Vast majority of the public support 's deal and just want us to get on with it. #brexit isn't top everyone's priority list, most people just want pothole free roads and good healthcare.
Three songs to see brexit through, 1. Talking Heads..road to nowhere, 2. Clodagh Rodgers...everybody go home the party is over and 3. Europe. ..The final countdown....
Ffs Theresa, you may be clear but we’ve still no bloody idea #Brexit
France and Germany reduce workers rights. So much for EU protecting workers rights. Germany to reduce employment rigjts to attract more banks post-Brexit via
As I read it, Mr Maugham isn't denying that austerity is real and causes hardship today. He IS saying that Brexit will damage our economy and make it hard to reverse austerity. Oh, and by the way: even people called Jolyon who don't use food banks actually can give a shit.
Absolutely. David Lammy spot on again.
I get excited every time my phone pops up a “breaking news” alert thinking “yes! they’ve cancelled Brexit!” and then it’s always something disappointingly non-news worthy
May I as an atheist be forgiven for quoting the Bible but doesn't it say: what doth it profit a man if he gain the world and lose his soul
"The only momentary bright spot seems to be the (temporary) humiliation of pretend aristocrat Jacob Rees-Mogg, a sort of Talentless Mr Ripley whose ERG coup against May has failed to ignite."
Austerity/ Brexit/ Tories, all go hand in hand.
This is absolutely true... Various parts of various forces across England and England and Wales are on the point of collapse... #CrisisInPolicing #PolicingInCollapse #NotCryingWolf #TrueBlueLineUK
Time until BREXIT is 126 days, 01 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Of course the EU wants us to remain and handover sovereignty, a deal is not in their interests as it encourages other member states try to negotiate different arrangements
I think you've put your wish list up to be fair... Wheres the Brexit deal??
Like rat in a cage turning on each other eating the weaker member. Who's going leave the ship first as we all know who's the fist to jump ship.
Labour is trying to walk a very narrow path with its Brexit policy &amp; it’s running out of road, strategy has worked up till now. However I’d like Labour to be totally clear in offering NI Special Status &amp; quit using DUP sounding language
How much is MAY and her cabal paid for this mess?
THIS IS WHAT WATCHING CARDIFF DOES!! IT MAKES YOU SEEK OUT BRECIT SHOWS!!!
Not actually Brexit being the key point.
Facebook and Twitter are silencing us all. We must all get to the London Brexit demonstration on the 9th Dec. #WeWillNotBeSilenced #CompaniesRanByTheElite
Behr of the Guardian, ref’d by Hiltzik, LATimes, Nov 21: ”it is easier to be on the team that accuses the prime minister of failing to deliver majestic herds of unicorns than it is to be stuck with a portfolio that requires expertise in unicorn-breeding.”
There are 3014 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
Please please please please please
There are 3014 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
Brexiteers warn Theresa May to ditch Northern Ireland backstop plan or face Commons defeat
Kill Bill Get May too May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal
MAY has LOST (the plot) don't listen or accept her botched vision of BREXIT - we voted to leave, to be OUT with NO strings attached! #News #PressFreedom #UK #Brexit #Europe #Visegrad #Hungary #Poland #CzechRepublic #Slovakia #USA &amp; #EU-Cart€l #France #Germany #Italy #Brussels
Fun fact, the more you watch it, the more pro-Brexit you get. via
If the EU 27 fail to agree a deal then crash out it is and thereafter trade on WTO terms.
Brexit is 3026 hours away. #brexit
How dare these politicians call for a worthwhile brexit? We voted for a witty brexit!
5. The 17.4m will be angry that Brexit has turned into an almighty cock up. But for the majority of them, their anger is directed towards Brexiteer MPs. Lions, led by donkeys.
has been a disaster: simplify, sensationalise, kowtow. Prop that luvvie John Humphreys upright till the embalming fluid leaks. And above all, don’t get specialists in who understand the nuts and bolts of #Brexit.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario :Auto pickup by wikyou
Seems clear enough. Why’s there even any debate over whether it’s what was voted for. (Not by me tbh but the more I see of Euro politicians and their unprofessional conduct the more I think “let’s go” So, why the politicians refusing to vote it through. Playing silly buggers??
Raab: ‘Staying in the EU is better than May’s #Brexit plan’
Please read and do what you know is right for the country. Not necessarily for you, not necessarily for Labour, right now, but what's right for the future of the UK.
Evidence for Brexit being stupider.
Yeah! THAT’S what the people REALLY want! A PROPER brexit. With REAL suffering! None of this namby-pamby prosperity, trade and freedom nonsense. If you’re going to rape a country, do it properly: UP THE ARSE!
Do not worry after Brexit he has nothing to bitch about, his time is due his 5 listeners are aware too
There a scary number of Twitter folk promoting no deal Brexit, which would destroy jobs &amp; livelihoods &amp; create havoc with supply chains. This is a fact. The only people benefitting would be venture capitalists &amp; foreign powers aiming to destabilise Western countries, ie Russia
Is the Brexit deal worse than staying in the EU?
‘No-deal’ Brexit: Businesses urged to make plans now - RECRUITING TIMES
That would be great David but more likely 1 no confidence vote 2 General Election 3 comfortable win for Uncle Fester and the Marxists 4 no Brexit ever 5 UK Bankrupt, rooting in bins for food
Yes. At this time everything is about Brexit.
Very good meeting COPRES under in Vienna. As alwaysinteresting inspiration for my further work in and as such. Business must stay involved in important issues of our times: #Brexit #ClimateChange #FutureofEurope #Elections2019
May Stubborn on Brexit Draft
We're all baffled by Brexit. This is how nine experts think it'll all end
Good work.
Reality is we’ve been screwed over by the right wing establishment from day one. This is their last desperate power grab. They want a one party state. That’s what Brexit is about. Steve is right.
The brexit deal explained - a con where the poorest lose most, the rich continue to avoid taxes and launder dirty Russian money and make a mint privatising the NHS, dismantling the welfare state and scrapping workers and environmental protections. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Spain’s Brexit threats are as shallow as they are futile, writes
Now time for us to stop A50. End Brexit and get on with fixing our economy and creating new jobs in the areas we can forgive buying into the lies
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Good evening all! If you prefer Tumblr, you can follow me there - Thanks! #arts #JC4PM #FBPE #WATON #art #labour #tory #brexit
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says - The Independent
No deal. Tell them we will fight them for it. Shithouses
Brexiteers have a choice we can deliberately vote for pro-Brexit MP’s who are already incumbent or who will be standing in the next election or we can vote UKIP who should only stand candidates in areas where Remain MP’s are the only choice otherwise. #TheBattleForBritain 10/12
Brexit nationalist bs? It’s not bs to look for democratic accountability over your lawmakers it’s not bs to have faith in your country of birth as an independent nation
INFH UXEYX 231118220027
Project Fear. yet again
It happens to be true
Well we’ll never know unless people that actually support Brexit implement it. It is inevitable that using Remain’s underlying assumptions about Brexit to leave the EU is, and could only be, a disaster.
If you want the latest on Brexit...
Meanwhile, in non-Brexit related headlines...
Tom Hanks...STOP WITH THE BISCUITS! Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
I don't think a Government has ever been so cynical as this one. It is trying to make Brexit fail. It's negotiating "on our behalf", but against our interests. Its aim seems to be to make life so wretched that we'll want to rejoin.
EU loving Remainers, we know your game!
you generally have plenty to say for yourself.
I think you've put your Santa's wish list up to be fair... Wheres the Brexit deal??
Theresa Would possibly Faces Parliamentary "Struggle Of Attrition" To Ship Brexit -
Whether brexit is put in jeopardy or not will have very little to do with what ukip do or don't do. They have zero mps and so zero influence on the process for the foreseeable whether you want then to or not.
MPs so far have done an impressive job with Brexit. Now Labour must get on board - The Independent
Every world leader knows mass immigration is a dangerous and destructive policy. Almost every western leader still implements mass immigration policies and attacks anyone who tries to curb them.
Agree. . nrexit with its roots in racism,natiknalism and xenophobia is not for me...never will be. I have a feeling brexit is now on its last legs...Peston said more and more MP’s are telling him that remaining is now the best bet.
is my local MP. He’s a Liberal Democrat but is pro Brexit.
It's much too expensive for an individual to stand as an independent MP. After the brexit fiasco there may be enough people wanting change that they make it possible to be elected without being tied to a party.
New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit
What happened to take back control?
Please give this account a follow
Visit EBF on Facebook - RT Mock_The_Right: #Brexit #MockTheRight - #Bluehand #NewBluehand
"Scottish salmon producers say May's Brexit plans pose "serious questions"" -
Fancy that
Theresa May Takes Her Case for Brexit to the People
Because labour are not backing a confirmation brexit referendum so one of their tactics will be to say “there is no point, the result will be the same”.
You're spoiling us this week. Brilliant!! Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Also attended AG Juliane Kokott's #Garner2018 lecture. Nice summary of CJEU's role in development of UK environmental law, followed by some great questions leading to a rather fascinating discussion. Lots of Brexit related topics covered, of course.
The Brexit Fantasy Was Always Doomed
Bet says something convoluted but contradictory over the week-end - Vacillating mentality - she just does not understand why Leave voters won the referendum #Brexit
Evidence for #Brexit being stupider.
The Guardian .. ooh this is gonna hurt me ..
Opinion: Gibraltar dispute shows the absurdity of Brexit
Spoof Brexit shop opens in Peckham to highlight grocery 'price rises' post-EU - Evening Standard
Brussels says that the agreement on the 'Brexit' "is still on the table" and does not comment on resignations in the British Government
Ian et al, I know we are all focused on Brexit but the sustainability of HE in NI concerns me. WHY do we have TWO stand alone teacher training colleges? We are wasting millions every year. How can you stand over this? Don
#Brexit: A back to basics guide about the UK's withdrawal from the EU #BBCNews
#Brexit vote plan is more twerp than TARP Flawed parallels with the financial crisis won’t save Theresa May’s Brexit plan.
At least when the country is burning to the ground under the destruction of brexit, i can look at this advent calender and sing " The impossible dream " while Nick Knowles plays the guitar.
A British General Sometimes you have to sleep with the enemy. We WILL protect! #BRexit #UK
A boot is not a licensing approved vessel for alcoholic drinks. Please drink responsibly . I’m sure once we do the brexit you can drink from whatever the shit you want. But for now no boot drinking. That is all.
Brexit #StopBrexit Thats our Remain National hero, Mr Steve Bray who started 16 months ago and has been outside parliament every day it is in session.
Sunday’s EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
's febrile, petulant defensiveness is telling; he is clearly rattled. Particularly ridiculous is his claim that supports a no deal #Brexit; she has consistently &amp; effectively argued for a deal involving Single Market &amp; Customs Union membership!
‘The Spanish government has said it will not support the Brexit deal unless it is clear that Gibraltar will not covered by a future trade deal without Madrid’s consent’
Arlene Foster has harangued Theresa May over the British prime minister's Brexit deal
So the jus are behind #Brexit? Damn that #LabourAntisemitism!
Fuck me. It’s admirable to remember all these events but surely opposing, and I mean actually opposing an economically damaging Brexit should be your focus? So glad I let my membership lapse.
Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war - The Independent
Sorry mate. #ShoutyMan here. Can't help with Australia right now. Got my hands full with the UK and the EU and fighting Brexit. #StopBrexit
What relation the Falklands have with the Brexit? Or do they have more things going on?
See this Brexit carry on...history will remember it as the period where not one single politician acted in the interests of the country. Which is a reason for cancelling it in itself.
It's in your own newspaper please do block I don't mind.
"Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit deal passes" -
Isn’t the local MP #brexit spokesman ?
We want to stay in to stay in Europe as we are no no not Brexit as we are... NOW.. ...give it up Theresa May....WE ARE STAYING IN BUT NO BREXIT... That's a NO NO
The corrupt last actions of a dying Government. Politics must be better than this, #stopbrexit is but the first stage in rolling back the putrid stench that emanates from Westminster
Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit deal passes - Reuters
Don't worry the vast majority of UK cod comes from Iceland Norway and Russia not the EU and if we have a proper brexit not May's surrender document we can catch more ourselves.
Is it factually accurate?
What fun it is all turning out to be.
She’s a liar (and a very poor negotiator)
Why would anyone think that politicians are corrupt &amp; in it for themselves? Or don’t give a fig about the People that they are supposed to represent? #BrexitBetrayal
WALK. She offers no Brexit or no Brexit.
Seems she's already started #Shameless don't know that that little picture is but cannot get rid of it...just when you think #TheresaMay cannot get any more embarrassing she manages to hit a new low
Listening to this bullshit could be the reason for my headache...... #Brexit #Bored #Screwedover #TheresaMay #lies
Labour can’t have power without Remainers. And is they’re so concerned about the poor, why would they wreck the country with Brexit?
The opposite is quite true. There is no political force in Britain to represent the views of those the new UKIP tries to represent. Political Correctness has alienated millions of people.
Shut up twerp
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
‘Well. I’m sorry for the image, but it does currently look as though Rees-Mogg has come out of the water closet with just his proverbial in his hands. That said, he could easily be back on top of the underworld in a fortnight. Such are our cuckoo times.’ Excellent by
Who to believe, when the whole process of #Brexit has me all out of faith for Establishment figures.. #TheSystemIsBroken
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
Would market shock force parliament's hand on Brexit? - Reuters
THE DEATH OF BREXIT: sidelined ministers, a neutered Cabinet, a jubilant Whitehall and the collapse of journalism via
Well he said he did, but since that time has been supporting Brexit &amp; never made any attempt at all to sell the EU to the electorate &amp; he has had 2 years since he managed to lose the GE against the worst Tory government ever.
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype | John Lichfield Written by a fucking idiot, problem is people read and believe this shit.
Sell out. Look most ppl watching this ARE conservatives. They aren’t dumb ? Supposedly) Choppers Brexit Podcast! Lord Lilly!
#Brexit with the dup coalition saying that they will not support conservative party on Brexit &amp; Michel barnier saying this deal is the only deal why do Labour think that if they get in to power ie a general election can they give another deal this is the only deal on the table,,
LOL @ Darren Crimes declaring, once again, that "they need us more than we need them" … If the effect of no deal on Spain is a recession, the UK will descend into *pandemonium*.
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
Possibly. But to then cut all ties on a narrowly-contested referendum seems profoundly undemocratic. Woulda made more sense for a Brexit referendum to start a (gentle) process, which successive elections &amp; referendums could have either continued or reversed.
Spot on. Just revoke Art 50 Notice. All evidence shows that no WA #Brexit would be a disaster. Majority thinking is that WA #Brexit is worse than staying in EU. Logical therefore to revoke Art 50. No PM would do anything else if acting in national interest.
More to come on that Alan
FUCK THE EU FUCK THE UN AND FUCK politicians
A supernova will swallow the earth!
And that is your right Mary. I don't think that everyone who cast a vote in the eu ref to leave voted for a hard brexit - but there you go.
Horrible thing here though, unless impeached (fingers crossed) he'll get a second term. The idiots love him. See also Brexit
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde | Opinion | The Guardian Drivel opinion piece from imagine my surprise. #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch
a good read: 'all scenarios point to a country less well-off and influential than if it had stayed in the EU' ://www.independent.co.uk/voices/brexit-theresa-may-defeat-war-military-edward-lear-jumblies-a8648896.html
What did you make of Frankie Boyle's tweet about Ireland's Great Hunger and Brexit? Was it in bad taste or just for fun? #irish #famine #brexit
Home from work in time for #HIGNFY - shame it wasn’t on last week to mop up that particular period of Brexit craziness. Paul Merton has been very much on form this series.
A British General Sometimes you have to sleep with the enemy. We WILL protect! #BRexit increasing UNITY #UK
Once, just once, I wish metropolitan commentators complaining about the role of the BBC in #Brexit would acknowledge its similar role in #IndyRef. But that would probably involve admitting complicity, which doesn't really help their look of outrage.
French banks scale back plans for post-Brexit staff moves - Reuters
About bloody time! Politicians need to be held accountable for their words and actions.
At the time of the referendum I figured a properly itemised result would have been something like 48% Remain, 35% EEA soft Brexit, 15% Canada hard Brexit, 2% "burn it all down and walk away" No Deal.
If you’re a Shop Assistant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
No people voted Brexit to avoid the young being part of the EU superstate which is now reintroduction compulsory national service to feed the new EU army. You might like to google that before you start the celebration to remain
Some investing wisdom from in the light of Brexit's uncertainty. #investments #invest #money
The Brexit honours list is underway. John Hays is the first of many. Wonder how he will vote. #Brexit
The pessimistic part of me thinks "never" Like, I'm very worried we'll return to Direct Rule from London (then, The Troubles) in a post-Brexit North cause the Tories don't give a shit about the peace process. As evidenced by being in alliance with the DUP in the first place.
Ill explain it in two words: Sell Out
Settling down for #hignfy and usual leftard twaddle, anti-Brexit and anti-Trump non-humour - I'm a masochist.
This narrative has potential...
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
I SO much wish this 's Twitter was not a parody. I'm close enough to believing it could be the man himself. #BrexitShambles
BBC News - Brexit deal: Government exploring extra DUP assurances, says Chancellor
We did fight with brexit...but we are going down......
Read and understand why this deal is all waffle: The Brexit political declaration – rated
Pedro can no more veto Brexit than he can leave a donkey untroubled.
Don't worry UKIP are about to be a political party in name only after brexit no more MEPs so he won't actually do anything apart from share more articles he reads in the press and say they should have special prisons that he can go to
Heard is apparently supporting May's current #Brexit withdrawal agreement. I wonder what Blackpool North &amp; Cleveleys Constituents think?
Synchronised masturbation as Britain comes together. Another unsung #brexit benefit.
Good. They voted for Trump to disrupt the system. Trump was their Brexit
Funny that. It’s almost if rich tax dodgers with assets in the the Cayman Islands, BVI &amp; other tax havens promoted Brexit to avoid paying U.K. tax.
There is nothing to implement, the Brexit sold by the Leave campaign wasn’t possible, Leavers have had over two years to try and make it work, and they’ve shown that it doesn’t. No-one voted for no deal, all promised a deal, so if there’s none, Brexit should be cancelled.
If she gets her deal, it's not the end of Brexit, it's just an extra step towards Brexit. She and the EU are failing and brexiters wont give up.
And so say all of us.
Well said! It seems people saying No Deal/Hard Brexit scares people, we should use Switzerland as the goal, its rich beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving! They trade in &amp; outside of EU, &amp; so can we. We CAN put the Great back in Britain &amp; be like Switzerland help Remainers 2 understand!
More Musical Satire! May Sings 'No Deal Brexit' to the Tune of 'Ice, Ice Baby' via
'Globalist elite'. A shadowy and entirely fictitious pseudo-enemy designed to deflect attention from the nationalist, nativist billionaires who are bankrolling Brexit.
Indeed total utter crap
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Of course it’s Brexit. It’s actually surprisingly close to Corbyn’s unicorn, and you know what? It is actually realisable. It’s still, like any Brexit, appalling and pointless.
May is trying every trick in the book to hold on to power !
But but but Brexit !
With repaired link (HT/TY )
Cancel brexit??? It was the biggest vote in history and you want to ignore it. We voted leave. What's so difficult to understand? Leave mens leave.
HUP brexit
The Brexit Fantasy Was Always Doomed
Hmmm, Teresa May chose Black Friday to tell us what a good deal Brexit is... "Calling Captain Subtext!!!"
Yeah, I thought he knew what he was talking about until he came on #TV the other day promoting #TheresaMay 's #REMAIN in the #EU deal only giving #Britain less powers than before ! You could not make this stuff up !! #BREXIT
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’ - spiked
Raab looks and sounds like he’s in a hostage video.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
And by “electoral force” you mean “party that loses elections to a dolphin”.
People who voted for Brexit aren't racist as a whole. Some people are and I'm saddened by that but this was never about stopping immigration...
For anyone who’s doubted the PM. There’s yer dinner
"PM faces parliamentary 'war of attrition' to deliver Brexit" -
I’d add- Robbins removed from Brexit team &amp; no negotiations unless EU reciprocate by removing Barnier &amp; his number two. Otherwise it’s a no deal brexit by the due date. No ifs , no buts, no Gina Miller interventions, no backstops, no project fear, just LEAVE!
Brexit deal being held to ransom by Spain over Gibralta AND Arlene Foster warns that the deal between the Tories &amp; DUP at risk is Brexit goes through. Theresa May could give out 100 knighthoods...this deal is not gonna happen. #brexit #BrexitChaos
Are all leftist men pussies with an inability to understand numbers? We are in an era of historically high levels of both absolute and percentage level immigration and this think thinks it’s a lie? Go back to counting genders, pinky.
This is how we must fight the next election &amp; this is how we must defeat the Establishment Lib/Lab/Con once &amp; for all as for the most part, MP’s are just in it for themselves &amp; Corbyn is no different to May. We must make it a Brexit v Remain election. #TheBattleForBritain 11/12
Why isn’t May’s cabinet screaming this at her?
Oh good grief.
Richard ask the Germans (if any are alive today to recall) whether Brexit compares to their experience in Berlin, Hamburg or Dresden. I think I know what they would say to you
"It is hard to imagine any government surviving the chaos of a no-deal Brexit, let alone one as weak as Mrs May’s. So far the decision to quit the EU has slowed Britain down, rather than derailing it. Leaving with no deal, however, could result in a wreck."
Why she look like me Nanna? #teresa #brexit #worldleader
Marina giving better than she gets, as always.
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Jacob we are going to win this this is our brexit not Mays
No Brexit, closely followed by #PeoplesVote
So, loads of MPs too worried to speak out about Brexit, but Christopher Chope happy to object to upskirting and FGM bills. Has anyone checked his cellar?
And, if you're Hillary, also stop backing coups that upset their countries and cause people to be immigrants.
The British people want brexit to stop.
Could the issue of Gibraltar scupper the painstakingly crafted Brexit deal? (Yes, it very well could...)
As if! Does he think he’s King of the EU suddenly? He’s not even a real man let alone a king.
But of course, it wouldn’t be. Quickest way to make Sure we stop taking about Brexit is for the country to be happier, more equal &amp; to have better prospects.
She a fucking genius.
Orite Brexit Mike
For crying out loud. The Brexit camps should be united, not fighting amongst themselves. Or is this part of the plan?
That weird thing she does with her mouth? Happens every time she tries really hard to avoid saying what she really believes about #Brexit #EU #UKfuture
Too true
Brexit is such a negative project..... leaving and rejecting. Wow, soooooo inspirational!!!!
Of course it is OK to change your mind &amp; certainly not undemocratic to do so. People are more Brexit aware now than when voting on the issue in 2016. Best deal on d table @ the moment is to stay a member of EU. Even Dominic Raab who drew up the WA agrees with that. Peoples Vote.
Well put: 'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
And people wonder why the excluded voted Brexit
37% of a rigged electorate that excluded the groups most affected by #Brexit, but included Commonwealth nationals in the UK. Unjust, unfair and morally criminal.
I would like your statement better if it didn't accept #brexit as a foregone conclusion. NO one voted to lose their job. #Stopbrexit #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
Parliament can't give away our fishing rights. They must rescue #UK from the clutches of #EUmafia #Brexit #BrexitNow
Mission Impossible 8 Brexit Fallout, this TM is your mission if you choose to accept it, to deliver Brexit to Brussels, you can pick your usual bunch of tossers, I mean team, if you or Esther or Amber get caught we will disavow you, this tape will self destruct in four years.
Right for those (including myself) feeling confused where we are going with the whole brexit shebang. Recap on the uncertainties and queries y’all been trying to understand. It sounds like a hot mess tbh!
Yawn. Brexit is fucked anyway.
actually as I think of it. the Brexit is impossible to be done, if we mean "done properly". It would take 20+ years, and an army of highly skilled staff, well educated in a very particular disciplines, to analyze, process, and negotiate brexit, and all other deals around it.
Better question...will the people of the Uk be economically better off outside the EU than in? #MAYBOT: our best days are....... it will be different.... Ive F##### the country. So Ill be sacked..... So we will be buying better off.#Brexit #PeoplesVote
To be fair, the PM is pursuing Brexit. As Your alternative question was rejected by the 52%.
You have to think its gone tits up, When Dominic Raab who is a lawyer and the ex Brexit Secretary said the deal is a croc of shyte!
This is very good news ...
This is excellent. Thank you for helping to keep me sane during The Brexit Wars.
How can seriously propose anything as damaging for UK as this? Who could be still trusting her? #MayMustGoNow
You have to hand it to FRAU Not many people can boast of being an embarrassment to 2 countries - the UK &amp; Germany #bbcaq
Quite. The champion of the #resistance laid bare. A warmongering neocon criminal who commits sin against every virtue neatly categorised in identity. Yet she is celebrated by the ‘left’ middle class aspirational wankers.
havn't watched the video but is one of the options we remain in the EU but Jonathon Pie leaves? That one
#BSG Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Perfect. Thank you.
UKIP is already dead !!
I just spent 10 minutes in World Market, which I think means I am now an expert on Brexit.
Love how everyone is a political expert, like any of us have the first fucking idea what actually goes on, all the finer details etc, like anyone of us knew what Brexit would mean exactly when we voted, not even the MP’s and intellectuals could agree, not even now!
18 Brexit groups including AFB put their names to a declaration of our opposition to 's #turkytrap #BRINO this week, which was published in the on Tuesday. A #WTOBrexit will deliver the independent + democratic UK that we voted for.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
So sayeth many a trafficked (by the PM) &amp; prostituted British woman in the UK? #BRexit #UK
How to classify Brexit texts via
Good effort, but visit if you want to really feel the power of the Dark Side as expressed through the medium of responsive web design
This is really, really, really savage by but it is difficult to argue he got it wrong.
We get the Brexit we voted for, im fascinated by your lack of coverage that a legal vote is been ignored and this deal is an abortion . Despite Brexit hey BBC #BBCBiasedNews
As a Brexit voter I am tired of people who voted remain telling me what I voted for. They didn't understand the reasons enough in 2016 to make me vote to remain, and they still haven't got it! #brexit #Brexitdeal
It really is the emperor's new clothes: May stands and declares she's delivered Brexit while actually delivering absolutely nothing.
Never a truer word was spoken.... Brexit - or the death of Democracy.
I'm a baby boomer I've worked damned hard all my life through hard times and good times I am not prepared to give up the freedom and independence of #uk to satisfy political whim #Brexit is not whim it's forever #LeaveMeansLeave #leavenow #NoDealBrexit is best option
live in Poland or finland you would be begging to come home , brexit otherwise, snowflake
Brexit seems to be bringing out the best in all the white ladies
In Britain’s boardrooms, Brexit is already here. And the warning is stark | Aditya Chakrabortty
So you don't think there's far too many high earning nhs bosses ?...i see you believe in magic man corbyn who slates a brexit deal he hasn't even read .....
Yep. Brexiteers angry on this poor soul of Theresa May because Brexit isn't coming out how they imagined, like passengers on the Titanic bashing the music band on deck of the sinking ship.
"May still resembles Gromit on the runaway train… So get ready for Brexit advent, where every day in the December calendar will offer the chance to open the door on some new, exquisitely rendered political hellscape."
What would happen if Parliament rejected the #Brexit plan?
Oh oh! David Davis also saying a 2nd Referendum is how to ensure that — The people vote on the deal! It’s called due diligence! #Brexit
Indeed. Essential, disturbing reading
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez on her plans in Congress via - New Leadership simply for change. Reminds me of #Brexit &amp; abolishment of Obamacare w/o a Plan on how to replace it. I commend you on seeing the difference. #goodluck
If you find yourself in Peckham, South Lonbdin tomorrow you may want to check out the spoof #Brexit shop highlighting grocery 'price rises' post-EU. Thanks for the #FridayFeeling
Not if they change leader and go for full out no deal Brexit, they would get a landslide
Anti-Brexit Black Friday shop offers 'worst deal ever'
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
"no brexit" it is, then...
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit #stopbrexit
UKIP are currently polling higher than a party that was in government 4 years ago &amp; have won a national election more recently than the party in official Opposition. In 2017 simply they didn’t stand many candidates. As I said in my 1st reply, without UKIP there would be no Brexit
Spanish reservations over Gibraltar on Friday prevented the European Union clearing the last hurdle before the bloc signs off its Brexit deal with Britain, with Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez saying a summit on Sunday could be called off. "Spain digs in o…
While we’re focused on Theresa May’s shambolic Brexit deal, let’s not forget the damning UN report on UK poverty that shames this government. - 14 million in poverty - 4 million are children - 320,000 homeless - Rough sleeping doubled - Political choice, not economic necessity
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
You should be terrified about other things. A period of difficulty and unrest will burn the ivory towers, including yours.
Love it
Silver smoothies, hard nuts and sensitive youngsters - the Tory Brexit tribes explained. (V funny by Marx Fox for Reaction )
That's Brexit for ya
Probably the most accurate and humourous explaination of brexit
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Hain: “surrender first, negotiate afterwards”.
Nov: Channel 4 Survation Poll: Britain would back "remain" by 54 percent to 46 percent -
I am looking on the bright side - Brexit is dead and I'm thrilled!
The PM's "...risk of no brexit at all" is interesting. It does seem to me that the only "risk" of no brexit at all would be the humiliation of the Conservative Party. Which, frankly, is a risk I could live with.
Thought so but well done for getting involved and joining an anti-brexit party
The latest The Mel Brooks Daily! #blackfriday #brexit
Asking for Brexit advice??
....if the pro-brexit Belizean consul and diplomat get their way it'll be East Anglian sugar beet farmers too. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
She lives in a coffee machine, sucks farts out of pensioners (they won't have fuck all else for Labour to take) and is being panned universally. WHO IS WOMAN IN VIDEO??
NIGEL, I think you are wrong on this one. Look at the popular support for Tommy and then someone you introduced like let's give #TommyRobinson a chance, #Brexit is so close. We need everyone onside. Join and Tommy on stage... PLEASE! #UKIP
Her agreement isnt brexit. But moreover I was using his tweet to point out Spaniards love a donkey.
Welcome to this account. We are a bit controversial. Like Hitler just better, so more like Donald Trump. Brexit means Brexit get out you filthy immigrant!
At 10 with Fiona Bruce: +Brexit +EU +Hartlepool +mopeds +mental health +Iran +Black Friday +Africa Armistice driving #BBCNewsTen
We scare people saying No Deal Brexit/Hard Brexit, use Switzerland as the goal, its rich beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving! They trade in and outside of EU, and so can we. Let's put The Great back in Britain and be like Switzerland, healthy &amp; clean!
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
7 words to make it easy..and so very true
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Our politicians are fiddling with a Brexit cacophony whilst policing is burning.
Zakharova: Russia Blamed for Skripal Poisoning to Distract from #Brexit
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
Beady balled Boris Brightened by Bamboozling Before #Brexit Breaks Britain. #curiositykilledthecatri #borisjohnson #Britain
Philip Hammond lays on the charm to calm DUP fears over Brexit deal
Wearable technology reveals mass cultural trauma of Brexit and Trump. #futurist
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster: The DUP leader says her… #Brexit #BBC #News
Brexit fears push Irish spreads to widest in more than five months #Finance #Business #Investissement via
Im curious- whats the difference between wanting to stay with PAL and wanting Brexit? All I can do now is replace peoples arguments against NTSC with why we should leave. I feel like its a good comparison and Im pretty sure none of those people would agree with brexit. Thoughts?
BBC News - Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
Introducing Steve Bray ( ), the man who photobombs the British media every day in Parliament and shouts to stop Brexit. Together with in . #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit
When will brexiteers cut the horse shite ??? ....the people are sick of it ....let's settle it once and for all...... #brexit #PeoplesVote
The Brexit dividend begins...
Theresa May faces fresh battles to save her Brexit strategy
No one has been able to explain to any of us “remoaners” what is great about Brexit.
A jobs-first Brexit is a fantasy. Brexit is not what most Labour voters and MPs want. If Corbyn wants to maintain his indecisive stance he should be replaced by a Leader who will provide leadership and oppose TM’s dreadful government.
Why can the likes of Halligan just not accept that Brexit was always a shit idea, and that the vision of Britain as some lone, buccaneering nation, cavorting from advantageous trade deal to advantageous trade deal, like no other country on earth, was just fantasy?
If they voted for a no deal Brexit, they certainly didn’t understand the consequences for them, their families and the country..and how could they?
A deal that isn't negotiated yet. A deal that's nothing but wishful thinking.
Ex Woodhouse student and political journalist,Stephen Bush, predicts next stage of Brexit
Depressingly amusing - Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
I predict a riot.
Bloody brexit. Might not even have Christmas next year. May very well all be living on rations of bread and filtered rain water. So celebrate early by all means. Who am I to judge?
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Ive grown so weary of this Brexit shitshow that Im about to unfollow anything and everything I followed about it before
Theresa May faces fresh battles to save her Brexit strategy
What does the Brexit deal over Gibraltar have to do with the Spanish-Catalan crisis? Listen to tomorrow at 8am on breakfast show -if you're up bright and early!
May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal
EU nails down Theresa May and the UK in 26 page Post-Brexit Terms. For those unfamiliar with The Duran Youtube channel, this is an excellent place to hear informed analyses on international affairs and LOTS on Brexit. . via
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal let’s get this trending..
Perhaps a way to get a parliamentary majority for this would be to dovetail that in to a DAG type plan for a properly negotiated Brexit. Would that not get support in such an otherwise divided ? Like - if we’re gonna do it, at least do it right?
Great to see EU making making the case for Brexit.
Threatening Brexit 'veto,' Spain demands written commitment from UK on Gibraltar
You will be when Brexit is BRINO
But there will be one in 2019 - either through DUP plug-pulling (if May's Brexit Deal goes though), or Conservative Party implosion (if May's Deal doesn't go through).
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Como Hugh Grant en Love Actually.
What about good wishes for people who are going to loose their jobs through Brexit?
via 'Sore LOSER!' Jo Johnson SHUTDOWN over calls for second Brexit referendum #UK_News
Every word is true
Reminder that #TheresaMay wanted to bulldoze this deal onto the British public and deny parliament a vote - our champion of a strong and stable democracy wanted to decide the future of this country by herself, on her own, with no over sight. #brexit
Deal passes DUP walk they don't get that money they haven't got yet. If it passes they have nothing to gain from walking. But they are a spiteful bunch so they'll probably do it just for the hell of it!
I happened to be in the year 2069 the other day, unfortunately Rees mogg’s promised brexit life improvements never happened. Now I’m back in the present aiming to overt this catastrophe.
Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit deal passes
Feeling particularly ornery tonight. Brexit is a fucking stupid idea, but if you've followed me you probably already know I think that... So far we've had Lacuna Coil (Italy), Lordi (Finland) and the mighty Rammstein (Germany) on the stereo whilst I sweat over a hot laminator.
The Corbynistas know they can no longer pretend their man is pro-EU or has anything to say about Brexit worth listening to. All they care about is getting magic grandad onto the iron throne so that Rapture can begin
There you go Stop selling a bag of shit now and put that letter in!
. Because it’s what the people want, and it absolutely isn’t about me!!!
Oh and
Poor May
Knighthood to John Hayes a disgraceful use of the position of PM to try and sway the withdrawal agreement through Parliament. May has to go now. #Brexit
Draft Brexit deal presents 'false choice' - Foster via
inside the bunker. lies and fat cats swigging Downing St wine to get soundbites on this abomination
Tim Martin exports precisely nothing. He will know nothing about how Brexit will hit our exports.
sad that Arlene ALONE faces an EUempire, while other parties' heads are just having a laugh seeing the country being handed over to MotherBRussials. #Brexit me ASAP
Technically nothing is worse than full membership of the EU in relative terms.
#Brexit is not going to happen. The games over it’s been rumbled. It will be voted down. True democracy prevails. Not the russian backed fraud you call a referendum.
Rising recession risk leaves Europe acutely vulnerable to no-deal Brexit shock via
British liberals should wake up most of this criminal are French Polish and Germany , other EU , citizens !!! they do that because they lose access and free money in UK after #Brexit
A classic, alright. I laughed a lot. Now I'm going to have a little cry...
The Brexit disaster explained in 2 words We're fecked
The DUP will 'look again' at its support of May's government if the #Brexit deal passes
Me too
No, that's absolutely fine with me. My left wing credentials are better than intact. On Brexit, and listening to party members, and leadership, he's utterly hopeless.
so does brexit
Brexit: UK ignoring EU nations’ concerns
The latest e-transform daily! Thanks to #ukedchat #brexit
Gathering momentum that we won't leave, thanks to efforts of intelligent people like &amp; the others that tries in his inept way tries to criticise, Common sense is beginning to prevail.
So who would we send to negotiate Brexit without the PM - the Krankies Well the Krankies would do a damn sight better than May has done #GoggleboxFriday
Should’ve just owned up the day after she became PM; “Sorry, there are 10,001 different permutations of what people think Brexit means, and half the country didn’t want it anyway, so we need to strike a middle ground. No-one will get what they want.” But no, lies lies lies lies.
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
I love how the government makes it sound like it's being generous that if won't chuck people out of the country because they work part time of are struggling to find a job. #Brexit
Is a successful Brexit that maintains frictionless trade without the many obligations of EU membership in their interests?
is undoubtedly doing what she believes is best for the UK, but she voted #Remain so she always had the fear that it was best not to #leave - how can she possibly deliver the #Brexit we voted for, if based on her own beliefs?
Binaural ASMR Brexit Roleplay [You are Michel Barnier]
Richard, Richard, Richard. You’re so wrong on this issue but you keep at it anyway. Brexit was about sovereignty, not what Britain was getting from Europe!
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
This is how Brits can be trusted? The EU parliament should be aware of the deep duplicitousness and untrustworthiness of the Brits, and protect its citizens against UK foul play.
Spain's Brexit threats are as shallow as they are futile - CapX
You are a really oily snake in the grass. You are a disgusting opportunist. Gross!
#Premier refuses to #stake leadership on Brexit vote
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Biggest political scam in history #BrexitBetrayal We voted to leave the EU, a deal can be made after. We should be in a powerful negotiating position. Except we are being forced into no Brexit to avoid this ridiculous deal on offer, hoping no one would notice. #democracyisdead
A pointless Brexit
No you mean you can give your opinion quicker ( it's probably the company you keep )
The modules on that Brighton Uni fashion course must've been wide reaching.
It is a reflection of how bad the 2 main parties are, that UKIP with the current leader has 8%. If it was the UK of 3 years ago they world be leading in the polls. A new honest Brexit party would wipe the Floor with the liars &amp; schemers of both Labour &amp; Tory party
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Brexit: Will Spain's Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock? - BBC News via
Is it too late for me to move to France? I got a B in my GCSE.
Is that a metaphor for Brexit ?
How regions will fare over 15 yrs. Even if we stay in the Single Market, parts of Britain will be between 1% &amp; 2.5% worse off. “No Deal” Brexit outside Customs Union, trading on WTO terms, regions can expect to be up to 16% worse off over 15 yrs #BREXIT
It's a outrageous travesty and if we weren't all so obsessed with Brexit, people might have noticed this disgusting profit-making bollocks years ago #carehomes
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain
Only a fool would trust Theresa, even Remainers know this to be true but it suits them. Why would anybody in her position pay 39Bn to the EU to Remain when e have people living on the streets. All government owned stately homes should be used to house Indigenous homeless people.
Brexiters and undecided folk must read these quotes.. ..we have been repeatedly lied to, or, we have totally incompetent politicians and Brexit will just as surely be a wrecking ball to the UK GDP/economics.
Do you honestly think you won't be able to travel to France from the UK if we leave on WTO terms? If so you really are quite thick. #Brexit
Sorry Nigel, you should have returned as UKIP leader as you said you would if May's plan was Brexit in name only. This was obvious from day one, but you stayed away. Gerard is doing a sterling job in salvaging UKIP &amp; many back him for sticking up for a man who loves his country.
Then you are in denial, incompetent or arrogant This women is a liability for sure BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
What a lovely club. You must agree they are worth the £39 Billion and our fish stocks, rather than treating our sick and injured dying for lack of funds, or our inner city communities, dying for lack of police, or our prisoners, dying for lack of officers!
The latest The Mens Sheds Daily! Thanks to #brexit #realestate
You’re purposefully deceiving people by wrongly stating that Raab stating that the deal is worse than staying in the EU means he’s changed his mind on Brexit. It then becomes clear that you’ve made up this link to justify a “people’s vote”. Embarrassing
Ouch!
Channel 4 should revive the TV show 'Shameless' and cast as the lead character. Typical Tories, can't believe a word they say...
OK Dokey here's a decent sample to be getting on with
Forget how many years ago we knew it would be ten euro regions.. oh brexit what have you done.. or not , as the obfuscation team would say
That's it exactly: the whole Brexit thing isn't about facts. It's about faith, hence all the nonsensical "Stop moaning and stop talking your country down" horseshit. It's as simple as "I don't like relying on Johnny Foreigner, don't tell me it can't be done!"
Every cloud...
See this is the problem Remainers suffer - Brexiteers say "Mays deal is NOT Brexit - &amp; it is worse than being in the EU" &amp; Remainers hear "Brexit is worse than being in the EU" - Just like Leave said we want sovereignty &amp; Remain heard we have a problem with freedom of movement
The UK tech sector is deeply divided over the Brexit deal - via
This #BrexitDeal can't go through Parliament. #Brexitnow
. : "Do you think it will be like Strictly, and they'll bring back all the #Brexit Secretaries at the end?" #hignfy
The Brexit political declaration confirms we are heading to a blind Brexit
On the other hand, 'your' party leader is still calling for a 'jobs first Brexit.' But this isn't the time for a show of tribalist disunity amongst pro-Europeans - we need to keep up the pressure because we can win...
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
Brexit will mean two generations are poorer. Anyway leave means leave so when are the hardline brexitears going to leave Europe. UK can not leave Europe no matter how much brexitears want it to happen.
At last. An MP who supports the deal has been found. Only another 318 needed.
Says the lady propping up Brexit which closes the door to free movement for those wishing to work, live in the UK from 27 countries. Your idea of 'Lexit' is no less bigoted than the tory one and a socialist utopia won't work when inflation stops the working class from eating.
He’s saying the opposite. He’ll veto any Brexit. Actually, he’s just a sponging pip squeak sucking money from the EU sugar daddies such as us, so he’s a nothing powerless typical young deluded fool.
He of all people would know about Dummies!!
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
So you'll make sure it never happens, please
When will all these muppets who parrot “we want the Brexit we were promised” realise that the rich were lying to them. They were lying just to get power.
She didn’t say what the fucking headline implies, but she’s gonna inevitably have to clarify too.
"Jobs first brexit" more than any other brexit soundbite even the imperial fantasies of the ERG and chums puts me in Falling Down mode. So completely dishonest it beggars belief. Whoever came up with that needs to be sacked.
Why May's Brexit deal is set to be defeated in Parliament
Did Britpop Lead To Brexit?
That’s the Brexit I voted for. Brexit means melt
Nigel shut up and let's focus on BREXIT. you walked away from UKIP before the job was done.
Of course, now they see that English Brexiteers have to answer a variation of the same question - what do you want more, a clean #Brexit or a continuing Union? As you have rightly pointed out, they fear that what English #Brexiteer MPs want above all else is Brexit...
BBC News - Brexit deal: Government exploring extra DUP assurances, says Chancellor
What we need is to join forces with people who have basic grasp of reality of every nationality and sort this shit out
THIS
This guy is precisely the sort of fuckknuckle that voted for brexit because he thinks the UK can go it alone. Damn, I'm gonna enjoy leaving these people behind next year.
EU, Britain agree on draft deal for post-Brexit ties, await summit approval
Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit deal passes
I dont think this is a very good metaphor, i dont think anyone on the internet wants brexit at this point anymore and we just did that #ivoteprexit thing for leaving PAL
Genius. Not.
Good grief. UK has become a terrible country due to . How and when can they be put out of power? Abusers and criminally irresponsible these ministers. no opposition. Brexit consumes everything. #ToriesOut #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
WOW LOL!!! I once unplugged an UMBILICAL CORD in order to send my kitchen across the boarder...yenno with the whole brexit deals and all !!!!YOLO LOL!!!!!
#Brexit We're leaving, get over it.
Dover / Calais trade ‘may’ have come as a surprise, then he rejected the #Brexit deal he proposed. Surely he’s being set up as the fall guy? ‘Staying in the EU is better than May’s Brexit plan’
A full version of Gilbert Gottfried reading the Brexit agreement document from this week's #LastWeekTonight should be on permanent loop on BBC1. No Bigfoot erotica interlude.
Anything that puts brexit in jeopardy is a good thing so I guess that means I support the hate mongerer joining the kippers.
How UK got fucked over by billionaires' lobbyists
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
For those of you who are unsure of your Schengen Area, your European Free Trade Association, and the difference between the Euro zone, European Economic Area, and European Union (pre-Brexit), here is a handy little chart.
The Establishment is waiting to #Brexhale - what would the 21st British equivalent of the guillotine look like?
#Brexit #PeoplesVote … … The report concludes that a further Brexit referendum is practically possible /...
In a nutshell, as a country we are up the creek.
Congratulations on displaying your pig ignorance to me right there. Now run along and play with you toys...... Mr #Soros will probably buy you more for #Christmas . #BREXIT #LEXIT !
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
Did Britpop Lead To Brexit?
My 30 years in Freight Forwarding/Road Haulage from long ago now
Keeps banging on about how a would undermine the vote in leave voting labour heartlands. Of course, if this madness persists, no-one will have any “heartlands” left as we’ll all be up Brexit Creek without a paddle
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
You may say the same goes for honouring the Brexit vote; we all, however, entered into the referendum knowing that the vote would be honoured as per govt declarations.
Just wish she would go.
I just luv that it says "60 seconds" and has 1:10 [one minute and ten seconds] in the bottum left hand corner. #60SecondsWillCostYou70WithTheEU
May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal
Brexit is Brexit, no matter how soft or hard. Both types or even those in between, leave the UK poorer and worse off to varying degrees. Why go for second best when we can have the best? We'll lose our revenue and be unable to implement good Labour policies. Poor will be poorer.
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
C4 News tonight: Tory #Brexit guru Paul Scully unconvincing. Reckons "U don't have 2 b a solicitor to know #A50 can't be rescinded". Asked if UK will benefit from #Brexit he sez: "Definitely. Definitely. Eventually ..."
May has betrayed Britain over #Brexit Now over 50000 signatures Please support this petition by retweeting Thank you #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitNow
Mr. Robinson is a HERO!
The inside story of how Theresa May survived her most dangerous week yet
We hope by a PeoplesVote! Theresa May is battling at home and in Brussels to win support for her withdrawal deal for a two-year transition period to negotiate a free-trade deal yet there is no certainty how it will end
It’s a wonderful, amazing. Brexit world!
Just leave and go onto WTO deals. As the treaty tying UK to the EU where UK handed over sovereignty was done without the people's consent then that treaty is null and void.
of course it's negotiable, 98% of Gibraltarians voted against Brexit and it's even less our than the north of Ireland.
Because leading Brexiters said it’d be so easy, we held all the cards. It was a big fat lie. Of course they - and you - should take the blame for lying to the electorate. Your Brexit was unachievable.
There seems to be a number of Brexiteer MPs using the term “No Brexit is better than May’s Brexit”. Is the tide starting to turn? #StopBrexit #brexit
Absolutely, their bias will be their downfall; and Brexit’s and Britain will become the EU’s lapdog.
I can assure you May’s Brexit isn’t soft for those of us who are EU nationals - but perhaps we don’t feature in these calculations?
There is no factual matter that pro and anti Brexit people cannot argue about, and so passionately. Such are the times we live in.
Spain cannot veto Brexit...only a qualified majority.
Since when has been pro EU?
Time for a hard Brexit. The EU will always have excuses to sabotage a soft Brexit. The EU can hardly survive without the economic support of the UK.
You know that the best deal for the UK is to remain in the EU. Be honest and say so. It's time to put your country before (the Brexit lunatics in) your party. Be a leader, not an appeaser.
Gov is running an annoying advert called Brexit deal explained in 60 seconds. I keep reporting it as 'misleading or a scam'
Dominic Raab: ‘Staying in the EU is better than May’s Brexit plan’ | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
Batten needs to listen to the public, he has done a good job so far, but he should keep the objects of the party simple for now or he will loose support for a voter who doesn’t like what he is saying.
My 'elpais' app has been pinging all day with updates from Spain re Gibraltar &amp; Brexit. There's barely been a mention here in the UK. Pedro Sánchez: “Las garantías sobre Gibraltar no son suficientes. Mantenemos el veto al Brexit”
Yes, but what's the downside?
Yes, we are powerless to prevent that. I would argue that capitalism is in decline, and brexit is a symptom of that. Worrying times.
I don't see how that's relevant. We're talking about Brexit, now, with the people that are in Parliament now.
I acknowledge the similar role in #IndyRef and I don't even like watching car racing.
I say to Lord Hain, fuck right off. #Gibraltar
With the UK Govt Cabinet looking more like a rickety IKEA chest of drawers, with parts left over/lost, What effects might a no-deal Brexit have on key procurements, post March 2019? #ukhousing #socialhousing
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
Why May's Brexit deal is set to be defeated in Parliament
This is silly. HRC doesn't care about any of that. She just thinks this position will help her next time she runs for President.
I keep thinking about the stories my future grandchildren will have to read in their history books about all the mistakes that were made. Like we had to about causes of WW1 &amp; II.
The latest The councilwatchuk Daily! Thanks to #brexit #croydon
I see you coaxed the FBPE our of their own asses for their usual crystal ball analysis on Brexit.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
I’ll borrow that tank to lead the uk to Brexit in the frontline but in all honesty F
The “return to being a great trading nation” is totally a call-out to Empire. Gunboat diplomacy &amp; stripping the colonies bare is not trade. The uptick in hate crimes in the UK since the Brexit vote is the canary in the coal mine. Not to mention BoJo and his Kipling recital.
Wake up Labour! Get your priorities right, there are people in great poverty in this country after Labour MPs supported UC.We see the consequences now, the new poverty, they will never survive ANY brexit! The UN report warned you, no one in Labour should be sitting on fences now
Then don’t follow Mays Brexit plan!!! Next roundabout, turn right........
I went bowling last night (Bloomsbury lanes) and in the lane next to me was Stephen Barclay MP. I asked him how brexit was going and he told me to “f**k off”. Do you think that’s ever acceptable for an MP especially as I had my children and dog with me...?
*farce
And yet the majority of MPs voted to trigger article 50. Legislation was introduced to facilitate leaving the EU. The two main parties both stood on a Brexit manifesto. But hey... two years on let’s get on with it.
if thats the case what do u call both parties puttin in their manifesto they would leave single market and customs union...pretty sure thats a hard brexit and 80 percent of people voted for them
I'm curious to know if it comes to a hard "no deal" Brexit on 29th March what sort of short term pain are you preparing for?
Good choices, and yeh Brexit is idiotic, but we all know that :)
Well now, Dominic Greive put cat among the pigeons - No Deal's illegal Check out ’s Tweet:
It’s the feelgood story of the year.
Yes, yes, yes!!
In case the chief whip (or Gavin) is watching I absolutely promise never ever to go on RTUK to promote Brexit again...
WE scare people saying No Deal Brexit and Hard Brexit, use Switzerland as the goal, its rich beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving! They trade in and outside of EU, and so can we. Let's put The Great back in Britain and be like Switzerland WTO (i e No Deal) is the only way forward!
They're pulling all sorts of things to subvert the Sovereign Will of the People everywhere, from stealing elections in the US to the UK's Brexit being betrayed!
Same old shite which is more lies. #Resign
Nothing irritates me more than "this Brexit I don't like isn't actually Brexit it's a BETRAYAL!!!!"
The problem is this doesn’t mean Brexit won’t happen,just a no deal Brexit.
I have seen husband and wife splitting because of Brexit. It feels like what Britain will look like
Government must work to heal rifts over #Brexit, says bishop
BBCNEWS 1:07pm BREXIT SUMMIT BUILD UP 7. EU diplomatic aides say Gibraltar las' point O! contention' ' BREXIT SUMMIT BUILD UP 7....
Surely that’s been known to be the process of Brexit? I’m no fan of Brexit or TM...but surely she’s left open all future scenarios - isn’t that actually a good thing? Maybe after WA we’d actually be able to have a proper national debate about options with pros/cons?
Easing smoothly into the empty platitude stage of Brexit
No-deal and OUT om March 2019.
you bang on about Brexit but never seem to write anything suggesting you speak a European language other than English or have any knowledge of or interest in Europe. Your lack of interest is despicable. You’re a pathetic, insular, ill-informed Little Englander
ICYMI . The Lexit agenda.
UK PM pleads public for support on Brexit deal |
Corbyn probably does understand this. A price worth paying for his socialist fantasy.
Gibraltar puts the UK between a Rock and a hard place on Brexit | John Crace | UK news | The Guardian [The Guardian]
...and the DUP shld be worried that to get this, those same Brexiteers will eventually decide to throw the DUP under the bus. They really shld have seen this coming...#Brexit
#Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit #news
And yet still Corbyn believes he can deliver a great Brexit.
#Ireland Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit deal passes #news
Citizens can directly apply to the ECJ, so it does have powers. Eu law does apply in the UK and afects the citizens directly. For example, as concerned to consumer rights. Just stating the facts,. Of course that does not mean Brexit isn't one of the most stupid ideas ever.
It clearly demonstrates that Scotland is sustainable economically? But, I have to ask, is there anything that would enhance the case for Indy for you? If Brexit isn’t giving you pause for thought then would anything?
Nothing to see here.
People’s vote MP’s concentrated in Scotland and Wales. Makes sense.
If you can, I encourage you to support 'Brexit Justice' in bringing a private prosecution against Boris Johnson, for blatantly lying about the benefits of brexit. It is part of a wider effort to improve public trust in UK politics.
interesting how mainstream politicians suddenly admit importing foreign workers is detrimental to everyone except rich execs. if they had admitted that 2 years ago maybe T wouldn't have won &amp; #Brexit wouldn't have happened
The stupidity of the bbc coverage of brexit almost compares to the stupidity of mrs may. For a change why don’t you get right wing people who know what they are talking about instead of moron leftwingers. Sort it out!!!!!
Poll: May‘s Brexit Bungle Near Universally Unpopular via
How to tighten your belt whilst BREXIT is ongoing. Family budgeting has never been so important #bloggers #pbloggers #reread
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
OMG! average house price increased by 25,000 in less than 3 years! UK house price is full of shit!
Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Me: Don’t say it Theresa: Brexit means Brexit
MAY TO BE INVESTIGATED by European Scrutiny Committee. Hoping like Hades she can B hauled over coals 4 giving a federalist EurophILe job of negotating #Brexit! MAJOR CRIME.
she a racist
Theresa May's cabinet discussing Brexit #dynasties
Great stuff. Your comment "The problem is lack of political will" is so true. Neither the EU not the UK establishment have ever really wanted a deal - they wanted to stop meaningful Brexit. If they were willing to do a deal, it could have been done ages ago.
A solution to Brexit.... On MV Bretagne. Heading south.
When Brussels decided to end tax avoiding practices within its member states, Britain decided to leave the EU. via
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Brexit protest: let's turn central London into a carpark for a couple of hours, French lorry driver style!! ....... once a week!! Who's in?? Please share and hopefully someone will take this further...... my 12 followers probably won't get too much coverage!
They're going to be crying "betrayal" when Brexit goes tits up...
No thanks. Let's remain in the EU.
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
I love a good Lib Dem meme - but this really misses a point. We aren’t - in our entirety - an ‘Anti-Brexit Centrist Party’. We aren’t even centrists in reality, we’re liberals, and it’s the liberalism that puts many of the ‘politically homeless’ remainers who aren’t liberals off
Thanks both of you. This is such an almighty mess and I live in a Brexit heartland (Kent) and need some grounds for optimism!
I would never advocate becoming less Liberal and more centrist to win more votes (Hell, I think the key to winning more votes is to be more unapologetically &amp; radically liberal) but accepting that means that we aren’t - and never will be - the Anti Brexit catch-all party
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Why May's Brexit deal is set to be defeated in Parliament
Next President of something big in Brussels ??? :-))
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Coming up at 10 - a busy programme #brexit #fridayfun #bbcnewsten
Who's going to tell him?
This is worse news than Brexit.
Bad means bad. Nobody wants Theresa May’s deal - MPs should vote it down. Thanks for articulating the ramifications of this dead deal so frighteningly clear
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Would market shock force UK parliament’s hand on Brexit?
What Brexit?
. I'm reading that at least 1 MP is planning to vote for the May Brexit plan. Please tell me (a) if this is true and (b) that they will be expelled from the party if they do.
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
You mean #brexit hasn't cancelled Christmas? ProjectFear asleep on the job!
And the joke about James Bond spending the whole two hours of the film queueing in front of Passport Control also made an appearance. Brilliant.
Insightful thread by that explains the Matthew Hedges case in context of UAE - UK relationship, and recent tensions over the Yemen war and post-Brexit ties
#Spain digs in on Gibraltar before #Brexit summit
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
More chance of getting a decent brexit deal than giving us a Decent dog tip
She’s in way too deep to do that. The Independent Brexit Inquiry when it comes will make the Iraq report look like a child’s school essay.
because it was your idea! The fact that it was ill considered and undeliverable is immaterial. Brexit means Brexit! Deal with it. If not, then lets have a #PeoplesVote
Didn't you only get one seat because Carswell left the Tories? (and then left to sit as an independent)
Depends on the version of Brexit.
"It is the regularity of common occurances that assures primitive man of a sense of security in the world. Every exceptional event seems to him the threatening act of an arbitrary power that must be expiated." #Brexit
Spanish PM threatens to snub Brexit summit over future of Gibraltar
Stop making up so many useless polls and go out and catch a movie or something, kid!
not quite they first won a general election with hard brexit policies in their manifesto
New story on #RAREPEPE Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit | The Spectator - if you want a bit of #funnyfriday reading. Between this &amp; Sammy Wilson’s rant - it’s obvious Irish gov are playing a #brexit blinder
'#Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
PM faces parliamentary 'war of attrition' to deliver Brexit
You really are after a promotion , it’s all smoke and mirrors , lots of , it’s , possible , intentions , maybe etc etc but it’s not Bloody legally binding ... the only legally binding bit is the the withdrawal agreement , stop your blatant lies and misleading #BrexitBetrayal
Brexit draft withdrawal agreement: a growing consensus on intellectual property
There never was a clean Brexit, it's that stupid fantasy that's led us to this mess. The world is laughing at us.
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
Just can't accept that Gibraltar doesn't belong to you.
Mayor of Belfast Councillor took the opportunity to challenge British Chancellor Philip Hammond on the impact of Brexit and other issues for the people and businesses of Belfast during his brief visit to Belfast City centre. #Brexit
It can't be that she's a devious liar, and that her deal is not brexit at all.. but a deal that punishes us and turns us into an EU toilet ?
Commons vote on Brexit deal is shaping up to be defining moment of May’s No 10 tenure Theresa May will go to Brussels this weekend in the sure knowledge that by far the biggest battle she faces is with her own MPs in a little over a fortnigh... #EU #EUpol
Because people like my MP were pro-Brexit and anti-PR and I still had to vote for him because he was slightly less bad than the other credible pro-Brexit anti-PR challenger. But never again.
I laughed a lot at this. Now I'm going to have a little cry.
And here is the French approach - notice the difference / stark contrast.
Reuters: Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Sorry, Brexit (March 29).
This article is free to read - just subscribe to the As I Please blog A day in the life of the European Union’s chief Brexit negotiator
The brexit deal explained in two words : It SUX.
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
I have seen few things more pathetic than #Spainish position towards #Brexit
I WAS ABOUT TO TRANSMIT THAT! YOUR TRAINING HAS SERVED YOU WELL GENERAL DAVIS. I AM *STILL* MOST DISPLEASED WITH YOUR SERVICE BUT LET US MOVE FORWARD TO DESTROY THE *REAL* BREXIT TRAITOR... THERESA MAY. JOIN ME AND BECOME A *HERO* OF THE BREXIT EMPIRE, ARISE SIR DAVID DAVIS!!
A good product sells itself. I wouldn't call either a GE or peoples vote, if you plan to "fight" for brexit. PS. Tell Arlene that, too. Demographics not looking good long term.
That is wrong in so many (legal) ways. Stop brexit.
Well-'ard Borrder! (I used to live North o'it)
You're very charitable. The Brextremists are setting things up so that if #Brexit happens they can blame the subsequent screw-up on the wrong kind of Brexit. And if we stay in the EU they can blame that on the wrong kind of Brexit deal.
Default exit means Default exit. It delivers the true Brexit.
These threads are definitely the best thing to result from Brexit. Yeah, I know. Low bar. But even so...
Simple really... Leave or Remain! In or Out! Why do Remainers find that hard to understand? When you choose to Leave, you don't stay because of ties to each other, or it's easier to stay because getting 'divorced' is complicated and will be too costly. That's Co- dependancy!
I think it's time we all brexit the illusion of materiality
Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit...
What was the result?? No one knows! Know to Brexit loons can agree!
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day &lt; this.
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
They’ve had over 2 years to come up with a credible Brexit plan have utterly failed. Game over!
Theresa May &amp; Brexit
'Sore loser!' Jo Johnson shutdown over calls for second #Brexit referendum
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit #Brexit
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic -
If a no Brexit scenario exists the governor of the bank of England says we will need bailing out by the EU bank. 6th today, not on the list at all if the Tories get their way.
Did DC offer up the #BREXIT Embassy for this Amazon Ambassador? To attract HQ2, D.C. pitched Amazon a taxpayer-funded ‘ambassador,’ one-day permit approvals via
Slightly stronger than the U.K. then! .... haven’t you learnt anything from Brexit ... your not as important as you think you are!
Brexit means Brexit as somebody said. No deal will not happen, which will stop people like you looking total idiots.
You do not speak for me Mrs May. Your cowardly acquiescence to the #ERG bully boys in your party does you no credit. You are on the wrong side of history thanks to your inability to show a degree of integrity and stick to what you know to be right regarding #Brexit. #PeoplesVote
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic #news
The various immigration, police checks that already happen at the Northern Ireland border with the Republic of Ireland #DUP18 #Brexit
Story NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
We don't need any war to beat you. You are just killing yourself eating fuckin' fish and chips...
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
11 Brexit promises the government quietly dropped
That's rediculous. We all know the people with the power and the money won't lose.
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
I wish to debate Dominic Raab on #Brexit. How do I go about arranging this?
I love how the government makes it sound like it's being generous that it won't chuck people out of the country because - how dare they - they work part time or are struggling to find a job. The government will be wanting a 'thank you' next. #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit vote will be honoured, says Diane Abbott What's this about honour after all the fraud, deception, lies etc? #StopBrexit #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #FBPE
Spot on, Brian. I think 2010-15 will go down as a particularly awful period in UK political journalism. Also see Brexit and lack of policy scrutiny - austerity, Libya, UC, various Home Office disasters.
#Spain digs in on Gibraltar before #Brexit summit
#hignfy tired old Diane Abbott joke from Ian. One poor interview from her pales into insignificance again all the brexit bullshit from other MPs in recent times!
Got to agree with you there. He needs to come out strong against this Brexit and say Remain is firmly on the table. 2.5 years of utter bollocks is enough.
Sajid Javid drops ban of .50-calibre military-grade guns that can immobilise a truck a mile away (supported by Labour) after dozens of hard Brexit Conservatives and the DUP oppose it! Good to see MPs putting the country’s interests first again!
Already blaming Remainers - May and Robbins in particular. The Leaver narrative is that they sabotaged Davis and Raab's negotiating strategy that would have given Brexiters everything they had promised. Counterfactuals will keep Brexit fantasies on life support forever.
Quite seriously I don't think Theresa May had a plan A let alone a plan B regarding Brexit as it was cobbled together as the greatest act of appeasement known to man or beast . It's not a fudge it's a thick xenophobic stew .Time to resind A50 and admit it is a catastrophic mess.
Are we supposed to feel sorry for them?
Brexit need not mean all men panels!
. I’ve just emailed my MP calling on them to stand up for environment and make sure the #EnvironmentBill protects our seas, bees and countryside after Brexit. Will you deliver a strong Bill?
Gibraltar's continued status as sovereign British territory, which has long been disputed by Spain, is but one of many extraneous factors that have impacted the ongoing Brexit negotiations between the British government and the European Union.
, can you tell us whether you Will be voting for or against the Brexit deal?
Here’s it explained by me
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit -
Because we sought mutually beneficial terms whilst they sought to play win-lose and inflict punishment. With the connivance of UK establishment which seeks to frustrate Brexit and overturn the referendum.
This was the risk, with BRexit, which we still had to take, in order for our nations to gain clarity. It is alien fascists in charge 'of the UK' who are gaining a tighter grip &amp; the #EU (of so much #waste) has always insisted on doing nothing to protect British ppl. #BRexit #UK
Live from #Brexit
#Brexit is a #knighthood tree.
This is the root of it - the language is telling; anything less than their version of Brexit is “defeat”, “surrender” “capitulation” and so on. The mindset is “we beat them twice, why are they telling us what to do?” It’s pathetic and terrifying in equal measure.
If people are unhappy with the Brexit deal, it’s because they didn’t look before they jumped It wasn’t defined. They didn’t know what they would get. They didn’t know what they were voting for All of the dissatisfaction stems from harsh realities bumping into unrealistic dreams
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
"The party will cease to be an electoral force." Stop laughing at the back. You all remember those political earthquakes where they rocked the establishment by winning *checks notes* no mps
Nigel Farage blaming ukip for the failure of brexit. NIGEL FARAGE BLAMING UKIP FOR THE FAILURE OF BREXIT. He'll even throw his own party under the bus before taking an ounce of responsibility. Just in case you needed confirmation of his complete lack of morals.
That’s London - until Brexit :(
I hope Theresa May secured a better posture in the Brexit deal.
It's a funny old game. Half the country seemed to be talking about this one.
If she messes up Brexit. Game over for them at the next general election.
The DUP is threatening to reconsider its support of the Conservative government if Theresa May's Brexit deal passes.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
#BREXIT can't come sooner! White European immigrants &amp; immigrant descendants from the Anglos to the Gypsies have been terrorising Britain for the last 1500 years. LEST WE FORGET.
“Not what they voted for” They voted for Brexit, that was it, a word there was no specifications. It was to be negotiated. Plenty of false promises but that goes with politicians and election territory.
The actual place where brexit is real...
I'm reading Spoof shop opens in Peckham to highlight Brexit food 'price rises' via the Standard app
" We still have all the rights of a member-state, including the right to change our minds and our votes, as member-states frequently do," says author of Article 50 – "I know this government can reverse Brexit if it wants to"
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Jobs first #Brexit first the jobs go, then we #Brexit please oppose #brexit completely and unequivocally.
Market in shape to #cope with #Brexit, says #report from
#BBCqt. It's a weekly farce! The point of it isn't to reflect public opinion, it's to change it to the desired Pro Brexit. Every week the audience hand chosen to weight it heavily in favour of brexit. Angry outrage to keep stoking the divisive Brexit fire.
Leaked email shows May's government plead with Scottish Conservatives to back Brexit fishing deal | Business Insider
For what it’s worth, we just spent a week in Scotland and everyone there who mentioned Brexit said they were “sold a bill of goods.” They want to vote on independence again.
"Showing a load of businessmen swigging champagne will persuade the working class Brexit voters that my sellout is good for them" Lunatic.
Customs expert backs up Lars Karlsson evidence to the stating that SPS checks in Rotterdam do not happen at the port/border but rather 40km away. #Brexit #DUP18
The eagerness of to partake in this Brexit gibberish is why the Tories will never elect him Leader.
LOL "Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists"
May believes she's got the best deal for the country. But then again, she believes there aren't 4 million children living in poverty. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #bollockstobrexit
Yet another Leave campaign failed to reach the result they wanted. So very many now: Listen please. #StopBrexit #brexit #peoplesvote
Interesting.....
The latest The Wales News Daily! Thanks to #news #brexit
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Good. Anything that is bad for Theresa May is music to my ears. There should be a concerted effort to get rid of her now and start to manage a no deal exit unless the EU are prepared to renegotiate.
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit via #breakingnews #news
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Good..Holyhead would be one of the biggest losers in brexit ...my 30 years in Freight/Road Haulage from long ago now
EU wants closest possible partnership with Britain after Brexit -... You mean full control over the UK. Dictating how we live ,eat and breathe
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
They are no more architects of this deal than Lutyens was the architect of Liverpool Metropolitan Cathedral; or (perhaps more to the point) Soane was the architect of the new Palace of Westminster.
Do you have a special Brexit dictionary where the definition of the word electorate is only votes cast, rather than the actual definition which is all those eligible to vote?
Wow, that Brexit thing is really happening, ur even trying to take full custody our "kid" Gibraltar. UK, as EU we should now tell u that we faked all our orgasms.Oh, and we signed a trade agreement with Japan who is tender &amp; considerate and does trade all night long
What the Sydney Opera House teaches us about Brexit via
Brexit negotiations, the real or possible adoption of legally binding or not-binding deals, and further developments and potential outcomes...
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
40 reasons not to back this brexit deal ://standup4brexit.com/2018/11/debunked-40-reasons-to-back-the-brexit-deal/
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should your last act (before you're sacked, or resign) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ??? PS - ask Philip about hedging.
'Brexit Secretary' lol, Olly Robbins lapdog more like, silly twat
Lies, lies, capitulation, lies, lies, surrender, lies, lies, remain, more lies, lies.... there you go explained even quicker #FakeBrexitDeal
"proper" BREXIT as dictated by the democratic referendum question and response?
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Yes! BBC treat East Anglia and the East generally as some quaint outpost it often feels like. Where strange UKIPpers roam, and people love Brexit.
From the being again. Obama for remain. Trump Putin for Brexit. Im with Obama. Corbyn campaigned for remain. I'm with Obama and Corbyn. Don't conflate with wars!
MAY TO BE INVESTIGATED by European Scrutiny Committee. Hoping like Hades she can B hauled over coals 4 giving a federalist EurophIle job of negotating #Brexit! MAJOR CRIME. #borisjohnson #Brexit
'Listen no more here' fixed it
New: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
And did he come with thirty pieces of silver
Becoming officially xenophobic little englanders was much more easily achieved than the 'most tolerant' 'best country in the world' self-myth made people think for a couple decades... #brexit
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Wise words. I've been caught in middle of disputes &amp; trying to mediate is so hard, with parties diametrically opposed &amp; unwilling to forgive (goes beyond Brexit). Empathy &amp; contextual understanding are essential, but sometimes people can't get past anger/pain/fear. Takes time.
Yeah, and shoot themselves in the left one... #Brexit
"omg guys I have the best idea how to stop Trump. Build the wall and he will shut up! Woohoo. I am smart." -Hillary (basically)
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
I'm going to go out on a limb and say the margin for error needs to be very high to save Theresa's bacon.
One of the many things that boils my beans about #brexit is how shyster politicians keep banging on about adherence to the ‘democratic’ will of the people, when in any other scenario they’d dump an election promise quicker than you could say ‘Situational ethics’
Opinion: It's crunch time, Corbyn. You need to talk about Brexit and quickly
17m brexit voters 49m voters why should 17m rule 49m ,there is 66m uk humans most where stopped by ex tory pm
Here is Lars Karlsson &amp; both telling the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee that a frictionless NI-ROI border without infrastructure is possible within the transition #Brexit #DUP18
you live on the fear of Brexit. No job for you in the EU parliament. Read my comments on your left wing views. You are so sad lamb chop!! A true anti-British nobody!!
Thanks. I have my PR because of my Swedish heritage so I'm hoping the queue time might be less. (fingers crossed) My sis and bro in a similar position to me got theirs in a few months. But that was about 1.5 years ago. I'm sure Brexit will be adding to the waiting lists
Totally Agree and THERE can be NO DOUBT that THERESA MAY has got Münchausen syndrome with BREXIT she is doing a factitious disorder with BREXIT to draw attention to obtain sympathy to herself put her in an NHS Hospital
Typical right, politicising disabled &amp; child poverty to score political points on Brexit.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Shit just got real ....
It's official, France is now better than Britain. #brexit #ExitFromBrexit #PeoplesVote
And we are the majority now.
. because of threats to backstop, Theresa May, no authority. No Brexit deal. Stop all negotiations. Corruption has its price.
Keep it up Alan! Even if the feckers keep winning let's go down swinging. You are doing something no-one else is: shining a light on arcane, technical, massively important matters that otherwise get ignored in our irideemably shallow brexit Britain. Courage mon brave!
Ranil isn't really comfortable with answering correspondence from Remainers about Brexit.
UK Alternative Finance Market Grows 35% Aided by Institutional Participation, Some Segments Slow &amp; Brexit Concerns ... - Crowdfund Insider #CrowdfundingNews
Brexit
If a worthless globbet of sputum like Farage can campaign for 20 years to get his fantasy Brexit, I don't see why people expect us to falter.
Will it be a general election, no deal or a new Brexit referendum? Here's a guide to the potential mayhem
Britain’s conservatives are melting down over Theresa May’s draft #Brexit agreement, says columnist
You must be trying to start a nuclear war between UK &amp; USA, with your brown sauce. Next you'll be telling us that under Theresa May, Brexit means Brexit. PS, here's how you eat the BLAST sammich:
Not only did Scouting for Girls cause Brexit but I also have it on very good authority that they were balls deep in shitty mortgage-backed securities in 2007
If you’re a Lecturer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
More spin from number 10. They are trying to bend every truth. The facts are the facts. It's a bad deal and must be binned. Keep up the good fight Mr Rees-Mogg. Your voice speaks for the 17.4 M that believe in Brexit
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
We scare people saying No Deal Brexit/Hard Brexit, use Switzerland as the goal, its rich beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving! They trade in &amp; outside of EU, &amp; so can we. Let's put The Great back in Britain and be like Switzerland, NoDeal= WTO the only way forward! Clean healthy living!
NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Where will I get my grenades from now?! Let’s call the whole thing off.
#isitok #HIGNFY tonight nicked YOUR brexit/sign-language joke from last week? #getyourownjokesbbc
There's a mechanism, same as the 2016 ref, there's just no time. EU Referendum Bill cleared Parl in May 2015. It needed a year for primary legislation, setting the question, campaigning, informing public, printing/distributing ballots, etc etc etc. There are 4 months to brexit.
NPR News: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Brexit is about independence A flat earth is a conspiracy theory One is a fact, the other isn't Facts don't come easy to remainers though, do they?
nytimes: Theresa May began a last-ditch appeal to a constituency she hoped might save her Brexit plan: voters so fed up with negotiations that they would back whatever is on the table
The British people felt they were being ignored pre referendum by the establishment , we are still being ignored now.
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Trending on NPR, Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
At least if Brexit is cancelled, you can go live in France.
New story on about #Technology &amp; #Culture: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Disgusting please stop this
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
That would be ideal, but I wouldn't get too excited yet. So much damage already done and division
LibDems will keep the NHS and because they’ve always been anti-Brexit they’ll keep the staff without which the NHS can’t survive.
So glad it’s not Brexit related!
The Brexit Fantasy Goes Down in Tears | The New Yorker
BLUF: I think that a lot of the GBP will support May's deal, in the (misguided) belief that it offers a way to never hear about this annoying Brexit stuff again. Whether that's enough to allow her to deliver that deal is another matter.
Labour have shot themselves in both feet at the last minute by backing any form of Brexit when they should have appreciated the population have turned against it... How brain-numbingly stupid to campaign actively for something that will definitely lose them the next election.
Check mate !
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Only british would go to war for a piece of rock with asshole monkeys.
All it was in the end was a May political Broadcast on behalf of the undemocratic EU.
The default exit means default exit it delivers the true Brexit.
If it’s the that’s tweeting this we must now ask if the guide has been written by or as their bias is unbelievable! Best check facts with the or not to be trusted any more!
What would this expert know?
I think it's clear what has been happening - the establishment never wanted brexit and has made it as distasteful as possible - but then it is not advantageous for the UK to be disengaged from the EU for anyone - really - we just need to be better negotiators inside the EU.
Want be Republic of Ireland soon your being integrated into new emerging EU super State - Eire Parliament has no say on Brexit under EU Law...
Need to get Health Sec in urgently as looks like PM has first signs of Dementia.BIG NOTE she is afraid to appear on any TV channel except The State Broadcasting Corporation which Supreme Leader May issued Diktat Stating they must push 4 #Brexit
In these awful times, there's always
I agree with .. keep tommy robinson out of UKIP he will put the party in further decline.
Tory MP Knighthood for voting for Brexit can Theresa May be charged under the 2010 Bribery Act Section 1.. person offers, gives or promises to give a "financial or other advantage" to another individual in exchange for "improperly" performing a "relevant function or activity".
Fact-checking was discredited enough before partisans started ruining the brand themselves, too.
#Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
CBI caught lying about its support for Brexit. Endless duplicity; what is really behind it?
The phrase we would agree with you, but then we would both be wrong, seems fitting to general Brexit back and forth exchanges. Seems nobody won though....
Here is the real explanation:
+ B R E X I T + #Democracy also means freedom to change your opinion. If voters decide to support this mess, then so be it. If not, be it too. #SecondReferendum #Brexit
So I’ve been offered a knighthood if I vote for this godawful Brexit Deal.
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Stop now all handouts and investigate Phil May.
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
May defends #Brexit deal
it can deliver Brexit. The alternative is remaining forever.
I left the Tory Party in 2012 when I finally and reluctantly conceded that it could not be trusted on the EU issue. Sadly, my decision has been totally vindicated by the May débâcle. I could imagine returning, but only if they had a Brexiteer leader who was a real conservative.
Looks like May's going for a hard #Brexit. A general election is almost inevitable. #JC4PM #GeneralElectionNow
Yeah I'm 100% against Mays deal, I've made that very clear .... I support No Deal (WTO Rules). My point is that I would support anyone EVEN Labour if they offered a FULL Brexit
Theresa May's new EU approved Brexit deal is not Brexit. If the EU likes it, it's bad for the UK. It must be defeated.
Never thought I'd RT him....
England- just. But that won't make Brexit any more sense.
Absolutely.
Brexit deal: Government exploring extra DUP assurances, says Chancellor
This is total rubbish served up as fodder for the Left. There's nothing radical about . Tax cuts for the wealthy while leaving the benefits freeze in place; £11.2bn on student fees while leaving Sure Starts closures in place. And #Brexit.
"in market checks". Lars Karlsson &amp; Hans Massen both used similar solutions applied to the NI-ROI land border rather than GB-NI very similar to the "in market" checks that Michel Barnier had suggested #Brexit #DUP18
The new Brexit Secretary...
Another sell out of the people who stood by us.
Your statement is total bollox. Much like the reasons you were lied to about for leaving the EU. You are or closest neighbours and friends. Of course we don't like Brexit...it's going to be a clusterfuck...like your friends divorcing cause 1 has had psychotic delusional breakdown
#Spain threatens to veto #Brexit agreement over Gibraltar
Interesting question
If the 3 nations of Great Britain plus Northern Ireland stay in the European Union - it is on the condition that English political leaders like Corbyn &amp; May never say “we have an agenda to reform the EU”. One arrogant mention of the ‘reform’ word and it’s au-revoir Brexit Buckos.
The Telegraph pushed Brexit at the behest of their owners, the weird “Channel Islands based”, Barclay twins. The Telegraph will reap the resulting shitstorm.
Great analogy of #Brexit by ... Especially the end line from #Backstop
How many of these monsters have being successfully prosecuted in the UK? A £50 million attempt to deflect from #Brexit .
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
"breaking" down? Not "already split worse than an egg after ten minutes in a microwave"?
There is still the Norway-style alternative to May’s #Brexit deal #EFTA #EEA via
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic #freeticketmaxims #Updates #FTM
The latest A Level Government &amp; Politics! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Does Mrs May even know she won't be able to retire until she's 66/67? Too busy with Brexit I'm afraid.
We scare people saying No Deal Brexit/Hard Brexit, use Switzerland as the goal, its rich beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving! They trade in &amp; outside of EU, &amp; so can we. Let's put The Great back in Britain and be like Switzerland, NoDeal= WTO the only way forward! Clean healthy living!
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Just go, see what I care lol
As A Cancer Researcher, Brexit Makes Me Fearful For Our Future Health
Sensible words!
Even agreed with Ken Clarke on this, which is very rare since Brexit!
A big loss looks pretty likely. So many Tories think her deal isn’t Brexit plus a few remainers. Hardly any Labour rebels. Number supporting stand up for Brexit 57 and counting. Numerous others pledged to vote against. Looks like what the French would call a baroud d’honneur.
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Gibraltar rocks final stages of #Brexit negotiation
It's nice to have a laugh, even when you see your brexit dreams unravelling. Well done. That's a positive way to deal with a bad situation.
This Brexit isn’t what you voted for. No trade with Europe at all. Don’t even look at them. And tow the island nearer N America. Canada ++++
Preparing Sunday mornings sermon and I’m thinking about using an illustration about Brexit. Should I use it?
What a hero! Thanks to his commitment to our country and all of us!
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic This weekend, the European Union's 27 nations vote on the Brexit agreement negotiated with the United Kingdom. The next big hurdle is the British Parliament.
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Yes. It is worse than remain. It’s also a shit load better than a hard Brexit. In terms of GDP: Remain = no change. May’s plan = -2%, Hard Brexit = -8%. It’s the best bad option.
My MP is Oliver Letwin Cuts his conscience to fit this year's fashion - always toes the party line. Fancies himself as a Mr Fixit to get the leadership out of trouble eg
Brits were killed on MH17. Isn't European Court of Human Rights what Mrs May &amp; #Brexit -ers want to ditch?
You damn hypocrite. You had a former member of the National Front as an advisor in Thanet in 2015. Have you read the Koran? It's all in there the child sex, rape, murder. You are on the wrong side on this.
That's what I voted for as well. But we been duped by a lying PM, hopefully the house of commons will see the light. We should not fear the EU. Let's just leave then let the EU come to us to negotiate.
The former secretary of state thinks Europe needs to “get a handle” on immigration reform in order to fend off another Brexit.
Priceless! Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
I reckon she might withdraw Article 50 and then resign.
#PrimeMinister this government is incapable on delivering a Brexit that the British people voted for this deal is not in the interests of the people more of a prime minister in denial why is her government falling apart and will not go through parliament I hope it is rejected..
Firms relocate to Europe pre #Brexit #itvnews #channel4news #c4news #bbcpapers #skypapers #bbcqt #r4today #marr #bbcaq #BBCR4today #Newsnight #bbcdp #bbcsp #GMB #PoliticsLive #bbcaq #ITN
We scare people saying No Deal Brexit/Hard Brexit, use Switzerland as the goal, its rich beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving! They trade in &amp; outside of EU, &amp; so can we. Let's put The Great back in Britain and be like Switzerland, NoDeal= WTO the only way forward! Clean healthy living!
Brexit, exit...it.....t...t....and the only guarantee is the sun will rise in the morning and set in the evening. Chill out people and learn to love.
Can someone enlighten me as ti why Robbins is still at number 10, allegations of abuse against female MP's should be enough to have him suspended.
The obvious problem is that the election will be AFTER May has failed to Brexit. Many who dont follow politics are still going on her Lancaster House speech which has long since gone down the shitter. Like the Tories will soon.
With all this Brexit business you are the only person reporting. thank you. Sad as the Grenfell enquiry so important to report as it is showing number of failing.
Notes From The Two Party System: Conceding the center allows the opposition to move to their extreme 100% of the time.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
We had a referendum vote. We then had GE vote. The first cost £9m to spell out what Brexit means. The 2nd was on manifestos of respecting Brexit. May stands in Parl "Brexit means Brexit" Only an utter moron translates that to surrender the whole UK to German control!
#boughtandsold this man’s no knight, he a fuckin #flybynight
Disgrace to the regiment and the empire?? How dare you sir!! I’m certainly not demeaning our nation better than the brexit mob!
“My Government will always defend the interests of Spain”. Politics | News |
You don't me "no words", you mean "missing the words that put the quote in context".
No wonder he is keeping your mouth shut on #Brexit then - #Tamworth #Leave never voting for him again
The rigour of certain journalists beautifully illustrated in a single tweet.
I assume that you mean full English Brexit?
Nobody asked for your view as you do not have any right to support or veto the Brexit deal. Having said that, this Gibraltar thing and the way Sánchez have approached it, shows how important nationalism is becoming, how many votes they get by exalting national identities.
The constituents in Castle Point need to know what our MP's view is on this Chas. If it's backing May are the local constituency looking to de-select? Brexit was in the Conservative manifesto if I am not mistaken. This is not Brexit...So is our MP backing the May version or not?
"a Frankenstein's monster, a broken, grotesque invention, stumbling around, half-alive...”? That’s enough of #TheresaMay. What about her #Brexit plan?
Theresa is a liar. This is a conspiracy and you're part of it Mr Cleverly. You never intended to deliver Brexit so why don't you take your reassurance and put it where the sun don't shine.
Theresa May’s shambolic Brexit deal VS The Damning UN report on UK poverty that shames this government.
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
I would bet money the Brexshit deal of May will get approved in the Commons She is bribing left right and centre... and in the end the Brexiteers know Brexit happens in no way at all if they dont vote for it. They will claim it's better than nothing. What a joke
True. #Brexit is a lose-lose situation for whole #Europe.
Jesus fucking Christ, this made me spit my beer out with laughter. But yeah you're right and I'm going to chuck it in to tonights inevitable Brexit conversation when it inevitably gets mentioned by some of the local village racists.
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
You mean like brexit? Sure seems like a conspiracy. Theresa may was always strongly remain like our husband. From any astute mind its hard too see how checkers w.a isn't betrayal of the highest order
Brexit won’t happen, Nigel. People have moved on. It’s all about nonce-bashing now. Get on board, or get bashed.
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
We scare people saying No Deal Brexit/Hard Brexit, use Switzerland as the goal, its rich beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving! They trade in &amp; outside of EU, &amp; so can we. Let's put The Great back in Britain and be like Switzerland, NoDeal= WTO the only way forward! Clean healthy living!
We're in safe hands #brexit #breakfast #hardborder #hardboiledegg
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Brexit ladies drinking club needed.
There isn't a deal yet. There is the draft of a withdrawl agreement. Maybe on Sunday a withdrawl agreement. Or in other words: nothing but the expression of political intentions. And May's "Brexit deal in 60 seconds" is nothing but wishful thinking. An illusion. Yet again.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Pants to Brexit
Another superlative piece from . There are so many highlights but likening Theresa May to Gromit on a runaway train and using “political mindfulness” to take pleasure in the fact that Rees-Mogg appears to have shat the bed probably win it.
Because it is so wholly dreadful that everyone from Dominic Raab to John Mcdonnell and Kate Hoey to Boris Johnson despise it???
Take your full English Brexit and put it in the bin. Twice.
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
next part of a to z free blog for money : Global Market Bounce Feeble Amid Tech Outflows and Brexit Uncertainty #wanitaxigo
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic #News #NPR
next part of a to z free blog for money : Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Brexit Battle Has Only Just Started for PM May #wanitaxigo
Brexit means proper border control. If that pains you, let’s have a duo with you and Lily Allen taking people into yours?
Apparently on prisons only not brexit no need to make a big thing out of it in not a UKIP supporter yet
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic thanks to #greengroundit
Will you accept the lives of thousands of vulnerable on your hands? Any sort of brexit will kill the new poor, there is nothing in place to save the lives of the most vulnerable. The world knows of the callousness of this Tory Govt since UN report on UK poverty was published.
For the future of this country, for our future and that of the next generations, we must fight to make sure this happens.
She’ll make him Lord Corbyn of Islington if he does.
#News via #NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
The UK brand will suffer if parliament accepts the agreement. If parliament rejects the agreement, our brand will go through the roof. And that is our major asset as a nation. #brexit
I think Farage has been bribed as well. To pick up fights with Batten now when Brexit is under threat? But what happens when Lords are abolished? Bc it is gonna happen. If ppl can rip up smash take down art and historical monuments, Lords' days are numbered
This is how the Brexit deal is gonna end... !!!
Further detail on insolvency during the transition period - #EU #brexit #insolvency
There is no Parliamentary majority for any of this economically-illiterate xenophobic nonsense. May will be gone before long and so will Brexit.
Listen you #Brexit deceivers in Parl giving the Ppl a #PeoplesVote &amp; a #StopBrexit option Thwarts nothing MPs backing it aren't Thwarting anything Ppl backing it aren't Thwarting anything A vote simply allows the Ppl to Thwart it if a majority want to. You are Thwarting the Ppl
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU | Feeling a little lost about what is going on with Brexit? Here are answers to the simplest questions. |
The rhetoric of self-preservation: Brexit and blame avoidance - good piece this.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU | Feeling a little lost about what is going on with Brexit? Here are answers to the simplest questions. |
Britain’s conservatives are melting down over Theresa May’s draft Brexit agreement, says columnist
A special place in hell is being set aside for Corbynistas like &amp; who cowardly supported this right wing Brexit coup &amp; the defenestration of workers rights; failing to side with the progressive alliance resisting racism &amp; nationalism
A tosser with a basic command of written English. You're just thick. Makes perfect sense you'd support brexit. Good job it was an x or a tick in the box, otherwise there'd only have been about 10 votes in favour of brexit.
SPS checks are not bound by any international law to be located at the border. Rotterdam SPS checks happen 40km from the border according to customs experts Lars Karlsson &amp; Hans Massen #Brexit #DUP18
mmm your pessimism is perhaps warranted, if it's not direct rule that kicks off the troubles again it will be no deal brexit
If you are racist, at least try to be funny
The inside story of how Theresa May survived her most dangerous week yet
I have ,.... she is a liar who wants us to crash out with no deal
The inside story of how Theresa May survived her most dangerous week yet
It is now a given that Theresa May's #brexit deal will not get through parliament. So can we please stop talking about it and focus on what comes next. How we stop #ManagedNoDeal turning into #NoBrexitAtAll. #skypapers #tomorrowspaperstoday #marr #ridge #peston
Catalonia distances itself from Spain, aligns itself with the UK over Brexit
May under pressure from fishing communities over Brexit deal – ‘She's an idiot or a liar'
We scare people saying No Deal Brexit/Hard Brexit, use Switzerland as the goal, its rich beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving! They trade in &amp; outside of EU, &amp; so can we. Let's put The Great back in Britain and be like Switzerland, NoDeal= WTO the only way forward! Clean healthy living!
EU will offer no better Brexit deal if current one is rejected, says May
Absolutely disgusting. Tories killing this country. Forget Brexit get our own house in order first. People like this poor girl and her family will continue to suffer whilst they are in power. Disgusting scheme this UC milarky. you ought to be ashamed. Disgusting.
Your at-a-glance guide to discussing #Brexit in the pub.
Northern French Ports Ready to Ease Congestion from Any Brexit Fallout – gCaptain
Great analogy of #Brexit by ... Especially the end line from #Backstop
Crazy clackwanker is my new favourite phrase
We’ve looked at the various Brexit deals very closely, but could it just be that there’s some form of US-UK agreement in place in case it falls through? The US could bale out Britain in return for a huge foothold in Europe…
Brexit means spokeswoman
Knock me down with a feather
Raw Politics: Brexit breakthrough, Aquarius migrant ship, Irish FM
Spot on...
Brexit a dead horse
Excellent. I believe Brexit and this are tied together. Can you vote to stop Brexit please Kate? Thanks, a constituent.
I support Victoria in the way she is making her protest against Brexit. I find her believe that a person especially women should be free to do what they like with their bodies even if its against what the government &amp; society deems right to be particularly inspiring.
Ex-pat Irish. NI is my main Brexit concern, but it's all worrisome.
UK followers &amp;
seems that is all part of Mrs May's brexit business plan she wants to take the country to bankruptcy and then move on to better things
'The job of the church is not to be a faintly Left-wing lobbying group for a slightly more redistributive tax policy or a more European focused Brexit deal. The job of the church is to point to God’s kingdom.'
I don't believe a word
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
'Mayhem'
Theresa May refuses 3 times to deny she'll resign if her Brexit deal is defeated
Brexit is the shittiest Seinfeld episode ever. Won’t someone just say out loud that Brit culture was hacked and Russia tricked them into secession? What keeps the elephant in the room hidden.
because people watched too many michael caine movies, too much zulu, and many think there's some noble thing in a random 'underdog' meets empire move... delusion has many sources, one day may need to do a thread on this... #brexit
Nigel is in USA HE RAN TURNED HIS BACK ON HIS OWN A. COWARD SO WHO CARES WHAT HE SAYS U WAY BETTER THAN EVEN HE WAS
Because most of not all of these countries have failed in their own right. They have either lost a war, been invaded, experienced fascism, experienced Communism, get free money from us or some combination of all of the above. Britain has never had any of those problems. #Brexit
Spain will veto Brexit 'if there are no changes' – PM — RT UK News
Here’s an idea to focus MPs &amp; Civil Servants minds re Brexit! If we remain in the EU and their vast bureaucracy we no longer need Parliament or the Civil Service as a vassal State. All responsibilities can go regional
He’s not swinging. He’s capitulating to May’s deal. And planning to live in Ireland who are hurt most by Brexit. You would have thought he would work to stop it.
May and the Conservative party machine is treating the British Public like mushrooms, they are trying to keep us in the dark and feed us bullshit. No matter how much propaganda they put out we will not be fooled. Give us the Brexit your manifesto promised and the Brexit we demand
Agree 100%
Theresa May refuses to rule out quitting as Prime Minister if her Brexit deal falls via
We THE PEOPLE are relying on YOU to do something to STOP this. Be Warned, It will be War if allowed to happen. (Not incitement before the Thought Police try to insinuate so.) Betray the British at your Peril. Democracy Must prevail.
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic #Brexit
Right, time to create The Rt Hon Viscount Wilson of Bangor...
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Let’s hear you talk about Brexit mate ffs
See NIAC this week where Lars Karlsson &amp; Hans Massen both said a frictionless NI-ROI border without infrastructure is possible within the transition period #Brexit #DUP18
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war' The Jumblies leading #Brexit and the self destruction of Britain
After Brexit – the UK’s trading landscape via
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Grace Blakeley, putting the case for the left embracing Brexit Labour could not implement it's agenda for chamge.
#Brexit : Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU - BBC News. A buggers muddle to say the least
Best guess? You mean like the eventual outcome of Brexit?
If someone feels remorse about things they've reported, then they have not being reporting things truthfully. There is no journalists in the BBC left, it's just lackies now. #bbc
The latest The Haggerston Tearoom Daily! Thanks to #blackfriday #brexit
Are you listening ???
The only thing SHE &amp; ALL MP's should keep at the forefront of their minds is DEMOCRACY &amp; what it means if they betray it!
French Company, British Jobs. Not anything to do with Brexit. Peugeot's UK Vauxhall to cut more jobs at Ellesmere Port car plant
brexit should top of nigels agenda whats he doing
This Tory government just keeps getting dirtier by the hour, the putrid stench emanating from No10 can not be ignored for much longer! The Wicked Witch of number 10 must go and take her Brexit with her. An apt stage direction in this time of Pantomime would be (Exit stage right).
Get her out before she kills this country, in the name of god go woman!!
Some would not all. EU Ref. was peoples' opp. to say in or out of EU. We are deeply affected. PM Cam pledged there would B NO 2ND REF. Decision would be final. It is vital for democracy that this is adhered to, May a disgrace. Ruining Britain, #Brexit
That burned out shell could be a metaphor for such is the cyanide threat from . Can I again reach out to , please, #breakthesilence on this enormous public health risk.
The core states in the Commonweath will wonder what's the point in keeping it afloat if its guiding force ends up as a EU protectorate.
Good luck with that.
Hain. Idiot. Undemocratic idiot (given the overwhelming wishes of Gibraltarians). How about Spain give back Ceuta and its other Mediterranean territories? Hypocrites.
Lively &amp; informative debate today w/ #Labour 's shadow small business minister MP to discuss #Brexit &amp; the future of #SMEs Thanks to all those who came from across the region &amp; sectors #WestMidlands great turnout from the #BlackCountry &amp; also #Stoke
That’s the story of the British motor industry. The danger now is that with slim margins anything that adds cost - like Brexit - will strangle our remaining manufacturers. Vauxhall Opel lost money for GM for years so PSA must cut costs and it makes UK factories an easy target. 2
On the contrary, May appointed Fox, Johnson and Davis to make sure this excuse wouldn’t hold water. And it doesn’t.
Love this article but especially ‘pretend aristocrat Jacob Rees-Mogg, a sort of Talentless Mr Ripley’
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype | John Lichfield
It won't exist post #Brexit. We'll have to be content with black turnipday
I met her once, not impressed, she seemed rather desperate to be noticed, she clearly lied about her politics to get the nomination
Or maybe we would have done even worse had we not been anti-Brexit? Or maybe it made no difference?
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war' . In one respect, the Brexiteers are more revolutionary – and perhaps more dangerous – than Donald Trump.
The “better deal” is the one we have....the sooner everyone realises that the better we will all be. #Brexit
UK followers &amp;
Here’s what we do. Tell Davidson he’s on IACGMOOH and then fly him to that Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands and film his death by bow and arrow. Then replay it every night on TV before the news. I’m sure we’d all chip in for the air fare and it’d certainly soften the blow of Brexit.
The DUP will 'look again' at its support of May's government if the #Brexit deal passes?
Every MP now has enough information and proof that Brexit is hugely damaging to be able to stand their ground under scrutiny. This will be their making, not their downfall.
The latest The Ms M Daily! #bbctw #brexit
Please, please, please let this be true!!
Ed, please point out in my tweet where I said the British colonialism was a good thing? I was simply stating a fact Britain was a major colonial power and May's dreadful Brexit deal leaves the UK subject to EU laws without a seat at the table.
Things are bad enough with Brexit without asking towns to rename and farmers need to make a living. #wool #woolwich #VeganWool
your colleague D Rab admits the deal is worse than staying in. Don't support this sham deal that cedes control to the EU for so little. Given your hard brexit view this cannot be palatable to you.
Good, bring May down
Majority of Brits now against Brexit and back second EU referendum - Sky Data poll
UK caught between a rock and a hard place over Brexit deal
Just putting this out there in case it's not all over the papers. Shameful.
Who voted back then isn't relevant. Relevant is that today a large number of people changed their mind. People who didn't vote then may vote now and newly 18 years old can now vote. If Brexit is so great, let's ask the people what they think.
Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit deal passes - Reuters
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
The government said that WTO trade was fine, forgetting we trade under the EU schedule and will need our own after Brexit. Problem is several countries are threatening to block us over various grievances, one of which is the Falklands.
Will it be a general election, no deal or a new Brexit referendum? Here's a guide to the potential mayhem
&amp; Extreme Socialism, the politics of envy (UK version from career backbencher led ) which crashes &amp; burns when it runs out of everybody else’s hard earned cash NO #Lexit #Brexit
You don't mean "no words", you mean "missing the words that put the quote in context". Accuracy, scientists. Accuracy.
Breakingviews - Brexit vote plan is more twerp than TARP If they were Americans they'd just delay, delay, delay, try and look busy. After a while do something piddly and claim a victory.
I do partially agree that Brexit must be the focus at the moment.
This is damn well right.
Up to you to save conservative party and democracy get rid of her
You are all being played by the The establishment has been working to overturn brexit result since Leave vote was announced so dont feel so triumphant about it. Why else such an absolutely atrociously bad negotiated so called deal by our PM...?!
Pleased to have you with us!
Raab thinks Mays Brexit deal is worse than remaining in the EU! What kind of people vote for these Tory morons? GE NOW! #GTTO
Also goes for foreign businesses with a UK base... they won’t be here for long if any Brexit or Lexie deal goes through. That even applies to Rolls-Royce and Jaguar-LandRover...
The corruption in this Tory Govt makes us look like a banana republic or even worse...buying vote with knighthoods! Appalling.
When everything is weird.
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
Here’s an idea to focus MPs &amp; Civil Servants minds re Brexit! If we remain in the EU and their vast bureaucracy we no longer need Parliament or the Civil Service as a vassal State. All responsibilities can be directed to County Councils and City Mayors!
This Irishman believes that provides a substandard education which has given the U.K. #Brexit Your f**kwits include: And a cast of thousands You simply hand out firsts on the basis of class and birth!!
“The consequences of Brexit for the French and European financial sectors” by F. #vVILLEROY, , Paris, 23 Nov. 2018:
Shit deal. But, oh so much, better than a hard Brexit.
Poll finds May preferred to Corbyn and Tory rivals as PM via Even with the Brexit debacle TM is doing better than the elderly Comrade.
In 2016 I told Theresa May I wanted to leave my house although I expected the alternative she offered me would be better. After a two year wait she's found this hovel that I refuse to move to and now she tells me I can't change my mind. Either I accept it or I'm homeless! Brexit!
#Real #people just #made the #PM #squirm over Brexit - 5 ways it was one long cringe
Good for you! Many of us Patriotic Brits are sick of Brexit obsessives wrecking our country. European countries should stand together to counter China, Russia &amp; Trump!
#Brexit WTO outcome likely as PM’s incompetent negotiations fail. There’s hope. We’ll be FULLY clear of #EU, free to trade globally &amp; can negotiate from strength with saved £39b to cushion. Unilateral no-tariff free trade policy in Ireland ensures no hard border on our side.
Because it does not guarantee that we will ever leave the #EU. Also, we have agreed to pay the EU money we do not owe. #Brexit
Indeed. I've even seen a tweet blaming Remainers for making the world so complicated and erecting all these obstacles to an easy cake&amp;eat-it2 Brexit
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
We've had over two years of Brexit pain already, but you see nothing. High street decimated but nothing to do with you. It will. Never be enough for the toxic zealots who will just double and triple down everytime their latest idea goes poof.
May is too busy concentrating on her EU post that she will take up shortly to care about your political career. She has to deliver the UK into EU vassalage safely before standing down on health grounds. #RejectTheDeal
Remainers, read this carefully. This is not an opinion this is a fact
Well, avoiding all the hassle created by Brexit for a start! Not to mention benefitting from the reawakening of an understanding of the value of EU membership in the U.K. Our children should have the chance to avoid repeating our mistakes and to contribute to Europe’s renewal.
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
The latest The Finns Daily! Thanks to #brexit #job
And when Theresa May and the Tories leave the stage, please ask them to take Brexit with them
Totally agree - we need total clean sweep after Brexit business finalised for a while !
Then let’s have the second referendum. If you are right, Brexit would be secure and unchallenged.
“Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote” The ‘corruption’ in all this is sickening
The chancellor said that we Brexit but we will be worse off financially. The ex Brexit minister admitted also that the current deal is worse than staying in the EU. . I am sure we don’t need to ask the people again. Surely their will is still to leave.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Let's help the #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
Poll: May‘s Brexit Bungle Near Universally Unpopular via
Best Reactions to Theresa May Brexit deal: via
It’s a nonsense to ‘appeal’ to us, but not give us a say.
Nice. But let’s do a proper Brexit first
Hans Maessen absolutely clear that the Northern Ireland border can remain exactly as it is now without the backstop and only requires a new admin system put in place (estimates less than 2 years) #Brexit #DUP18
What genuine, no-bullshit ambition on climate change would look like #brexit
Nah, she's just kidding. Why would we go to a war with you? Don't worry and go back to sleep, amigos.
Gibraltar monkeys will save UK from a hard-to-swallow agreement?
New post (Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar) has been published on Daily top pop -
It's not been pretty as of late and there's been a lot of negative impact already, most of the things about leaving were lies and we have an indefinite mimic plan until quote '20xx' NTSC for EU is to join the rest of the world and i dont think we're gonna get that with brexit
Ich mag das -Video: Can the UK Undo Brexit &amp; Stay in the EU? - Brexit Explained
'Sore LOSER!' Jo Johnson SHUTDOWN over calls for second Brexit referendum -
Last night of the Brits: Oh Britannia, Britannia rules the „what“? - #WillyWimmer #UK #Brexit #EU
Since the #Brexit #WA was released I have been waiting and asking for my Conservative MP’s view on it - for me as a #Leave voter and as #Tamworth who voted Leave - guess this is why he hasn’t said anything at all except yes please to his Knighthood. Makes me sick #ChrisPincher
Poor old Dominic, if only he'd been given the opportunity to influence the process in some way... oh hang on #Brexit
Good for Theresa, she's united the country. Now we all hate her Brexit deal.
incorrect link
Spanish PM Sánchez on Fri evening: “We still haven’t got sufficient guarantees on Gibraltar. They’re still not sufficient and that’s why Spain is maintaining its veto over the Brexit deal" h/t
This is the singer from Wheatus- Teenage Dirtbag. "I got two tickets to Iron Maiden baby, come with me Friday don't say maybe.." Why on earth was he discussing Brexit?
And he helped broker the deal!
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Labour would have won the last election if they'd backed Remain. I hope they go for it this time. More Tory Brexit or Labour Remain? Easy choice.
Yes just 40 to 50 years after they claim. The same time Norway has built up a nice we fund on the back of their oil. It was terrible reporting during a major political period. See big Brexit bus or the vow for more examples.
He’s one of life’s failures. He’s never excelled at anything and lasts till he gets found out. He’s garnered a cult of glassy eyed mouth breathers due to his anti Brexit stance and this is the reason #lbc keep him on. Good audience=good advertising revenue #followthemoney
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Spanish PM warns of no EU summit without Gibraltar deal via
Jo Johnson interview: 'We must have a second referendum. This Brexit deal is a catastrophe for the country'' | via
Most of the 52% - including all my friends who voted to leave - want a sensible, negotiated conclusion. There's no support for your kind of Brexit. And anyway it's irrelevant because we're getting a middle of the road Brexit which is probably for the best.
That'll be the president of catalonia nakedly taking the side of theresa may, against that of nicola sturgeon
Get unique and outstanding photo booth template here:
Hans Maessen gave evidence to this week and he said in his meetings with HMRC they were only interested in hearing about the Chequers unfathomable Facilitated Customs Arrangement &amp; blanked any other solutions he was suggesting. #Brexit #DUP18
I'm not voting against the government in parliament on the #Brexit withdrawal deal, can I have a knighthood?
Exit #Brexit = #Brexit²
This sign language is equally apt for a bukake film as it is #brexit #haveigotnewsforyou
Certainly fits the bill!!
OMGOODG I actually agree with Nigel. They will become unvotable for many if they continue this path. They will loose there platform. No one wants Brexit like UKIP without them it could well die off.
I don’t want your deal and neither does my family. It makes our futures worse. Please do not say we want you to get in with brexit. We want you to stop this madness and put it back to the people
Brexit causes confusion, time wasting and the unnecessary cost that come with it. While we are busy building walls and fortresses, the Chinese and others are building bridges and firming their strategies of going far, beyond and behind those walls &amp; fortresses!l
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
The next few years will be interesting. I suspect that Mrs May will get her deal and cheese off both remainers and brexiteers as Tory MPs are scared of a general election. However, it is what we voted for isn't it? That's what Brexit means I understand.
Brexit only works for millionaires. Just look at the ERG.
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
They all voted for something that they had no idea of what it was they were voting for, how dumb is that? Now they are complaining about what it is delivering.
The Tories haven't the guts to dare go against May and the establishment. We're in for decades of less trade. The ones who caused it will still be cashing in millions a year leaving us eating GRUAL living with our coats on in the house or tent.
Great! Best news I’ve read all day. Now we will get the clean Brexit we voted for and also protect the 99.9% of Gibraltar’s populace who voted to remain British.
What happens next if Theresa May's Brexit deal is voted down?
Was pleased to see on Viewpoint that former chief minister Sir Peter Caruana agrees with me that aspects of the Gibraltar Protocol in the Brexit draft Withdrawal Agreement "smack of bilateralism". For a while I was afraid I was the only one who thought this!
Hans Massen tells the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee there is no need for cameras or any infrastructure around the Irish border. It can all be done "in the market", administratively using existing systems #Brexit #DUP18
Jonathan Pie nails it: #Brexit
Just saw a tweet describing Brexit as "all politics". You think? Really? Gawd. Save me from f*ckwititdom.
Responses under a tweet linking to a Spectator article on Brexit
War with Spain is apparently the perfect solution to unite us after Brexit.
Oh dear, I wonder if he’ll join the conservative part to lead us all to Brexit glory!
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain
Spot on......
The excuse that Marxists trot out ;it hasn't been attempted. Who'd have thought right-wing Tories would resort to it to excuse the failure of #Brexit?
I really don't understand what Farage is so upset about. If you were to ask the same questions to Nigel and Tommy about immigration, rape gangs, Islam, Brexit etc, I bet that their answers wouldn't be very far apart.
This is absurd. The Govt attempted to implement hard Brexit (Lancaster House) and had Baker et al as ministers to do so. It fell apart because it was undeliverable w/out causing the massive econ damage Brexiters denied would happen. You had your chance and it was proved a fantasy
pls vote an rt
Right now the battle is to secure a meaningful BRexit. This is Ferage’s life’s work just slipping slipping at his fingertips. Robinson will only damage that opportunity. Robinson may be relevant to UKIP’s future - after BRexit - but he is not going to help win a proper deal.
No German cars, No French wine or cheese, No Spanish holidays, No Irish beef or dairy products, No Belgian err , what exactly do they do?
"If you don’t–if you sit and fret about Brexit or Scottish independence more than you do the planet’s rising temperature-–then you may as well be worrying about your mortgage repayments while there’s a killer in your house with a gun at your child’s head."
Spanish prime minister warns Brexit summit to be called off if there's no Gibraltar deal
I absolutely love Brexit Dinner Dates on the Victoria Derbyshire show. Reckon it should be prime time viewing: #BrexitDinnerDates
No. What I'm saying is absurd is that we are in this position. The most-recently-resigned Brexit secretary stating that it is better to stay in the EU than live with the deal we've ended up with. A world-class cock-up, if ever there was one. #W4
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster: The DUP leader says her agreement with the Conservatives had been intended to deliver on Brexit.
Me too Don. Brexit was a bad idea that’s turned into a complete disaster... and will only get worse. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Theresa May refuses to rule out quitting as Prime Minister if her Brexit deal falls via
Bring it on.
Yes he did
More to the point who wants to listen to the opinion of "the man in the street"? . Brexit is ample proof most of them are fucking charlatans.
They can't mess with Salvini. If Salvini would be negotiating Brexit, the EU would be making concessions to the UK.
May's Facilitated Customs Arrangement in Chequers was invented by someone without customs knowledge says Hans Maessen to the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee this week #Brexit #DUP18
Favourite was the 'red white and blue brexit' what a nonsense
Fascinating this was stuck on 467 all day, people found difficulty finding it, it was not appearing properly on my home page or when there was a relevant notification. Came at in all directions &amp; it began to move again after 12 hours or so of complete, odd stasis. #TheyControlUs
I don't want her to "get on with it" I want her to tell the EU 50% of the UK Electorate now want Brexit brought to a halt and never heard of again. We are sick to death of the whole unnecessary procedure.
I would support that idea until Brexit folks have a bloody clue on what they are doing.
So been reading the Spectator email I receive daily. Seemingly the Cabinet Brexiteers are planning on proposing a negotiated no deal that extends the Transition period by a year..... WTF???? You can't trust the EU! When are Brexit supporting MPs going to realise that???? FFS
The wider problems of the world economy will soon eclipse those of Brexit #Topbuzz
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
#ff for an outstanding job regarding Brexit, propagating knowledge on the real consequences of UK's departure.
Sorry, was having dinner. Depends what you mean by ‘our will.’ If the Government then the Ports Directive, which destroyed 300,000 jobs. If the people, then the whole thing. If we’d been given a say on the Maastricht Treaty then we would have voted out at that stage. #Brexit
Totally true and all planned by the dictators that rule the EU and now UK if May gets her way.
Theresa May bows to EU pressure to keep UK in human rights convention after Brexit, enraging Tory right … … …&gt;“The Council of Europe, which has 47 member states, said the conclusions were legally binding
Not to be churlish but if any remainiacs listeners or new European readers want to point out to them that Albarn's late, pale entry is not the 'first post-brexit concept album's that would be fine. #actuallyquitechurlish #churlishasfuck
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype | John Lichfield
Republic of Ireland is being integrated into emerging EU super state - Irish parliament being stripped of law making - you can not legislate on Brexit under EU law - Power is with Brussels...…..
Hmmm the EU process isn't quite right. * 25/11 "70" is just an EU/UK endorsement not sign-off that correctly goes to... * prel. 10/12 "25" UK parliament vote but NOT to EU parliament vote (see later) "25" UKP pass triggers: * prel. 11/12 EU "a50" special council (same as 25/11)
I wonder if it’s my MP...
It's all about you Mrs May, that's the problem. You no listen to anyone except your EU friends and bosses! Work for the UK not the EU, change tack or resign before you irreparably damage the UK.
Hard Brexit/Soft Brexit are misnomers. You are in the EU or you aren’t. The question at the referendum was a simple remain or leave vote.
Sat in a cafe the other day a few dudes discussing #brexit and what they will do if it cancelled . Stuck his fork in his bacon swung it around spouting only English food from now on . Cafe owner "it's from Holland". He responded with ba*****s. Everyone in stitches to be fair.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote - Sky News
Oh Nige, I’ve got news for you mate.
He should, in all honesty, refuse it
Barnier is a Soros collaborator, Project Syndicate's 'Economist List' on Twitter. Soros himself told EU in May 2018 that Brexit will take 5 years, that a lot may happen in 5 years and #Brexit may not happen at all. So, Merkel is just talking, as usual. …
5 mins left in a vote almost as close as Brexit
please oppose #brexit completely and unequivocally.
Biff!!
Good grief, there is no way I could like any deal which strips British citizens of their right to study, work, live, and retire in any of the EU nations and this is exactly what brexit does. She's effectively making illegal immigrants of millions of us at a stroke.
Dave's Brexit Politics Robert Harkin Violating our rules against hateful conduct. We appreciate your help in improving everyone’s experience on Twitter. 2/2
And yet May could not bring herself to admit that the best deal is the one we currently have with EU now. So deceitful.
"The reason why the Leavers have failed to negotiate the sort of settlement they said they wanted from the EU is simple: what they said in 2016 was based on the proposition that the EU got more out Britain than Britain got out of the EU."
#TheresaMay is due to sign a treaty with EU leaders to leave the bloc on Sunday, but #Spain holds the power to prevent that from happening #Brexit
Hillary: &lt;fanfare&gt; I am finally revealed as my true self, a Republican! Democrats: New phone, who dis?
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
So Theresa May has not only sold out to the EU, but now we're giving away £50million to Africa to end FGM. What about ending FGM in the UK Mrs May!? Oh you forgot the country you represent didn't you - just like #brexit You, are a complete joke.
The DUP's Arlene Foster says time is being wasted by the promotion of the current Brexit deal. She says a new deal that everyone can sign up to is needed
The one big takeaway from this #Brexit debacle is that we must stop misleading claims being made during election campaign &amp; referenda corrupting politics. Shocking how the onion skin keeps coming off #Brexit every day to reveal just how the people were sold a lie
We're leaving, get over it. #Brexit
Little England all over again. Or a symptom of a delusion of the "golden age of empire" that permeates Brexit, We don't need Europe - we are still masters of the world and are truly exceptional.
That that Steve Bray again, Mr Shouty Stop Brexit!
Clean would be Remain and punishing the brexit lawbreakers
“The Council of Europe, which has 47 member states, said the conclusions were legally binding in the same way that judgments relating to the European convention on human rights had to be applied by member states.” … … … …
The best EU-on-EU Brexit trolling in a long time this
Morroco Out Maneuvered? Oh,the powerful morocco, ruling the brexit, the UE and even Mars. Ja ja ja, keep dreaming
Brexiteer MP's three key reasons why Britain cannot have a second #Brexit referendum
Tyskie, for 18 plus. Not for fat people or cars, up the brexit
An interesting thread! Apparently The 'true nature' of something or other has been 'revealed'....
Check out ’s Tweet: Dominic Grieve no deal is illegal
Exposing all the lies
BRIN
Where on this form did you vote for the TYPE of Brexit Curious. Take as long as you need.
Correction Brexit deal in One word shit
MAKE NO MISTAKE #DMogg &amp; The #ERG want NoDeal Crash-Out #Brexit They speculate, tax-free, and get richer. We work hard, pay tax, and get poorer. #ERG &amp; IT'S #BREXIT ARE NOT THE PEOPLE'S FRIEND We must #Revoke &amp; #Reform #FBPE #StopBrexitSaveBritain
How long until someone rebuts the rebuttals. Please.
What's Next for Brexit if May's Deal Fails in Parliament? via
Pls vote an rt
The purpose of EU machinations to keep the UK in the customs union is to prevent any competitive advantage. This is why they will try to use Northern Ireland to get "full alignment" - see Irish government Brexit paper #Brexit #DUP18
Not sure if this is a #Brexit metaphor or a #Trump metaphor.....
Oh hello... are you there sweetie?? Have YOU listened to our 2 Brexit secretaries?
Hmm. I'll be losing my job first, as a direct result of Brexit.
I've said this before that Cameron is getting away with murder - he even thinks he can waltz back into a plum job , Labour &amp; Libs should be hanging Brexit around Cameron's neck.
#Brexit reading through my feed, come to the conclusion that brexiteers have won. Titanic Tories have lost. Reasoning the former have divided the country, and that will continue whatever happens. The Tories now have the ire of both sides. Never again
All UKIP MPs take note, your are in danger of losing your Westminster seats and becoming an irrelevancy
This is well Brexit (though After Eights themselves are lovely).
is a liar. It’s not that she can’t read. She is a professional liar. Shameful and dishonest.
The latest The Gnome Chronicle! Thanks to #brexit #travel
May and the establishment now trying to buy EU votes now
Please RT - there is an attempt to suppress this please don't let that happen. #LIBERTY
If we go to war with the British, we should do it at anytime, because they will be busy jumping off balconies and/or dying from alcohol poisoning.
Bernie probably would too for all those cigarette packs you helped him sell. Your man did get interviewed by the police in the cash for honours scheme didn't he? And the Prince of darkness loved a bung. Hypocrisy since brexit happened is out of control
Why don’t you resign from government and become a GP as we’re quite short at present and will be even more worse off after this stupid Brexit you are supporting.
Brexit is a total disaster as expected so I doubt it’ll happen
THERESA MAY has Münchausen syndrome by BREXIT she is doing a factitious disorder. Put her in an NHS hospital
Brexit's already Putin jeopardy.
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected Hang on! If UK left with a no deal we would not have to pay £40 billion to EU arses &amp; revert to world trade rules &amp; UK would prosper!
Any thoughts on this, Jew?
This is no way t treat us Brexit supporters
Well you brexit Tory MP are now trying to blame everyone but yourselves.
That's not how any of this works #Brexit #carbootsale #rural #notsoblessed
Not to be churlish but if any listeners or readers want to point out to them that Albarn's late, pale entry is not the 'first post-brexit concept album' that would be fine. #actuallyquitechurlish #churlishasfuck
Bless Nigel, he thinks UKIP is still actually relevant.
You say 'they couldn't be arsed' when in fact many were prevented from voting...
After another damning indictment of the current Withdrawal Agreement
Spain PM says Brexit summit likely off if no Gibraltar deal...
The NEC made a ruling deferring a vote on TR until after Brexit &amp; so the leader has no business defying the NEC ruling in this way. His ill-timed proposed motion was rejected &amp; so his involvement of TR is well out of order.
Irish Farmers Association Brexit paper admitting that high EU tariffs give Irish farmers a competitive advantage over cheaper non EU countries &amp; is also worried about lower CAP payments due to UK no longer being a net contributor to the EU budget #DUP18
The idea that Brexit is sticking two fingers up at the ‘political elite’ is a myth created by the global elite. Our politics has been hacked by a combination of Old Etonians and right wing American nutcases.
Sorry are you anti Brexit? I didn’t know?
Man in a shed we have spent 3yrs going around in circles on how to make us poorer through Tory brexit... if I was you I would go and hide in your shed... you idiot
The DUP will 'look again' at its support of May's government if the #Brexit deal passes?
Those of the Scots political persuasion will relate to this. “What’s Plan B?” was the question &amp; used to dodge during #IndyRef? The SNP and the Tories are so alike. The SNP’s vision of independence is Brexit’s twin sister. Eyes will open in time...
Never thought I'd be at odds with another Stone Roses fan. Look what Brexit has done.
Beat you to it. Did you expose any of his past relations, you know the ones, alliances with islamic apologists, sharing a Brexit Leave platform with Nigel Farage, views on rape etc. badge of honour James. Search george galloway blocked me
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
'Sore loser!' Jo Johnson shutdown over calls for second #Brexit referendum
I know some anti Brexit Tories. Quite a few, even. Generalisations are always incredibly inaccurate. People are diverse. Which is lovely.
Very good article in the today on What to expect from a no-deal Brexit - Free falling
Totally agree #PeoplesVote
Breaking News: After 2 years of negotiations, the UK Prime Minister concludes that Northern Ireland ought to be included as part of any deal the English strike with the EU for Wales and Scotland.
The worst prime minister. A liar and a cheat. Sabataged brexit. Hates her country. That bitch is
Given its Brexit stance, surely it would be better to have its sales push in the more remain voting areas....
Not attempted because your #Brexit secretary preferred crowing externally to negotiating and the one who followed agreed a deal he then disowned. The rest of the World is wondering when the real UK is going to reappear and end #Brexit . #PeoplesVote
Of course Brexit only came about because YOUR party tried to steal their members...
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
A no deal Brexit
Good
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype
At last, some great news from Nige.
Irish government paper reveals a WTO Brexit will lead to Irish job losses, inflation and a competitive advantage for the UK #Brexit #DUP18
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third
At one time I thought the most intelligent peeps ran UK , however when our prime minister thinks UK is a "country", it does seem that's not true.. It also looks as tho NI isn't leaving .Tbh this whole EU brexit stuff has me baffled. Has anything changed ?
Nice analogy; we know what the next steps are in a failing software project - it will be the search for the guilty, recriminations and scapegoating!
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Brexit! Means! Brexit!
I seem to remember discussing that there would be a Brexit "quickening" at some point.
Are you seriously suggesting that any of Brexit was based on “information”? Really?
Why would an MP support May's Brexit out of fear of crashing out of the EU? Any Parliament that is opposed to May's deal would be even more opposed to a no-deal Brexit. I don't get it.
That piece is full of contradictions &amp; waffle. Her despicable betrayal will pass through the Commons at first attempt. Too many spineless along with enough #labour rebels who will buy the #brexit turd currently being polished yet again in #brussels
An infuriatingly arrogant presumptuous deceiver. I wish I didn’t have to say that this is the empirical truth.:-(. Lets hope the Brexit proposal is voted down for everyone’s sake including Thereaa May, who clearly needs saving from herself. Sigh...
Could you also ask if there are any gains to UK residents in Europe after brexit?
Cast Iron Aye that’s a crock of s**t ...
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Just stop Brexit, it’s national suicide, just stop
brexit - what could happen next - the week ahead explained simply - the bad deal/no deal /#peoplesvote /election/ #brexitmiracle/catastrophe/no brexit - they forgot to mention the scottish legal challenge on Tuesday..
Ok. Here's your chance to show some facts. Give me one single factual reason the UK will be better off after Brexit. I've waited a decade.
Bring it on!
Tories offered Brexit in a bid for power. Tories sold off our state assets under the myth of austerity. Tories have wrecked negotiations. Tories give us neither in nor out. Tories have created this dystopian nightmare. All of it - a Tory createdcrisis.
Oh so she’s psychic now? Diane, what are Saturday’s lottery numbers?
This shit here is why we're leaving. Sovereignty is the base upon which everything else is built. If you're not sovereign you're not a country.
sergio leone: a fistful of commemorative brexit 50p coins #MakeAFilmCheap
More than 90 percent of charity bosses in NI would back draft #Vrexit withdrawal deal over a no deal Brexit.
Well...
#Leave voting Richard Walker MD of “the point of #Brexit was to go and sign free trade agreements” presumably so they can put frozen chlorinated chicken in the freezers #bbcqt
I’m actually frustrated angry and sad! We are in a right mess. We have nothing to be proud of here. None of us. No one has ever done a Brexit so for heavens sake now is the time to work together. This is shameful.
This is no more than #Blackmail this shows #EU have no respect for #UK All these countries are dependant on our fishing grounds, let's walk away with out a deal and watch Spain Portugal crash and burn. #Brexitnow
OK, I was confused because so many people have been saying that Conservatives losing their majority was a rejection of hard brexit. Clearly it wasn't then by your comment here.
She was very composed and made her case well.
Irish Brexit doc reveals the EU will attempt to shackle the UK inc state aid &amp; corporate tax to prevent an `unfair competitive advantage` #Brexit #DUP18
“Any remain option will have to come with a worked-out argument about rebalancing power in this country. And that means reshaping the relationship between capital and the rest of us”
Be that as it may, here’s the choice now: 1 plough on with Brexit (10 more years of wall-to-wall coverage, nothing else getting done) 2 hold #PeoplesVote. Either remainers shut up. Or we cancel #Brexit. Job Done. Be practical.
I did think of naming it Brexit Squirrel.
Anyone under 40 doesn't care about the IRA thing. Unpalatable but fact. It's history. Perhaps if we talked about something other than Brexit it might help.
The Great Heathen Army caused Brexit
If you’re an Editor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Opposition from the public to #brexit after Leave campaign broke the law and still no second referendum?!
You might like ?
We need her out of government, even at this stage it would put some faith back in to the Torys,
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
And your done
That much. And she worked so hard for it, thinking of the country and not the party!
The Spanish government rejects last May's offer on Gibraltar and keeps "veto" on Brexit deal.
Ah yes, who could miss the compassion in what she said? “Europe has done its part, and must send a very clear message – ‘we are not going to be able to continue provide refuge and support.’”
Corruption everywhere.
alternatively: that the Tories have rarely dipped below 40% regardless of how badly they're performing indicates they've got the Brexit vote locked in behind them, making a Labour win extremely difficult regardless of leader.
BREXIT
Remember old Al Murray "Pub Landlord" routine where he takes piss out of "American Dream", adding that "there is no British Dream--COZ WE'RE AWAKE!" Got a big laugh. But I'm not laughing now. #Brexit proves UK is very much asleep &amp; dreaming seriously dodgy dreams.
It’s relevant because the Tories are selling out Scottish fishermen again .
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Oh do feck off!
Oh you tease...... #PeoplesVoteNow #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Tories created brexit fooled British people and plus on top betrayed them
You can not negotiate with a dictatorship
Nothing wrong with BREXIT irs the plan drawn up by a crooked Prime minister who threatens anyone who doesnt back her stupid proposal giving away the UK
Spot on. I love how they try and twist it to appear " democratic". You leavers didnt know what you were voting for..you wouldnt have if you knew now blah blah..its only this way cos Mays fudged it to stop brexit and make people think this 2nd ref is a good idea!
And that's all he did then ducked so he can oppose from USA BUT NOT LOSE HIS EU PENSION WAKE. UP. PEEPS
That’s f, that money could have gone towards Brexit
SENSE AT LAST
Seems fair. Afyter all, Brexit been blame for pretty much everything else.
Right, time for the biggest referendum since Brexit... Should #watfordfc change the badge?
Looking forward to all that post-Brexit US salad instead of that non-deadly European stuff.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki: "I just spoke with the British PM Theresa May about preparations for the summit, which will define Brexit. Poland has always been advocating for a wise compromise, and the agreement we managed to negotiate is the best deal we could get"
Governments use the NHS as election bait &amp; use NHS Funding to spunk up the wall on Illegal Wars. They talk freedom of movement, yet keep people in rural areas restricted to their locality by cutting bus &amp; rail services. Taxes end up in the London Treasury, very little comes out.
Im busy trying to make ends meet and I also don't have a clue what the fucks going on with brexit.
Boris. You are losing the battle so start thinking about the country and not just your future. What a shambles the Conservative party are. I am embarrassed to say I voted for you.
I hate this Country. says she doesn’t go to bed dreaming of Brexit - well you’re very lucky, Theresa, because hundreds of thousands do!!!
It's the PTA Brexit Quiz Night. We are playing an absolutely mental game of Farage or Jünker. Incredible scenes.
...and England's struggle to understand Northern Ireland summed up in thirteen seconds #brexit #shippingcontainers
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
"May still resembles Gromit on the runaway train, frantically laying the track just in front of him to avert disaster"
Right so it's almost certainly nothing to do with Brexit. I can count on the fingers of my left foot the number of times those rifles have been used in crimes in the UK- that almost certainly has more to do with it.
This Brexit analogy is spot on.
Ireland`s IBEC fears that Brexit could free British business from EU regulations &amp; laws giving the UK an advantage #DUP18 #brexit
And when she has fucked off, she can fuck off some more.
Think you’re right with this Raheem. I like Batten but it’s not the policy or strategy for the current moment. A clear strong message on Brexit could have seen UKIP attract a wide significant part of the electorate to get the job done. Also agree Tommy works best unhindered.
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
What about the people authorising your "deal"? Or don't you trust us?
Absolutely bang on ... I wasn’t always a fan, but I have watched him and listened to him for 2 years now and the guy is solid, he tells some cold hard facts about what is happening in our country and unfortunately the government don’t want the public to hear truth!! #ukip #brexit
Copy her. Maybe You forgot to share with her your opinion, Mr And better use "this" instead of "my". It's neither kind nor true...
I tend to agree with Brexit being undeliverable. The WA took 2 yrs and that was the easier bit! The future relationship will eventually need to be ratified by each of the 27 parliaments and each nation will have individual issues eg Spain with Gib. Many problems there &amp; elsewhere
Aside from Brexit for a moment, just look at this state of affairs in Northern Ireland. 164 key decisions in limbo. NI now without a government for 1 year 10 months.
This is the devastation that his friends in the #IRA caused to innocent victims. #Labour #Brexit
You are not going to get a better deal. No deal was the only EU offer or a cobbled together load of crap worse than remaining in the EU. 99% of Brexit voters knew that before the referendum. Catch up. No deal Brexit immediately.
Time for the Conservative Party to become real conservatives once again! Theresa May has to go and leadership needs to go to someone that actually believes in Brexit!
It is a scandal, but things will only get worse if we leave the EU. Your stance on Brexit will damage this country and will embolden the Tories.
Dear Spain, Get fucked. Kind Regards, Gibraltar and The UK. Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
You can try and appease the public all you like but they have no say on the meaningful vote
Brexit's Irish border debate is 'trap laid out by EU negotiators' – MEP to RT — RT World News
"Banking what we have now is still a better option than risking it all on the altar of perfection." Conservative on the "silent but significant" group of MPs ready to compromise on Brexit
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
No harm Nigel I admired you myself but you walked away when only 25% of work was done so done gloat and insult the party you where in and done brilliant your partially to blame for doing 25% of a job your better saying nothing brexit is in jeopardy because of you
Teresa May's BREXIT deal regarding trade is worst than the deal it currently has. They cannot negotiate any deals for themselves, they can be used as expendable pawns at the whims of the EU while negotiating trade dealsand they are effectively unable to undercut the EU.
EU leaders could sign off on #Brexit deal tomorrow
Clearly not a fan of referendums #Catalonia
The latest The Launi Daily! Thanks to #brexit #thanksgiving
BOTTOM LINE. We can't really tell the long term economic effects of Full Brexit or Remain, but we do know that if we do Remain or if we are linked to control by the European Courts that we are not a sovereign democratic country any more.
some words for and the #Brexit bunch: "you can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all of the time" it's still true, and you're not Lincoln
Brexit LIVE: 'Constitutional DEADLOCK' warns Hunt as May declares there is NO Plan B
The latest The Daily Plebeian! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Brexit
EU Wants MORE Concessions: France Demands Fishing Rights #brexit
More than 90% of charity bosses in NI would back draft Brexit withdrawal deal over a no deal Brexit.
I remember you used to a Brexit man
They’ll do just fine if Brexit is betrayed, don’t you worry about that. Amusing you call UKIP leaders ‘batshit’ though. I suppose you reckon Blair, Brown and Corbyn are perfectly sane; do me a favour.
DUP to AMBUSH Theresa May’s Brexit deal TOMORROW - ‘The beginning of the end’
Like I said I am not an expert and I can’t remember a the names of the people in every study I’ve ever read. But I have been listening to the overwhelming analysis that brexit will damage the economy. They claimed you would be better off! You are ignoring all the evidence
Theresa May ducks resignation question over fate of Brexit deal – Politics live as it happened
UKIP has lost its way. The country still needed a remain message after brexit. Instead they refashioned themselves into an anti Islam party.
What a disaster! He wouldn’t have been able to sleep for a month of Sunday’s! Imagine how he will react when Brexit folds and the Tory Gov’t takes a pasting. He will be asleep for much longer!
So this is your fantasy land. This is your Brexit the country does not want it. This is to satisfy your extreme right wingers and the elite money grubbers
I’d think twice aboot that Ross baby! they might not be so pleased to see you #JustSaying ..
Irish Republic is being integrated into new emerging EU super state of 27 and Republic will become a province of EU. You can not vote to veto Brexit agreement only Brussels can.....
I understand the premise of it. I think any new vote shouldn’t be to cancel brexit but a vote on whether the deal is accepted or more work is needed. Timelines obv not great but I feel the people’s vote hasn’t tried to engage all voters, as the rhetoric is purely anti-brexit.
Giving out Lordships to back a flaccid #Brexit deal? Utter debasement of what was once seen by a the people of a proud nation as a true honour for hard work &amp; steady service. Sad.
Third of Brexit voters believe Muslim immigration is part of a secret plot to Islamicise Britain, study suggests
The latest The Discover Russia Daily! Thanks to #travel #brexit
Contrived bollocks to prove black is white
TOMMY ROBINSON - Brexit Betrayal March Sunday 9th December. UKIP have endorsed the event, and Gerard Batten will be attending, along with UKIP’s Lord Pearson who sits in the House of Lords, and who described it as, 'the beginning of a Political Revolution in this country'.
Pro brexit parties or they’ll stay st home
as you like a good parody account, have you been following these Brexit japes? Can’t see gOVe the same way ever again...
Maybe UKIP know a real clean full proper BRexit will kill them, sidelined, irrelevant. Maybe UKIP leadership care more about a future of them at the top of a relevant albeit small alternative political party than they do just seeing a full exit from the EU delivered .
‘So I started prepping lightly for Brexit, a box of medicines (calpol, piriton, paracetamol, plasters etc.) I am now investigating the other threads for what people are prepping in terms of food, but I am struggling to decide how long the food will need to last.’
Opinion: #Gibraltar dispute shows the absurdity of #Brexit
See also, there was a democratic vote and the people have decided. But the people cant decide to have another vote in case they make a different decision.
There has never been a mandate for Brexit – blogs
I understand the premise of it. I think any new vote shouldn’t be to cancel brexit but a vote on whether the deal is accepted or more work is needed. Timelines obv not great but I feel the people’s vote hasn’t tried to engage all voters, as the rhetoric is purely anti-brexit.
You are corrupt, inept, cruel and self-seeking. Just resign - You and your party have done untold damage to the #UK - you will not unite the country and you will not be forgiven - ever!
Because she asks difficult and relevant questions. Also Corbyn has fully supported Brexit
Theresa, no we don’t want Brexit, not your, not Mogg’s, not Corbyn’s. It’s bollocks we want nothing to do with it.
When the opposition is as dumb as the people in power, it’s time to start again.
Best post in the last week
This book explains Brexit England's WW2 obsession quite convincingly. "the EU must be its invasive oppressor. Mus...
Read our Regulatory Report, ‘Brexit and Money Laundering’, written by Michael Goodwin, Leila Chaker and Andrew Herd
Yesterdays News I know... but the slip toward populism has never been strictly a right wing phenomenon. In case you need further proof I submit to you being a tool.
More than 90 percent of charity bosses in NI would back draft #Brexit withdrawal deal over a no deal Brexit.
#Brexit and the Global Economy by Mohamed A. El-Erian
Ho - hum, back to project fear! Why on earth should a no deal Brexit be chaotic?
love you to bits and I know is a mate, but has turned around. In a lot of ways #UKIP Is the #UK only hope. Be good if you backed Gerard and persuaded Nigel to as well. BREXIT IS UNDER THREAT, WE NEED YOU ONSIDE.
I've lived in the #UK for 18years, and I took on their #empirical way of reasoning: "I believe it when I see it" #Brexit #NoBrexit?
Britain deserves a better Brexit than the one May is offering | Nicola Sturgeon
#MayMustGo - she hasn't got much right for 2 years so I'd take her summing up with a pinch of salt #BrexitShambles #BrexitBetrayal
Shouldn't they have fact checked these publications before releasing the deal ... silly me, I forgot this is Brexit, things only get checked after the event
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar Spain are very sad, they wont be getting Gibraltar at any cost.
Mr Blobby is Brexit personified. This should help.
Northern Ireland voted Remain, the people of Northern Ireland do not want Brexit.
So depressing how EEA/Norway style - which previously most people would have regarded as 'soft' brexit - has been persistently mis-sold as 'not leaving'. So 'soft' then becomes anything that doesn't throw us off a cliff edge. And all because May hates freedom of movement.
#Brexit since when has a deal that is a joke not in the interest of this country more in the interest of a prime minister..and a deal that would be failing people who voted to leave this deal is her deal not our deal suits the government &amp; why do each Secretary keep leaving...?
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Multi-millionaire crushed to death by tractor driven by his pet dog #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit #brexitshambles
Least I know what brexit means
I bought my first home in my early 20s in part because of the salary I got for working on this problem. We worked hard, resources were made available. That's the _only_ reason shit didn't hit the fan
To get Charles on throne they are going to have to keep a lid on the somewhat unsavoury company that he's kept over the years. But if you're going to have a constitutional crisis over Brexit, they may as well do the Monarchy at the same time
Rising recession risk leaves Europe acutely vulnerable to no-deal Brexit shock
May busy buying up the souls of men to save her neck. Corbyn and his crew are cowards. What the hell is going on? Flush cry the populous!! Please flush.
Why are the British people surprised that the proposed #Brexit deal is a ‘downgrade’ on EU membership? Seriously, what the hell did they expect?
Throw a leaving party at Stonehenge?
I really dont give a rats ass about Brexit when you have more important things to worry about like killing off the UK! ARTICLE 13 NEEDS SORTING FIRST, YOUR BEING AN IDIOT, SCRAP THIS IDEA -
It ain't passing
May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal
“The consequences of Brexit for the French and European financial sectors” by F. #VILLEROY, , Paris, 23 Nov. 2018:
Chance'd be a fine thing
It chaos now! - Message to TM go now and take your disgusting BRINO with you- give us a Brexiteer PM who will give us the Brexit we voted for and cull the Liberal wing of the Party!
Alan Johnson has apparently just said he supports May’s-stinking up the room - Brexit, so clearly he needs to listen very carefully to everything Grace Blakeley has said - accepting this Brexit would prevent Labour fulfilling their socialist manifesto.
Third fact: It's nothing new.
Here’s the stark choice now: 1 plough on with #Brexit (10 more years of wall-to-wall coverage, nothing else getting done) 2 hold #PeoplesVote. Either remainers shut up. Or we cancel Brexit. Either way, Job Done. Be practical.
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Does anyone really know what a good Brexit plan is?
Okay I need to know your non-nensense take on Brexit. DM if you want, but don't BS me. 'Kay?
that is not a good excuse for us to settle for a bad deal....especially when the dreaded "Veto Vote" is in the Deal...we will be stitched up for ever - with the Veto used at random by anyone of the 27 Member States at every opportunity... where's the NEW Brexit Secretary ? ?
From headings First question is what determines a Dr Lawyer or teacher cant be terrorist or connected given its known by 649 MPs May has criminally abused exploited embezzled from VoC to get from MP to HS to Brexit PM Is she not given she is white &amp; VoC white woman black child?
We should leave with no deal and protect our fisheries and fish stocks. The EU fishermen can go and fish in Icelandic waters, however unlike ourselves the Icelanders will defend their waters.
Lord Hain eh. Says it all.
My god first Brexit and now this ...
Slightly concerned as to why only positives have been advertised on this. A balanced argument ?
Not forgetting all those British "ex-pats" (immigrants) living in Malaga Charlie how will they get in and out of #Gibraltar with those pesky Guardia Civil border police making things rough and tough ... Tiocfaidh ar #Brexit
Giving out Lordships to back a flaccid #Brexit deal utterly debases what was once seen as a true honour for hard work &amp; steady service.
Hollow and empty brexit deal. As much as the tories talk the talk you cant make a silk purse out of a pigs ear.
All true
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar #stuffEU #EUgangsters BOYCOTT SPAIN
Once again, Brexit is all about legs. No deal is the amputation of both legs. May's deal will remove all or part of one leg. Remaining in the EU retains both legs. Now it's clear: May's deal will be better than no deal, but much worse than remaining.
Can anyone calling for a “people’s vote” please tell me who they think voted in June 2016? #Brexit
1. Northern Ireland sells £14 billion to Great Britain 2. Northern Ireland sells £3.4bn to the Republic of Ireland. 3. Great Britain sells £11.6 billion to Northern Ireland 4. Republic of Ireland sells £2bn to Northern Ireland #Brexit #DUP18
It is possible to disagree with Tories about austerity and agree with them about Brexit.
Good job #UK
Why would Zeebrugge, Ostende etc treat you any differtly than Calais? You very clearly don't get that the EU is bloc &amp; u think u can 'divide n' conquer'. Any disruption your Brexit causes at one European ro-ro port will be the exact same at any other European ro-ro port #Brexit
#Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm: Intense work to seal deal… #Brexit #ClickBait
Continue reading... #EU #EUpol
BBC News - Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
How Is Brexit Working Out? Antidepressant Use Is Up In The UK
I have been saying the same for a long time. The #EU is seriously petrified of a #nodeal #Brexit. A shrewd negotiator uses this info! #LeaveEU
all polling after the brexit vote put immigration at number 1
A bit of twine and some duct tape and we'll have that back in the air and on active service with the RAF in time for #Brexit...
Hero who fights for our rights and democracy. Cultured man of wit and principle, with no malice in him. Visionary, man of action, as PM will be one of the greats. encouraging, brings out the best in people. Game changer. Changed course of history. #borisjohnson #Brexit
There is of course the "Trump" route, of simply ripping up the agreement and telling the EUSSR to lump it, supported by more than 17.4 Million British voters...
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
Revotez please ! #Brexit
I very much appreciate the probabilistic weights (with 5% resolution) of different possible outcomes. (If Philip Tetlock is right, this is a good sign that forecasts are more likely to be accurate.)
Spain 'to reject Brexit deal' without written Gibraltar pledge from UK | Euronews THE PAPER will be worth more than mays word, spoken or written
keep it up, there are a lot of people not happy with TM on the NI section.
Rising recession risk leaves Europe acutely vulnerable to no-deal Brexit shock via
That's not what it appears to say in those 585 pages mate. I'm a life long Tory. Close to changing that, like many others. #Brexit #Leave the #EU
Totally predictable.
Getting beyond a joke...
Had a quick look at ur profile, ur an expert on everything, form UK , Brexit, US .A Boyland FG Type. adious time for session
NI "exports" 1. Northern Ireland sells £14 billion to GB 2. EU £4.81bn. (£3.4bn to ROI) 3. rWorld £3.4bn NI "imports" 1. GB sells £11.6 billion to Northern Ireland 2. EU sells NI £4.8bn (£2bn to Republic) 3. rWorld £2.64 #Brexit #DUP18
ProActive Patriots ( )Tommy Robinson &amp;amp; UKIP are teaming up for a massive pro-Brexit march against the Establishments sellout of Brexit. Tommy slamm...
The maximum three week window between the government's deal being defeated and the requirement on ministers to propose a way forward would see several alternative scenarios come into play.
In the same “funny” line, we could “fight back” by filling UK citizens up with loads of alcohol and letting all of them balconies to a pool for free. The biggest army of them, wouldn’t last a week.
Flat Earth was a belief. No conspiracy there. Just a failure to understand the truth. Brexit beliefs are equally a failure of comprehension. The conspiracy was the lies of the Leave campaign and the tax-avoiding media.
Why this? Is HC ignorant about the refugee crisis in Syria? Her analysis is not only poor, but somehow Trump light.
In the "Back to The Future" DeLorean trying to roll-back Brexit?
Leaving us weaker, poorer and with less credibility. Well done!
Nicola Sturgeon blasts Tories after Scots fishermen victims of Brexit 'sell-out'
Anti-fascism works well when it disrupts the narrative the fash put forward. This is why #FAF and #FLAF are such effective initiatives. This is just giving Tommy the narrative and battlelines he wants.
Stop over thinking it. No one has shown a single a quantifiable gain from Brexit in £.
I tend to agree. I changed my mind about him when I watched his Oxford Union speech. Unfortunately most will believe the MSM crap or be too lazy to look for themselves. However perception is negative for many and could disaffect brexit voters
For years I worked in the printing Industry and hated Maggie for what she did to the Unions. Be to be brutally honest I wish we had her in charge of this shower of shit in power st the moment. #Brexit #Freedom #Independance
Even more trouble in paradise...
Thank God they have u to save them ! #fishing #brexit
France puts #Brexit Britain to shame. Thank you France for your compassion and dignity. Apologies for Britain’s mean-spirited narrow-mindedness. #BrexitShambles #BrutalBrexit #CrookedBrexit #NoBrexit
On a similar note, I recently spoke to my parents about Brexit and earnestly asked them their feelings around what is happening and what they think the country should do and they outright shut me down and refused to answer. Christmas is gonna be grand.
In case you were wondering..
Brexit still - hasn’t happened. This insanity of a deal worse than being a member, can be stopped.
BOTTOM LINE. We can't really tell the long term economic effects of Full Brexit or Remain, but we do know that if we do Remain or if we are linked to control by the European Courts that we are not a sovereign democratic country any more.
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
#Coup. As I.P. reported: the take down of was a #FiveEyes op. #UK, #AU &amp; Ex, Pat. spy legends led the way. 's assault on #DeepState #Globalist #WarOnYou &amp; support of #Brexit is an existential threat to their 1 world plan. #Halper
I have never seen a poll for anything to do with Brexit. I am a small business in the northwest so go figure , How can they be taken as representative of the public , all the people I talk to voted to leave and leave in entirety no half measures or Brino .
Sadly hundreds of thousand is not enough to win an election. There will be no election before Brexit. If Brexit happens it will be caused by Brexiters like him. Please ask him to change his mind. To save what is left of Britain...
Just 24 hours ago I was with the new Knight of the Realm, Sir John Hayes MP in London at a party and had a good old chat with him about Brexit! That’s 24 hours in Politics - anything can happen!
I respectfully would suggest a form of words: "No sh*t, Sherlock."
Hmmm the EU process isn't quite right. * 25/11 "70" is just an EU/UK endorsement not sign-off that correctly goes to... * prel. 10/12 "25" UK parliament vote but NOT to EU parliament vote (see later) "25" UKP pass triggers: * prel. 11/12 EU "a50" special council (same as 25/11).
In a context where fear and suspicion are normalised &amp; based on fears/resentments rooted in the past experience of communities, politics easily becomes reduced to ' stopping/beating 'them'. In its imperfect way, GFA tried to stop this, but Brexit has put it into reverse. Tragic.
Crowd of 1,000 police and 400 racists expected in Central London #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch
Well done Arlene
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
By far the worst words of recent times are brexit and black friday.
Westminster insiders tipping him as next Brexit Secretary
May hands Brexiteer a KNIGHTHOOD as she launches push to crunch vote #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #BBCBreakfast #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit
The Only Way Is Out !
We should do it at night, when you’re all drunk.
Or the BBC inviting a pro Remain guest on. Imagine that...
Probably not the first to say it but I think the simulation has got out of hand. World needs patching. #brexit #trump
17m rule 49m humans brexit 17m only rule 66m humans crazy
Those were the days......it’s a sad country now
What? Who made the claim that Corbyn didn't believe in the completely meaningless phrase "access to the single market" Meaningless phrases are his favourite! He is passionately against being in the SM. Which is why Corbyn's Brexit means the backstop or hard border in Ireland.
While we’re focused on Theresa May’s shambolic Brexit deal, let’s not forget the damning UN report on UK poverty that shames this government. - 14 million in poverty - 4 million are children - 320,000 homeless - Rough sleeping doubled - Political choice, not economic necessity
Ah.. I'm a snowflake.. overcrowding with kids and old people being crammed into shitty train carriage is fine. Yeahah and Brexit. Prick
. : We know what happens when countries split: Trump happens. Brexit happens. Peter Dutton almost happens. So what’s next? #opinion #brexit #Trump
Keep it Phil as post Brexit it’ll be worth 50p
“If we don’t get a war with Spain to unite us, I’m excited for an economic war with 27 countries” #brexitshambles
The government should make two passports available. One for those who voted Leave (Blue) and one for Remain( Red). Let the new agreement apply to the “leavers” and let them face what they wanted. We shouldn’t suffer because of them. #Brexit
#French banks scale back plans for post-Brexit staff moves
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit - Free falling
. : Europe must curb #immigration to stop rightwing populists But keep bombing the crap out of immigrants' countries and/or arming others to do the bombing, which creates the conditions for mass migrations? #OurRevolution #FeelTheBern #p2
Astoundingly fckng good, this
Sorry Nigel, you should have returned as UKIP leader in 2016 when it was plain we would get Brexit in name only. Gerard is doing a sterling job UKIP membership has increased &amp; he has many supporters for asking Tommy for assistance with the Rotherham rape &amp; prison issues.
Determined to #brexit at all costs, should 's last act (before she's sacked) be to protect our currency by joining the Euro ??? #hedging against #currency deflation (not #satire). Any thoughts ???
(Reuters):#Spain digs in on #Gibraltar before Brexit summit : Spanish reservations over Gibraltar on Friday prevented the European Union clearing the last hurdle before the bloc signs off its Brexit deal with Britain, with Prime Minister Pedro ..
Say what you like about the #Brexit deal. It's united the country.
If isn't virtually forced to resign and a ge is NOT triggered I should be quite surprised. I do expect the House to vote against #Brexit, tout court, at this point, at the very least. That is what should happen if May'#s Plan wins no Parliamentary approval.
So, er, what did you do all day during those long months when you were Brexit minister? Make the tea?
As tempting as this may be, we should still vote down the deal.
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
Theresa May hands Tory Brexiteer John Hayes a knighthood - weeks before crucial vote By complete coincidence, John Hayes is one of the MPs who's been thinking about voting down her Brexit deal. May is turning Britain into a banana republic. #StopBrexit.
Exhibit A: Tory #Brexit -ers says he'll donate "steam off my piss" to #JoCox memorial ...
1. By resigning on a matter of principle, has earned our respect. 2. Those, like , who advocate a second referendum, should be careful what they wish for. Were that to happen, the "Leave" majority would be bigger.
Yes - seen the lies by omission mainly... WTO much better &amp; lower risk for U.K. future. Very happy to see May resign if Parliament rightly votes against this awful Withdrawal Agreement.
Farridge haven't you heard UKIP is now officially defunct and after the result of the upcoming #PeoplesVots Brexit will likewise become defunct! You'll have to find an alternative career to shit stirring. A bit of a challenge for a nobody like yourself!
#Walkaway Run away Brave Sir Robin!!!!
Again today I'm wondering is Theresa May being very very clever. She shows us more than anyone else what an appalling idea brexit is. But she does it in a way that "honours" the 2016 referendum. Her sub text to us all is "really really bad idea this", she put Davis in charge!
It will, but along with half of society. #Brexit needs to be stopped before millions are damaged. #PeoplesVote is needed now.
Big #business admits Brexit agreement is 'not a good deal' #business #news
She should keep her mouth shut if this is what is coming out.
It is just unfathomable how we have been led to this place by such incompetence. Given that how can we rely on these people to clean up the mess and negotiate our position in the world post the proposed #Brexit
Here is where I explain the bill
Nish or using his predictive text name of Bush just irritates the shit out of me so I don't watch it! Maybe you could use Brexit to oust him?!
Not again..."protecting the rights of and "... Not all rights are protected Not all rights are protected Not all rights are protected Not all rights are protected Not all rights are protected Not all rights are protected Not all rights are protected
Patronising much? If you love 'democratic ballots' so much, why do you appear to be so scared of the outcome of a #PeoplesVote on the actual #Brexit deal?
You have to back up your tweet insisting remain have never had above 50% or you will always accused of having #Corbynglasses
TM playing a blinder, telling remainers it’s deal or no deal, at the same time telling leavers its deal or no Brexit. I wonder if anyone will notice?
Scaremongering !
Pissed off sell-out trying to undermine the party for succeeding without him.
John Barrowman has been listening to those pro-brexit guys too long 'It's a shit plan - but we are going to stick to it!' #ImACeleb
Naively I’m shocked - please read!!
My family &amp; friends can attest to the fact I predicted a Trump &amp; BREXIT win very early on, also that Trump was a good guy but May very dark. The EU will collapse well before we get out.
So the £440m per week the UK is losing due to brexit is not a problem?
The Brexit bio is still going strong on Tinder.
Have you read this BTW? It's very good on English delusions, and a little of it even rings some bells for me (but OTOH that could just be the tinnitus)
It is anti brexit but regardless of the options put forward no one person decides. So it is democratic. If people vote to leave so be it. If they vote to stay so be it. We now know what it means - that is why all options should be on the table so people can choose.
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Denmark, Germany, Netherlands and Finland join countries halting weapons sales to Saudi Arabia #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit
To build a brighter future by removing all our free movement rights. What an appalling legacy you will have Prime Minister.
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
People's Vote campaign opens Brexit shop selling 'worst deals in Europe': #comms
Britain is caught between a rock and a hard place when it comes to Gibraltar and Brexit
Tomorrow's front page: Thousands of EU nationals living in Scotland to move back to Europe instead of facing Brexit without indyref2
Has Shadow Home Secretary anything to say on the refusal of to deny &amp; the FOI from the Home Office which indicate a cover up of the decision of May as Home Secretary to block an MI5 request to probe Arron Banks Russia Links.
Steve you keep going mate...until they offer you the knighthood or 1BILLION Quid that theyre offering Mps to vote for her WA.... #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Rollox .... it isnt the #brexit I and 17.4 million voted for
Major Brexit donor Arron Banks denies cash came from Russia - and changes mind about leaving EU
Very depressing...
Best opening couple of paragraphs to a political sketch ever. Brilliant.
I so clearly remember this from 1963. How it resonated with the people of #Poland and #Hungary who 7 years earlier had fled their uprisings and were greeted warmly by the people of #SouthWales. Now the valleys of #Brexit. #JFK
United Kingdom . Gone in 60 seconds. What a legacy you xenophobic madwoman .
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Quite so. It's #Brexit on an artistic level! —National Theatre: When We Have Sufficiently Frustrated Everyone - Sign the Petition! via
Brexit supporters.
May is a humiliation for Britain
While voted with the for #brexit and sacked Labour front benchers for NOT voting Tory!!
Comedy Gold...God forbid the blame lies with the ones who sold Brexit in the first place
Calling Rees-Mogg "a sort of Talentless Mr Ripley". All hail
You, Steve, look like an intelligent person. It's them in the House that are looking like idiots! Rock on and keep warm!
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
#World #News PM May faces parliamentary ‘war of attrition’ to deliver Brexit LONDON: Prime Minister Theresa May’s trial by parliament to deliver on her Brexit plan is only just beginning. Between now and March 29, when Britain leaves the European Union…
The DUP will ‘look again’ at its support of May’s government if the Brexit deal passes parliament
Pssst. Dominic. You wanna proper Brexit? I've got 1000 tins of spam. Proper kosher stuff. Canadian. In fact Canada +++. I let you have them for a bargain by the end of March. Wot you say? Custhy? #Brexit #DominicRaab
Nothing to see here. Just the Irish Revenue telling the Irish Finance committee that there would be so few checks between Northern Ireland &amp; the Republic it wouldn't even warrant Trade Facilitation Posts away from the border (&lt;2% = &lt;200 freight vehicles per day) #Brexit #DUP18
- Are all these business leaders in line for knighthoods?
with the spanish threats, #eur #gbp pairs have become gambling bets for monday opening! good like! i have bet on the agreement-will-be-signed-on-sunday option! #brexit #trading #eurusd #gbpusd
It’s because it suits their agenda. People are fools, Remain or Leave, if they think democracy has anything to do with Brexit. If it didn’t suit powerful people near the circles of power, we wouldn’t be leaving the EU, no matter what the referendum result was.
I think it might be a start in deciding what the government believes Brexit to mean ? This is important in the sense that after all control of the process is in their hands.
What I like about the number 10 #brexit facts blogs is that they don't really rebut but essentially agree with what they are rebutting but don't like the language.
But what about your brexit plan B???????
Exactly.
Porkies, ? #BetrayalAgreement #Brexit #ecj #bbcaq #lbc #c4news #skynews #newsnight #itvnews #5live #bbcworld #radio4 #bbcqt #skypapers
#Brexit #PeoplesVote THE MECHANICS OF A FURTHER REFERENDUM ON BREXIT The report concludes that a further Brexit referendum is practically possible, but that decision-making bout any future referendum must take account of the need /...
Wow big gun can I borrow it for brexit pls I’ll give a plate of bacon and a pint of carling
John Barrowman in I’m A Celeb just said “come on Emily ,we’ve got to stick to the plan. It might be a shit one but we’ve got to stick to it.” Obviously taking a leaf out of Theresa May’s Brexit book.
John: "it may be a shit plan but we've got to stick to it..." Is he talking to Emily or Theresa May? #ImACeleb #Brexit
Brexit Broadcasting Corp sorry stopped watching 2 years ago.
Irish Revenue does not even envisage custom posts away from the border post Brexit. Rather checks at logistics warehouses. "Something that will distort the EU market will not be sourced from Northern Ireland into the South." #Brexit #DUP18
"We've got to stick to the plan. It might be a shit one but we've got to stick to the plan we've made." talking for Brexit Britain there. #ImACeleb #imacelebrity
ZDF News in Germany running the #currygate #Brexit con story. The restaurant owners are not happy with you #BrexitShambles
What is 'proper a Brexit' due to illnesses we have spent time with both sets of parents all voted Leave &amp; I'll check your solution meets the 'Voice of the peoples'' expectations - I quizzed them well
Wasn't the NHS supposed to benefit from Brexit Proposals?
Can't help but laugh every time your name is mentioned .
The former secretary of state thinks Europe needs to “get a handle” on immigration reform in order to fend off another Brexit. via
The abject nature of #TheresaMay's surrender deal was laid bare by the #Spectator &amp; yes, I've read the PM's rebuttal &amp; the Spectator's rebuttal of the rebuttal. The deal potentially puts the #EU in control until 2099. We need a #NoDealBrexit
They’re only supporting brexit to prevent EU anti tax avoidance directive!
Those involved are mostly supporters of Le Penn, Melenchon or politically apathetic. The latter demonstrate an interesting parallel with Brexit, with the politically disengaged find an outlet through the #GiletJaunes as their British peers did during the referendum.
I’m sure the extra 1 billion funding they blackmailed to side with the Tories they won’t be refunding should they “change their mind” on the confidence and supply deal. #Brexit #DUP
I added a video to a playlist Oh Shit, Brexit | Full Frontal with Samantha Bee | TBS
Your Brexiter pals had the key positions in govt for two years. They failed to deliver Brexit because Brexit as promised is undeliverable. It's your failure, no one else's. Own your shit.
Thatcher wouldn’t have Joined so was ousted. May wants to keep us in so she keeps her job Establishment stitch up to keep us in. The time for change is fast approaching
Exhibit B: Tory #Brexit -er says #EURef should be run again if Remain wins following murder of #JoCox ...
‘We’ve got a plan, it might be a shit plan but we’ve got to go with it now’ John Barrowman summing up #brexit right there #ImACeleb
"The Chair of Irish Revenue told the Irish parliament in 2017 that it’s “very unlikely” that anything like 2% of goods crossing the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic will be physically checked" #Brexit #DUP18
Britain to lose another sea gate. Spain ‘to reject Brexit deal’ without written Gibraltar pledge from UK
Cough, bride, cough
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
even peter daou is calling this out.
They'll realise too late. Only chance of good outcome was to oust May through the letters. Now every option is bad
Having to fundraise to buy baubles to cancel brexit.. #ItShouldntHappenToARemainer
#Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster - BBC News
Definitely Definitely
The #Brexit negotiations aren't between regional governments. Stop tweeting for attention and do your job if that isn't asking to much from an uneducated ethno-nationalist of course.
Please can you help to defeat Brexit first; after that we can all go back to hating the Tories.
Brexit tensions add to Gibraltar's 'tumultuous' relationship with Spain SPAINISH GANGSTERS ...UK MUST NOW WALK AWAY
. has managed to destroy its own reputation. I doubt whether there's any coming back from this.
#GeneralElection would be better for a positive way out of this Brexit hole. Another divisive #EURef with Tories in charge will not change anything. Leave will win. The original angry leavers will still vote leave plus the democratic remainers will support the original result.
"Fascism is therefore opposed to that form of democracy which equates a nation to the majority". You're all EU Remainer Fascists. Opposing the majority, blocking the mandate of democracy to #Brexit. Civil War looms. I'll do a Pepys diary. #PeoplesVote
I’m up north with my family, the rest of the GLWs are at home. So far: 1. Defending Brexit 2. Nonsensing that people are starving as a result of Tory policy. 3. People wouldn’t need foodbanks if they didn’t smoke/drink/TV 4. Judging overweight people, including googling photos
with the spanish threats, #eur #gbp pairs have become gambling bets for monday opening! good luck! i have bet on the agreement-will-be-signed-on-sunday option! #brexit #trading #eurusd #gbpusd
They vote with Tories most of the time anyway, this shouldn’t distract us from the fact that this Brexit deal is purely in the interest of the capitalist class
You endorse people breaking the law and getting away with it in the name of brexit? You’ve got zero credibility
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype
To be fair, any Brexit is a humiliation for Britain. Indeed even while we have still not left we are already an international laughing stock.
I do worry that DA could be right re 2nd referendum. I too want to Tories out, but re Brexit, what is it that she wants? You have to be for things, not just against them. Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
Wrong document. This isn't Brexit.
Ian McConnell: Hoofing ball out of park surely not the way to clear Brexit danger #bizforscotland
Why, why, why? .. is this person in our Parliament?? BUT.. if we adopt PR ( which we should) we will have to contend with maverick idiots like this. They are just aberrations of the system.
This BBC pgm - seven Qns. Two of which were “r u going to buy anything for Black Friday?” ... “do u go to bed dreaming of brexit?”. Another was a rhetorical from a stupid sycophant “I like your deal, what happens if it gets voted down” (obvious reply = I’m not planning for that)
. channeling his inner Theresa May tonight ‘keep going, stick with the plan, it may be a shit plan but we gotta stick with it now’ #ImACeleb #Brexit
The #Brexit negotiations aren't between regional governments. Stop tweeting for attention and do your job if that isn't asking too much from an uneducated ethno-nationalist of course.
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Theresa May hands Tory Brexiteer John Hayes a knighthood - weeks before crucial vote. By complete coincidence, John Hayes is one of the MPs who's been thinking about voting down her Brexit deal... #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
So your only answer is a second referendum. Which I think we might well get. And I hope remain wins. But what if leave won and took that as justification of a harder brexit. That broke more ties and hurt EU immigrants more. You will just shrug n say.. Brexit means Brexit?
This Brexit plan explanation is sheer propaganda and is grossly deceitful.
1: you never defined what you wanted. It was always vague and purely theoretical 2: no matter what you did or didn’t define, Brexit’s problem is that it was imagined by theoreticians without any regard to what was implementable in the real world
Irish Revenue "From a customs point of view, it is very unlikely that there will be anything approaching 2% referral for physical goods in regard to the type of goods that move between the North and the South." #DUP18 #Brexit
The Guardian view on foreign policy: thinking small when the rest are going big. #Brexit Britain is recusing itself from a level of influence on the global stage and downgrading its clout in the world | Editorial
Care to elaborate on that at all? And give us a sense of how many and whether they or not they are from across a spectrum of Brexit/political views.
Rubbish. Parliament is in a bubble not the real world
The Irony the irony
This Sums up Brexit...
Britain's curry houses supported #Brexit but now they risk mass closure due to the vote
Nostaligia sells. Crystal Maze, Pokemon, Brexit. All proof.
UK: All about Brexit and politics - Danske Bank -
Should be a pretty simple debate for Jeremy and friends after this...
A (usefully) sobering blog post re: May's impossible #Brexitdeal
You mean, for clarity you know: is at fault for not honouring his constituents voting intention.. Not that Brexit of any form makes sense: best deal is remaining in the EU under these circumstances.
looks demented!
With another bung??
A pleasure to be a guest on this evening discussing Brexit.
Sadly over in #Britain the are also about as bad as Trump. Promoting damaging #fracking and just obsessed with greed, capitalism and their #Brexit
If you think May's "deal" is the best possible, you're an idiot. May is knowingly involved in a conspiracy to thwart #Brexit Copy The EU does not want a deal. This anti-democratic empire wants to crush Brexit
So we need Walesxit and Scotxit too, then. Glad England has its own Brexit plan!
Have a read. It's interesting
No wonder they think we're stupid, they're as thick as THREE short planks.
Nice to see these folk finally waking up to the reality of Brexit
Do let us know when Brexit is ready though please.
oh forgot: * March 19: special EU council a50 invokes the agreement (no i don't know why there's so much signing and agreeing, not a legal man)
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Hey...piss off Hain
Corbyn is a lad but Brexit as a whole is on the ropes mate, with China and Russia on the rise we want to have allies as the EU not be separate
Off the shelf EEA/EFTA wouldn't work, but with a customs deal on top it would. But that would be for the deal after the withdrawal agreement, and I don't see it as incompatible with it. In fact I think it is the most likely outcome, if we leave with the agreement.
More likely a senior, relatively neutral figure with clean hands to see them through the crisis. Soames?
Which #EU country do you think will be the next to leave the #EU? #Brexit #Greece #Italy #Hungary #Ireland #UK #EuropeanUnion #Exit
And is correct, only one credible question: "Do you wish to stay in the European Union or do you wish to leave on the terms agreed by Theresa May". #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Reminders appear to be responsible for nothing it's all gone wrong because of a remainer namely Theresa May
Absolutely none of that matters to me. But I'm relatively irrelevant. I want my children to be Europeans not little Englanders with an island mentality &amp; so do they. We're in 2018 not 1968. Our future lies in Europe. Brexit is alien to most people under 30
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected —— NO DEAL IS BETTER THAN ‘A’ BAD DEAL
Irish Revenue on a company selling fruit &amp; veg from Northern Ireland to the Republic post Brexit "it is unlikely that goods of that type would be selected for physical examination, particularly if the destination was an approved operator." #DUP18
Spain accuses UK of treachery over Gibraltar Brexit deal Guardian
Brexit in one picture
The British people in the City If London, no one else matters to the tories or the UK GOVERNMENT!! #Brexit
Hi there, maybe you can explain how Brexit will benefit the poorest in our society?
You are a plague on democracy. An unelected, traitorous, entitled piece of detritus #brexit
Get over yourself Gordon. Your anger mat be justified but at the wrong people. The EU was not the cause of your misery, neither were foreigners. Someone gave you a scapegoat, you took it and ran with it. This is what Brexit looks like beacuse it is we that are leaving.
Oh what a schadenfreude *palm face*
"...access to UK waters must be part of any future trade deal with Britain..." Bye the bye, note that want to continue to freeload aka have access to UK fisheries after what their still calling "#Brexit"-----so that when comes round...! #Fishermen #Donegal
hi love your work what do you think of Brexit?
Want to hear about privacy and Cambridge Analytica, and data Protection in a Brexit UK? Tune in now. Then if you want to hear more you can come our conference
UK could still be tied to EU rules at next general election
The real #Brexit bill: Northern Ireland.
State of this thread.. Brexiters realised they got a dog's breakfast and start calling it Remain's fault. Because the 48% ran government, civil service, the lot. Uh-huh. It'd be funny if it wasn't so Weimar.
Don't let the politicians con us out of an aching brexit and leave us with a passionate brexit!
PM tells CBI: Brexit deal will set UK on path to prosperity
Bloody well hope so!
More likely Europe would need help from EU central bank. What will they do without our £39billion for starters?
Roger - could you tweet some of your "EU Experiences" and on why you voted for Brexit. I think the public would like to hear about them. Regards Ian
do you believe that Brexit effects the GFA?
You should pitch this synopsis to major movie studios
Do you agree that Britain would vote for Brexit again if there was a second EU referendum?
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
Sadly it’s Remainers that seem to be running things at the moment. Hopefully that won’t be the case for long.
We've already lost over £300M of inward investment due to the uncertainty caused by Brexit and we haven't even left yet.
Brexit is an Islamic trick to break up the West and take over, Pres Trump is an obvious Saudi puppet. Be careful because Islam easily deceives naive people who think they are geniuses.
I like having the option of living, working and studying in 27 other countries, as do most people of my generation. Your so-called 'deal' is a disaster #PeoplesVote
Former Brexit secretary Dominic Raab has said staying in the EU would be preferable to exiting on Theresa May’s terms
The DUP will 'look again' at its support of May's government if the Brexit deal passes parliament via
Did Russian Cyber-attacks influence the Brexit Vote ?
Watch eviscerate here on Brexit Deal #TopTable — Biggest fraud since... via
Corbyn is not interested in winning power for . If he would, he would listen to the people he pretends to represent.
Totally disgraceful!!!!!!!!!!!
Good to see one member of the wine trade talking about environmental stuff. Sadly though..the rest of the wine trade is over obsessed with Brexit while ROME BURNS!
There's a prime opportunity to destroy the unionist vote in NI forever by turning the blame for no money going to NI (when DUP pull out) onto intractable unionists. When Joe public are hit in the pocket principles go out the window #brexit
I dont mean to make a direct comparison, because obviously brexit and switching arent the same and wont have the same outcome. What I mean is that people were angry about those reasons for leaving but theyre not angry about using essentially the same reasons for sticking with PAL
On the new brexit negotiations, “26 pages of waffle”. -Jeremy Corbyn
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected &gt; every time I see stills from this interview I keep thinking of Mr Burns #TheSimpsons
Unless it's racist red ball-hat wearing "politics," yep. And as a current EU citizen likely to no longer be an EU citizen, there are things I can say about Brexit, none of them polite.
If you think brexit is baubles...
EU wants closest possible partnership with Britain after Brexit - draft | Reuters
More fully explained here.
What if: wants the deal to be voted down so she can call a snap election and campaign on the accusation that are trying to frustrate Brexit, deny democracy, act against the National Interest? (Seems to me that that campaign has already begun)
Armagh-born MP 'surprised' by reaction to Brexit deal in North
Go away shill! All Brits lose their right to live, work, love in the EU, be they skilled or unskilled. You still haven’t told me even one benefit of Brexit - because there are none. Goodbye!
Why this comment from Hillary Clinton in the first place? Is she not aware of refugee crisis from Syrian civil war?
#BrexitBroadcastinCorporation. Their product these days is as close to #Propaganda as makes no difference. The post-#Brexit public enquiry will be ... "interesting". #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Politics is a changing science if a science at all. Comments like "It's not the best of three" etc., make politics into a cartoon and demonstrate that the arguments around Brexit (leaving) are just a mockery of the political process.
2. I was going to represent at an event in Brittany about agriculture and had to give a talk about Scottish agriculture (and for me, the effects of Brexit as that's a big discussion at the moment)
Let’s hope so
The narrative now is that it *could* have been so much better if only the extremists had been driving. There’s less than zero evidence for this claim but hey, plus ça change. Sigh. #BrokenBritain
I do hope it will be as reliable as CorbynFacts.
Quite a paragraph.
My point doesn't attack Brexit voters. Just those seeking to silence democracy. Is my point flawed at all? If you think that a decision without information is just as valid as one with information and you proudly exclaim "we already voted" by definition you celebrate it ignorance
I think it's still trying to recurse through 'Brexit means Brexit'...
Yeah I'm not on board with her take at all. We need more diverse communities not less. Populists and nationalists need to learn they're wrong (as they didn't from all the war obvs), not be pandered to.
are all "under orders", and yes, they will all be toast. Corbyn isn't interested in pursuing true #Brexit, as it doesn't fit his agenda. Other parties won't get enough votes.
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Totally agree with you Bonnie. The last referendum was based on an artist’s impression of Brexit, this time we’ve got the crime scene photos.
It's why as those elsewhere in Europe but let us to shape the talent in Europe. #brexit
will you do this please? Stroud voted remain. You represent them. Voters know so much more now. Those aged 16-18 whose future is at stake couldn’t vote. Put Party politics aside. This is too serious. Test the “will of the people”. Democracy, please.
Brexit will still mean UKIP is there, they will start demanding more because they are getting their way and the conservatives will follow to the right to keep getting votes, adapting to their vision. Stop that and slowly UKIP will stop.
Why don't they do something about it?
Shocked as I am to say it, there does appear to be an establishment conspiracy against Brexit via
all the facts out in the open .....you can't win... #brexit. Scared of a true. #PeoplesVote
So the £440m per week the UK is losing due to brexit is not a problem?
True, but there are widely differing opinions on her Brexit deal, and there are other news stories than Brexit. The vote is still a week or two away; to me there’s a danger of them effectively just promoting the PM’s key message day after day. Headlines stick in people’s minds.
Should be way ahead of a government incompetent and vile as this. He's inflexible - stupidity over the anti-semitism and sexist as many of the Tories - first cabinet had no women in the top jobs. He ignores good of the country and wishes of most members in not opposing Brexit
How can you take Raab seriously?! One minute he is Brexit secretary next minute he denounces the work of the team he was part of!!
As always it’s the small print that counts! Well done Ed to challenge this.
The wild promises,lies and deceit surrounding brexit have now come to a head.Mays deal,is a disaster,No Deal is a catastrophe. TOTAL MESS.
Just to remind the fuckwits on here just because you voted remain doesn’t mean your exempt from her spineless Brexit deal !!!!
Dude even RTraister the author of Bernie Bros, Obama Boys, and HRC post election rehabilitation piece realized that HRC fucked up yesterday. Get your head out of your fanboy ass and stop stanning.
EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News - Legislatives - YouTube
In bed with the Tories again.. #FBPE
I have just been sickened to learn that my Tory MP who hasn’t said a word on Brexit except a sarcastic retort to me for daring to ask his view on the WA has just been given a Knighthood - never voting for Chris Pincher or the Conservative party again.
Instead you should be telling her to stick her confidence and supply Agreement where the sun doesn’t shine. She has a black heart and cares naught for our country or the Union. No deal is a great deal and the Irish will realise who their real friends are.
Stop the madness of Brexit. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Jan 2017: ToryUKIP #Brexit -er calls Remainers "waste of space"...
This woman is quite simply deranged
please please stand up We need honesty NO Brexit
Post-#Brexit Britain should come out in support of #Catalan independence. We can offer them the Common Travel Area, and invite them to join the customs backstop
But , if your war with Spain goes ahead there'll have to be a "backstop" for Ibiza!
#Brexit We're leaving, get over it!
Eventually
They cannot veto Brexit but they can veto the Brexit deal after we have left, which is a little worrying.
compares living under Trump vs. Brexit to the difference between psychosis and depression. That is brilliant and true. Also true that depression is, in its way, a kind of psychosis: a crushing inability to tolerate (and hiding away from) reality. May also apply
This is not the Brexit I voted for . I did not want a halfway house. You have had 2 years to deliver a dogs dinner. Remember, “No deal is better than a bad deal”. Well this is a bad deal. Lets go for a No deal or Remain in EU to have another go to leave the EU later.
After #Brexit, Another Vote Looms Over Europe's Finance Industry - Bloomberg
Britain is caught between a rock and a hard place when it comes to Gibraltar and Brexit
Brexit, Dutton, Trump! All 3 are great, maybe we need to split to finally put scumbag media back into line &amp; get this country moving forward again.
So we rely on goods from the EU.... hmmm are we going to stop buying these goods because we are having brexit?
Karina Wilsher, Anomaly's next global CEO, on the Ad Lib podcast: Karina Wilsher discusses Anomaly’s commitment to IP (and its Dosist cannabis pen), the struggles of its parent company and the Brexit ‘shitshow.’ Wilsher sat down with the Ad Lib podcast…
Indeed a majority of them voted against Grieve's original amendment on a meaningful vote!
See here.
#May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject #Brexit deal. &lt; for my money ... she’s so out of touch ... it’d be good riddance!
I don't fancy your chances much. You don't seem like a very good fighter
There was never a time when Steve stood alone against Brexit. From day 1 after the referendum there have been millions of us backing him.
Nigel, I'm sorry but you have totally disappointed me my friend. It was you and Brexit and UKIP that got my interest in politics. I used to think you were brilliant. I'm afraid your comments on Gerard, UKIP and Tommy have really frustrated me.
'Leaving without a deal IS #BREXIT' Economist savages Theresa May deal as terrible mistake ECONOMIST Andrew Lilico has called Theresa May’s Brexit withdrawal plan terrible and has said Britains initial plan to strike up a leave deal with the EU was...
I wrote about the Falklands here
The man is over 70 with a lifetime of public service and still going strong. If that’s his wife Ann she served years in prison she said was wrong conviction. Much worse waste every day totaling millions by Eurocrats swopping papers on Brexit &amp; other “issues” with no care for cost
FIGHT BACK: Tommy, UKIP Team Up For March Against The Brexit Betrayal via
Look, . This man is against Brexit and in favor of "Catalanexit". Don't believe his words. Believe his acts. Take a look. Who helped him to have "his own" Government? Extrem left parties, former terrorist members, and anticonstitutionalists supremacists. Watch out!
In 70 years time do you reckon there'll be an outfit called the Brexit Babes, hawking mawkish shouty renditions of 2019's pop choons to nostalgic catastrophists?
I don't give a shit who will be blamed. I am prepared to take an economic hit. This once great nation is being systematically destroyed before our eyes. I voted to leave, those who don't agree with the democratic decision should bugger off somewhere else, moslem country perhaps.
I couldn’t agree with you more. you constantly quit. Made a mockery of the Brexit campaign by resigning after the vote, rather than ‘leading’ the country forward you just quit, as you did with your family. Sir, do you even have 1 cell of decency or integrity
Are you practising for a stand up routine these days or is this some kind of bizarre antidote to Brexit ? I observe that since the news got worse you have become very Les Dawson?
This G’ment is a collective waste of space. It is time to leave on #WTO terms. Why can’t these f**kwits see this? Those great true Tory PMs Churchill and Thatcher will be spinning in their graves.
I have just been sickened to learn that my Tory MP who hasn’t said a word on Brexit except a sarcastic retort to me for daring to ask his view on the WA has just been given a place on the Privy Council - never voting for Chris Pincher or the Conservative party again.
Not what you for.What you said would be ACHIEVED post Brexit in the referendum. If Brexit fails you and your kind would be responsible. Don't try and run away from what you helped create
Should a knighthood be for destroying your country?
Seriosly it would be better to get the current deal through than have to decide on an alternative plan?
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
So Hammond to attend DUP Party Conference. Wonder how much this will cost? - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
He’s absolutely right Time for a new PM
If you’re a Flight Attendant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in the South East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Grace, yes, but the story will unfold like it always has: Labour gets in, the Brexit mess pollutes them and the Tories waltz back in after one term. Fucked. Better to reform the EU. The time is right.
100% correct. Make the franchise bigger. #PeoplesVote
Anybody apart from still think a 1.9 percentage margin obtained by Criminality, offshore money, overspending and lies is "THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE" ? Anybody still think the a majority of the public want Brexit ? Anybody think it's still a good idea ?
Theresa May has her own idea of what Brexit entails. Unfortunately it bears no resemblance to what 17.4 million thought they were voting for in the referendum. It doesnt really matter she wont be PM for very long anyway.
You need to educate yourself: Start here:
We will surrender our defence to Germany and France this is not going to end well
CFGS Director was asked by to give his expert opinion on the latest UK-EU post-Brexit agreement. #Brexit #UKpolitics #UVIC
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Brexit news: EU27 list new demands to lock UK into joint fishing deal | UK | News |
The most powerful motivation behind my desire to see the back of Trump and #Brexit are that we are now in a race against time against climate change, a life or death emergency for our children and grandchildren, and both are major obstacles to the necessary international action.
Genie grants three wishes first one I want Man Utd to win the league by ten points o'er that's impossible second I want a billion that too is way out third wish I want to deliver a Brexit we all voted on, genie let's have another look at them first two.
"The whips are offering bribes of knighthoods and peerages to get people to go around telling people to back the prime minister or we will get Corbyn,' said one MP."
The DUP are holding all the Brexit aces. They must sink Theresa May and her lousy deal.
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote
Basically you are saying if only the plebs knew their place and voted like they were told to vote the elites would not have had a Brexit deal to sabotage.
I've spent many hours with "what if" questions on and the Tommy Robinson case A caveat: I'm not fully a supporter of Robinson. I've decided that, as long as it is a one off, thosr we lose are ones not intent on winning Brexit. We'll gain far more than we lose.
The "brexit" criminals are the ones who will now emigrate, when their corruption is stopped- if indeed they can escape from the UK before the Police catch up with them ...
With a vaguely sensible government policy we can organise a customs partnership with RoI to keep us outside the EU CU. The problem is we seemingly don't have any vaguely sensible politicians in the Tories *or* Labour. Many of them seem to think stopping FoM is all that matters.
Irony is a fascist criticising the cadaver in charge of the swivel-eyed racists
JHB doesn't let facts get in the way of a good rant, but she might be advised to study a bit of Leibniz, `She's fallen hook line and sinker for the masked man fallacy. To simplify it Julia, Brexit means Brexit. There is no 'that's not MY brexit".
the brexit
I'm probably missing something, but wasn't that exactly your job?
More of my tax went toward paying interest on the National Debt than went to the EU. In exchange I have the option of living and working across a continent. Seems like a fair trade to me. Your deal is rubbish. It has unified leavers and remainers in how bad it is! #brexitchaos
The truth about a no-deal Brexit
Sadly
Yes but Jamrs O'Brien had to relinquish his role as occasional Newsnight presenter because of his string views on Brexit.
I'm afraid he is what has been created by the brexit machine. This does not stop until...... I don't think this will stop. We just have to be stronger, more resilient and more aggressive..... when it's required
Do they also feel shame about trashing the Labour party and a socialist democratic movement ,not just about Brexit but a media attack on democracy
Few things worse than opening a CD case in the car and finding no disc inside.
March 20016: Tory #Brexit -er suggests status of EU nationals will not change...
The only thing worse than this deal would be a 'proper' Brexit. I.e. a hard border in Ireland, lorries queueing for miles in Kent, shortages of food and medicines. Brexit was always a stupid idea. Turns out that reality is a remainer.
Ed Miliband. If he didn't stand against his brother in 2010: more competent opposition to coalition government by Yvette Cooper or David Miliband; Labour wins 2015 election; no EU referendum; possibly even no Trump (he and Bannon definitely emboldened by Brexit vote result).
I just wish someone knew what a 'true Brexit' is. I mean one that is deliverable not an idealist's fantasy.
Why delighted ?, he is a remainer and has been peddling the message , vote for Mays deal or get no Brexit ???.... he has never once said anything positive about Brexit , neither has May , remainers through and through , #brexitbetrayal can’t believe you use the work delighted
...you’ve backed this Brexit deal through principle for a long time, right?
You can bet that Farage Mogg Redwood Banks and Mr May et al will al make sure they bet against the £ #itvnews #channel4news #c4news #bbcpapers #skypapers #bbcqt #r4today #marr #bbcaq #BBCR4today #Newsnight #bbcdp #bbcsp #GMB #PoliticsLive #bbcaq #ITN #bbcpm
I predicted 6 months ago that Vauxhall would not exist in fives years if brexit goes ahead. I stand by thisl
No problem sir. Lets hope we do remain and this Brexit shambles ends soon
Staying in the EU is the safest of all deals. Brexit is the reckless deal. Are you 5...or more likely 105 having lost all sense of reason(
Negotiations for what? There is no Brexit deal that leaves us better off than we are now, stop the Lexit charade.
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Another thing to blame Brexit for!! Prices went up 25% after the vote....
No - I just cannot vote for a party that explicitly or implicitly supports Brexit.
You are being too kind. is much much worse
Well done May... #uselessConservativeGovernment
#Brexit. Not as close as you thought.
Utter bullshit.
I have made those comparisons. There is very little to compare actually. Scotland unlike Catalonia had a referendum on independence in 2014, Catalonia's ballot was disrupted by undemocratic Madrid just like Brexit is being suppressed by undemocratic Brussels.
Theresa Mays Brexit deal is already doomed i think. So many people seem to think it won't even get through parliament, and they may be right! Honestly if we're going to leave, we'd be better off leaving without a deal. Yes it would be tough to start with but we'd get through it.
Yet, in truth, there is little evidence that Mr Corbyn’s campaigning efforts – or those of any other Labour politician – made much difference either way to the willingness of Labour supporters to vote for remain.
Don't disagree. But he's a terrible leader and facilitator of Brexit
If you ever wonder how Trump and Brexit and facists all over Europe happened, read the YouTube comments on any video from the Anastasia animated film. Bunch of kids wishing the Romanov’s survived.
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
This thread is brilliant. What a bunch of shitehawks the Tories are over #brexit
We've been hearing "parliament will stop #Brexit any minute now" for two years. Time for Scotland to go it's own way.
I was speaking domestically. Brexit is unavoidable and a huge opportunity, meanwhile a few exceptionally stupid tweets from a guy called Femi resulted in this :-)
How are you going to celebrate with Philip? Counting all of the millions we have made through out wars and brexit. Which will help absolutely no one. This is a nightmare of biblical proportions and I am an atheist. You couldn't make this up! The walking dead personified!
She is a complete traitor to democracy. She is a compulsive liar &amp; a fraud. #brexit She is a power mad europhile who wants to see the crazy #brussels project succeed &amp; will sell out her own people to do it.
This is what #Brexit really looks like
It’s hard to overstate just how thick this piece is.
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
This is *good* news? Why not cancel Christmas, too? On the bright side, there are just 126 shopping days to #Brexit. Though I hear Theresa ReMayne has a secret plan to bring it forward one month, to 29 February 2019.
. lucky Theresa; please do tell her how and why Brexit keeps you awake
He’s way out of touch with the relative importance most British people attach to keeping Gibraltar integral versus how they feel about saving this doomed Brexit agreement
#Spain threatens to veto #Brexit agreement over Gibraltar
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster #BorisJohnson to make speech - time to put up or shut up #boris #Churchillian moment -#politics need statesman -new western leader - that you Boris ? Or will someone else step forward #Brexit
Instant .... (what do they call it?)
The EU literally means the EUROPEAN UNION. IT DOES NOT BELONG TO ANY ONE COUNTRY.
She’s there until the end of brexit. Then she’ll disappear a very wealthy woman. Job done. Thank eu.
They should feel shame. has been complicit with the brexiteers and their lies.
Nazi Kermit here, busily trying to work out how to climb off his far-right tiger without being eaten...
Some notes on the various border checks that already happen between Northern Ireland and the Republic. Irish Revenue have said 3-8 Trade Facilitation posts upto 20km away checking 6% of freight (but now say less than 2% with checks "in the market") #DUP18
Bloody traitor..you tell the people of Gibraltar that!
My feeling: until now UK had a foot in and a foot out, with Brexit UK will have a foot out and a foot in, EU will pretend UK is out but in fact it is in.
Guys moving assets to Dublin do not stand up for brexit, they’re bloody traitors, shame on them
And you wonder why so many people voted for brexit, and yet their voices are still been ignored!!
We still have time to change the record on that. Pressure is growing for another referendum with the the option to stay. We were subjected to the same Russia financial and social media grooming towards brexit that brought the USA Trump. Russia check mated both USA &amp; UK in 2016.
Since the #Brexit #WA was released I have been waiting and asking for my Conservative MP’s view on it for me as a #Leave voter and as #Tamworth who voted Leave - guess this is why he hasn’t said anything at all except yes please to the privy council . Makes me sick #ChrisPincher
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
The result of the first referendum hasent been delivered yet - so I'd suggest holding a second referendum 'right now' would be extremely undemocratic. #Brexit #BrexitMeansBrexit
Disgusting, shameful - I'm running out of words to describe this....
Our Prime Minister, leader of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland implies that she can't guarantee that we will be better off after #brexit it will just be different. Thanks for fuck all after two years....
Looks a bit like Myra Hindley too , in this pic ! (nightmares)
FYI: Germans can keep dual citizenship after Brexit if the other citizenship was acquired while Britain was still in the EU (or during transition if a specific German law passes... which I expect).
No Sr Sanchez. You can't veto #Brexit. You can veto the deal if you like. We don't mind.
'Talentless Mr Ripley'.. XX
Everyone knows any version of Brexit is a disaster. Knock the whole sorry business on the head and you will earn the undying gratitude of the majority of the British public.
I keep telling you it’s Labour’s anti-Europe and Brexit loving leaders that need kicking out. Can’t you have a word with them?
“ Ending free movement”. Whether that unfolds as better for #UK citizens in/outside the country is yet to be revealed? Highly contested. But it does re-confirm the underlying #brexit impulse was centred around that old English anxiety about “others”? #EU
Anti-Brexit Black Friday shop offers 'worst deal ever' Indeed, indeed. via
this the government s fault for not doing brexit !take some responsibility not keep blaming others ! This is 40 years of not listening
I agree with Portillo 90% of the time, but he's entirely wrong here. The Leave campaign went to great lengths to reassure people that Brexit wouldn't mean No Deal. Remember 'the easiest deal in history', the 'exact same benefits', BMW telling Merkel to give us what we want, etc.
Do the Brexit knowledge quiz yourself
So? This is pathetic!! #TheresaMay to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial #Brexit vote
I think many of you will enjoy this . #Brexit #Irexit
No it’s really not. It’s really not. It’s a choice. The choice can be stopped.
Northern Ireland and Brexit, chip-makers dipping, and coffee grown in Sicily - this week's People &amp; Profit #f24
Scare tactics. That's all it is. has already confirmed in the House of Commons that "No #Brexit" is a possibility because "there are MPs in this House who want to #Remain in the European Union". So, quite simply, Brexit can be stopped and #HardBrexit is just a scare.
That's what I told you, except for the sorted bit, because it isn't sorted:
#Benghazi &amp; Two-Time Loser Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Exclusive: PM to unveil low-skilled migrant crackdown days before crunch vote on Brexit Leaked Cabinet paper reveal 2 plans under consideration: * Issuing low-skilled EU migrants with 11-month visas * Allowing those aged 18-30 into UK for 2 years
Opposition MPs have accused the Home Office of a “major cover-up” and called on the govt to “ditch the obfuscation” and “come clean” amid media reports that May as home secretary blocked a proposed probe into Banks ahead of the Brexit vote. #PeoplesVote
Best buddy after Brexit, assuming it happens?
Wonder if he has the same stance on Catalonian independence
You, David Davis and other Brexit ultras in cabinet had the power to drive this any way you wanted. This is Brexit and Brexit means Brexit. So many people told you at the beginning of this process that your Brexit it was impossible and so it has proven. It was always a fantasy.
The polls showing Corbyn is still even less popular a choice for PM than Theresa May is... if Labour have any sense at all they'll get rid.... Think Kevin the Carrot would beat him at an election... ffs... #Brexit
"Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit" -
You've always been clear you've always been clear...
Good point. Asking here if someone has already made up a meme with the Rock of Gibraltar as the iceberg lying in front of the SS Brexit-Titanic? Maybe there'll be something in tomorrow's papers.
No border. Yes. That would require change on both sides.
You missed your rationality which proves your are still very upset that "everybody" didn't agree with you. It's ok, the medication will still arrive after brexit so hold in there, you'll be fine.
A really posh village somewhere in Surrey is missing its fucking idiot.
This is a better fact check
... but if English nationalists do push through Brexit, that will the end of the UK - an out-dated institution, resistant to reason + orderly citizenship
Have you seen this
2 and half years, in the govt, in the cabinet, Brexit Secretary sat at the negotiating table... you have fought and have been exposed and found out. Danny Dyer had it right
I do believe this government are finished, there is now a tiny slither of light at the end of the tory tunnel.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
What if Britain recedes #Gibraltar to #Catalonia instead of back to the Spanish belligerents? #Brexit
I hate Brexit but just to clarify... EU proposes reciprocal visa-free travel arrangement for Brits. ... If honoured, UK citizens would not require a visa The Govmt is saying more Taxes and more cuts could mean more money for the NHS (but Brexit losses will probably wipe that out)
Drink wine! Threaten them with watching news all about brexit x
Everything is perception... Every business is a marketing business, especially governments.
The Prime Minister will also announce that she will scrap the tier 2 cap on highly skilled migrants after Brexit - that's doctors. nurses, engineers etc. The fundamental 'tenet' of the new system will be a 'universal' approach. EU and Non-EU migrants will be treated the same.
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected You traitor
[Li:ving]20181122 #Li:ving2018 #brexit-130 #jroh #living #leaving #dailydrawing #1hour labour #london , United Kingdom
June 2016: #Brexit voter tells that Brexit is about "stopping Muslims" ...
No, Mrs May, ut in mare
Act of Settlement and Bill of Rights 1701 *Freedom to be governed by an elected parliament I'd like to know how she can offer all this to the EU, considering we voted out and we did not elect them. #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit
A clear majority in all the Northern Ireland Unionists parties voted for Brexit despite claims. According to IPSOS-Mori polling 91% TUV, 70% DUP, 54% UUP. 66% of all Unionist voters &amp; 71% of working class Loyalists. #Brexit #DUP18
Ahhh, the selfish Brexit idiot shows it’s true colours. Trashing the country to let your guys fulfill your Dads Army vision of British Destiny. Total swivel eyed loon mode
It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit' | via
50% of the Greens parliamentary party support Brexit as Jenny Jones has always been anti The EU
Me: “Dad, would you like me to bring you anything back from home (he is British) next week while I am in London?” Dad: “A Brexit souvenir “ Me: “What do those look like?” Dad: “Figure it out!” Me:
Get Brexit sorted.Then ban the loan companies that are charging extortionate interest rates.Also companies likes Brighthouse that are getting poorer people into more debt.
Can't we have a supersonic Brexit, a galactic Brexit, a Cosmic Brexit?
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
Terrible news for the area Justin. No doubt many are constituents of in my constituency of Birkenhead. He has lived and breathed the Brexit dream. Perhaps he would be happy to explain the benefits of Brexit to them?
Farage knows the blokes with the pointy hats will be looking to have a word in his ear fairly soon. He can look forward to an Economy class one-way ticket to the States for his soon to be convened meeting with Mueller. 99 years solitary sounds about right for this lying bastard!
SIT UP AND TAKE NOTE- Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
that's precisely what I'd ask, assuming "leave" was an option. Jo johnson made it clear that, for him, it wouldn't be.
Good God woman time to give up. You don't know what you want. Nor does the British public. Your lies need to stop and those of Brexit too. A third referendum is the onlym way forward. Put your country not your party first.
. Market Insights podcast (episode 41) - #US #UK #EU #Brexit #Italy #FAANG #ECB
It's gas he accuses our government of incompetence on this when it's 100% in our interest to give those fools a soft brexit.
No deal is the best deal! EU knows it. Don’t let remainers negotiate Brexit! UK needs to be fully out out of the EU to gain any benefit of leaving.
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
British woman living in France complains about immigrants without a sense of irony
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
everyday since brexit was proposed #Brexit
I suppose, on the plus side, if brexit is revoked it will have wasted a lot of non-taxpayers money.
George must know that if Labour gets in to power there will be no Brexit...Corbyn can't control the globalist Blairites in the party.
If the public is intelligent enough to understand the consequences of ending the EU Treaties. the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights, along with a whole library of EU law, then they're intelligent enough to understand a Brexit Agreement which is tiny by comparison. #PeoplesVote
Doesn't the PM realise that, WITHOUT all the LABOUR AND UKIP working class brexiteers, who LENT her their vote in last yr GE, Tories would likely have LOST the election? She owed us to deliver #brexit PROPERLY AND FULLY But we now feel stupid and betrayed
Stop speaking for me. Stop brexit.
compares living under Trump vs. Brexit to difference between psychosis and depression. That is brilliant and true. Also true that depression, in its way, a kind of psychosis: crushing inability to tolerate (and hiding away from) reality. May also apply right now
It was wonderful welcoming Vernon Coaker to our school!
Well post Brexit we will be a 'previously developed' country - so we can call it corruption then.
The Brexit deal explained!
Brexit war grave. I shall remember something
I do believe the tories are finished, not that long now
No way . that's what the globalists want.
As there was no outcome on the ballot paper, apart from Leave or Remain, it is impossible to know what was in the minds of those who voted Leave and it has become obvious in the last 2 years that each Leaver has their own version of Brexit.
#Brexit supporter offered cash for murder of Gina Miller ...
#FantasticBeastsTheCrimesOfGrindelwald I can honestly say Brexit is easier to understand!
See, Tories, two terms &amp; their done! I suppose one could call that inconsistency, or maybe down right erratic!
We want a #PeoplesVoteNow to #Remain in the EU. We don't want you, or your nasty divisive policies, and we don't want Brexit. Resign.
Brexit: Migrants give UK a wide berth as other options abound | DW | 21.11.2018 #brexit
Seeing a lot of traction for anti BBC bias around Brexit,you're no friend of democracy if you only call out bias when it's about your team, call out the political bias against socialist democracy of BBC if you believe in democracy .
Some 70%, or £7.7 billion in goods were sourced from Great Britain by local high street businesses in Northern Ireland, #Brexit #DUP18
Your Brexit “deal” is an utter disgrace &amp; you are betraying the entire UK due to your should be totally ashamed.The future of the UK is of far more importance than your pointless party politics.Seriously how is stopping freedom of movement good in any way?
We need to banish FPTP to the bin of history &amp; adopt an every vote counts PR. County style constituencies,~1/2m population returning ~5 MPs - no-party list, the voter selects the candidate they want. Votes for a party are aggregated and seats allocated in order of votes obtained.
A Corbynista's view of making a successful Brexit.
This one is more accurate than your lies
Really?
Good!
#Benghazi &amp; Two-Time Losing #Democrat Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop right-wing populists
Thanks , you've succeeded where Hitlers U-Boats failed, bringing Britain to it's knees.
Own it, own the toxic state of the country, own the racism you unleashed, own the intolerance, own the withdrawal shambles, own this bog roll brexit, a cheats charter
Thanks for voting everyone. Im of the view that she’s an appeaser as opposed to a deceiver.. but time will tell.. We just cant quit on Brexit!
All we did was vote to leave the EU. Peacefully, democratically. And look at how we've been treated. It's easy to forget sometimes that all we did was exercise our right to vote. Remainers have destroyed this country in their fury, not us. They're the problem, not Brexit.
The Art of the Bad Deal.
Why do #FBPE people think brexit will necessitate austerity? It’s a political choice brought about by government policy. If some catastrophe halved our economy, austerity wouldn’t be any more necessary or sensible. We would still need public investment (perhaps even more so).
Article is good, not necessarily saying it wants to stop or halt immigration, but saying that centrist policymakers need sounder approaches to the issue, to reduce the fearmongering of populists.
The Major-General is absolutely right, this is a potential disaster
I don't believe a word....I don't trust HM Government one iota, or to act in the best interests of this country...all that matters to them is the profits in their back pockets, and avoiding new EU tax avoidance laws, due on Brexit day 'Coincidentally' #TakeThemToTheCleaners #GTTO
Looking forward to seeing tonight - can't wait to see their reaction to Nigel Farage's reaction to UKIP hiring Tommy Robinson!
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
Brexit supporting Conservatives and one Labour Brexiteer force government to abandon plans to ban military grade rifles. i think that tells you all you need to know about them
John Barrowman summrises #brexit ‘We’ve got a plan, it might be a shit plan but we’ve got to go with it now"
“The French actually invented something?” says Brexit bride on Gogglebox, regarding the Metric system. Yes dearie, as well as the cinema, pasteurisation, canned food, the aqualung, The Braille system, the sewing machine...
When you’ve read it, get back to me:
I love when you guys inspire me to make points I haven't made before:
Migrants are not the problem. Brexit, Trump, Guns, Racists, Fascists, Poverty, inequality, and climate change are. Might be time to refocus our aggression on those who deserve it...
Yes, cos clearly me saying he's in the public eye and as such should take responsibility for his words and actions can clearly only be motivated by jealousy. You know what? Let's end this, cheer him on if you like. I've got a Brexit to worry about.
What’s new at On Brexit: On Decolonising HigherEd: On the Solicitors Qualifying Exam: On the Undercover Policing Inquiry: #EU #Brexit #HigherEd #Spycops
Every knows as sure as eggs are eggs that Jolyon Rubinstein backs this Brexit deal. Ask anyone. Everyone knows.
Good, should feel anger and shame about . That can all be made good again though by doing the right thing and getting 100% behind #PeoplesVote. UK is waiting for the good guys to step up. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
So what exactly will stop day to day delivery of basic services? Terrifying- more of the usual project fear with no detail or substance.
You clearly are economically illiterate #remain idiot, so I won't waste any more time on you #brexit
via Brexiteer MP's THREE key reasons why Britain CANNOT have a second Brexit referendum #UK_News
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected Betreyal of UK people.Treason
Is it time to ditch #PeoplesVote and lobby for an effective and simple #Remain #Brexit now seems to have blown it?
You had a chance to figure out and articulate what that means and what the plan is. You failed 100%. Time to take the red pill and face reality. Time for #PeoplesVote with #remainoption #NotBuyingIt
Because that's what you voted for
he’s a smartie for saying uk &amp; eu tbh bc it can be confused if he just said eu (even tho we say fuck u to brexit)
Your Brexit “deal” is an utter disgrace &amp; you are betraying the entire UK due to your should be totally ashamed.The future of the UK is of far more importance than your pointless party politics.Seriously how is stopping freedom of movement good in any way?
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
`#BackTheBrexitDeal iif you look forward to Britain humiliated &amp; powerless (If not, #StopBrexit.)
91% of TUV voters, 70% of DUP voters &amp; 54% of UUP voters supported Brexit (UUP campaigned for Remain but now support implementing Brexit), according to IPSOS-Mori poll - Belfast #Brexit #DUP18
You've got to hand it to her #MayMustGoNow will stop at nothing to get what she wants - and it just shows you how low some will stoop to sell out their country - SHAME ON YOU!
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Brexit-proof your life: 20 ways to be pragmatic as we exit the EU - The Independent
Wonderful Brexit logic there ... it’d be funny if it wasn’t so fucking pathetic
Thought it was a spoof till I checked. Strange days in Brexit Britain.
Batten down the hatches..never thought Nigel Farage would be an advocate of multi culturalism!
We will def stop Brexit and the hard leavers now
Just another example of the lack of joined up thinking that Brexit has become. A mess!
Horse vanished many years ago, some speculate it’s now glue. Government decide they should now finally close the stable door despite the stable being demolished to make way for luxury flats.
And many, many more have business links to US healthcare companies.Brexit... giving control to US oligarchs with the blessing of Russian oligarchs.
Talking about Europe where she has no consequences... it's signalling to America's 'heartland', right? 2020 ahoy. (Maybe she's just mendacious - like Corbyn on Brexit - not evil.)
Hey Frank, the UK is scheduled to leave the EU on March 29, 2019 and not 2020. Best, Rado
or whoever wd have no mandate to pursue their Hard Brexit. There would have to be an election, in which the new PM would be campaigning against a deal his own party had just struck and got through parliament. We wd campaign for Norway+ and win a landslide imo.
So the £440m per week the UK is losing due to brexit is not a problem?
Brexit fishing row: Brussels wants future deal to 'build on' existing EU rights to UK waters #Scotland
Trouble is one out of 10 ie your leader wants Brexit. Corbyn must go or you will be punished at the ballot box in a way that makes what happened to Lib Dem over tuition fees seem very tame.
Hillary Clinton: Merkel schuld an Trump und Brexit
The #express ignoring the fact they championed this instability. Martin Lewis Money Show: Should you get a mortgage before the UK leaves after Brexit?
Never mind, the good news is austerity has ended now, don't forget to vote Tory next time, happy Brexit !
Worth trawling through the replies to get a feel for the level of sheer pig-headed stupidity involved...
Persecuted by the DemocratsUSA=Clinton’s/Soros=UN=EU Mega Rich Global Rule Group= Paris Agreement=Ban Brexit+Caravan via Mexico to break down US border.. simples!
I understand. I only applied because of Brexit - never would have had to even consider before, so why worry? Kind of ashamed of the UK now though, so more than happy to have another option. I’ve lived in Sweden for almost 7yrs, so my loyalties lie here now.
Brexit breather - CMC Markets
Seriously it wouldn’t. Does not provide for a single Brexiteer promise so the best alternative is to have it democratically examined now that we know what the reality is.
BOTH
It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit via
Lammy be right. You push that fascist cart down the hill you ain’t gonna catch it up. And don’t pretend you even want to.
UKIP ceased to be an electoral force when you walked away &amp; left the clowns in charge. #Brexit cannot be in more jeopardy than it is today with Treason May's antics. You're just a radio political commentator and a wind-up merchant in the EP, the latter doesn't help Brexit either.
You’re the May Brexit Deal of journalism. Just go away.
Who said anything about gunboats? What I’m saying is we’ve been well served by our own institutions for centuries, so we don’t need anyone else’s, whereas the other Countries look up the the EU as something better. #Brexit
Time to bust the last great Brexit myth
SNP grouping the European Free Alliance says 70% of our daily activities are governed by laws from the EU #DUP18 #brexit
I suppose, but it's there's the fundamental difference of brexit being an action to change things, and PAL keeping things the same
Unbelievably helpful. And depressing.
The "elites" know what's best for you ignorant masses don't you know? The just want what's best for you (in their minds, as long as They can profit from it)
This is where she should be behind bars.
Because she is anti Brexit and, I know you don't want to hear it, but more people would vote for her rather than a Corbyn. A lot of people don't trust Corbyn and are afraid of What he stands for
Mate you won’t have a democracy if we don’t get brexit - we’re living under pseudo democracy as it’s it - we’re living in post democratic times
When fake Brexiteers like refer to Brexit as "no deal" you just know the authoritarians have won the day. Just make sure the Tories never get anywhere near power ever again. They want The United States of Europe? Let's give 'em taster: Corbyn #BrexitBetrayal
Remoaners love to quote this and that from the 'no campaign'. That is irrelevant. 17.4 Million people made up their own minds. “no deal” is and how Remainers have hijacked the term for their own agenda. No deal is simply a proper Brexit which is what we voted for.
May defends #Brexit deal
Your wrong on this one Nigel ukip is already showing signs of a resurgence after you left it well done Gerard
Bribery to back Mays brexit betrayal.
I’m beginning to see virtues in this alliance. I’m happy to see Brexit in jeopardy, although stopped in its tracks would be infinitely better. Quite happy with Farage having to ponder the eventual failure of his life’s work, but that’s the cherry on top of the icing on the cake.
Well Ross, while you're in the Broch and Peterhead , here's hoping you visit the Processors too, and you can explain to them how they get their goods to france, on time, in contract, after Brexit... Hmmm?
Who says he eants 2 be a leader fgs! He united young ppl 2 start standing up 2 Brexit. He knows EU law &amp; fought many battles. He might have made a silly mistake. He is very busy on the ground, on the streets. Being of black migrant background,he must have encountered racism. End
Ukip’s transformation into a far-right party is complete via UKIP was responsible for Brexit. UKIP has made Tommy Robinson an ‘adviser’. What else do you need to know!
How many misdirects and inaccuracies through omission can you spot?
All the deluded pro-brexit people are now worrying over what "deal" they get. How ironic. The main worry of all our great brexiteers? Immigrants (whom many are from war-torn countries escaping with nothing) apparently "stealing" jobs. Should never have left.
DUP Want UK To Withdraw From The Enlightenment #DUP #UK #SammyWilson #TheresaMay #Brexit #theenlightenment #eastantrim #EU #Satire #fun #Humour #humor #laughing #laugh
Don’t cheer Tory remainers – all this cruel austerity is on them | Owen Jones
Why not?
You seem to have been clear about all sorts of things . . . except the fact you've lost your majority.
I would never vote for UKIP if Tommy Robinson is involved
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
The #PeoplesVote is a man who goes to the pub even though his liver is fucked. #Brexit showed us something is very wrong with this country. The "haves" were ignoring the "have nothings" for far too long. The single market is NOT heaven on Earth. The EU is not God after all.
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar: NO IT CAN’T
Tory #Brexit -er offers to donate "steam off my piss" to #JoCox memorial...
We have met and talked with so many people here, from different countries, who cannot understand Brexit. We are just ridiculous. No justification that makes any sense (to those of us who are not loaded).
We should all work together to stop Brexit; that's why I wouldn't irritate Lib Dems by saying Greens are the only party supporting a People's Vote. Sorry, I should have ignored it again but I keep hearing it from Lib Dems. You're right, we're on the same side.
The abstainers consent to the majority decision - a perfectly rational strategy if you can't make your mind up. 65% consented to Brexit. 35% were against it.
She really doesn’t get it... Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote
Indeed yes: British aim has always been to avoid being confronted with a Europe unified against us. But Brexit achieves precisely that.
Agra-Europe says 54% of all meat &amp; Livestock exports, 30% of dairy exports, 70% of prepared food exports, 30% of beverage exports &amp; 65% of cheese exports from the Republic of Ireland go to the UK. #DUP18 #Brexit
Well said , .
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal It's rubbish
A people's #Brexit is like chasing a retreating army that has laid waste to your homes in order to surrender to them
All the problems Europe’s leaders have with Theresa May’s draft Brexit deal – WalesOnline
Jon McCourt: Brexit, Northern Ireland, And The Troubles via
Why would she humiliate Britain like this? Lawyer savages Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Stupid woman.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Ah right. It's that simple is it? Now I understand-sort of.
It is looking more and more like that the Tories are more likely to stop Brexit than Labour! Yet most Tory supporters want Brexit and most Labour supporters don't want Brexit! #StopBrexit
You started it down that path. It’s an organisation based on these views, just like your own personal views. The difference is that you think you can be an “English gentleman” while spewing your bigotry. UKIP is you, and you are UKIP. Own it.
Brexit that at least one of the proud stalwarts of industry are finally addressing the real problem in the world today - the elimination of the new car smell. God Bless you Ford xx
Still lying. For reality peeps, see this
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Over 70% of freight leaving Belfast goes to Great Britain. 85% of freight leaving the Republic of Ireland goes to Great Britain with 60% destined for the UK/GB market. #Brexit #DUP18
Since Vote Leave campaigned on the promise of an easy trade deal, WTO Brexit has zero democratic legitimacy.
Brexit is avoidable. I think you may be confusing the people's vote campaign with #FBPE. There is cross over at the moment because #FBPE is supporting that campaign but the aims of the movement are far broader than just that
Janey Godley V Nadine Dorries On Brexit via
well actually there wont be any medication will there, your vote has seen to that. I really really hope you have got kids so when Brexit actually kicks in you have to look them in the eye and say sorry.
I can’t recall a time in my life so far when there has been so much passion for a vote! You need to be a champion of #democracy now and give the British People a #PeoplesVote. #Brexit has already been catastrophic on so many levels, don’t make it worse!
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Brexit means Brexit , you know that
DO. YOU. SPEAK. ENG-A-LISH? Words the Spanish will be delighted never to have to hear again after Brexit. No me toques los huevos, cabrón.
Agree. And we should not be on the planet Earth either. It’s going to hell in a hand cart (global warming, plastics in the oceans etc). Let’s get out now. #Brexit first, then #InfinityAndBeyond!
Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May’s government if Brexit deal p #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Not a stranger to bribes, the PM starts handing out baubles to get #Brexiters on side. Politics in the UK is totally corrupt and it goes all he way to the top.
No one calls James Dyson ' EU funded' every time one mentions him(even though he gets huge farming subsidies) and it doesn't stop him making up his own mind about Brexit . So CBI receives around 1percent and it's always called 'EU funded'.
Why can’t Arlene Foster be given the task of negotiating #Brexit
Chesham and Amersham is strongly remain our #ChangeYourMindCheryl meeting is one local event Tickets available through
No brexit
DUP do NOT represent the majority of the people of NI. Not in the NI Assembly and not on Brexit which we voted against. Time the British Tories stopped pandering and put the people of Britain and Ireland above their job security.
A wonderful chance to sell British products, including fish.
John Delaney is the cancer of Irish football and has to go!!! #fai #rte #football #brexit #ireland #delaneyout
If she gets away with this Brexit fraud she will be everyone's best chum in EU i.e. qualified for Presidency
So as regards the backstop. 70% of high street goods in NI are sourced in GB. Are Asda, Sainsbury &amp; Tesco consignments going to be hit hard as they are "imported" from GB to Northern Ireland? What are Asda &amp; Tescos view on this #Brexit #DUP18
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
what do you think about brexit?
JH_B..spot on. Betrayed Shaun on 6 this morning, for you. Not too bad..
In a nutshell.
How can that happen if you are either excluded or your solution ({David) is forbidden or your Brexit Sec (Raab) is subservient to the Covil Service get a grip on reality please
I predict thousands will decide to leave again if there is a hard Brexit. Off to Australia, Canada and the US. Who would blame them.... its particularly deflating the current environment !
The lips moved but the face was a grimace.. Was she put in an impossible position. If she was why couldn't she just say that she's a bad leader and let Jeremy give us a hard Brexit
Dutch and Icelandic firms control most of our East Coast fishing Spanish own 80% and when this disastrous Brexit kicks in The Eu will be able to fish in our waters for up to 24 months after brexit. So why don't you tell the truth Mundell?Uk fishing boat owners sold out in the 70s
No 10 are hoping to reframe the Brexit debate. That a conversation about the backstop, transition and £39bn divorce bill will become one about how the PM’s deal will end free movement for once and for all. Will it be enough?
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Non-federalism is a good point. Freedom is impossible to define in this context. Independence is debatable. It’s still ironic that those who benefited from immigration wish to prevent it - it is after all a key element of Brexit. I didn’t say anything about xenophobia.
List of their predictions .. Trump winning, financial crisis, austerity, Corbyn losing, grooming gangs, Fake News before Trump was a runner, Police/NHS/Council scandals .. many others and a little biddy thing called Brexit .. oh and a terror attack ..
May under pressure from fishing communities over Brexit deal – ‘She's an idiot or a liar'
It depends who’s Brexit we get doesn’t it?
Nah this Brexit saga has made me believe in karma again. She literally cannot win
John Delaney is the cancer of Irish football and has to go!!! #fai #rte #football #brexit #ireland #delaneyout
And they can't see that we will get nowhere unless we stop Brexit. Come on!
You say this like it’s a bad thing, Nigel.
*coughs*
The "good deal" is canceling Brexit.
At the same time you are having tea.
70% of High street goods in NI are sourced FROM Great Britain. #DUP18 #Brexit
Their phones don't work over here then? Probably should have waited till after brexit and US companies taking over.
Don’t see why people hate international breaks so much
So it's Corbyns brexit you would vote for if there is a PV.. Or would you still want to vote remain?
May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal
Why would she humiliate Britain like this? Lawyer savages Theresa May’s Brexit deal
So it's Corbyns brexit you would vote for if there is a PV.. Or would you still want to vote remain?
Brexit has reached the stockpiling wine phase
Lowest was 2%, at the worst of the Henry Bolton chaos. Amid the Brexit meltdown they were immediately up to 8%, even 9%. That’s not due to excessive coverage - most coverage then was negative. And just because you don’t like a party doesn’t mean it should be ignored.
Whereas if the deal is blocked and doesn't call a snap election, she will be forced out by a Hard Brexiteer, who could argue that since the only deal on table from Brussels has been voted down, they have a mandate to pursue their Hard Canada+ Brexit.
On twitter I have found so many knowledgeable and expert people in relation to Brexit.With so much expertise in the UK why is it that we have such ignorance in government? There is no one in gov.who's able to explain the real, supposed, benefit of Brexit - as there is no benefit!
The whole Government has proven itself corrupt! This and all MP’s from all parties should be brought down. Least with a dictator you know their a cunt! This shower we have are puppets for big business, they Do Not Work for the general population. Skewers heads on railings spikes
Brexit means brexit sign as you enter the UK
Must be the biggest bollocks of the year, the serious side is that the gullible are taken in by it.
2016: Farage says #Brexit won "without a single bullet being fired" ...
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
EU: They chose the right person, doesn't seem to have put a foot wrong, whilst the UK representatives seem to have been on the wrong foot from the get-go. Sad. Bigly:
... but if English nationalists do push through Brexit, that will be the end of the UK - shown up to be an out-dated institution, resistant to reason + reform
17.4 million KNEW why we voted #Brexit. For an INDEPENDENT country. Border control &amp; sensible limits on migration. Saving £12billion/year. Freedom from an increasingly domineering #EU elite. #Parliament's job is to deliver that, #TheresaMay's deal DOESN'T
The Brexit betrayal deal not explained
No, but Theresa May will have no choice but to quit on #Brexit
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic: This weekend, the European Union's 27 nations vote on the Brexit agreement negotiated with the United Kingdom. The next big hurdle is the British Parliament. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
sounds probable and terrible
*short form*
Obviously not
We won, you lost. Get over it. Have a good evening. #Brexit.
How can she resign 3 times?
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected May 5th Column.
She's an idiot if she thinks anyone believes her lies.
What's going on? May is a Remainer and her backbenchers are craven cowards who crumple when they're asked to stand up and be counted. This country deserves so much better than this pathetic bloody shower. #Brexit
True? But it raises the awkward question as to why Ken Clarke is now backing Theresa May's hard Brexit deal ....
The USSR was working on melting the Arctic in the 1970s. I wonder how much American climate change denialism is secretly fuelled by Russian propaganda in the Trump/Brexit mould. There's a good summary of some of Borisov's actions here:
Last week, Clinton spoke at UT. She was introduced as a tireless civil servant whose dedication has won her some enemies and bad press over the years. Is there anyone in history who has ever passed up this many chances to be decent?
Brexit
Don’t you dare start threatening NO Brexit , your bloody head will roll
Best remain then!....Common sence really.
I got 9/12, you?
They are not my side at all, and some are not leaves. Bannon putin are stretching the imagination But once again, please tell me this is what you want? Because this is not for the U.K., and I never will accept this as my future.
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
Another reason for her to be ousted, she’s made it obvious that the Brexit deal is full of holes and desperate to get get it ratified whatever the cost, to the detriment of the British people. She must be stopped!
, Henry *doesnt' like Brexit, but he *loves* breakfast
It’s like telling people to stop being alive to curb mass shooting.
Where’s your evidence for that, if you believe that then your dodgy deal should be put to a people’s vote with an option to remain. Brexit is bad for Britain. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
#Brexit was brilliant on tv, today UK MSM think that CRITICISM OF A FAITH such as #Islam should be outlawed. In other words, they are suggesting, by default, that the UK should introduce ISLAMIST STATE STYLED BLASPHEMY LAWS An incredulous stance
Applying Occam’s Razor to this (benefits of #BREXIT) explanation to really get to the bottom of the flannel springs to mind. #BluffAndBlunder it really isn’t too late to change
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit – Reuters
It's A Brexit, and so is worse than Remain.
79% of all Northern Ireland Beef &amp; Lamb meat is sold within the UK. 70% to GB #DUP18 #Brexit
soon the new mass murderer 2018 brexit voter of the old age 75 to 105 jail them he says
Precisely.
“Brexit! It just needs more polish!”.
Brexit is going well.
I disagreed with you on AMD and now disagree with you on TR. The time has to come where we face the big questions. Now is that time else it'll be too late. If YOU cannot be involved then step back. It's not your #UKIP anymore. A bit like it's not Blair's labour.
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
I think to kill the pro Brexit crazies for a generation no deal would have to be on the ballot paper. Even though that’s high risk.
Tommy Robinson Brexit protest in London on Sunday 9th December — ta
The former Brexit Secretary now says that the May deal is worse than staying in the EU. Surely he was responsible for negotiating most of that deal. He was either absent from most of the meetings or needs to attend a memory clinic.
Would like to introduce you to newest Brexit participant, #icebus
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected Life imprisonment for you
Tories might then use "executive power". Worrying. For discussion. #Brexit
Gordon Brown: Use X Factor votes to break Brexit deadlock
Here we go. Spain having seen how bribes are acceptable in UK politics, attempts to blackmail the UK over Gibraltar to get May's deal through.
Third of Brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK
#GBPUSD has remained within a tight trading range this week and looks unlikely to make a move ahead of Sunday’s #EU leaders meeting. The pair have been trading in a 1.2770 – 1.2925 range all week with volume trimmed by the #US Thanksgiving Holiday: #Brexit
But Nige was right. &lt;52%/&gt;48% is unfinished business. Don't you want the opportunity to see off the Remoaners with a massive victory, now that the country knows how great #Brexit would be?
Please, keep Diane Abbott out of politics. She is a loose canon, to say the least. #Labour #Brexit
We already know they were in on it. Maybe Theresa can climb down off that high horse now do what BRITS want her to do for a while (need hint? #BREXIT would be a good start). Maybe we can realize our ALLIES were up to their necks in election meddling. #DeclassifyFISAdocs = RESET
associated-press|Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar|
Infographic on how the Brexit campaigns were linked
How corrupt can this government become? #GetTheToriesOut NOW!
17.4 million KNEW why we voted #Brexit. For an INDEPENDENT country. Border control &amp; sensible limits on migration. Saving £12billion/year. Freedom from an increasingly domineering #EU elite. #Parliament's job is to deliver that, #TheresaMay's deal DOESN'T
The Today Programme editor has some charming friends.
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
Watch these number 10 propaganda lines, they’ll be used in a second referendum. Another round of spin and twisted half truths, horrible to contemplate. Why can’t our MPs do their job and put the national interest first and stop BREXIT.
independent|How Europe became the funeral pyre for Tory leaders|
‘A national humiliation’ Business leaders urge MPS to vote down May’s Brexit deal
No you can't. Only another statute can stop the EU withdrawal bill tick-tocking us out of the EU on the 29/03/2019. The government say NO.
No deal is better than a bad deal! The Tory Brexit plan all along! Whips grabbing MPs by the throat “ vote for Mays deal or face a general election” #PhiltheGimpsPlan
Oh lord. May’s Brexit deal: the legal verdict
independent|Theresa May casts doubt over her future if MPs vote down Brexit deal|
Latest News: Eurosceptic Tory MP John Hayes given knighthood Labour suggests the timing of the honour could be an attempt to win support for the PM's Brexit deal. 2018-11-23 21:31:59Z
reuters|Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit|
oh just look at this. Somebody p!ease deport our Prime Minister &amp; give her the handy Home Office leaflet on blending in - preferably on an atoll with pelicans
There is no such thing as a people’s Brexit. To believe in such a thing is to be just as delusional as Rees-Mogg.
Brexiteer MP's three key reasons why Britain cannot have a second #Brexit referendum
Brexit fixes what problem? There seems to be no point to it, why continue with such a bad decision
Dispute over Gibraltar set to rock EU Brexit talks via
Or maybe ousted by her own party
Catalonia distances itself from Spain, aligns itself with the UK over Brexit via
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
But what else would you expect?????
Aaargh....I can't bear to watch her
Brexit itself will be put at risk? Carry on, 'Tommy'
Julia. Why is she so in favour of Brexit?
I really really hope so
Brexit cat stranglers post this sort shit man.... Report them and move on.
Largely sums up the last week / last 2 years of brexit brexit brexit blah blah...
YOU and your ilk are why we elected President Trump! We are sick &amp; tired of your #CriminalCartel raping America &amp; world, disgusted by lack of accountability 4 stealing our children, selling our futures and trying to enslave all of humanity! I hope U rot in HELL!!
Perhaps but sounds quite harsh on your generation!! Biggest dividing line in terms of Brexit was levels of education, over and above age or socio-economic group. Additionally, UK has had for almost two generations probably the most pernicious &amp; rabidly racist press in Europe.
The man behind the HARD market #YMCBall #BREXIT
Trouble is, you can't vote Brexit into being a good idea
National’s front page tomorrow focusses on EU nationals preparing to leave Scotland because of Brexit. Really sad. This is what it is like to live in a country where you have no say in your own immigration policy and have May’s “hostile environment” imposed on you.
About time! #PeoplesVote
EEA would be an excellent starting point, to get a deal that honours the GFA. About half a dozen, in reality, which is pathetic. Well that is what this deal was designed to do. (Sacrificing sovereignty, global status and our services sector to do so.)
Justin, as soon as a blue or red BREXIT occurs, Vauxhall's will close. #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain #StopBrexitSaveBritain
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
The fact she didn’t answer the question tells you all you need to know. Stop the nonsense of Brexit. Now.
The nice thing in this anachronistic country is that bribery is cheap. Somewhere else, this kind of loyalty costs cash or a road for the constituency. Here, three letters in front of the name are enough...
Brexit Smexit. They haven’t got a clue and can never defend their position.
You couldn’t possibly believe that- your body language gives you away in interviews that you’ve done a deal with the devil. Shame on you for not standing up to it. Read this excellent analysis and tell me that it’s a good deal for the UK!
Tory #Brexit -ers say slash Environment and Health &amp; Safety regs can be slashed...
All the interviews need to commence by establishing the fact that a “no deal Brexit on WTO terms” is NOT A THING and then the quizzing can proceed from there
"Spain to veto Brexit unless treaty enshrines Madrid's say over Gibraltar"
#Lexit will drive as many children into poverty, as many disabled folk to misery, &amp; cause a much homelessness as #brexit. Anyone who says otherwise is morally and politically bankrupt.
Brexit deal: DUP may 'look again' at confidence and supply if withdrawal agreement passes parliament, Arlene Foster warns
It’s all a cunning plan to have have a hard Brexit. Im betting the transition period will be extended to allow people to plan for it. This is what we should have done on day one. Immigration has forced down productivity in this country and forced down pay. No more deals thanks.
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Dream on! But I hope you're right. #StopBrexit #StopBrexitNow
Alastair Brockbank - who works for top Brexit negotiator Olly Robbins - told EU diplomats that Britain stood ready to continue paying “significant contributions” to controversial common EU defence and foreign policy projects adding: “We are interested in it all.
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster Arrest May for Treason
the-economist|The truth about a no-deal Brexit|
She was never good at numbers. The 48% is now the 54% - 64% depending on which big pool poll you look at. Carrying on with #Brexit is an affront to democracy. #PeoplesVote
John Delaney is the cancer of Irish football and has to go!!! #fai #rte #football #brexit #ireland #delaneyout
Because Brexit is a negative impact. Always was going to be, no way to walk away from hundreds of trade deals would be beneficial
Are you after the job of Brexit minister with that reasoning.
Come on the joke about Strictly was great! Getting all the former Brexit secs all back at the end. #HIGNFY
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Somthing sinister going on here .... Nigel Farage has totaly sold out...
A new kind of enemy has emerged - one who does not respect democracy - one who chooses to unilaterally redefine the rules. When democracy is challenged chaos follows! Deep damage is done when people no longer respect rules or laws. #brexit
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
also, how will you motivate the native Britons to work on the land again after Brexit? They've been accustomed to the service sector for a long time.
Unbelievable. Playing to.the gullible.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
"electoral force" How many MPs you got there again, m8?
#Gibraltar is British and always will be. #Brexit #Gibraltar brexit #GibraltarEspanol
Self Defeating journalism helping the rich destroy everything
It's Brexit bingo. A dash of misogyny earlier; now some homophobia
Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
Brexit is treason indeed! Under the guise of “we give you £350/week for your NHS”, elites who want to make Britain a totalitarian state have fooled the people into voting for them! Stop the treason! Stop Brexit today!
. #brexit experts are hosting a live #webcast on 26 Nov 2pm, the day following the #EU Summit giving their reactions to announcements &amp; considerations for #businesses. Register here:
Brexit deal condemned as '26 pages of waffle'
May’s ’Brexit’ deal is in fact a Remain indefinitely deal, without representation. No say. No article 50. No ‘get out’ clause.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Tory #Brexit -ers want Health &amp; Safety "red tape" slashed ...
Bribery and corruption, what next?
'Corbyn sums up everything people dislike about hypocritical students: patronising, Guardianista, patronising, and utterly disdainful of Brexit voters.' - Brendan O'Neill on Hillary Clinton's visit to Britain.
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar (from )
I just emailed my MP asking them to protect our environment after Brexit. Join me:
If the QT audiences were random samples, I would be quite worried. However, it is quite obvious that they are hand picked, just as much as the panel, to reinforce the blatantly, pro-Brexit bias of this threadbare programme.
Catalonia distances itself from Spain, aligns itself with the UK over Brexit via
Just stop Brexit
They are fakes. Just the same old LibLabCon cucks. I hope they suffer terribly if a full Brexit isn't delivered - to the point of ENDING as a political party forever.
LEAVE MEANS LEAVE! WE REJECT THE DEAL!
C’mon James Mr Baker and DD were actually in charge of the Brexit negotiations, can’t blame anyone but them.
Conservatives buckle to pressure from hard-right and drop ban on terrorist weapons. #Brexit supporting MPs pressure the Home Secretary to weaken restrictions on high powered rifles despite police calling for a ban
This cannot happen It’s downright wicked we must protect UKs fishing rights.
Theresa May's #Brexit plan - Give all rebel #Conservatives thinking against her #BrexitDeal a knighthood as she hands Tory Brexiteer a knighthood - weeks before crucial vote! Tory Bribery And Corruption!!
A more conspicuous distinction between Britain and England may also be emerging.
I'm not sure why you popped up to make a random comment about brexit on a featured advert but I guess you're new to the idea of cause and effect 'Nobody knows' doesn't cut it to be honest
I'm not sure that's relevant, as the election was after the referendum. And any argument people who voted for those parties must therefore support a hard #Brexit is disingenuous anyway. But where does the manifesto commit to leaving the single market and customs union?
#Blackwave Alpine Week: +1.86% Nice moves in Sterling around BREXIT news. The Thanksgiving holiday calmed markets down towards the end of the week. Close to cash.
Screenshot of a genuine comment I’ve just read on Facebook regarding #Brexit smh
The point is that he can continue to live freely in the UK or EU or US after Brexit. Therefore a vote that removes our right to live anywhere in the EU has little to do with someone who has already chosen to live in the US. Was that logic too difficult?
It was an EU punishment beating. They should have been wearing Balaclavas.
Leaving without a deal “It’s called Brexit” what the “People” actually asked for 2 years ago..
Redwood gets trashed everytime he is interviewed...theres really no substance to his arguments...its over for brexit.
so a position on the privy council appears to have been your reward for your silence over PM Mays Brexit deal. Odd as your constituency Tamworth voted overwhelmingly to leave the EU and all it’s clauses. That’s one vote less at the next GE.
If you’re an Actor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a calamity for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Capitulation. Why? Any #brexit is a national disaster #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
There is no alternative.
"Here is my Brexit solution...Her Majesty's government adopts a policy of zero tariffs and zero import quotas, beginning tomorrow. That's it? That's it!"
#Brexit LIVE: 'Constitutional DEADLOCK' warns Hunt as May declares there is NO Plan B: - Brexit… #News #Politics
Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit deal passes - World | The Star Online
Tory #Brexit -er wants EU "wholly torn down" ...
You are correct Samira, guilty of excessive hype over PM challenge and total failure to provide enough info on W.A., as expressed by angry viewers. Predictably rejected by .
Take a bow, Theresa May, ladies and gentlemen. Has managed to achieve what nobody has achieved since William of Orange.
ANALYSIS: Theresa May issues knighthood ahead of crucial Brexit vote
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH oh I do love a bit of good news
In a referendum that was advertised as non-binding, and advisory. The UK governement shouldn't have taking it as a direct command, but to take a good look at it. They didn't. The pro-Brexit lobby however broke several laws to ensure the vote. I also am sure no one voted for May.
Theresa May said that just about the only win in Brexit negotiations was ending freedom of movement and securing the borders.
Tony Connelly of RTE is worth seeking out for a decent, objective analysis of Brexit.
#PeoplesVote It appears the British public may want to stay in the EU. That would be an excellent decision. #Brexit is doing Putin’s work for him. #StrongerTogether
The alternative is no Brexit. A people’s Brexit is a fantasy
I’m OK about a down day. This went way beyond that. He was expressing capitulation and that infects others. At the same time telling me he is moving to Ireland where my own family are harmed most by Brexit (inc May’s “Non deal”). The least he can do is fight to stop Brexit.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
There arseholes started us down this path. They are wholly responsible for the shit show that Brexit will turn out to be!
Lol, Brexit seceratery realises France is pretty close. Northern Ireland seceratery realises there is rampant tribalism in Ulster. Dim, blunt and not too sharp.
Brexit is all about a long term faultline within the Tory party - nothing else. The referendum is their ready made excuse (we did what the country wanted) when it all goes wrong.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde | Opinion | The Guardian
Get 'em in your calendar.
Una Mullally: Brexit chaos rooted in British lack of self-examination
Ireland will be worse off in every Brexit scenario
She is a man hating lesbian, what do you expect. Oh and she is in charge of all London police? #FeminismIsCancer #Brexit #misandry #populism
Is Pepys doing Brexit from beyond the grave?
#PeoplesVote IS OK. It's called DEMOCRACY.
As much as they’ve tried butter it up here it’s a bad deal that’s worse than no deal. The irony of the whole General Election campaign
No need to bother, it isn't what we were told we were voting for, it isn't what we were told would happen and it isn't Brexit - perfidious government which has damaged its party
After Brexit I’ll have to find something else to thwart
Theresa May Says Extending Brexit Transition Would Cost Britain More
#Brexit: #May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm. &lt; so is this what #May means by reunifying the UK?
Despite immigration, the UK population plummets (2010+). #UKgenocide #EVIDENCE #BRexit #UK NO MORE EXCUSES
Great piece again. Between you and that’s everything I need to know about Brexit!
No I'd like to talk about how well trump is doing and how great brexit will be and if we have time maybe broaden the discussion about how corrosive sharia is.
Dream on ! But hope you're right. #stopbrexit
Satire of the highest order. The Brexit toff twins, May and Corbyn, are IDENTICAL. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
May finally recognised that she needs to actually do some politics to get this deal through. I really dislike this policy, but it *could* bring her some short-term dividends.
If Brexit isn't delivered everything else is irrelevant. The EU will continue to make policy in the UK not our parliament. UKIP is not an anti religion party,never has been, it has previously had Muslim candidates stand for UKIP, it needs to remain a broad church or will die.
#EddietheEagle, #TimHenman, we love underdogs. We gave #JohnMajor a 2nd term when we saw the hard time he was getting from both #Brexiteers + Kinnock So no surprise that embattled May is more popular than ever. Has there ever been a #Christmas election?
now it is Gibraltar
How Theresa May survived her most dangerous week in No.10.
Me too joined only to get a vote when May was out if they put a remainer back in charge they are gone unelectable to me and anybody who wants a proper brexit
The EU's a band of losers, so why join? asks NICK FERRARI
The issue is the difference between where we were after the referendum and where we might be once it is clear that the Tories have wasted any opportunity that had to deliver brexit. Labour have understood this.
Although I'm sad about the current plight of the UK, at least it provides fodder for some brilliant writing.
So then, when the deal fails in parliament, what next? #brexit #brexitdeal #brexitchaos
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
The Brexit Political Declaration: what it says, what it means #News #thetelegraph
John was talking about Tory MPs who make and defend laws that are destroying people's lives. If you have a work colleague who wants brexit you might still form an affectionate relationship with her. If you know she goes home and kicks her dog, I suggest you'd not be her friend.
Increasingly glad I let my membership lapse
And offering a #PeoplesVote with a #Remain option can't Thwart #Brexit unless a majority of the People want to #StopBrexit.
Do you. Do you really? It seems to me that the Brexit leaders are three parts,bravado for every one part of thought. The whole Brexit thing is light on detail, heavy on emotion and low on intellect. Sorry - I know that will smart a little.
It’s not often I agree with . But I really think there’d be a quite robust “Do what you’ve been fucking told” element to any 2nd #Brexit referendum
The ’ #Brexit negotiation strategy.
If you've not been to a Weatherspoon's give it a try. We had fish chips n peas in ours today, cuppa tea, free refill, very good value.
Been there got the tee shirt! Chaired an EU group and drafted a Directive. Written lots of business cases. The Brexit one stacks up. The EU cannot renege on the PD. The UK will be much better off, and a force to be reckoned with. #BackTheBrexitDeal
If I continue down this path of eating pizza and watching curling highlights on YouTube instead of writing I will cease to be the greatest playwright of my generation.
Let's pretend with Hillary. Let's pretend that 'right wing populists' are what we should worry about&amp;not increased sexual assaults, jihadis, sharia,animal welfare issues,FGM,drain on welfare systems...that mass immigration from incompatible cultures bring
I'm not a racist, but RT : I can explain it quicker: Not actually Brexit, and worse than Remaining.
Your entire argument is built on bullshit. The Tory Party are still split head to toe on Brexit. The referendum was supposed to sort the divisions out once and for all but they are even more divided than ever. Only the Liberal Democrat’s have any principles on this issue.
The Empress’s new Brexit clothes
An original clause in the deal Britain drew up with the EU gave Spain its guarantees - but that has since disappeared from the final draft. Theresa May screwing everyone over!
I don’t think they’re stupid. It’s a coalition of the culturally conservative (who would genuinely accept being poorer to get Brexit), the economically struggling (who think they have little to lose) and the politically disengaged motivated by a vague British nationalism
They are building towards the post Brexit world...
UK says, 'it'll be fine...', IATA, says, 'no it won't.'
Rather be a gadd than a may
Who cares?
Majestic Wine to stockpile 1m extra bottles for no-deal Brexit at last some #BrexitShambles good news...
It was your Tory govt and Labour govts that negotiated the quotas. Now your party is about to sell the fishing rights as part of the brexit deal your shifting yourself about losing your seat at next GE. Scotland free of Tories. The sooner the better
'May can call on the loyalty of 40 parliamentary private secretaries, 99 ministers, 17 ‘trade envoys’ and 12 Tory party vice chairs. That’s 178 MPs in total, more than enough to secure a simple majority (158) required to avoid a leadership contest.'
And offering a #PeoplesVote with a #Remain option can't Thwart #Brexit unless a majority of the People want to #StopBrexit.
John Delaney is the cancer of Irish football and has to go!!! #fai #rte #football #brexit #ireland #delaneyout
Genuine question. If TM could have used perogative powers, do you think she would have a sought a different WA, either harder or softer #Brexit? Knowing she faced a parliamentary vote must have influenced her negotiating strategy to some extent.
Dude, it was the Pro-Brexit crowd that was caught rigging the vote. And the EU didn't do anything.
#Resistance the #E.U. doesn’t need reforming #UK does top to bottom #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Is anyone else fed up of this fucking brexit crap. 4 human rights of claimants broken yet no one gives a fuck. More people likely to vote on which kardashian is their favorite than would give a shit about human rights of claimants. We are the rubbish of the world. Sick of it
It’s totally classic! Some tremendous lines in here! #BrexitShambles
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
We don't have time to sleep more than 15 minutes, Julia. Try it, please, I'd would be SO funny!
Democracy, is your idea based on lies by the very rich who conned people to go along with them. Is it democratic that Northern Ireland, Scotland and Gibraltar should be lumbered with something that Wales and Mainly England voted for. THIS WAS NOT A GENERAL ELECTION VOTE
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
You were in the government for most of the period in the actual department for leaving. You know that you couldn’t deliver your brexit without massive economic damage. We aren’t gloating. We’re shamed at what this nonsense has done to this country
Here's the full piece by in the Guardian. Funny and not funny.
More populists in Spain than in UK? What's the definition here? Newish party? Then Sweden doesn't fit either, SD been around since 1988
Are you certain about that! No deal, Mays deal or No Brexit, General Election, New Tory Leader The Bastards will never stop, just ask Major
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
help
There is at least one LIE in this: Your miserable deal does NOT protect the rights of UK citizens in the EU, who lose their right to free movement, votes in local and European elections and more.
The Brexit Deal Is TRAITORGATE The Traitor Is The Prime Minister THERESA MAY!!
Classic Clinton saying whatever she needs to get elected. Fuck off
I saw the CEO of Iceland on Question time who is a strong advocate of #Brexit It’s clear he has st least one reason for being keen on deregulation #cheapmeat
That's because it's not actually Brexit at all!
The deal was negotiated by Davis (who did nothing) and BoJo ( who resigned) and Raab (ditto) all leavers. How is May solely responsible? Brexit supporters have been cheated, remainers have been cheated, most of all the future of the country has been sacrificed for political gain
In fact, I have just written another thread on it:
John Delaney is the cancer of Irish football and has to go!!! #fai #rte #football #brexit #ireland #delaneyout
My friend, the poster girl for Remain... 1/3
Theresa May refuses to say if she'll quit if MPs reject Brexit deal - Sky News
Brexit always makes me so happy.
So the former brexit secretary following his discovery that a lot of trade goes from Calais to Dover has now worked out brexit is a bad idea. Shame he did not work this out before the referendum
"But, significantly, he has not written a no-confidence letter to the 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady, and, crucially, has not yet declared how he will vote on the Brexit deal when it comes to the Commons." Handing out knighthoods for votes.
You're right 10-followers-John. But this would not be a 'normal' Holyrood election. It would be a HR election where Scots have a very stark choice confronting them. Vote SNP &amp; Indy in U to ensure our economy doesn't go down the stank, or we Brexit and shoot 2 holes in both feet.
Brexit and Safeguarding?
I'm a nerd. I have been immersed in Brexit for years now
Time for Irish reunification; let Britain have its Brexit and let Ireland move on without being dragged down with it.
No need to use force. Just applying brexit and close that border, so gibs could keep all those banks, tobacco and gambling platforms for themselves.
I commend to you SOVEREIGN, Paul. Join me and likeminded Brexit patriots at !
This looks a budding Saccharomyces yeast cell—an appropriate visual.
Disappointing that the questions focused solely on brexit and not on the impacts of eight years of Tory led austerity on the country. Your tweet says she'd take questions, you didn't specify on what. Plz get her back &amp; try some forensic questioning of the deep right PM.
Surely real will of the people, all the people, was to make their lives better. #Brexit was sold as a silver bullet. Make Britain great again, remove causes of hardship &amp; misery with one bullet. Except bullet was fired at scapegoats &amp; their loss makes us weaker, not great again.
Please please get that agreement voted out and give us wto brexit..
And muti-millionaires have been anti Brexit too, so? At least once we leave the EU we can't blame the EU for all our problems any more? The politicians will have to take ownership of them.
Another wast of time this Brexit deal will be voted down may has no majority to call anything but a general election .
All the same they have had too much power for too long
No its the fax, brexit means brexit
What is brexit though?
Get ready for #Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Brexit ?
We just told him about Brexit
A brief run-down of the worst 'deal' ever 'negotiated' in the history of this once great nation. Its so atrocious two Brexit ministers resigned while Theresa May stitched this treachery together.
New European name checks Chesham.
Well actually, the Queen supports Brexit, God bless her soul.
shouldn't blame for Brexit, she's not that bright and was just as gullibly conned by the lies and deceit of the #Leave campaign as the 17 million. She should blame the electoral commission who allowed a simple majority and illegal funding of
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
This is a cheering read for a Friday night.
UKIP bloke cites The Crucifixion as a reason for #Brexit ...
OH MATE
I emailed my mp re brexit and have received a reply mentioning inter alia the threat of a Marxist government?!?! - would you like to see it &amp; if so how can i email it to you?
Fucking hell, lads, fucking hell!
Yeah, cheers Diane, you’ve been a great help.
Tell us Simon, how has being in the EU helped the disabled ppl, sick, elderly and poor, under this FarRightTory Govt over the past 8yrs? How did the EU deal with the Refugees? Shall I remind you? They ignored the lot of them and left them to suffer! I want a Corbyn led Brexit....
At 8% of what it was, seriously Dude, whether someone is pro-eu or anti-eu Brexit is insane
It will because the withdrawal agreement can’t get through Parliament. The default position is a clean Brexit on WTO which is perfectly acceptable
What truly irks is the fact that shambling self important, deluded fools are still intent brexit and are bleating about it. Impotently.
Get her out
Treason May is throwing everything at scuppering Brexit now. It seems she's prepared to stoop to any level to shackle us permanently to the EU
It seems as if everything we thought was solid, isn't . . .
Good point well made. Is it time we started telling Brexit hardliners that the people didn’t vote for no deal and that it’s time they respected the referendum result?
Won’t Brexit bankrupt the cunt?
Not sure the blue passports are a benefit...
An excellent summary. - It wont get through the commons and the real Brexit will happen March next year. We don't need a deal yet. We can negotiate when they want to sell BMW, Merc and Audi on British forecourts. #TheyNeedUs
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to win MP's Brexit support
It’s probably copied and pasted they response to all anti Brexit petitions with the same old same old. However we need to keep signing them so we do keep sending the government a clear message
Terrific. He is right of course.
Ah it's Private Walker to Mogg's Captain Mainwaring. You lot had your chance to deliver. Your fantasy Brexit was undeliverable. Don't think for a moment that when the Brexit inquiry happens you will escape your share of the blame.
Brexit means Brexit is an anagram of Barb Extent Emirs Xi
Except it will be too late! The U.K. will have left and will have to reapply - the current fantastic deal that the U.K. have in the eu will be void!
How I gotta vote to stop #Hillabal getting a visa? She sho lairy that Hill.
What nonces have voted yes then
I'm just posting this insane, nazi-fondling bullshit, again, because it's the most on-brand Hillary Clinton response to anything, and I feel like the people who love her should own it.
Goodnight all. Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote
My guess is that those creatures in the task were alligators, but to please #brexit leave voters have decided to call them crocodiles to keep it simple. Also leave voters like being lied to. They probably believe their in a real jungle as well! #ImACeleb
Handing out knighthoods to the Brexit brigade. Stinks. That's the will of the people is it?
Just another day in the British Empire. The Americans know. #MAGA #MAGA #uk #eu #snp #brexit #Indyref #DissolveTheUnion #scotland #independence #IndyRef2 #leavemeansleave
#TheresaMay accused of giving knighthood to win MP's #Brexit support
My newest #stockfootage (also uploaded a post-Brexit version). via
Believe that this statement by Steve sums up the opinion of many.
Mum says rat-infested council flat nearly killed her three times #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #Brexit #brexitshambles
Come on Arlene......
People voted for the United Kingdom to withdraw from the European Union. To retain our peaceful way of life, that must happen. The post-Brexit arrangements we have with the EU are a matter for Parliament and international law. Personally, I favour Norway and will argue for that.
You're right 10-followers-John. But this would not be a 'normal' Holyrood election. It would be a HR election where Scots have a very stark choice confronting them. Vote SNP &amp; Indy in EU to ensure our economy doesn't go down the stank, or we Brexit and shoot 2 holes in both feet.
John Delaney is the cancer of Irish football and has to go!!! #fai #rte #football #brexit #ireland #delaneyout
I know politicians tend to beat around the bush a lot, but May has shredded those bushes to pieces by now.... BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
you know, they said the same thing about the South and it’s “negro problem”. nothing new under the sun.
Some 60-70% of farmers who attended Ulster Farmers Union debates on Brexit favoured voting Leave #DUP18
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit - Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit Reuters Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's... #NewsAndInformation
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Not in what remains of post Brexit EU waters I'll wager.
Everything that is wrong with this country perfectly summed up. Hayes hasn't the conviction to stand up for his undesirable views though; he's like a dog looking for treats when it comes to Front Bench praise.
Brilliant and laugh out loud. Marina Hyde, you are on fire!
Debts never get paid off in a fiat currency you just keep a decent debt to GDP ratio. Now, as I was saying....brexit?
"I cannot think of any historical precedent for this – certainly not in any democratic country. It is astonishing that any government could for a moment consider this acceptable."
At first she said Brexit means brexit, no deal is better, deliver the will of the British people ... now she’s taken the no deal is better out of speeches and uses we will go back to square one. Smoke screen brexit secretaries as well. EU and TM on same page all along
Hold everything, we have just found our next #Brexit Secretary.
Leading Tory #Brexit -ers liken EU &amp; experts to Nazis...
Nice to balance from the British Brexit Corperation as usual.
Wonder if we'll be seeing more of this sort of thing in the coming weeks and months. Peerages as well?
Your priesthood is falling down. Magna Carta is 3,500 words. The US Constitution is 4,500 words. We don’t need volumes of EU Federalism to tell us how to live. Personally, It is grossly offensive to be told what our ‘fundamental rights’ are by this catastrophic continent. #Brexit
It’s very important that we stop gross lying in politics, Brexit or no Brexit. Society simply can’t continue if our leaders tell lies.
There is only one Brexit leader, the PM , the one in charge, the Brexit ministers were there in name only..
If you want to beat right wing populists you have to beat the centrists that enabled them in the first place.
I'm glad those old men down The Brexit Arms keep you so up-to-date with all this tiresome yoof slang, innit.
#EUNOTFORME I BLAME #BREXIT FOR IT. I BLAME ALL BREXITEERS FOR IT. SINCE #GERMANY IS ON THE DOWN MRS #MAY HANDS THEM OVER 250 BILLION WITH A DODGY DEAL, EQUAL TO BETRAYAL OF THE COUNTRY.
Brexit hasn't just enabled racism and xenophobia ,it's a whole can of toxic Trumpian worms ,including misogyny ,enabled by political right ,this really is the big battle .
Brexit was founded on an emotional vote, information has no place im that.
It isn't Brexit, it's subjugation and #BrexitBetrayal #BinTheBackstop #WTOBrexit
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote
Remorse doesn’t cut it. Pro-Tory, Pro-Brexit, Anti-Labour and if we ignore the LibDems maybe they will go away. They get more like the Daily Express every day.
Nah, England caused Brexit...
That #Brexit document in full.
Hmmmm this has nothing of do with #Brexit is a purely clusterfuck
HARD BREXIT! HOW DID YOU WIND UP HERE?? NO CONFIDENCE.
“Rock and hard place” like it...
#FridayThoughts wondering how to sum up the week and various activities “Difficulties mastered are opportunities won” Winston Churchill #Brexit #Skills #SMEgrowth
Am suprised you think he is not a brexiteer after all he has done to aid its progress, whipping MPs to vote it through, lack of opposition, not a word about 700,000 people march, the Die spiegel interview support of a fraud referendum and openly saying he wants a labour brexit.
We rely on low-skilled migrants just as much as we rely on high-skilled ones. Stirring up xenophobia and racism to try and push through this economic suicide is beyond appalling... and it will be our generation filling the low skilled jobs I bet.
Dan. You and your type have undermined Brexit for 2 years, resulting in the most fucked up of remains. It’s almost as if you have now realised just what your idiocy has done. Absolute imbeciles.
John Delaney is the cancer of Irish football and has to go!!! #fai #rte #football #brexit #ireland #delaneyout
#SouthgatePredictions ...ah .. possibly a wee mention of Brexit / TM on Brexit / EU on Brexit / DUP on Brexit ... maybe Black Friday online shopping craze ...
The Livestock &amp; Meat Commission have already indicated that Northern Ireland farmers will pickup the trade in beef &amp; lamb to Great Britain that the EU will lose if there is no deal. Import substitution not food shortages. #Brexit #DUP18
NO FU*+*G. CHANCE !!!!!!! BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
May now going full Nazi on immigrants &lt;50k. Brits free to take on low skilled jobs in Brexit Fascist UK. Kristallnacht next ?
There seems to be a perception among some who despair about Brexit, Corbyn and Trump that there was a previous “normal” time when democracy was incorruptible and the media were honest. Speaking for myself, I don’t recall this time.
That's where belongs... behind bars. #RejectTheDeal #NoDealBrexit
They should know better.
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #BBCBreakfast #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
We are a laughing stock.
No - I was checking the hundreds of Remain lies
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
We need Gisela Stuart to help form,then lead a new Brexit party and then ALL who voted leave need to support them at the general election that way we WILL get the Brexit we voted for
Sigui pq els hi estan tocant les pilotes amb el brexit o pq genuinament ho creuen, akest statement says it all: "The British way was to rely on persuasion and open debate, and to accept the powerful democratic idea that people should be governed with their consent".
Good Evening PM, I hope you are well. I believe you are doing a tremendous job even with the huge challenges you face with negotiating Brexit. I read today that Madrid wants a say over Gibraltar. Please don’t compromise on this! Keep The Rock British! Thank you!
Report: Hillary Warns Europe's Open Borders Fuels Trump #Newsmax via
Spain threatens to vote against Brexit deal over Gibraltar
She's a liar.
My university attending children both voted for brexit without any input from me. I'd be more worried if I had to apologise for tying their country to years of servitude, belittling our worth, not teaching them grace in defeat or that life is to be lived free not controlled.
May's grand scheme?: Vote not passed, no time for renegotiation, no leadership challenge, no Tory appetite for gen election, Brexit with no deal come May, Labour accusations of failing to deliver Brexit fall flat with May accusing EU of foul play, ala Spanish Rock-gate.
Just another day in the British Empire. The Americans know. #MAGA #MSGA #uk #eu #snp #brexit #Indyref #DissolveTheUnion #scotland #independence #IndyRef2 #leavemeansleave
I'm not saying that view is wrong. But pursuing it at present is a dangerous distraction from the key issue of Brexit
Just commented on : Spanish prime minister warns Brexit summit to be called off if there's no Gibral -
this one's for you. Clear, straightforward and knowledgeable. #brexit #PeoplesVote
Import substitution &gt;&gt; 2017: LacPatrick enjoys 25pc UK sales surge after Brexit vote #DUP18 #Brexit
#FBPE is dying.
The absurdity of self-harming #brexit
How dare you to lie so bluntly about the situation of #The5Million in a video to promote this shameful deal. You have not protected our rights, you sacrificed us - 5 million lives, 5 million futures - on your Brexit altar. #FuckTheBrexitDeal 1/
Remainers didn’t predict disaster, they caused it.
Spain's Socialist Prime Minister threatens to 'veto Brexit'
This must surely qualify as the daftest hypothetical question of the day!
The blame lies directly with Cameron. In hindsight the first referendum should have been Remain or Negotiate Approved Exit with subsequent second vote.... Remain or Approve Negotiated Settlement or Unnegotiated Leave with STV sorting the 3 options. Total #brexit mess
I commend to you SOVEREIGN, Netty. Join me and likeminded Brexit patriots at !
Lol, Brexit secretary realises for the first time that France is pretty close. Northern Ireland Secretary cottons on to rampant tribalism in Ulster politics and life. Where have they been?
Ugly evil non-British nonsense. Give me a proper British Brexit discount and I'll support you wholeheartedly*. *that was irony.
Honest tae fuck. The Brexit chat on here. Too much. Let's crash out of this customs union. If shit gets tough we'll all cobble together. We always find a way to get by. As for this free movement shit. Would you seriously go to Paris these days? Would you fuck. It's a midden.
Makes sense Mrs.May.... forget your destructive deal and let others do it.#MayMustGoNow #nodealisbetterthanHERdeal
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Getting too funny now!! #Brexit #brexitdeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitAgreement #brexitdraft #BrexitShambles #LeaveMeansLeave
That's the only brexit there is.
Remember this: Brexit means Brexit . No surrender and god save are queen
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
It is safe to say that the use-case scenario for the word "immigrant" has now been sufficiently changed so we can now safely say it's a polished racist word for "Muslims", seeing that people, clearly, don't see themselves as being an IMMIGRANT despite the fact they are! #DKpol
Appointed for their dedication to Federalism, regardless of what the people want. A recipe for disaster. #Brexit
Farol
Brilliant explanation of Brexit. Let's just Remain.
Online #Brexit campaigner thinks he was a WW2 spitfire pilot ...
We live in hope.
You’re hearing it from people on twitter who think if they fabricate enough evidence they can get Brexit reversed.
Brexit could be the best thing ever. Mays handling of Brexit is a disaster
The generation that (largely) got us Brexit and which is (largely) responsible for delivering it is the generation of Noel Edmonds, who believes that women don’t go to the toilet #ImACeleb
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to win MP's Brexit support via
Perhaps one reason could be:
Keep going ... half of your team would have resigned by now. I don’t want brexit.. but hey. You have a shit job now. Finish it. X
I’m hearing ‘a true Brexit’ a lot. Are we still supposed to believe that everyone who voted leave, including all those who support May now, all wanted the same thing? If not, there never was no ‘true majority’ and now we need to make an informed choice. #PeoplesVote
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Oh damn, does being a member of an anti-#brexit grouping make me a member if an "extremist organisation"?
I have to say, if this #Brexit shambles has told us anything, it's that politicians, #Tory ones in particular are all lying, self serving shits!
What about no Brexit Stephen? Better than all other options.
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
Usual suspects
The leaders of Brexit will be blamed and with any luck held to account.
How can they get away with these lies?
Haha but after Brexit we'll be forced to leave the UK and it won't be free over the wall anymore, straight to the EU it'll go :-)
John Delaney is the cancer of Irish football and has to go!!! #fai #rte #football #brexit #ireland #delaneyout
"It would be a spectacular act of desperation for Theresa May to be giving away knighthoods in a bid to win votes for her botched Brexit deal.” -
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
The brexiteer replies to this tweet are amongst the most delusional, most breathtakingly ignorant examples of blind faith as I have been seen on twitter. I don’t know whether to pity or despise them. Every one based on belief. Not one based on evidence. Brexit is a religion.
Is Spain angry about Brexit? Or jealous? #Brexit #WeeklyWindowontheWorld
i am: deceased
#problems catch 22 Labour party in 2010 the UK deficit was 1.5 trillion pounds. Labour have a lot of ideas ? Where is the money going to come from. Conservative party . Brexit do we risk a no deal? No matter what cbi say no deal will have massive implications on UK economy....
'EU won't give us a better Brexit deal' then hard brexit it is
Brexit that at least one of the proud stalwarts of industry are finally addressing the real problem in the world today - the elimination of the new car smell. God Bless you Ford xx
John Delaney is the cancer of Irish football and has to go!!! #fai #rte #football #brexit #ireland #delaneyout
Strange this isn't headline news. Maybe because it's bollocks.
Worth reading.
Black Friday Brexit bargains with from hosted by the excellent
It's not big business that will bear the brunt of #Brexit; they can move operations overseas if they need to. It's SMEs like this and freelancers like me.
Labour voters against the deal more than brexit tories and nearly the same as libdems. All the tories supporting the deal and who will vote for it is committinh political suicide.
Remember when americans wanted her to be president
Every now &amp; then this tweet resurfaces. Every time I am still impressed by the barefaced lying of Vote Leave
Quislings soon show their colours...
But.. But ..but I deserve a Falklands War or equivalent National crisis to become a hero Prime Minister, just like Maggie.. I am her equal.. I am.. I am.. Please HELP! me believe that enacting Brexit - no matter how harmful to the UK - will make me a hero for another term as PM?
Who’s this bloke? #Brexit #Gogglebox
Guy wants FoM to continue because he wants us to recruit nurses from say, Belgium, rather than India. Sounds kinda racist to me. #Brexit
A LIAR’ look what Edward Heath did ‘ he lied too.’ Politicians are desperate undemocratic looters of the public treasury and the British assets
Americans' view of Brexit: by 52/38 think Brits made wrong choice to vote 'leave' by 60/30 think the UK should hold a 2nd referendum by 51/23 think 2nd referendum would yield 'remain' result
The brexiteer replies to this tweet are amongst the most delusional, most breathtakingly ignorant examples of blind faith as I have been seen on twitter. I don’t know whether to pity or despise them. Every one based on belief. Not one based on evidence. Brexit is a religion.
Beyond Monty Python. Beyond parody. Beyond reason. That´s UKIP in a nutshell.
So that is reconfirmation of Labour policy. Brexit continues if you support them.
I can't believe it's not Brexit
No. Leaders LEAD. All these things are last-minute minor inducements being offered in REACTION to an increasingly angry #Brexit-voting public. #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch
THE DEATH OF BREXIT: sidelined ministers, a neutered Cabinet, a jubilant Whitehall and the collapse of journalism via
PM May says she will deliver what the "British People" want. Scotland doesn't want Brexit. Northern Ireland don't want it. Are they not "British People"? Or does Westminster alone decide what our people want? #Brexit will destroy the union. It will destroy Britain.
The singer from Wheatus on the BBC talking about brexit is certainly the best headline I've seen in a long time. But yeah, touring musicians have been trying to wrap their heads around Brexit too for a long time. It sucks
Can we not do any more brexit analogies please. It’s shit. Full stop.
. Take the advice your fuck-wit.
Thre is no deadlock Brexiteers voted out. ''OUT''
You could argue it’s a bit rich for Nigel Farage to get angry about Ukip going to the far right when in the US he happily appears on Infowars, the far right conspiracy theory website that argues Sandy Hook, 9/11, 7/7 etc were hoaxes.
After #Brexit I'll have to find something else to #tweet about!
Brilliant contributions tonight. Raymond from Dundee on Brexit betrayal was outstanding. Jamie also excellent ' we dont have to impose tariffs or a hard border. Time to call the EUs bluff. Bring on the No Deal Brexit .
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
Cancelled my LP membership as I do not trust JC &amp; JMcD an inch when it comes to BREXIT. If there is an early GE, as opposed to a #PeoplesVote only a pro EU party will get my vote. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
. she's really taking the Michael now Arlene - time to teach her a good lesson. #RejectTheDeal #NoDealBrexit
"Text your REMAIN or LEAVE to 87077. Lines close at 10pm and texts cost £3 plus your standard network rate."
No deal Brexit.
I am so angry. I will react.
Brexiters are going to destroy Brexit with their overblown language of vassal state and colony
It might not seem obvious but it was her thoughts on brexit. An unintelligible mess.
Yep. If she has to go on the radio to push this treachery then she is in trouble
No Fintan you duplicitous half wit. They said May’s Deal was worse than remaining in the EU. Once you actually read the agreement she is trying to fob off as Brexit, maybe you’ll stop creating straw men arguments
Our situation reminds me of Assad's "hamburger trick" cited by the BBC re. his humiliating of Prime Minister Tony Blair ( "A Dangerous Dynasty", Oct.2018). But now it's our own people who are being bamboozled by our own Prime Minister !
Laughable - you were in the position to actually negotiate for whatever the Brexit was you had in mind when you voted in 2016 but you failed because it is a complete fantasy.
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote via
What don’t you understand about overspending &amp; foreign interference in Brexit?
Sadly, I care about the climate, *and* Brexit. And Trump. And a few other things besides.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Brexit that at least one of the proud stalwarts of industry are finally addressing the real problem in the world today - the elimination of the new car smell. God Bless you Ford xx
A survey in 2002 asked : would you like to be governed by #Spain. 96% said no. The spanish state still try deny people their autonomy through threats. #Fascism never died in Spain. It is nation of #Wolfpack's #LaManada
A ‘Jobs First’ Brexit is another unicorn - ask Angela Merkel.
The funny thing is, as log as nobody knows who's paying how much for what, there's no free market in free market think thanks. Imagine, for example, you're an American dark money chicken magnate keen to lower food standards after Brexit. Where do you put your cash?
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Third of #brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK via
Don’t forget your ministerial car #Brexit #Gogglebox
All remainers think brexit is incomprehensible &amp; suicidal, all Brexiteers think remainers don't know what remain actually means. Idk why I chose you to reply to.
Bloody hell. Are you levying a Brexit surcharge already!
May will never be forgiven for this.
WTO. Pretty simple really. Sorry to spoil your hopeful hysteria
Brexit: May agrees democracy’s death sentence
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Rising recession risk leaves Europe acutely vulnerable to no-deal Brexit shock via
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
No Gibraltar deal, no Brexit summit, Spain's PM says
should be ashamed of himself. We have young men being murdered on our street almost daily &amp; the undemocratic of London spends his time on fast food ads &amp; trying to stop #Brexit. BTW, more people in London voted to leave the EU than voted for him as Mayor
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
May's plan is the Brexit that was voted for.
Me no doubt
I hope. Though it does seem to be a rallying cry.
Yep, thats the plan. Leaves the option of a terrible brexit which is basically remaining but worse, or remaining. Neither of them are Brexit because the establishment won’t let it happen. May’s a remainer, she duped you all and younfell for her lies
Ablyvdisplayed by her ridiculous 'jump the queue' comment which displayed total ignorance on immigration issue. Just as she did when Home Secretary #brexit
Really the BBC have stooped to a new low why not ask Harry Styles on the President.
Well, shes not wrong, if the citizens want something from their leaders and govt, they will move to replace them democratically (Salvini, Merkel, Salvini, Brexit, Trump, Le Pen etc)
Right.....
Hear hear. When we have left EU with a botched deal and stuck in a limbo with no trade deals and a broken economy, the lying and cheating will be finally exposed and Everyone will be shocked and say, why didn’t we know. Stop Brexit now with a People’s Vote.
TAKEN FROM ANOTHER BREXIT SITE : IF YOU CANNOT MAKE THE BREXIT MARCH IN LONDON on SUN 9th DEC Go to your local WETHERSPOONS with your Placards &amp; Banners Have lots of photos taken &amp; upload to PUBLIC ,PLEASE SHARE
On the spectrum of racism, Farage is desperately trying to stay on the half which keeps him just within the limits of socially/politically acceptable. This is a selfish thing; ‘polite’ racists like him need to keep their jobs and be invited to TV as equal voices.
Why does Brexit have to rob everyone of their sanity?
There is no such thing as crashing out that is remainers propaganda and it’s really irritating me tonight.
Seems clear that Middle England prefers Brexit to NI/Union. There is a manageable position for her if she chooses an Irish Sea Border. Sunday will reveal some new things
Surely the best way to heal the nation is to first carry out what the people voted for and then address the issues that are of concern to both groups. #LeaveMeansLeave and anyone who says otherwise is being deceitful
Pretty sure he didn’t vote for Brexit.
Arlene Foster to Theresa May: Stop wasting time and seek new Brexit deal
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Disgraceful but not surprising
Why on earth is news speculating an "economic shock" for the UK, in order for Ms.May's terrible deal to go through? They are almost advocating that it's the only way. #Brexit #UKIP
Well true too.... We need an informed Brexit... Not hearsay broadcasted to the moronic
#Brexiters position today: "I f*cked up. Really, really badly and I cost my country billions. But if I lie and divert hard enough, I won't get blamed for the sh*tfest of UK-wrecking #Leave bollocks that I sold the punters.' You REALLY think our memories are THAT short? #Brexit
#TheresaMay Gave A #Brexit Speech In Brussels, But Nothing Has Changed As Far As The #EU Is Concerned
It’s been a tough week for Theresa May… #Brexit #Gogglebox
Photography Exhibition 'Britishness - A Spanish Test Case' Offers Topical Backdrop to Brexit Drama
Sociopathic manipulation explained.
an honest opinion, that's good. I hope that gb after the brexit is not worse.
It’s as brexit as brexit can actually be. Softer versions are available. So, this or something softer, is all that was on offer. Utterly pointless, but we’ve always said it would be.
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Rejection of the deal leads to no deal Brexit but not necessarily an election. Labour don’t have votes to force an election.
Don't tell me to back the Brexit deal. I am a proud European and it has been very clear that protecting the rights of UK citizens in Europe has not been a priority for your government. You, Madam, have made our country a joke. Bright future, my ...
WTO Brexit according to the Livestock &amp; Meat Commission would see Northern Ireland EU sales decline by £190m but sales to GB to increase by £198m #DUP18 #Brexit
Amid the uncertainty of Brexit, how do I get my home to sell? via
I think she'll find that's not much of a threat, in the eyes of many in her party.
Fraser we know you are a remainer and are doing all you can to stop #Brexit. What these MP's are telling you &amp; you knew this, is a worst possible case illustration that it would be better to stay in rather than sign up to May's deal. A figure of speech not to be taken literally.
Think I'd rather listen to them go on about brexit than christmas.
This is only the start. Plenty more goodies in our store. The EU just cannot keep its thieving hands off other countries’ money &amp; property.
We used to be GREAT BRITAIN proud ppl yet now we are being sold out YET AGAIN if you do not step in Theresa May will sell us out your seas your country your ppl will be used RULE BRITANNIA is about to be scuppered by our leader Use your power to stop this sell out
DUP to AMBUSH Theresa May’s Brexit deal TOMORROW - ‘The beginning of the end’
#dianeabbot you are wrong. Open your eyes and ears. Brexit is dead. Support #PeoplesVote otherwise Labour leadership will be go down with Brexit sinking ship.
(Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit) #news #trendingnews #todaynews has been published on Review Journal -
It SHOULD have been easy, but remainers took control of Brexit and totally ignored offers of Canada +, from the EU &amp; deliberately created something worse than remaining and burnt all bridges to another proper deal. Now we're fucked.
Fake Twitter accounts pushed for #Brexit vote ...
There is no jobs first brexit Time for a #PeoplesVote #InformedConsent
A Thelma and Louise Brexit? You Know the Ending
This #Brexit started with a mistake and has snowballed into a total disaster .... The ones involved have either bailed out or are too scared to admit it
George - all Lexiteers need to be preparing now. The debate on Mays deal is 11th December. I understand there will be a protest outside Parliament - we should make sure every town and city has their own making the case for People’s Brexit.
Letters in or die and deserve too.
Jon McCourt: Brexit, Northern Ireland, And The Troubles
Couple of #facts about Europe
I hope you're right. It's quite remarkable what's unfolding in front of our eyes. The propaganda is designed to stop Brexit and make us think it was our decision!
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
Do keep up.
Been saying this for months. Russia are paying to groom him for leadership of UKIP. Like people laughed at Trump in the 90s, look where he is now. Russia reckon they can try their luck again, the way this country is going if Brexit isn't stopped, who knows TR for PM.
Clearly on about ‘it’s’ chance of reallocation
1/ "The people of the United Kingdom gave a clear instruction to leave the European Union" This response to the petition below is a lie. An advisory referendum cannot be an instruction. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit
1/ "The people of the United Kingdom gave a clear instruction to leave the European Union" This response to the petition below is a lie. An advisory referendum cannot be an instruction. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit
Take a look at this. Birmingham, like #Derbyuk is a manufacturing city and wealth creator. has resisted my requests to analyse possible #Brexit impacts. Maybe we can learn from the work of others, like , to prepare and/or lobby while we can.
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
A liar, and a conspirator. Her aim has always been a no Brexit.
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
People voted leave so the EU don't control our laws. You are confusing Brexit with remainer Mays plan
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Bring it on Bolton, but stop bullying and threatening. It’s pathetic and weak. You want fury, fine, you’ll pay the consequences (when the Police make their arrests). Your call.
How about telling Spain to give up Melilla &amp; Ceuta....?
Brussels warns fish and chips at risk unless Britain caves to EU fishing demands: it has warned Britain that Brexit will stop its people eating fish and chips unless the UK caves to EU. It looks like we've had our chips....?
I will tell my twitter friends to support your Brexit - but I want to be a Lord - can you bribe me too.
I honestly read this as ‘cease to be an electoral farce’
Nowt about trashing human rights &amp; the economy.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Been saying the same for months. We need a ross party Brexit government to ensure the peoples will is implemented.
Has not sold out..... Although we like Tommy Robinson, He is looking to the future and trying to protect from MSM and Liberal/marxist/communists/socialists. can be electable to the masses but it needs the masses to be elected. #brexit
May faces Spanish opposition ahead of #Brexit summit
Rubbish. The ... deal ... is .... not ...brexit.
This picture purrfectly illustrates our need to rise above the EU
The best way to guarantee the Democrats take the White House in 2020 would be for her to run as a Republican and primary Drumpf.
We are OK going to war with the UK, it wouldnt be the first time we defeat the muslims.
This is a false argument - People voted to leave the EU for many reasons other than economic ones #brexit
Funny, just like the brexit bus, only this didnt happen, it's photoshopped. Still, a lot of those were not far off as we are seeing even now.
We’ve never been more disjointed as a nation. People are in turmoil. Brexit. Is the cherry fucking us all over. Some of these Tory CUNTS are nakingvwedgeboff this.
The Brexit timeline via
This is like Brexit! A long drawn out tragedy.... !!!
This American’s pulling for you UKIP, and #TommyRobinson! I’ll let my friends &amp; Tommy’s friends know! You are all heroes in my book! Brexit!
Things that make me feel better about my life choices: about #Brexit
No deal is the ONLY deal.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
#Sweden #Europe #UK #UNGlobalCompact allowing MASS MIGRATION = #Genocide #UnitedNations #UN #TREASONOUS #TheresaMay can't wait to sign THIS !!! Courtesy of 'YOUR' #Queen #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BREXIT
The latest Finance Banter Daily! #brexit #oil
No chance of leavers runnng out of whine
John Hayes hasn't even got Twitter or a website. He probably thinks God will pass his devout message to on to his constituents for him
If we don’t learn from history, we are doomed to repeat it. By some quirk of fate many of the central cast of characters in our current political drama were in the thick of it during the Blair-era Tory Wars. Time for a look back at contemporary political history methinks #Brexit
“I very much enjoyed Dominic Raab talking about a “negotiated no-deal” on Friday, which does seem to be the moron’s oxymoron. “ - Class. Pure class.
ANALYSIS: Theresa May issues knighthood ahead of crucial Brexit vote
‘It’s not a good deal’: Email blunder reveals doubts within the CBI about Theresa May's draft Brexit agreement
Nigel. You are our leader. Everything you say is right. This path is a whole to destruction. I want People to vote Ukip to ensure we leave the EU. This is not helping our cause, of which I said previously, would cause a problem. Batten did a Theresa, not listening.
#TheresaMay Gave A #Brexit Speech In Brussels, But Nothing Has Changed As Far As The #EU Is Concerned
THERESA MAYS STATEMENT imaginary ON CHILD TRAFFICKING SEX RINGS IN BRITAN she feels no guilt at all I’ve always been clear that getting the right Brexit deal means getting a deal that is right for the whole of the United Kingdom – and that includes Northern Ireland.
Mastermind on the #EU #Economics #Brexit #UK #Funny #Euro #Europe
Well they can shove it up their assessment while we watch the EU sellf destruct...hohoho..BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
We know whatever Brexit deal happens some will do well, some will see little change and some will fare badly. The detail is in the “balance” and that will determine the level of opposition/rebellion.
And our true apologises about Brexit. UK humans can be so stupid sometimes.
O2 Wealth Economic Update, Nov. 23, 2018 #Brexit #China #Tariffs #Wildfires #SaudiArabia
All is bothered about is Tommy He has well and truly pissed Brexit up the wall He's un elected and didn't put it to the members about Tommy being anything to do with Ukip But aslong as its only Muslim grooming gangs that get the limelight sod all other religions
The country is already unpleasant under the Tories pre-Brexit. Under this useless deal its going to get worse
Get to know the real &amp; . #Antisemitism #Brexit
What Has The EU Ever Done For Us? #brexit
You're wrong. If they live in this country and will be affected by Brexit, they have a right to object to it, at any stage. That is what democracy means. A referendum is not a game, that you win once and never replay. It is... A WAY TO GAUGE THE VIEW OF THE PEOPLE. That's all.
No, you'll be needed for ever!
Brexit's Irish border debate is 'trap laid out by EU negotiators' – MEP to RT
Why would she humiliate Britain like this? Lawyer savages Theresa May’s Brexit deal
In fact i would go as far to say that Batten is harming the Brexit cause,The march he is planning with Tommy Robinson in the name of Brexit will attract far right supporters like the BNP &amp; EDL, MSM will have a field day with it as will confirm to them that Brexit was far right.
Just a reminder that Brexit is far from one way traffic. Also not averse to the fact that some form of backstop (one that maintains UK/NI sovereignty rather than the EU proposals) does indeed present major economic opportunities for Northern Ireland to be an EU-UK bridge. #DUP18
Yeah, we want "Scorched Earth Brexit". . . . . . .
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote Theresa thinks it’s all about immigration !
Trust to realise at the 11th hour what everyone else already knows: that any brexit deal is worse than remaining.
The best tv moment of the last 2 weeks regarding Brexit was on rte primetime when Miriam introduced Sammy Wilson, Fintan O' Toole and Liam Halliday as 3 Irish men to Gutto Bebb MP....the look of fury on Sammy Wilson's face was class
well done LIAR for pointless #BREXIT NOW respnsble for billionsss of wasted LIFE hours, we'll never get back,EVER!. FARAGE officially Britain's biggest waste of space EVER in history. RT #PeoplesVote RT
We must avoid a chaotic Brexit...
this "the Brexit Deal explained in 60 seconds" video lasts 70 seconds. and everything else in it is a lie, too.
Are u suggesting that David Davis didn't believe in Brexit? He didn't make much progress, but surely because he believed it would be easy, not because he didn't believe? Even Leave voters now think what's on offer now is definitely worse than staying. It's time for #PeoplesVote.
May 2016: #Brexit secretary David Davis reckons the EU is "poor at negotiating"...
Hey Nigel, that ship has sailed. Brexit is in jeopardy.
Art exhibit in London celebrates migration as Brexit tensions simmer
well Nigel did not walk away from UKIP he stood down because of NEC so first lie been caught out on !. Secondly for the past two years we have only heard from Nigel is Brexit but as for your self Mr Batten this year running after TR like his lap dog !
How Britain works:
British brand, French Owned! This is the result of Brexit people! Vauxhall: Ellesmere Port plant workers stage mass walk out
“Part of our elite — political, administrative, diplomatic, intellectual — is still evidently possessed by a sense of national decline. Perhaps it is a convenient excuse for their own inadequacy.” #losersvote
The UK's biggest egg producer, which is based in County Fermanagh and sells 95% of its products to Great Britain, says there are opportunities in Brexit #Brexit #DUP18
“The enemy”
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News ... via
What about Brexit?
Brexit by Benn
Seeing is believing, #Spain doesn't even have a veto so simply hot air.
BS on stilts, she knows after 2years with arch Brexiteers leading negotiations &amp; getting nowhere there IS no better deal. DUP supported brexit &amp; got (according to them) a border in the Irish sea &amp; the ‘precious union’ a pawn in a game played by others. Woefully woefully inept
#Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster - BBC News
Hmm, is this surprising? "EU wants to punish UK" was only a UK media narrative; never heard it in Germany or felt there were any aims other than trying to find the least damaging solution. Still, Brexit is a lose-lose decision as it ignores some realities.
The and offered a referendum, did not. Most working class who suffered voted for simply to get #Brexit Working class turned their back on for NOT offering the cahnce of #Brexit.
The Northern Ireland Food &amp; Drink Association see major opportunities for the food &amp; drink industry to supply the British market after we leave the EU #Brexit #DUP18
If some good can arise out of the coming no-deal #Brexit, it'll be that a global audience can watch the UKs economy slowly decline over the next decade; perhaps people will re-learn that ranting populists and demagogues will spin whatever bullshit they can to achieve selfish ends
#TheMatch #allergies #autism #TOTP #Gogglebox #Brexit #pregnancyproblems #children #baby #babies #netmums #mumsnet #gransnet #year1 #year7 #year6 #year5 #LBC #bbcnews #newborn #CFS #MS #HPV THE CAUSE OF 1 in 5 DEVELOPING AUTOIMMUNITY DISEASE GLOBALLY
Canadian imports have to conform to the EU rules. Post-#Brexit Britain, allegedly, will be able to sign own deals. Presumably US is a peach if a deal. WH officials said on record they'll expect unfettered access to NHS and foods/agri.
Mixed reactions amongst members of this evening who are hearing from Mike Freer MP of about his work in the Whips Office, #Brexit and why he feels MPs &amp; Voluntary Party need to get behind the Prime Minister on #WithdrawalAgreement.
To be clear, there were people that wanted brexit for reasons associated with Tory Britain but never enough to win a ref. For that it took a cabal of #altright extremists who conned millions into voting for something that would harm them in ways they don't know. It was a scam.
This is just legislative vandalism by the same Tory backbenchers that want to drive full throttle over the cliff that is Brexit. It’s criminal that these people wield such influence.
Backbone?? The easy option is to opt out, whither and decline - that’s a hard brexit The hard work is done by the 48% who subsidise brexiteers!
There is no 'after Brexit'
Shocking You really have no principle other than crude political expediency. Just disgraceful. #brexit
I hope hart Brexit
Thought I was a life long conservative voter! Not after this fucking con job by Will wait to see the end game. If Brexit voted for by the people gets back stabbed by then will cancel my membership of the party and never vote for these scumbags again!
The only saving grace for this is that he's too much for a lot of people still. Tories feeling let down by May's Brexit will think twice about moving to UKIP now with him involved in their policy.
BREXIT: Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to win MP's Brexit support /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Arlene also has the report on the RHI fraud on her mind. It is only a month away. Her leadership is up for grabs. The petty, parachoical DUP infighting will take precedence over small things like brexit.
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
We’ll get him for this,” a Jeremy Corbyn aide snapped angrily when Keir Starmer defied the Labour leader by ...deliberately going beyond the speech approved by Corbyn’s office (and) won an ovation in the hall,
#BBCNewsChannel #itvnews #Brexit again interesting good news not reported.... who is ordering what to broadcast
Aw for crying out loud! We had to put up with their disgraceful behaviour during Indy ref. It has taken them a long time to show any shame, anger or remorse. Too long. I don't believe them. #Brexit
Fucking hell mate, you negotiated this.
THE MAJORITY OF THE NATION DID NOT ASK FOR A BREXIT DEAL, IE. COMPROMISE. WE VOTED TO LEAVE. STOP DECEIVING THE NATION WITH THIS DEAL. .
Clear minds, what a joke, the thoroughly discredited cranks of Brexit?
Much less than Brexit.
The EU currently ban exasperation as a means of gammon production. With an exception for the French, who retain their traditional practice of forcefeeding whole geese to pigs. After Brexit, I’ll smuggle cheap exasperated gammon from East Antrim to the EU across the Irish Border.
End #FreedomOfMovement. No more #Brits allowed to leave #UK 2.5 million Brits repatriated from #EU No more #Erasmus
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
Brilliant, a book of your “Best of Brexit” articles is so far the only good thing that I can see coming out of this sorry saga
Brexit is the worst kind of xenophobia #BackThePeoplesVote
History lesson in 2035 . -The European Union Empire acquired its first colony, the UK in March 2019 #brexit
Pure unadulterated opportunism from a Leader of a fellow democratic nation and European supposed friend. A veto, on this basis, is unacceptable and should be discounted from any EU vote on #Brexit due to the long-term, well understood and enduring UK:Spain division on #Gibraltar
Tip of the iceberg. Politics Live, This Week, Any Questions, Question Time - all rabid right wing Brexit propaganda shows. Neil and Dimbleby Bros should be ashamed of themselves for bringing us to this mess. Brexit means uncertainty for years if Tories get away with it.
Every word of ’s righteous anger is spot on. “Why Theresa May should not get anyone’s sympathy vote” “There is a story going round that she had no choice in all this.. This is simply not the case.” #Brexit
Curious about your 'shambles of EU vassalage' Andy; before the referendum we were EU members with full rights and representation, apres TM's #Brexit we really will be vassals, all duties and no vote on anything. Thought you wanted to take back control, not give it away?
Worse than brexit!
No more Brexit on #Gogglebox we get enough as it is...
: RT : Spain's Socialist Prime Minister threatens to 'veto Brexit'
Agree 100%, can clearly remember being poorer plastered all over the side of a bus. #brexitLies
Spain Criticizes `Treacherous' Change Made to Brexit Text
It’s what we all voted for. David Cameron promised us No Deal Brexit Armageddon in his special little booklet.
If you bet Hard Brexit at Ladbrokes congratulations! Even if somehow PM May can push some compromise through Parliament it is then subject to veto by EU member states!! This was always the hurdle.
She can read alright. She is a serial liar.
If you’re a Sociologist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
We are the architects of our own oppression by letting this happen without consequences
Cheeky Spanish twats. If it wasn’t for the British package holiday army you’d be broke. It’s a shitty little bit of land anyway - give it up! #Brexit #Gibraltar
Alan Sugar calls Jacob Rees-Mogg 't**t in a pinstripe suit' in Brexit rant via
He's mentally ill
When are in a hole you are supposed to stop digging. P.S. I'm one of #The5Million and your deal does NOT protect our rights, so stop spouting that lie!
Seriously?
And it is the least harmful way to finish such a mess.
Would believe anything Channel 4 News, Jon Snow, or Guru Murthy said about #Brexit. They are the Guardian on air, entirely biased bleeding heart liberal intelligentsia. (well maybe not the last one.)
Our #zionist-supporting Brexiteer has finally realized that the premise that she and other #brexit fantasisists fought on were never achievable - maybe she will now support #Remain now that it is better than May's deal
You win with hearts, not minds. The Labour Party is a party for the working class. The working class voted quite substantially for brexit. Some voted for the first time in their lives. Will they vote again?
not in my name &amp; not in the people’s name I have never seen such a pack of lies &amp; miss information in my life #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
"the really big question is not what Labour does after the first Commons vote, but in the second one "
Usually we say obliged....but humour me...they are very pro-Brexit.
It's a big NO from me!
May trying to walk in those shoes #TheresaMay #Gogglebox #brexit
We are where we are and there are no particularly attractive options, but in the face of some pretty stiff competition no deal Brexit is the least attractive of all.
Paul MP on echos #TheresaMay's threats that its 1] her deal or NO DEAL to #Remainers or 2] her deal or NO BREXIT to #Leavers So, after #MaysDeal is voted down in the HoC [as it will be], it is going to be a #PEOPLESvote on #NoDeal or #NoBrexit #BringItOn
If they knew the truth about what Brexit would mean for their jobs. They would vote to remain but the leave campaign avoided telling them that.
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
#Gogglebox Now that we know what the Brexit agreement is going to be, why not give the people the choice. Let us vote for: Deal Brexit. No deal Brexit. No Brexit.
....if Labour hadn’t voted through art 50 it would have spelt political suicide (check Lib Dem lack of success at GE17 standing on a Brexit reversal platform). Electorate was given a 2nd opportunity and voted for 2parties that supported leave. He stated clearly in Die Spiegel....
But it is! Don't forget Brexit is Brexit. Are you really telling us now there are different Brexits?!? Maybe people voted for different things after all in the referendum?
One in 200 people now homeless in Britain - CNN.. I know the solution for this heartbreaking social disaster. Brexit! Let’s divert £ Billions into emergency plans, penalty payments, create staff shortages in NHS and social services. Brexit will fix it.
Brexiteers disowning Brexit and blaming Remainers. For shame.
So close to having an hour away from hearing about Brexit... then boom!!! #Gogglebox
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
I can explain it in one word: tommyrot
so do I
Easy, sweetheart. It isn't brexit. Just another remain
Theresa May to sign Brexit deal while party is deeply divided
Will the final of #Brexit be like #TheApprentice, and they get all the past Brexit secretaries to come back and help with the final task - and we all go, “oh, I’d forgotten that one was even in this series”?
Wow. The spasms.
“BREXIT” deal explained: “BREXIT” means “give my EU masters tens of billions of your money in return for the UK putting on an EU straight-jacket” you mugs trusted a hollowed-out shell of a weirdo vicars daughter, groomed by globalists for this very purpose, did I do well daddy?
I have a feeling #BackTheBrexitDeal is going to backfire really badly ... #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
When the Remainer PM whose deal turns the UK into a vassal state/colony of the E.U. what others are suitable?
Hey guys just saying I’m happy with the brexit work so far, keep it up
I voted yes and remain which I suppose is a contradiction. Why leave one union and join another. The same contradiction if you believe in making your own decisions (brexit) but not scottish independence (making your own decisions). I am sure this whisky will make it clearer.
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
It’s better than working. Did they enjoy teach you anything about values and that democracy wasn’t just a pre-election sound bite? #sellout #brexit
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
#Eurosceptic #Tory MP John Hayes given knighthood #Brexit #ToriesOut
We all know where that’s going EU Brexit summary sums it up an absolute Media circus which is a smokescreen for what’s really going on which is the elite looking after their self obsessed interests and money making arses and no one else’s
In my times of doubt about Brexit I return to the diaries of Tony Benn. He was savage about the EU - far more than any living politician. He maintained that stance before and after 1973
Oh, the comments! All his faithful acolytes turning to pledge allegiance to the new rebel leader. What you reap is what you sow, Nige, ha! #SecondFiddle #PoeticJustice #FridayFeeling
Kremlin offers #Brexit guru Farage his own show ...
Interesting read
If we do go to war with the British, we should do it anytime of the year, when they are all drunk or doing balconing in Ibiza.
so IF the #brexit vote had gone the other way, even by 1% Remain, Gordon Brown would want a People's vote or People's Parliament on behalf of all those losing leaver voters??? I don't think so...#out #2faced
Britain always had one foot in the EU and the other one outside. Brexit appears to be achieve the feat of reversing this.
Tune in next week to catch P O D on songs of praise.
11/12.. not too bad! Got the amount of civil servants question wrong.
Corruption in Government buying of votes
Giles and Mary Me &amp; Hubster #lifegoal
Another dim self-serving politician to dump. End it HERE first! Prosecute them for child abuse. And while you're at it grow a backbone &amp; stand up for Brexit and DEMOCRACY!
Some of the Labour Party do support her, especially on Brexit
Brexit political accord stokes renewed criticism |
BECAUSE ITS IMPOSSIBLE. Theresa May and all the Brexit ministers before her went to Brussels, said what they wanted and were told NO. BECAUSE ITS IMPOSSIBLE. It was attempted. It FAILED. What don’t you understand about that?
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster #Shocked
You could make a good start by bringing and end to Brexit sir.
#Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says #news
Except that is Brexit, that’s as good or as bad a deal as it gets. No deal is stupidity. No Brexit is better than any Brexit.
This is disgraceful !
Farage agrees with ‘ASHAMED’ Brexiteer who condemns ‘DECEITFUL’ Theresa May
One of the most hilarious nights of my life with #Schmuckforanight tonight. Made all the funnier by being sat behind with Omid on his Brexit analogy rant. To be fair, Royston was laughing along with the rest of us. Great night!
Brexit. The thing that The Telegraph has been promoting for years has turned out a disaster. Please don’t blame The Telegraph!
Welcome to the struggle, comrade.
Maybot strikes again. Tories hanging on to her coat tails are in for a shock.
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to win MP's Brexit support
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to win MP's Brexit support #stopbrexit
Hopefully most moderates can coalesce around an EFTA-based solution. The only thing more depressing than how awful our political class has shown itself to be over the last two years is the idea we are all condemned to be divided into "leavers" or "remainers" forever.
Brexit is lose-lose for everybody. for some, like me, it causes enormous problems. We don't know long-term deal but if political declaration is anything to go by, I will have little choice than to leave Edinburgh after more than 20 years living here.
When HARD LEFT Labour Democratic Socialist Tony Benn explains why the EU is undemocratic, every remainer should at least listen to what he had to say: #HIGNFY #Gogglebox #Brexit
Savage but true
How can anyone remain a Conservative. After this Brexit Sell Out! UKIP will gain thousands and thousands of votes and members.
Yep. We do want it settled so we can look forward to a better future BUT not any price! YOU may be determined to deliver but WE are MORE determined to squash your garbage "deal" that gives all advantages to the #EU. #BREXIT NO DEAL. WTO
Just imagine if HMF over past 40yrs had spent as much effort correcting politicians who peddled lies, myths &amp; scapegoats about the EU Instead they rode a tiger of lies, deceit, fantasy, racism &amp; xenophobia from 2010 onwards. From 2016 add the electoral crimes of Brexit.
Missing the big picture . Cross benchers reflect the high % of voters giving first prefence to minor parties. That's not affected by above/below line voting. Would a fair system have 10-15% vote 'other' and none elected? Leads to disillusion/brexit
Opinion: It's crunch time, Corbyn. You need to talk about Brexit and quickly
BREXIT! YEEEAH
'And so say all of us'!
Gordon Brown: Use X Factor votes to break Brexit deadlock
On Brexit, Theresa May’s undoing may be Europe’s salvation
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Please veto Brexit anyway. It’s a shit idea.
Welcome to the club, we have cookies.
Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal? #DealorNoDeal #nodealbrexit #nobrexitatall #peoplesvotenow
If the “deal” goes through as is Brexit is effectively destroyed anyway because we will have relinquished sovereignty rather than reclaiming it. “Vassal state” and “colony” language is necessary to explain the threat and that is not extremist.
Ministry of Propaganda. RT would be embarrassed.
He always says it how it is! Mr B
A break? A break from what? She's a jumped up bloody councillor. Brexit isn't her remit FFS. Better she sort out her constituency, Our our schools.
A study from researchers showed that after the #Brexit vote, antidepressant prescriptions have increased in the UK via
It’s not looking like is out of the dark yet. It looks like the DUP are worried that the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement could be passed. They have said they might have to revisit the agreement between both parties. #BrexitChaos
This is Important
Jo Johnson: My interview: 'We must have a second referendum. This Brexit deal is a catastrophe for the country' via
Why would she humiliate Britain like this? Lawyer savages Theresa May’s Brexit deal
I could see this coming. It's what happens when you put remainers in charge of brexit. May and her cronies had no intention of leaving the EU. But she's not home and dry yet ?.
Listen, I watch #Gogglebox to have a bit of a laugh at the end of the week I don’t need the extra Brexit talk. Please for one hour a week. It’s exhausting.
A 3rd world country such an achievement for her, she must be very proud tonight.
Leading Tory #Brexit -er says "fuck business" ...
Defeatism. Instead of trying to manage the decline, have a go at playing to our strengths and aiming for a successful future.
If BREXIT is finished pal then so is Teresa May and the conservatory party !!!!
The #Brexit Deal Explained. "COMPLETE SURRENDER"
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough new demands to lock UK into joint fisheries deal
cuck
#Gogglebox I wonder if Gibraltar Will get negotiated away like everything else. #Brexit
This claim of #HMG being "instructed" has been countered already. The 2016 referendum was "advisory". #HighCourt has ruled that decision was made by #TMay personally. It was reasonable to explore terms for leaving but now we deserve vote on whether terms are acceptable.
Shameful, disgraceful abuse by giving away a knighthood to try and sway her shabby deal. #MayOut #ToriesOut #newsnight #r4today #LBC
Good news everyone!
I've heard and read some daft ideas in my time, but allowing a bunch of self-selecting nutcases to determine the future of #Brexit sounds as madcap as, say, taxing everyone's pension funds by £5bn or selling our gold at below market value. Oh. Hang on. Wasn't that Gordon Brown?
I wonder what they think about lying and cheating to achieve a result.
New polling data by of 54 Leave-voting Labour constituencies finds preference for new ref “If it fails to support a People’s Vote and just opposes the Prime Minister’s Brexit deal, in line with its current plans, its lead falls to 2% and it loses 14 of the seats.”
“May’s Brexit” allows all those who pretend it is nothing to do them to blame someone else.
Possibly your most pathetic offering yet.
Spain accuses EU of ‘treacherous’ action on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit talks | TheHill - The Hill vía
.Please do veto Brexit. Most of us in the UK do not want to leave the EU.
Michael Portillo bang on the money again. There's no hard or soft BREXIT just BREXIT.
Just another day in the British Empire. The Americans know. #MAGA #MAGA #uk #eu #snp #brexit #Indyref #DissolveTheUnion #scotland #independence #IndyRef2 #leavemeansleave
Yet he was less than convincing on Brexit! I hardly watch this shitshow and the two lushes of &amp; Karen Brady! It’s become a joke show Tony!
To summarise... Theresa May, liar, liar, pants on fire!
Lies. If they were solid in any way at all there would be a method explained at some point during the last 2.5 years. #fail
The U.K. always had one foot in the EU and the other one outside. Brexit appears to be achieving the feat of reversing this.
From trade to tech wrecks #LookingForward to the week ahead - #FedPlot #G20 #TLTRO #Brexit #TechWreck
Yes, but the people really pushing for Brexit are the people tired of human rights, worker right and environmental protection getting in the way of more profit...
. makes her look like an articulate maths genius!
Sick of hearing about brexit
Corbyn: 'Prime Minister's Brexit deal is bad for Wales'. Labour are in Govt in Wales. They voted to repeal the Continuity Act, selling 24 powers &amp; Wales down the river to London over Brexit. Labour. Say one thing, do another. Wales deserves better.
So what is the question and who sets it? You lot in parliament would never agree on the question! Nothing can answered by yes or no in this situation - something has to be agreed through negotiation. Politicians seem to be incapable of this so god help us all.
The Spanish are trying to take advantage of how weak is and her pathetic deal. If she gives in she, will go down as one of the worst PMs of all time. #brexit
Thoughts?
A family member states #Six #Airplanes #SPRAY #Aluminium #Barium &amp; #Strontium ALL DAY LONG in the #Luton &amp; #StAlbans in an effort to make #Cloud &amp; have done for over #Half a #YEAR! #LOOKUP! #GeoEngineering #REALBrexitNOW! #TRAITOR #TheresaMayMUSTGO NOW! #BREXIT #BREXIT #NoDEAL!
But he's Wrong on Brexit so should buzz off PDQ
Yup there will Fury on Dec 2nd after smashes Absolute Fury!!!!
#TheresaMay Gave A #Brexit Speech In Brussels, But Nothing Has Changed As Far As The #EU Is Concerned
Brutally spot on brexit satire by .
#Brexit -er Arron Banks says "facts don't work" ...
EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
if you back the PM yourself and the government are finished rethink
#It’s better than working. Did they teach you anything about values and that democracy wasn’t just a pre-election sound bite? #Brexit #sellout #disgrace
Yes Obama’s one comment really equates to what the Kremlin was up to... like many brextremists, you’re living in a dream world. Good luck chasing those unicorns and pots of gold at the end of your Brexit rainbow!
That’s awful. Personal gain at the expense of everyone else in the UK. you should be ashamed!
Not austerity. Not your foreign policy. Not trade policy. Not neoliberalism that failed to combat the midwest’s deindustrialization. But immigrants. Is this y’all’s kween?
Just another day in the British Empire. The Americans know. #MAGA #MSGA #uk #eu #snp #brexit #Indyref #DissolveTheUnion #scotland #independence #IndyRef2 #leavemeansleave
Maybe because it's not actually Brexit
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Then he must demand for a hard Brexit ‘ as he is elected by the sovereign will of the majority to serve the public . Serve it Rabb’ or else lose your seat in biggest fight back of all your political seats in GOVnt . We will remove undemocratic politicians . Promise
When you are in a hole you are supposed to stop digging. P.S. I'm one of #The5Million and your deal does NOT protect our rights, so stop spouting that lie!
Because no one is stupid enough to take her place. For whomever tries to deliver Brexit, it can only end in political suicide. There is NO good Brexit deal, the lying chickens are coming home to roost.
The Prime Minister presents her deal to Parliament first for approval or rejection. If that deal was rejected I then would support a #PeoplesVote - This route satisfies parliamentary democracy in my view and would be better than a hard #Brexit - Parliament then honours result
May to meet Tusk after Juncker on eve of Brexit summit: Talks with top two EU officials to prepare for endorsement of deal. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
I voted Brexit and would do again I smile when I see people panic with media propoganda, big company propaganda &amp; government propoganda. People are bound by the instinct of following a trend due to fear. I prefer breaking away from the norm and seeking a pathway of positives
An easier way than writing 48 letters? #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Arlene Foster to Theresa May: Stop wasting time and seek new Brexit deal: The Democratic Unionist Party leader said her party would reconsider its deal propping up the UK government if it doesn't deliver on… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
#EU won't offer 'better deal' on #Brexit - May:
Light relief from brexit
Ambush: BBC’s #Brexit negativity plumbs new depths in attack on Peter Lilley via #r4today #bbcpm #wato #Marr #bbcaq #Newsnight #bbcnews #bbcgms #bbcwh #bbcpapers #bbcqt #r5live
Get ready for #Brexit #advent, where a new political #hellscape opens every day
It was doomed the moment the Tories chose as their leader. They needed to have a Leave supporter in charge of delivering Brexit rather than a Remainer.
#TheresaMay accused of giving knighthood to win MP's #Brexit support
The latest Casino Law Group Daily News! Thanks to #savannah #brexit
UK farming unions say Brexit provides opportunities #Brexit #DUP18
...that Labour did not have the numbers to get a 2nd ref through...they don’t. Position is clear...GE and then all options on table inc. public vote. I voted for this at Conference! Brexit is the result of many political decisions made by numerous governments. Time for change.
This is incredible. We’re fixated on #Brexit but internal fault lines seriously threaten the EU. , has a responsibility but has so far failed disastrously in defending European principles... #Orban #Hungary
The buyer of votes
Time the PM called it a day and Quit leave #Brexit to those serious leaving the Unaccountable EU
Yes, Major took no chances in 92 when he denied UK a vote on #Maastricht. Now he is angry Cameron has undone his 'good work' in getting us into the #EU. JM is pinning his hopes on a Hotel California no #brexit deal . Either that or a #PeoplesVote which will be anything but fair.
May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal
The will of the people? #Brexit
When are the Tories going to rid us of this duplicitous PM. #Conserativeparty #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo
Mini Madeley for Brexit minister
The way I see it, once Brexit is done we have three legal zones on the Islands. I would strip them down into universal expectations from individuals and bodies.
Surely the majortity of Gloucester people have realised brexit is a disaster by now. The Govt are just trying to limit the damage to the UK whereas cancelling brexit altogether would give a massive boost to the economy #brexut #gloucester
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
There won't BE a brexit we voted for,. Because the undemocratic palace of Westminster has, and Is, obstructing it at every turn
A Brit in any other country than the UK is ALSO a foreigner.
May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal
I like you and enjoy your generally entertaining posts, but you are completely (in my honest opinion, as a UKIP activist who lives within one of the biggest Leave voting, working class communities) WRONG about #TommyRobinson He is WIDELY ADMIRED amongst MANY #brexit voters
Latest News: Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster The DUP leader says her agreement with the Conservatives had been intended to deliver on Brexit. 2018-11-23 21:46:14Z
Tory #Brexit -er likens Brexit to Hundred Years War -- which England lost ...
Not a dissimilar position to Australia then, who's GDP per capita at PPP, is over 12% higher than the current UK's.
An informative and unbiased report on why Brexiteers are wrong - Reality Check: How much UK law comes from the EU? - BBC News #BrexiteersAreWrong #BrexitIsWrong #Brexit
The long term results of #Brexit will be endured by the young-many who never had the opportunity to vote the first time. To think of them having to live with the result of something this momentous...life-altering...and they couldn't even vote for it. Grotesque. #PeoplesVote
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Caller saying how BRILLIANT and FANTASTIC Raymond was on - a fellow Dundonian like himself, who has known him all his life. Please follow and for REAL Brexit Debate! #MOATS
Breaking News! Parliament agrees Brexit compromise. On Mondays and Weds the UK will be fully out of the EU. No imports exports or holiday travel. Tuesdays we will be Canada. Thursdays the mainland will be Out but NI will be in. Fridays it will be the other way round.
Wtf? The BBC/r4Today have been consistently anti-brexit, don't you remember the whole "despite brexit" meme?
First well-targetted ad ever on Twitter, inviting me to make a career as an academic in Germany. Apart from my age (76) I'm a well-chosen target, what with Brexit.
#TheresaMay has speeded up the process #Brexiteers tried to stop at the referendum... This deal is what would have happened in 10 years without a referendum #DrainTheDeepState #MayMustGo #Brexit #PeoplesVote #Peston #Tyranny
Here’s where we report the imminent launch of immigration paper last week: the categories and caps on low skilled workers will be key
Someone died hit by a train, stick your nationalise stuff to one side for a minute or 2, Your darling Corbyn should be dealing with Brexit
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote
Read my review of Jonathan Coe's Middle England here: #brexit #MiddleEngland
No shit #BrexitShambles Sherlock! #Brexit
Unless the Bank of England engineers a crash in Sterling.
Does ANYBODY out there still think Brexit has ANY chance of happening?? Anybody? #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
Northern Ireland after a careful consideration rejected brexit.
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Good old Gordon. As he said in 2016; "We should be leading, not leaving the EU" Always ahead of the curve!
En check de reacties....
Not what I wanted, only time will time.
Martin Rowson on the PM's #Gibraltar-#Brexit conundrum – cartoon
You don't want an E.U superstate/army but Brexit is what makes that possible. We have a veto.
Not so. Even Brexit isn't going to come close to pushing UK nat. income so low that that excuse has any force (see e.g. and
Skittles probably won't taste of anything after Brexit due to the rising costs of Skittle flavouring. Then you can laugh and point with your...apple flavoured Skittles?!
Better David, would be the deal now that we have. To remain in the EU and reform from within. What you forget that any Brexit flavour will still cost further jobs, damage the economy and lead to further racism. Too high a price
#Brexit -er publishes manifesto on a beer mat ...
63,000 NHS staff in England are EU nationals. And our PRIME MINISTER says they are ‘Jumping the queue’ AND proposing to bill them for coming here to care for us. And we voted for all of it. Shameful. This rotten Brexit adventure needs to end now. #brexit
Welcome my Russian friend. If you wish to continue using twitter, I expect vodka sent to my office. Thank you.
And Sunderland resounding support for Brexit st the referendum you of all people should back it.
Just stop listening to our friend in Spain as he can't actually VETO anything this weekend.#FakeNews Can he make it difficult sure, but the backlash here will stop May even thinking about changes to Gib's status ... Not going to pass meaningful vote anyway
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Hope beer doesn’t get affected by Brexit. That would make things a million percent worse than they are already.
We get sniffy about Wheatus dude being interviewed about Brexit but Doctor Science and General Military Industrial Complex INSTALLING A DIMMER SWITCH ON THE SUN is fiiiiine
The SNP didn’t vote brexit you English tit.
A solitary woman standing in the middle of Downing Street appeals to the people of Britain to support her Brexit proposals. So where are her Cabinet? Why aren't they there to support HER, their leader.... and the Government position?
A richly deserved private prosecution... #Brexit
BS ONLY AND EXCLUSIVELY BS
That would seem to be political unionism's Brexit plan, using it to collapse the GFA, now that the shift towards a nationalist voting age majority is just around the corner &amp; since there's plenty voting on non-tribal lines for Alliance, Green, PBP etc., minority rule is their aim
Obviously a different document to the draft published. #Brexit #Betrayal
Yes. Tell me what he has done. Don’t piss around. Don’t tell me promises. Don’t send me newspaper cuts. Let’s start here: 1) he agrees with Brexit 2) he agreed with 70% of Tory austerity cuts 3) he agreed with Trident (oh yes he does). Your turn.
We are long overdue a reality check here. No deal is not better than a bad deal; it is unconscionable. The only solution to Brexit is, and always has been, going back to the people for a final say. via
He's done his best to damage Brexit? Then I'm a fan.
I hear that Theresa May offered Peter Lawwell the #Brexit secretary job but he declined, saying that it would have been a step down.
Belfast Mayor challenges British Chancellor on impact of Brexit. Maith thú
Tide is turning in May’s favour. Thank God. Whether you’re pro or anti Brexit the cavalier way some of these these Remainers have sought to play fast and loose with our democracy with their disingenuous calls for a (second) peoplesvote is nothing short of shameful.
Just looking at the pro Brexit comments says it all...
Foreign ones? Not English. Seriously, tho', Brexit Fanatics will take any opportunity to rant; even if it's as simple matter like a misuse of words, they'll use that to attribute a motive - "you only want to stop Brexit by pointing out that the word used was wrong"!
The only Brexshit upside: the deeper the hole, the better gets: Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Hopefully you can convince them to stop Brexit then.
I recommend you have a large alcoholic drink by your side as you read this...not good at all! May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
Bloody Brexit!
Until the last election I was a lifelong Labour voter (voted Lib Dem because of Brexit) You make me feel unwelcome in the party, how do you expect to attract floating voters?! Do you actually want a permanent Tory government?
Nobody in Ireland cares what Oxford students think you old bigot. If UCD students held a debate on Brexit you’d be all over it like a tramp on a sandwich spouting your usual anti Irish bile.
How Is Brexit Working Out? Antidepressant Use Is Up In The UK
Denmark will need to share Greenland, Spain their enclave in Morocco.... should I go on? EU = hypocritical cunts #brexit
Britain must hold its nerve and not let Spain use Gibraltar as a Brexit bargaining chip via
TRAITORGATE BY THE UK PRIME MINISTER !!
Proper hard brexit footballer
13 June 2016: Tory #Brexit -er says Brexit is "about supremacy of Parliament and nothing else" ...
Nick Berry predicted brexit .....
So, call their bluff
If we don't like the result of the next General Election will the politicians allow us to have another one...? No!!! So why are they calling the Brexit vote into question?
There is NO such thing as a soft Brexit.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Finally and May justice prevail.
8 years and you still haven't found a solution! Theresa May has been at it for two years and still cannot deliver brexit... God help us all
BBC News - Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
Whether public attention grows &amp; forms a strong view either way will be interesting. For the first time this decade I sat through a whole BBCQT last night. My guess is the May bounce is from anti-migrant middle England (Brexit = End FoM = Brexit) &amp; risk-averse high-street biz
Vauxhall wants to scrap nearly 250 jobs, but insists that the cuts are not linked to the Brexit
Brexit mate, that's how much $200 is in GBP now.
May ignored the people. Instigating her OWN remainer plan, lied to parliament &amp; the people; colluded with Brussels to build a plan so UK COULD NEVER LEAVE, this is the actions of an enemy of the state a TRAITOR, the cabinet all in collusion
Vauxhall wants to scrap nearly 250 jobs, but insists that the cuts are not linked to the Brexit
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
If you have to threaten the electorate to accept your disastrous Brexit deal then you're clutching at straws; besides, if Brexit is betrayed by May &amp; her fellow remainiacs a Corbyn led govt is the least of our worries (at least we can vote him out, unlike the EU lot!). #MayMustGo
Vauxhall wants to scrap nearly 250 jobs, but insists that the cuts are not linked to the Brexit
This is the real tragedy - losing great talent in this country because of Brexit.
It’s been a really great day. Thanks so much to everyone who came to our Europe event - we had some fascinating conversations.
This seems really very silly. The rebel MPs don't care. The 'rotting fruit' articles are piling up. And it confirms all the worst things people think about this being a deal run solely on kicking out the forrins.
Vauxhall wants to scrap nearly 250 jobs, but insists that the cuts are not linked to the Brexit
Sir John Hayes! Remember that name. ... This is the guy who sold his brexit vote to May for a knighthood. #thestateofbritishpolitics #democracydiesabiteverydayMaysinpower
May faces Spanish opposition ahead of Brexit summit | Bailiwick Express UK
Stop lying. Games up and you've been rumbled. Brexit is DEAD.
Nothing like a good hard 2 hours sleep to prepare you for 12 hours of work on your assignment #cim #damnkids #brexit #deadlineday
This “ brexit agreement” looks on the face of it genuine but look closely and you can see it’s been patched together from at least 6 other failed deals
Makes sense:"parliaments should assemble for a day’s deliberation in every region and nation of Britain to discuss issues such as immigration, sovereignty and wages, all of which he said underpinned the vote to leavethe European Union" Clear now that Brexit was wildly mis-sold.
#Brexit guru Farage backtracks ...
Where is the labour leadership. I haven’t a clue where they stand except they are with ms May on brexit.
Can you please clarify what the deal is for our military in brexit? is Military Union with the EU still on the agenda? #brexit #notourmilitary
Fewer foreigners not less foreigners.... Not just Brexit which is a shambles
Pretty much anybody but Hammond. David Davis had a good deal on the table, back in March 17. May kiboshed it. Pritti Patel would be my choice for Brexit Sec. DD for interim PM and JRM for chancellor.
Chope is a cantankerous little shit. One of lifes c**ts
it can be done sooner A50 can be extended
In our Weekly - our new Brexit scenarios, views on Italy and European equities
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
The 600 pages won't even make it through parliament. And your friend Gina Miller made sure that parliament had the final say. So no deal (actual Brexit) it will be.
What part of the genuine Muslim threat don't you understand ? Is it beyond your comprehension that as soon as Muslims reach 16% of the population they can't be stopped from total takeover. The far-right as you call us are the only ones trying to save our country.
If this woman gets her brexit plan through she will be able to rewrite ALL our Laws in her image. #henryVIII
Faisal Reverse-Ferrets on BMW Brexit Doom
The first priority should be to push for a General Election. A no confidence motion only needs a simple majority. If May runs a referendum, she will REALLY push for her Brexit deal.
Femi finally admits EU law controls us. Another remain lie durimg the referendum
ah yes, the only thing she gives a damn about
Brexit in 60s. UK vl get more benefits by securing this deal.!!!
Raab &amp;co prepare the ground . Boris says I’d rather remain than do Chequers &amp; backs people’s vote. May’s deal fails &amp; she goes. Boris becomes PM. Labour are left holding the toxic Brexit baby. Boris calls election &amp; Labour are defeated by a landslide.
Firstly - not true. Secondly - your only pro-brexit argument left is belief, in which case it's got nothing to do with reality, so keep believing (and praying) and it will materialise...
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Today I saw a broadcast where a reporter - commenting on opinion polls that brexit should be overturned, sounded exactly like Theresa May, &amp; this was played over footage of her. For a split second my incredulous mind flipped thinking she'd actually called it off.
I learnt hard Left Lexiteers are a heartless lot who refuse to show #Solidarity with I asked for show of hands on whether EU migrants living/working in UK &amp; paying tax should have had a say in their future? Most disagreed #Brexit
#EXCLUSIVE: Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote
Wise man speaks!
BREAKING: Theresa May gave up her job to Jeremy Corbyn! Brexit has been overturned, we're staying in the EU. Socialism is here! Watch live inauguration HERE:
Spoke to an MP last night who wants to vote down May‘s Deal because he‘s convinced that EU will then reopen negotiations. I tried to explain why I think the EU won’t. And he again (!) came up with the German car makers which will apparently safe Brexit Britain. It‘s hopeless...
Why on earth would you think Brexit would be any less of an almighty mess if "the whole country had got behind it"? That really makes no sense at all.
Biggest lies on the Remain side. Nothing they forecast has happened. Absolutely nothing.
Brazilian Brexit
Theresa May's Government 'Falls Apart Before Our Eyes' Over Brexit Deal- Via - #NeonNettle
The Truth About Brexit (2018) via
Brilliant. But will media allow this as it robs them of many hours of broadcasting? #PoliticsLive #AllOutPolitics
For , Boris and the uniquiely treacherous Michael Gove, the "betrayal" of Brexit is the perfect outcome. It allows them both to escape the consequences of their cynical bigotry and to remain swathed in comfortable victimhood.
If we have a hard brexit, your argument would be valid. But right now we're heading for a remoaner's non-Brexit
And the truth is coming out. Lies are lies, no matter how you dress them up. Dispatch box comments and WA document content, if they contradict each other, they can’t both be true. #FisheriesBill #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #ManagedNoDeal #GiveUsOurCountryBack #sellout
Tory #Brexit -er blames British Medical Association ...
thanks Pat farage was put there to bring UKIP to a dead end once the leave vote was announced the first thing he did was leave ,this is not about Brexit it-s EU military union and defence budget control with single point control resting with the EU KORF
A family member states #Six #Airplanes #SPRAY #Aluminium #Barium &amp; #Strontium ALL DAY LONG in the #Luton &amp; #StAlbans in an effort to make #Cloud &amp; have done for over #Half a #YEAR! #LOOKUP! #GeoEngineering #REALBrexitNOW! #TRAITOR #TheresaMayMUSTGO NOW! #BREXIT #BREXIT #NoDEAL!
It's impossible. No chance. Vote of confidence lost. Leadership challenge. Boris. No deal brexit. UK saves billions. Emerges next summer brighter and fighting fit with new global trading partners. Germany seeks deal with us. We stop subsidising French.
The Chairman of the Federation of Small Businesses in Northern Ireland says #Brexit brings both threats and opportunities and also calls for the restoration of the Northern Ireland Executive #DUP18
But your information given is dependant on whether your a leaver or a remoaner
¡Ola reality!
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
Of course not ,but do not trust May and Robbins.
My response to and HER Brexit Deal...
My university attending children voted for brexit without any input from me. I'd be more worried if I had to apologise for tying their country to years of servitude, belittling our worth, not teaching them grace in defeat or that life is to be lived free not controlled.
I think a lot of people will be happy with ending free movement. It was very popular during the Brexit campaign.
Stop Brexit to stop the UK going down the pan.
It stinks.
The original Brexit
Its Brexit that will destroy Britain. I have become an Irish citizen because of Brexit.
UK #fintechs claim #Brexit could lead to a "lost generation" of #London businesses #insurtech #startup #VC
that one comment carried a lot of heft, but i read a report that your russian interference amounted to a few pence. i think your going to have to sit down and rethink youre ignorance.
How on earth can you say the vast majority voted for a hard Brexit.......what’s the point of the last two years? Did you think we were going to be out the next day?
Hey remember when I tweeted you this last week? Guess who it was! He wasn’t being made Brexit Secretary. He was being bought with a Knighthood.
I think #remain is more important. We can get back to normal life and politics once the brexit threat is extinguished. We can't undo brexit in 4 years.
will you accept the view of your hero Raab and agree to staying in Europe now?
Looking at a move to France already. Although what IS Corbyn’s miracle solution on Brexit? Much chatter no detail.
The Elites patting themselves on the back like this is now tarnishing the prestige of handing out Knighthoods from Her Majesty The Queen a very cynical move by votes for privileges very distasteful Mrs May.
#Brexit Ohhhh, Nigel... ...if only you STUCK to making these kinds of TERRIFIC speeches that we all love you for - instead of trying to knife in the FRONT It's beneath you
You could say we need this for brexit.
WTO, please. That's what Brexit is and was always going to be.
Political suicide?.. For a remainer to whip MPs to vote through Art 50 knowing that the referendum was advisory and that would legally superceded any claim of illigitamacy made is basically complicit in the crime..He has always wanted brexit and his duplicity has now been exposed
pathetic
Hey, Brexiteers, I'm a remainer, and ever since the referendum I've worked really hard at not getting behind Brexit, and I feel I'm succeeding in stopping it happening. Imagine, something you really want to happen, being stopped, by me, just me not supporting it.
True, but you missed a bit. Settles nothing, arguments will go on for years.
Look back.....I said this two years ago. She and Corbyn in tandem would be welcomed by 27 and negotiate a deal if we still can.
She's no idiot ... she's a LIAR!
You must go. We all need a post-Brexit bolt hole!!!!
How do they think them up?
Time to Leave and correct the historic mistake. #Brexit #Brexitforever #EUgameover
Oh really......... Now the truth comes out. Shows how desperate they are to shackle us. Remember the army is to be deployed to suppress blowback from being sold out at the last minute. Gov in its death throws, attacks own population. May no better than Assad.
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
(Channel 4):May sells #Brexit deal to public in radio phone-in : It was the public, not parliament, that Theresa May spoke to today, but it was Jacob from Somerset and Boris from Uxbridge she was hoping to reach. ..
For , Boris and the uniquely treacherous Michael Gove, the "betrayal" of Brexit is the perfect outcome. It allows them both to escape the consequences of their cynical bigotry and to remain swathed in comfortable victimhood.
But hell, let’s do Brexit cuz Bureaucracy
We've been banging it all along that the best possible place to be is at the EU28 table, not under it or next door. Bit late now...
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Slavery was abolished in England in 1077 By William the Conqueror. Rule Britannia! Britannia rule the waves: Britons never will be slaves. Not to Brussels not to anyone! #NoDealBrexit #Brexit #NoDeal
This....
All the while the EU undermines &amp; loses its moral authority to govern. Crass imperialism seldom ends well for the imperialists.
But it needs to get rid of the atrocious first. London deserves better.
Sorry but Brexit in any hue spells the end for thousands of SMEs like this.
Best anti-Brexit rant I’ve seen today. #StopBrexit #FinalSay
Anglo North Irish Fish Producers Organisation (ANIFPO) welcomes the “new opportunities” afforded by the Brexit #DUP18
After voting Tory for the first time, based on the promise that brexit meant brexit; the best you can offer in return is a deal you know nobody will support. The only way you can convince me this isn’t a ploy to stop brexit, is to play by the book &amp; leave on WTO if it’s rejected.
Put voters results first. Lying trecherous excuse for a pm. Raab says May's Brexit deal is WORSE than staying in the EU
Get unique and outstanding photo booth template
Maybe because she comes across as someone who thinks Brexit is a jolly jape... I am surprised that Leavers dislike her...
Good to see opposition from Labour supporters toughening
These Irish guys perfectly summed up just how spectacularly confusing Brexit is. #brexit #uk #ireland #europe European Commission
Arlene Foster warns the DUP may 'revisit confidence and supply deal' if Theresa May's Brexit deal is passed: Arlene Foster has warned that the DUP may revisit the confidence and supply deal propping up the Tory administration if Theresa May's Brexit deal…
Farage just realising that he's woken up with fleas...
Expecting big Sam to burst through the door and steal by brexit bait at any moment #brexitbait #fraybentos
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Our politics is utterly corrupt through big money donations to political parties, lucrative jobs for serving and ex-politicians and big money funding of political lobbying organisations posing as charity think-tanks. All this must be made illegal. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE
As A Cancer Researcher, Brexit Makes Me Fearful For Our Future Health I have never seen a better demonstration of the power of scientific collaboration than the pan-European effort to treat and cure cancer. If we leave the EU, we risk throwing that away
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is #meaningless #hype. #brexit
Risible. There is no skills shortage in the UK just a failure of Government &amp; business to pay to train &amp; retain resident workers. The companies onshoring cheap workers must be rubbing their hands in glee. BTW after 5 years they can apply &amp; will get indefinite leave to remain.
How can any MP with any positive belief in UK future possibly support proposed #Brexit deal. It renders UK powerless and essentially a government without any power, only subservient to the EU parliament, Courts and Laws! A Vassal STATE!!
When do we want it? #500miles #indyref2 #brexit #theproclaimers
Manufacturing NI says Brexit presents opportunities if handled well #Brexit #DUP18
How can Corbyn say the Brexit deal is 'bad for Wales' when his party... A) Doesn't even have a plan. B) Are in office in Wales voting with Tories &amp; UKIP to repeal the Continuity Act, meaning EU powers will now go to London instead of Cardiff. Don't teach me to suck eggs.
Your so called ‘Deal’ is far worse than what we have now as a member of the EU28. Your zealous approach to #Brexit is tearing the fabric of life in the UK apart socially, economically and politically. It may never recover, and history will not look kindly on what you have done.
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote via
and the crown jewels
Was the tier 2 cap on highly-skilled migrants a product of being in the EU or was it a decision made solely by the UK government? i.e. why was Brexit needed to scrap the cap?
im not the best at keeping up to date with political news but im now very interested in brexit
Voted Remain but now firmly toeing the party line. That will please his electorate no doubt (suicidally pro-brexit, even now - can’t wait for the job losses to bite) and his party agent. Myopic fools the lot of them.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
On the face of it, utterly corrupt. Is this the Britain we want?
No, she’ll concede on this as well. Don’t believe a word she says any more.
None of them. They are all big timer gobshites. Blah fucking brexit blah!
The strongest political proponents of Brexit are also very wealthy. Why is this?
Bit late now. All due respect for Nigel and his brining down the establishment but surely staying on to see Brexit through instead of strolling off to the US would have prevented the demise of #UKIP in the first place.
Democracy UK style.
Ah let's agree bribery to the list then...
yahoo a veto. Hugs.
We need to make it clear to the reds and blues that once Brexit is fixed we will not go straight back to extreme pendulum politics. Time for PR and a bit more centrist common sense, not capitalist vs worker extremes.
My response to and HER BREXIT DEAL
Theresa May is all alone, advocating for BREXIT (although personally, she was a "stay")
The full piece..
Writing non fiction can be an act of resistance. I spent 8 months writing 'Evolution, Politics &amp; Charisma: Why do Populists Win?' (Routledge, In Press) for exactly that reason. #resistance #writing #non fiction #populism #charisma #Routledge #politics #evolution #trump #Brexit
Well said. She is an extremely hard working MP . She receives more racist, sexist abuse than any other female MP. I don’t see the Blairite women ever showing solidarity to her either!!
Time until BREXIT is 126 days, 00 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
oooh. Who'd have guessed that Brexit might mean MORE immigration. (Me!)
The latest Level One Digest! Thanks to #exclusiva #brexit
Doh, dratted spellcheck ....... should read “electoral farce” !
I have to say this was my first thought too. perhaps you have data to back up your point?
As yes, when you've made a total mess of something, blame the civil servants. The coward's way out. Btw, there is no 'opportunity' to seize in #Brexit, just damage to limit.
No Deal Brexit. In Crayon.
Under the circumstances I back this deal subject to contract PM - But if it is rejected by Parliament I respectfully request you then allow it to be put to the people via a referendum with 3 options, your deal, hard Brexit, or remain in the EU
She really can’t keep pretending, when the very words came from her mouth, twice. “No Brexit at all”. Really, Prime Minister? And how would one deliver that, if you don’t mind?
i think i've finally decided on brexit, people's vote please
There are 3013 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 3013 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
The Spanish government considers the latest British offer over Brexit and future negotiations over Gibraltar to be insufficient
Will #Brexit hasten the Demise of the House of Lords? #UnitedKingdom
Brexit is going to fail.
Brexit is 3025 hours away. #brexit
not the kind of list you intended? #brexit
What do you make of the DUP saying they may 'look again' at their confidence-and-supply deal with the Tories?
Sad, but whatever the flavour of Brexit, thousands like this will fall under the wheels of the Brexit bus.
Forget even trying for a slim brexit - the UK deserves a sunny brexit!
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar. Tell Spain to sod off, we shouldn’t be held to ransom, would rather have a no deal , which I’m sure would hurt Spain more
New polling data by of 54 Leave-voting Labour constituencies finds preference for new ref “If it fails to support a People’s Vote and just opposes the Prime Minister’s Brexit deal, in line with its current plans, its lead falls to 2% and it loses 14 of the seats.”
Ulster Farmers Union president urges members to see the opportunities in Brexit - Mid Ulster Mail #Brexit #DUP18
Fifa considering proposal to move World Cup to every two years #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #brexit #brexitshambles #gmb
TGIF! Have a great weekend, everyone! #labour #tory #brexit #JC4PM #FBPE #WATON #art
A life time of planning but no real solutions. Absolute snake oil salesmen
UK-wide? Ummmmmmmmm ..... If Vince wants to give me a ring, let’s talk.
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - Art And Craft Paint Your Own Wooden Bird House
DUP may 'revisit confidence and supply deal' if #Brexit deal passes
The inexorable decline of the Conservative Party. Rise, onward SOVEREIGN!
banging my head against the wall reading some of the 'is Brexit bad for the fishing industry' takes
New post (Would market shock force parliament's hand on Brexit?) has been published on newsofdayonline -
Good.
.. and we all lose by Brexit that close cooperation across Europe on a daily basis as well as big political issues, which relies on close, solid institutional links. This cooperation is essential for global issues that we are facing, economy, environment, rights, safety etc
If you really want win that war, you have to send your plastic surgeon.
If only someone had made Raab or Davis Brexit secretary
GREAT thread. GREAT. THREAD!!
And there you have it - Front Bench thinking on what we knew and/or understood in early 2016 about UK relationship with EU. I wonder why have we spent 18 months negotiating and producing white papers on 80+ topics #Brexit #A50
Tory #Brexit -ers blame Bank of England, Channel 4 News &amp; Remainers. And suggest EU supporters be tried for treason ...
UK PM pleads public for support on Brexit deal
There really is only one type of Brexit. That is a proper Brexit, not a half baked proxy fudge. The EU won’t negotiate properly until we have left or at least can see we are heading for no deal. It’s like negotiation 101.
A wine retailer has beaten the UK government to the best plan for Brexit. #theresabetterwaymay #dontdoit #continentalfacepalm
Absoluetely nothing idiotic about being patriotic and wanting the best option for country, its people and future generations. If most politicians had half of your conviction and determination, Britain &amp; #The5Million would not be in this mess! You deserve a knighthood! #Brexit
You and David Davies had your chance to negotiate the Brexit you wanted. You failed. You’re out of time.
Oh, don't ask me. Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and what do they say? "Go solve the brexit negoitations, Marvin. Go and solve the Irish border problem, Marvin. Well, call that job satisfaction coz i don't."
Unfortunately this is what Brexit is - all it was ever going to look like. And yes - it’s *definitely* a lot worse than what we have now.
UK PM pleads public for support on Brexit deal
Pleeeeeeeese that's what I am pinning my hopes on #brexshit
It could never be an informed choice and Brexit is objectively against the national interest so I don’t care how many people vote for it, I will never accept Brexit. With such an ignorant populace and the media we have, an informed debate will never happen here.
What happens w Brexit is now on the hands of the EU27, who seem inclined to teach the British a lesson. I think they’ll do what they believe is their best interests, &amp; they that’s unlikely to match what Britain wants. The legal action at the ECJ on Tuesday cld yet be important.
BBC host in heated debate with Alastair Campbell as he outlines plans to thwart #Brexit
What do you think is most likely to unite the country? A successful Brexit? An unsuccessful Brexit? May’s Bremain? Or Parliament unilaterally reversing the result of the referendum?
Gibraltar puts the UK between a Rock and a hard place on Brexit | John Crace | UK news | The Guar... #CgAn #ICC
Gibraltar puts the UK between a Rock and a hard place on Brexit | John Crace | UK news | The Guar... #ICC #CgAn
On the chair should be a map of the Channel between Dover and Calais.
Brexit explained: All your questions answered about the UK leaving the EU
Is that an option? Don't think so, but what would a simple #Remain #Brexit look like? Isn't there a contradiction of terms there?
This observation especially applies to two categories. Alleged Remainers who never showed as much enthusiasm for that as they do now for preventing a #PeoplesVote. The cognitively dissonant who continue simultaneously to be anti-Brexit and pro-Corbyn.
But what came first . The industrial production of eggs, or #Brexit . Both wrong
seems you're pissing into the wind.
Foyle port ready to capitalise on future opportunities (Foyle port operates both sides of the Irish border) #Brexit #DUP18
"Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit" -
Oppose fascism? Oppose Trump? Then u best oppose HRC, too, as this is pure fascism. It's what the elite historically turn to when they fear losing power. This started long before Trump. Want Democracy? Then start by holding neoliberal elites accountable.
You know you are only swapping a quick doom for a slow and painful one. Any Brexit will be the ruin of UK business. It is time to stand up with us and be counted. #NoBrexit #NoSurrender
#Brexit has already had a destabilising effect on the #property #market, with uncertainty driving #HousePrices down &amp; making #buyers increasingly hesitant to purchase. Learn more here!
#DailyPartexNews Brexit agreement ‘risk’ to north-east renewables talent, warn SNP
Royal Navy faces off with Spanish vessel in British waters amid Brexit row over Gibraltar
ALEX BRUMMER: A no vote for the PM's #Brexit plan would be a #Market shock... but there could be a silver lining
The politics of aversion being so central to Brexit, it’s extremely telling that no one, anywhere in this debate, is adjusting the terms of their argument. This piece demonstrates why ‘Another Europe Is Possible’ will continue to be an extremely minoritarian current. (Contd).
Former head of Bank of England, his view is good enough for me
Has May and the EU come up with a deal they know nobody will back so a 2nd ref or no #Brexit will be forced on the people?
The Brexit deal in one word: shite #PeoplesVote
Will never, never buy that paper again. #Denial #Brexit
Governments aren't households after all, as any half decent economist will tell you
Colour me shocked... No shit Sherlock.... Etcetera.
Professor Patrick Minford is one of the UK’s leading macroeconomists and holds the chair of Applied Economics at Cardiff University. He has written extensively about the economics of the European Union and is the chair of Economists for Free Trade.
What do you expect of Corbyns crowd. They don’t look at polls . Either of Eu, Labour Party members or lab vs Tory. Just spill out same old meaningless shit , doing nothing day after day as the clock ticks. As compliant in brexit as May. My gut turns As a once labour voter
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
More lies from traitor May, she has knifed the fishing industry in the back yet again, along with the rest of us, how can she live with herself, everyone knew she would do this and all the MP’s have allowed her to carry on, shame on you all!
This was a remarkable exchange
Dominic Raab says he would rather scrap #Brexit than accept Theresa May's deal via
Typical slimebags they are!
Don't think they ever cared. Oddly Labour members pro-Remain, Labour voters out in heartland Leavers. Voters returned from flirtation with UKIP when told Referendum result would be respected. They were lied to. Trigger words may lose their power with such betrayal.
Don’t cheer Tory remainers – all this cruel austerity is on them | Owen Jones | Opinion | The Guardian -
Similar to being blocked by Nadine Dorries well worth waiting for. Did he Galloway complain UK would have no MEP's or Commisioners after we Brexit. Nadine was most put out on discovering this fact.
Spoke to an MP last night who wants to vote down May‘s Deal because he‘s convinced that EU will then reopen negotiations. I tried to explain why I think the EU won’t. And he again (!) came up with the German car makers which will apparently save Brexit Britain. It‘s hopeless...
Channel 4 news has been top class in their coverage of #Brexit or the lemmings heading for the cliff as it's best description
I think they should &amp; right away finish May she must go
A must read! PM's Brexit deal is worst deal anyone has ever proposed. Cc
A family member states #Six #Airplanes #SPRAY #Aluminium #Barium &amp; #Strontium ALL DAY LONG in #Luton &amp; #StAlbans #UK in an effort to make #Cloud &amp; have done for over #Half a #YEAR! #LOOKUP! #GeoEngineering #REALBrexitNOW! #TRAITOR #TheresaMayMUSTGO NOW! #BREXIT #BREXIT #NoDEAL!
You can only ever see Brexit as a problem (indeed disaster) to be mitigated. That’s not what most people who supported it see.
It surely can't be legal that she stays in place. Or is a PM allowed to do as they wish as long as they say they're fulfilling manifesto promises even if they're not? That's certainly how it seems with May.
It was telling this. TM, because she's convinced everyone who voted for Brexit is a racist, thought all she had to do was offer an end to FOM to appease them. It betrays what she thinks motivated the vote. She couldn't be more wrong.
Brexit Will Spain Gibraltar concerns crash on Rock ? BBC News
i am from germany, i am sad a good partner leave. but the british people said "brexit", the british citizens determine, nobody else. good luck.
Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war | Will this be the last nail in coffin what ever dreams remained of the Long defunct British Empire.
This #MadeInBritain shite that BBC 2 are showing is supposed to stop us worrying about Brexit, because England makes pots.. BBC are nothing more than a PR organisation for the Tories. #DissolveTheUnion
brexit mate
Gotta put it back in its place as neither #Conservatives #labour #snp #dup #sinnfein #sdlp #greenparty #Liberals #alliance don't forget we voter FOR #brexit enjoy cause it's down to us #england #Scotland #wales #northernireland
Sinn Fein MEP Matt Carthy reckons Brexit brings opportunities #Brexit #DUP18
Yet more Brexit lies. 1. Only ONE country worldwide trades under WTO rules - because they so crucify the country doing it. 2. The €39bn is for existing liabilities Britain faces, &amp; is inevitable even with no deal - &amp; will be upheld in every international court.
Brexit race to stockpile pushes some of UK's aerospace suppliers to the brink | Article [AMP] | Reuters
If Brexit is going to be our apocalypse what post apocalyptic scenario (from a book or a film or a game) would you choose to come next?
Lovely, a Marina to end the day with - living in the moment over here !
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
It is now time to stop this, Anthony . Many people have been much too "British" about May. There is evidence that the woman has very deliberately used a number of crimes to procure "brexit" . She is not above the law - it is now time for the Formal investigations to begin .
No chance of being in both anyway and without #BrexitShambles and #BrexitChaos disaster. #Brexit no deal would be even worse disaster and suicidal. At least Japanese kamikaze pilots had a slim chance to survive compared to #Brexit suicide pact.
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Government have done amazingly well at making brexit appear a disaster just so that people change their mind and decide they want to remain.
Two years of negotiations with resignations galore including two Brexit Secretaries, strong &amp; stable, no deal is better than a bad deal etc etc etc AND the Prime Minister gives us 500 pages of this!
. That all sounded like a whole lot of excuses to me as to why Britain will not be free of the EU under your Brexit deal. So sad. Keep up the good work Jacob, save Britain for the British people who voted for it.
I just wanted to set her free :( also, #brexit #PS4share
Northern Ireland Food &amp; Drink Association outlines the opportunities of Brexit for local producers to displace EU imports on the UK market #DUP18 #Brexit
It was the 1st thing I thought of when I first heard the idea of Brexit mooted: it cannot be reconciled with the peace process
Of course Brexit is extremely important, but does this take away the importance of protecting young girls from grooming &amp; the issue of Islamic terrorism? The question is rhetorical.
He hasn’t changed his mind. Someone else’s idea (May f*cked him over) just isn’t, in his opinion, going to leave us better off than status-quo. Ideally (for him) it would be his own plan &amp; brexit. It’s dangerous for someone like you to make such statements.
Indeed. This is preposterous bollocks even by normal Brexit cunt standards.
The same Barwell that insulted Leave voters and lost his seat. He is out of touch with ordinary people. Anyone who claims to support Brexit and has any principles would not support this deal. Shame on you. You are selling out the UK and you will be remembered as such.
Twaddle. Brexit propaganda
ABI Director General Huw Evans reacts to latest Brexit draft agreement. Free, daily #reinsurance #news emails from
Narcissist You think you’re 30 In Brexit arguments you have been caught out saying you’re married to a Russian and then an Aussie within 2 months of posting Now you’ve just admitted you’re gay Jeez ... you’re tapped in the head grandpa
What do you mean I have to come back from Disneyland with such a harsh crash to reality? My PM has a hashtag now to try justify her shitty mess?? TAKE ME BACK TO MICKEY MOUSE
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Peak Brexit
'Leavers silenced' Sky accused of anti-Brexit bias after line-up of 'extreme Remainers'
If they can fish ours, we can fish theirs. If the Brexit deal means they can fish ours but we can’t fish theirs, have a word with May. She’s screwed you.
I actually didn’t know and/or forgot this. Okay. This might just kill the deal.
These say no to Mays Brexit deal
know a hard Brexit is out of the question.
If you’re a Woodworker in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Beg your pardon, it was the RAND corporation, which took into account new FTAs o/s the EU. The weirdest are claims about the EEA which say that if we effectively remain in EU, GDP will be 2% lower over 10 years compared with...remaining in EU
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
That's pathetic but par for the course with the current Govt.
BBC Not showing it in content though. Bit late. Tired of fake remorse. We’re not out of woods by any means. People thinking Brexit pretty much done and dusted. So people want to absolve themselves. Nah. It’s not over and anything could happen.
You've always been as clear as mud.
So if May's deal fails to pass through parliament, her and her party are finished. If it passes, her and her party officially lose the majority and will lose power. Checkmate . You and your party are finished. Couldn't have happened to a nicer PM...
Because it’s not better. Her deal is way worse. But she can’t bring herself to condemn the #frauderendum as undemocratic, and she’s scared to put her deal to a #peoplesvote. We need a PM with some principles and a backbone.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Get on with your Brexit or shut up. That's all we have been hearing for the last couple of years
Thst was a former elected MP. A politician that served the country and feared the people right to remove him. Today’s politicians are career politicians straight out of university. They only have paltering as a career ‘ when it is threatened they revert to Hitler stance
'Leavers silenced' Sky accused of anti-Brexit bias after line-up of 'extreme Remainers'
May going with the ‘i think Leave voters are racist so this should please them’ approach.
Why would anyone gloat. Gloating is for those who think they’ve won &amp; everyone has lost with Brexit. We’ve already lost in reputation &amp; economic damage. The Brexiters mistake was thinking the EU needed us more than UK needed the EU.
Or maybe because of the new tax avoidance rules coming in. (Nah, that's far too cynical.)
Debunking the last great Brexit myth
#Brexit deal latest: Spanish PM claims EU summit could be CANCELLED over #Gibraltar row
Because Brexiters have had no control over how Brexit has been managed, but May, Labour, Remainers, EU have undoubtedly done their best to ensure Brexit doesn’t happen. So yes they will be blamed and even resented.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Question is ..Is she going to sign us up to UN's latest humdinger..
N. Irish Party Says It Could Leave May Government if Brexit Deal Passes
I agree - words like vassalage, vassal, or anything Latin, Ancient Greek, medieval, Anglo Saxon, “take a pew” should be unsaid by anyone who supports Brexit.
Naw Nick knowles not getting a care package is worse than brexit js #ImACeleb
We were promised a #Brexit DEAL. All May has achieved with her withdrawal agreement is an unenforceable, meaningless, political declaration... we still have no clue what our relations with our largest trading partner will look like. This is an #EpicFail. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
June 2016: leading Tory #Brexit -er says "we'll have our EU cake &amp; eat it!" ...
BBC News - Brexit vote will be honoured, says Diane Abbott and for a future referendum to be entertained, there must be a reformed EU. Maybe at least one member state leaving will be the catalyser.
With the great betrayer in charge don't be so sure. She is betraying the UK so Gib. Is small fry. If you can swallow a horse you will not strain at a gnat.
No chance!
Well said indeed. Good to have long term aims. But first we stop once and for all, the utter stupidity that is Brexit. And kick out corrupt dictator May at the same time
I've had a couple of glasses of wine but I swear if they deny us our democracy I am up for doing some crazy shit to show them why that's a bad idea. #Brexit
Fair enough, but you still voted for a party that said it would pursue brexit. Nobody forced you to do that.
People didn't vote for #Brexit. "Brexit" is just a word. They voted for the PROMISES made in CONNECTION with the word. None of those promises will come to fruition. So it is deceitful of politicians to keep spouting "the will of the people" crap. This NOT what the people wanted.
I think most remainers see the four freedoms as the most important thing. (I certainly do). Had "let's be like Norway" been honoured, it think the arguments would have been forgotten by Xmas 2016, and no-one would have noticed #BrexitGate.
Brexit at Tiffany’s #MakeAFilmCheap
Boris Johnson receives warning he faces prosecution over £350m claim
#pm #pmot RT StopBrexitEU: #stopbrexit 'Judgement day': what the papers say about Theresa May's Brexit deal 'Judgment day': what the papers say about Theresa May's Brexit deal | Media | The Guardian
There is no proper Brexit, Mr Raab, as you well know. When will a Minister have the courage to put their hands up up and say 'hey, we got it wrong'. Nah.... thought not
Great pic, are you also able to sort out May’s Brexit deal and Spain’s Vito re: Gibraltar as your in the area.
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Nicola Sturgeon shows Theresa May she can dance too #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #brexit #brexitshambles #BrexitDeal #gmb
"For you're next challenge, I want you to sell Theresa May’s Brexit deal" #TheApprentice
Major opportunities for Northern Ireland farmers in the GB market under "no deal" scenario &gt;&gt;Brexit’s huge threat to rural Ireland and its beef and dairy industries #Brexit #DUP18
For all who wonder about #Brexit, this is spot on. Thanks #eggsit
Wonder what would say to this
Day 2 In NYC: just walking down times square, this bloke tries to give me a 'free CD' I grab it out his hand and say cheers, starts pulling me back saying 'aye can I have a tip' blood boiling, do a brexit batista bomb and flee the scene
Donald #Trump 'feels misled over Brexit' says Steve Bannon
You cannot use last year’s general election as an endorsement of Brexit if you don’t acknowledge that decades of pro EU governments were endorsements of EU membership.
No wonder they are grinning like cheshire cats.
Do you think Labour should have gone into the 2017 election on a Stop Brexit manifesto?
Nope, lost me at ‘end’...
Financial Times Leaked EU draft text warns UK over fishing access Financial Times The EU is threatening that the UK could lose the right to extend its planned post-Brexit transition beyond 2020 unless European fishermen are given access to UK fishing…
TM, because she's convinced everyone who voted for Brexit is a racist, thinks all she has to do is offer an end to FOM/low-skilled migration to appease them. It betrays what she thinks motivated the vote. She couldn't be more wrong.
Striking indeed. But, not surprising. Remember Thatcher pushed original DP Act in 1984 (no joke) to trade with the Continent...
Don't push me cos i'm close the edge, i'm about to lose my head with Brexit this brexit that.
This is shameful. She has such a low opinion of Leave voters that she thinks cheap, nasty hitting of foreign born people like this would make us sign up to her appalling deal. Gutter stuff.
It's the 'no true Scotsman' fallacy again. Baker et al fully supported Nick Timothy's red lines and Lancaster Hse, which determined the shape of Brexit (+ significantly constrained the EU). The notion that Baker had no influence for over a year in DexEU is revisionist claptrap.
tHIS IS WHAT BRITAIN IS GOING THROUGH NOW.....WE ARE WITH YOU!
Not about egos. We're being betrayed on Brexit because of untruths &amp; establishment-backed propaganda, the same crap thats silencing people prepared to speak uncomforrtable truths that many are scared to. We need every tool in the box. If TR can boost the fight we should embrace.
I just emailed my MP asking them to protect our environment after Brexit. Join me:
To be fair, the humiliation started with the election of #Cameron &amp; his pledge to hold the #Brexit referendum. Since then, it has grown worse.
.....just one of the goals of the Brexit. The world has moved from globalism to nationalism.
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
I wrote Article 50 – and I know this government can reverse Brexit if it wants to
That would be why the fat oaf donated so heavily to the Brexit campaign and key politicians within it.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Yes please do it! We Don't want her damn Brexit!
The latest The Ghana Parliament Daily! Thanks to #brexit #frizemedia
The UK is not a Country And Theresa May will soon learn that #TickTock
We must stop #GerardBatten turning Brexit into a plaything of the far right #sleader #TommyRobinson...
of course inflation isn't a problem in the EU, that's because they're stuck in a debt deflation trap...just like Japan #zombie but EU interest rates rising next year...LOL, i'll hold you to that, no doubt you will blame Brexit when the ECB starts up its printing presses
'Brexit will be bad for an industry that's destroying the planet and the credulous poor people who work in that industry shouldn't have voted for it' is just an absolutely jawdropping take but that's basically what's doing the rounds atm
I created this Tease for "gibraltar brexit..." using T. Go to to create &amp; share a Tease for any topic.
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge to fishermen is meaningless hype | John Lichfield
It’s no problem. Getting the hump over false representations is common-place with me as far as Brexit is concerned!
It doesn't end free movement once and for all. I'm pretty sure free movement continues throughout the transition period (now extended) and they plan to replace free movement with a new migration scheme for EU workers in the final deal but are cagey about the details.
Another example of prime ministerial patronage. More titles to follow?
Plan B The idea is a “negotiated no-deal”, where Britain asks (and pays for) an extra year of EU membership – or “transition” as the Prime Minister calls it – but then moves to a clean Brexit using the World Trade Organisation rules #NoDealBrexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland #StandUp4Brexit
May fails to understand why people voted for Brexit. She wants to ensure interim membership of the EU that may become permanent.
Reminds me of this:
#Brexit if we don't end up leaving with no deal then we will know for sure that we don't have anything like a "representative" democracy
Do you #import or #export? If so read my blog post on a different way of doing things #brexit #internationaltrade
Listen, you do what you need to do. Maybe go on your little Pro-Brexit march on 9 Dec with Batten, Robinson and his Fascist tribute band. And maybe we can continue the debate then, eh?
#PeoplesVote with Remain in an option.
Gibraltar, a disputed territory, remains a point of contention in negotiations over a Brexit deal as a summit of European leaders approaches on Sunday
BULLSHIT!
OMG how many goes you want to have at Brexit?! This is Brexit. And Brexit means Brexit. Take it or leave it. Stop moaning get behind it. Etc
When David Mundell does eventually resign, will there be street parties? Not because he's gone, but because he finally did it. (I still think #brexit is a conspiracy-gone-wrong just to get rid of Mundell, all those other folks resigning, just weren't in on it.)
Proud to be both British &amp; Irish, living in both. Campaigning as not prepared to have Brexit obsessives hurt both countries... can’t all of us who are both, do likewise?
Stupid tit
Andrea Leadsome has also got the experience and is a true Brexiteer; and she isn't frightened of a 'no deal' Brexit, so there's another option.
It's almost like voting for Brexit was a bad idea.
#isitok that Brexiteer Nadine Dories thinks we should still have EuroMPs after BREXIT?
Theresa May suggests selling #NHS to Trump after #Brexit ...
Brexit #ItStillRemainsAMystery
She can get to F**k it's her mess she can clear it up.
On #newsatten with : #brexit , , ; #channelmigrants ; #MatthewHedges ; #MigrantCaravan ; #MopedCrime ; #SmartMeters ; #missingmushroom
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland #StandUp4Brexit
I'm loving all your heartaches over Brexit. You voted for every politician you could find under every rock in Britain that hates Brexit, so WTF did any of you think was going to happen?
Get your Black Friday Brexit deals, offers of chlorinated chicken and medical insurance from a privatised NHS are flooding in.
We have to look closely, hidden just below the surface of all the feminism and diversity talk of Democrats this election cycle, many party leaders share the same values as Republicans. It's why progressives/socialists need a new major party of their own.
Well I suppose it's a lot cheaper than bung gave DUP
I remember you. Weren't you from Northern Ireland supporting Brexit?
Live in the posh part of the UK do we...? Suppose you would live on an estate with crime, murder and stabbings a would you. Or piss off abroad when the going gets tough. Brexit unfortunately is for everyone not just the arseholes who earn from it!!!
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland #StandUp4Brexit
covering brexit! Who would have thought!
theresa_may Brexit is going to fail.
that would suit me but I think we should have a vote on it. give the country a chance to vote for something now they know what is on offer. I voted remain because i thought brexit was a bad idea but I didn't know it what it would be like exactly. I would now vote remain again.
#MrBlobby Is apparently going to be the next #brexit minister. Bout time we had a non nonsense straight talker on the case. He’s the only one who can fix this mess. Also 12 out of 10 Tory’s agree with Amber Rudd that the there won’t be any more cockups or misleading statements.
Martin Howe QC summed the whole backstop and in fact whole agreement up perfectly. May's Brexit deal: the legal verdict We will be bound as vassals to the EU indefinitely Martin Howe QC
Think should amend his Wikipedia page, quote "Bradby stated in 2007 that he is apolitical with no "coherent set of political views" Nothing surprising here seeing another hack suffering Brexit Derangement Syndrome
Exactly and why the usual brexit loonies against it.
The Tories' systematic destruction of our economy continues. #Brexit must be stopped....
For #FF I recommend wholeheartedly - the versatile master of #brexit lore.
The SavvYest™ Daily is out! Stories via #brexit #ai
That's logical. A bad Brexit is something that a responsible Parliament shouldn't put to the people. The should just stop it, for the sake of the country.
My English is usually pretty good so I appreciate the constructive feedback as nobody’s is perfect. Yeah I agree, though technically they’re not being pro-Brexit, they’re just not being anti-Brexit enough, especially with Dimbleby presenting Question Time.
hasn’t yet realised that #brexit is above the relatively minor politics of the day/year/decade. I’m a fully paid up member of the bit I’ll be abstaining at the next election if she fails to deliver a full and proper Brexit.
Joyously scathing. So much to choose from, but I'll pick 'Dominic Raab talking about a “negotiated no-deal” on Friday, which does seem to be the moron’s oxymoron'.
( Tory cronies) Theresa May hands Tory Brexiteer John Hayes a knighthood - weeks before crucial vote - Mirror Online - #bbcnews #skynews #Newsnight #brexit #skypapers #BrexitChaos
Toto, we're not in Kansas anymore.
Lies, lies and more lies on the treatment of EU citizens.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland #StandUp4Brexit
F off Gordon, we've had the vote. We just have this idiot to get rid of ............
Leo looks much more Indian in this picture than he does in real life Reminds me of John Taylor's "typical Indian" remark
End-Free-Movement Deal latest. The crackdowns start.
In name only
A Prime Minister who side steps the Question &amp; is unwilling to give a straight answer is NOT fit to serve the British people in the Capacity of The British people voted for a Clean Breakaway BREXIT
It’s time for London to stamp its authority on this Brexit nonsense #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #bbcparliament #brexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland #StandUp4Brexit
very much enjoyed Dominic Raab talking about a “negotiated no-deal” on Friday, which does seem to be the moron’s oxymoron.
Flowchart showing potential Brexit outcomes from here. Brilliant, just brilliant.
Tommy Robinson Brexit protest in London on Sunday 9th December — okay
BREXIT: Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit / #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough NEW DEMANDS to lock UK into JOINT fisheries deal.#Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexiteers #TheresaMay #politics #PoliticsLive #news #today #Goverment #Tories #Cabinet #BrexitAgreement #BrexitChaos
Our strategy is clear – we oppose May’s deal and demand a General Election, to allow a Corbyn-led government the fix the multiple crises in which the Tories have plunged our country says &gt;
'May to curb migration as Brexit vote looms' - the front page of The Daily tomorrow #tomorrowspaperstoday
I tend to agree with you, but the logistical difficulties of declaring sovereignty would make Brexit look like a walk in the park. Just for starters, the US would want compensation for the military bases here and all the federal land, which is a pretty huge chunk of the state.
Poor kid has thrown his toys out the pram
I’m eagerly awaiting David Torrance’s piece on how #brexit has led to the Ulsterisation of the UK .... surely actually quite apt in the circumstances
Why won’t blood be spilt if we do Brexit? Why is the threat always coming from the Brexiteers? How will Remainers feel when loved ones are dying because of lack of drugs?
European Court of Justice control is not what we voted for in voting for Brexit. Disgraceful!!!
Hedge fund manager came to my stall and bought a falafel wrap, said he voted Brexit because he thinks that the European union will collapse. In other news falafel was up #markettrading
This document may help you understand why the electorate is so unhappy with the deal that the government is proposing.
Brexit is already being swept away.
You really think the members of the EU would give more away than they're already uncomfortable with to a non member if a Brexiteer was PM? This isn't May's Brexit. This IS Brexit. You voted to cede control of our laws to governments across Europe. You voted to hinder prosperity.
Corbyn took joint ownership of brexit by supporting May all through the process! Right Fromn enacting art 50 at Mays command and to her dates with no plan in place and no legal safeguards he could have placed in exchange for that support
The fortunes of are more related to the betrayal of Brexit by the and the party is positioning itself as supporting freedom of speech and against political correctness which I fully support.
Talking to a friend in Australia about #BREXIT Obviously Australia will be keen to develop a trading deal with us? Apparently not. They want a trade deal with the EU. A deal with a small island on the other side of the world is not their priority.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
To go through with Brexit because you can't work temporarily with MPs of another Party for the country's good is why we're where we are, Owen. Facing a future of literal bankruptcy .... and no end to austerity. Great plan.
Seems Nigel cares about 'optics' - who knew?!
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Yeah. Most of the best Brexit journalism is coming from Ireland. They know the EU far better than the English press, and sadly for them they know us far too well as well. There's some cracking Irish pundits too
Who is this effing idiot..!!
"Spain will get leverage as of April next year. And there will be no British representatives in the room when that negotiation is going on. We will be a third country."
No fan of either but how we’ve got any members left at all after the way we’ve been shafted in Brexit is beyond me! Let’s get our own sh together before we start others!!
It’s not “bizarre” that hard brexiteers and people who want to ignore the referendum result should both reject this deal. They would do so because it is a pragmatic Brexit deal. But tell us, is there any conceivable Brexit deal you wouldn’t reject, and what exactly would it be?
Tonight’s news headlines: Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit. #Brexit
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
When asked why he still thinks his (non-favoured) campaign will win today, Matthew Guy just compared his (non-favoured) campaign to Brexit &amp; Trump.... #AusPol
Raab campaigns to leave EU with a bus of lies Raab's campaign wins Raab takes role as chief UK negotiator to leave EU Raab campaigns that the deal he negotiated is not as good as remaining in the EU
#Brexit #ImACeleb new show for i'm a prime minister get me out of here ?
you found the brexit Dividend!
Their own private Brussels: why the Brexit zealots can never leave the EU | Rafael Behr
We don't know this yet. The wheels haven't been set in motion. Either way. Britian will go through hard times during this transition. My main concern is damage limitation
We are with you Brits.....
But it is what it has to be to get near her red lines and not break the GFA. Now we know what brexit is, we need a #PeoplesVote between it and remaining.
The strangest thing about Brexit has been watching the Brexiteers painfully and sluggishly arrive at this obvious conclusion. Brexit is not good. Nothing more to it.
Speaking personally this is simply not so
To every No voter in 2014, despairing at the United Kingdom that you've been lumbered with instead of the one you were assured you'd get, Scottish independence doesn't mean an SNP government forever. Get Indy and the parties all have a shout. #indyref2 #snpbad #Brexit
MPs scared to speak out against #Brexit "disaster" due to death threats ...
May steps up the media blitz to sell her Brexit deal to U.K. voters with the unveiling of a website set up to rebut "criticisms and inaccurate reporting" via
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
aaaaaand this is why Brexit was needed
In the same way the Communist Party supported Brexit.. wealth not the only indicator
Why is May talking about her Brexit plan to 'the people'? We can't have a vote on it. So our view is irrelevant; as it has been since summer 2016. #Brexit
If you think is against Brexit primarily out of concern for herself, you’ve really not been paying attention. To anything.
we appreciate you have the huge challenge of Brexit, but Sikhs look to not to forget Guru Nanak Dev Ji’s Gurpurb. Excellent message from
#BrexitBetrayal does this mean if anyone in future gets elected we can simply complain and get another vote? That’s what’s basically happening - deny brexit and deny democracy - maybe establishment want a dictatorship ? New world order
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Whenever I hear Theresa May talk about Brexit I just hear Nicola Murray talking about her 4th Sector Pathfinders initiative
#isitok That I think everyone's more confused and clueless about Brexit than Teresa May is?
Hopefully he'll do a DUPMay, then. Just take the irrevocable knighthood, then vote her down.
Theresa may needs to go Her sabotage of brexit is unforgivable.
Goodness, is there no low to which Theresa May won’t stoop to push Brexit forward? This time, it’s (allegedly) flinging a knighthood at an MP to buy off their vote.
Is this as big as ’s Brexit pasta supply?
Millionaires Are Not Fleeing The UK But They Are Betting Against Brexit. Here’s how
The #MuellerInvestigation has limped on for 2 years, finding nothing. The #FISADeclass will reveal Britain's involvement in an attempted coup of an elected US president and explain UK's efforts to demonise Russia via the #Skripal farce and #Douma false flag event. UK in panic.
Do you think will get the #brexit deal through parliament?
Finally, the correct answer, however improbable, arrives, Sherlock Holmes style, when all all the other options have been exhausted. Brexit, the gift that keeps on giving.
I don't like Theresa May's brexit deal thing because the UK will full and become a very poor country in the world and the pound will fall down to 0
Was it a talk over a false Remain May Brexit or a full clean brexit?
It's not just the deal that remainers were against - who'd be against a good deal? It's the zero chance of success combined with the massively divisive process &amp; the cost-damn it-the cost of the process, lost opportunity, bad feelings all around &amp; yes, the actual cost of Brexit.
It’s called risk avoidance and every business in the world does it. At the same time as banks in London are considering their post-Brexit future, similar exercises are being carried out in Frankfurt, Paris and New York. This is a non-story for “rich haters"
U.K. and EU agree Brexit deal in a draft that hands wins to May
Coincidentally, it’s his turn to be Brexit Secretary this coming Tuesday.
Top 15: Europe’s biggest startup hubs in 2018 #1 London, #2 Berlin (pre-Brexit)
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Yes I know what you mean, however, the good bits are peripheral.The UK has got bits of what it had before but has agreed to the EU court and to accepting rules without any influence.Taxation without representation. Sovereignty given up.This makes brexit a joke. I am a remainer.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Theresa May says her Brexit will be a "different sort" of relationship with the EU. A BMW and a Trabant are "different sorts" of cars. One is very much better than the other. #Brexit #bbcnews
"Parliament must act and order the prime minister to revoke the notification" Why it’s not too late to step back from the Brexit brink | Jessica Simor
Japan Inc. fears a 'no-deal Brexit' and harm to Europe operations via
Should have ran instead of Ed, against David &amp; Ed and we wouldn’t have ended up with David, Osborne, Austerity, Brexit, Corbyn, May, dystopia...
The U.K. and the European Union have agreed to the final bit of their Brexit deal, setting out a vision for close economic ties in a draft that hands Prime Minister Theresa...
(Clever-not) May has been played. The 27 member states must ratify even IF Parliament does. Spain always had the Gibraltar card and now waves it. Deliberately misconceived, BREXIT must now be canceled and a NEW PM needs to apply leverage to RESCIND the Lisbon Treaty. .
You could not be more wrong, Stephen. The Lisbon Treaty had to be approved by all 28 national parliaments. That's why it is called a 'treaty'. Acts of EU legislation are called 'directives'. Fundamental ignorance like this is why Brexit happened to us!
Brexit Stinks!
Instead they lie about a ‘Jobs first Brexit’, Corbyn is no better than Farage, telling people what they want to hear.
London loses top spot to New York in financial survey due to Brexit | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Recommend listening to all of this breakdown of the draft EU withdrawal deal... "brexit .. disenfranchises itself from a huge range of rights, protections, freedoms &amp; safeguards &amp; remains an inspiration for Liberal authoritarianism across the world"
Theresa May to sign Brexit deal while party is deeply divided
Can we also review the £1 billion?
I don't think the people of Gibraltar would want that. ..
or during their 'sobremesa' when the wine has taken hold
Why is Theresa May “selling the Brexit deal” to the UK in a radio show when we don’t know what it is about/what’s in it? Unless you’ve seen the &gt;500 page document? I feel sorry for her looking haggard but she took over the wheel of a car that’d just caught fire? (Cameron)
#BREXIT NO DEAL IS A BETTER DEAL THAN A DEAL
if it so important for the people to hear what you have to say on ‘your’ Brexit ‘deal’, then let the people have their say with a #PeoplesVote Then you can have the opportunity to hear what the people have to say.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Looking at the responses to this is very telling of the base that Farage has cultivated.
The worst is that whatever the outcome, even no brexit, whatever the goodwill, it is damaging. Damaging for UK, damaging for Europe, It is even damaging for brexiteers. The first outburst of acute brexitis will remain in History as the Great Suicide.
It’s just really annoying me now. People VOTED for #Brexit now LEAVE!!!!
She might be right. The British people (or a majority of them) currently want Brexit to be cancelled, which is definitely within her grasp. She could deliver it, and it would be better for our future. And then we could elect MEPs who would work properly for Britain in Europe.
Carolyn, Please can you clarify which you see as the better option out of this deal or no Brexit. And Why? Thank You
Perhaps when Theresa May has finished justifying her Brexit deal, she can the justify telling how they ‘Cried Wolf’ when clearly they weren’t.
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
The Labour Party hardly qualifies for the role of the 'Opposition'. It makes a lot of noise but has no clear 'position' on some of the most important decisions of the day.
Stop this Brexit madness. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Fascinating many #brexiteeers now saying that we'd be better off staying in the #EU. Maybe it's gradually dawned on them what they've been advocating all this time is actually a bad idea after all. Nobody denying #brexit will make us worse off. #ProjectFear now #Projectfact.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Brexit latest...
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Ask some of your customers what they’d prefer. Jobs or brexit? WTO tariffs or free trade ...
Right on the money!
Brutal Brexit smokescreen #theresamay #brexit #brexitxhambles #universalcredit #brexshit #torybrexshit #poverty #pips #esa #hammond #corbyn 89
Fine tuning the Team. By fine tuning, I mean ruining. By ruining I mean, subbing all players who will then score tomorrow. Like Brexit...probably better off just leaving it well alone.
Queen Elizabitch II is known 4 knighting fools &amp; perverts!!! That Godless, compromising, apathetic old poser has her reward!!! Queen Elizabeth I was the U.K.s greatest monarch, the 2nd its very worst. O but then there's still prance Charles &amp; his Rottweiler??? #PoorPoorEngland!!!
Lessons from the 1890s to realign innovation and finance in post-Brexit Britain
We also had a General Election in 2015 where the Conservative manifesto promised to keep us in the SM/CU. Democracy is a living, breathing, changing beast, you’d best keep up because Brexit is collapsing under the weight of it’s own lies and pointlessness.
And why markets can't be gamed by politicians but ultimately may drive outcomes.
Spanish PM threatens to snub Brexit summit over future of Gibraltar
via BBC host in HEATED debate with Alastair Campbell as he outlines plans to THWART Brexit #UK_News
They are finished if this shower of shite gets through, or there is a brexit betrayal.
Thread...
If you liked what said about Brexit and Theresa May on with in #Moats 20 minutes ago, watch and share widely #SocialistSunday #Lexit The Need for a Left Exit from EU
Of course you are: you made promises that can’t be met,you proposed a policy and offered no solutions your cohort sat in Cabinet and rather than negotiating sunny uplands they have produced nothing.Brexiters only do moaning,they ignore facts and run from responsibility
Just pathetic. Dismal sub GCSE level Machiavellian stance from Abbott and Corbyn. Where’s the integrity? They want Brexit but will let May deal with the sh*t in the hope Jeremy will become PM by default. On a par with the antics of their their amoral nemesis Bozo Johnson.
Oh dear oh dear oh dear! How many disingenuous "facts" van you get in a 60 second video. It's not for me . Who put you up to this? Phillip? We all know this is a disaster.
"companies" having a central role in foreign policy. NO.
Whole heartedly, 100%, totally and completely, absolutely, entirely!
Photo of migrant queues Focus on FoM when that wasn’t the problem Campaign lies Rise of UKIP Speaking of ignorant twaddle You’ve got your sovereignty now!! No real Brexit with no leave and zero benefits! An island state with no say Enjoy it! Will of the people after all..
*intercom voice* Welcome to hell......enjoy your stay.
Pre-Corbyn, Lab got ~2/3 of working class votes on average. It's now, prolly more to do with Brexit than simply him, down to half. OTOH, in 2017 he got more student &amp; middle class votes--albeit on the strict understanding he couldn't win--than ever before.
Eurosceptic Tory MP John Hayes given knighthood: Labour suggests the timing of the honour could be an attempt to win support for the PM's Brexit deal.
Class
Until all surgery waiting lists gone, schools have plenty of toilet paper, Assembly up and running, Brexit completed , unlike Naomi and her annoyed tweet no one else is to get annoyed just Naomi.
Whatever happens with Brexit, I hope people remember that, in order to cling to power, the Conservative Party signed a confidence and supply deal with the DUP. Let that never be forgotten. The DUP.
So. Let’s accept brexit just in case people who voted brexit vote brexit again.
And everyone raised their hands Julie. An elected representative refusing to engage with us but instead claiming we ‘don’t understand the EU’ is elitist and patronising. (1/2)
The Empire content to live poor lives allowing Britain to keep their wealth. Brexit is interesting for it reveals the mindset of present Britons without their understanding that what they live on today is the wealth of the BRITISH EMPIRE STOLEN LONG AGO.
This seems to be a "hallmark" of the Tory Party under Theresa May : i.e. bribes and corruption in your face ! This is NOT the way to win arguments. This is VERY WRONG !
Her position is the same as Corbyn's on Brexit. Not sure where you've got the more people would vote for her. Any evidence for that?
Diane Abbott is absolutely spot on here ..This is what the ppls vote advocates will not accept, they lost the EUref..voters cast their leave vote as honestly as the remain vote.
This is what brexit is going to do once we no longer have the protection of the EU!
#Brexit guru on £1000-per-hour for Kremlin-run "Russia Today" appearances...
Stop Brexit! Revoke Article 50!
Congratulations! I'm slowly learning Danish as a #Brexit escape strategy.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Erm she isnt an MP. #dup #brexit
that is what my life has been life the last two years covering Brexit.
Diane Abbott says Britain would vote for Brexit again if second EU referendum were held tomorrow via
Wow - a blistering reason to leave with the hardest brexit possible. The picture painted of the EU is so grim.
We have now reached the point at which *both* the Brexiteers *and* the Remainers are convinced that Theresa May’s deal is worse than No Brexit. But, um, The People Have Spoken?
Wondered where you where...can’t wait for Feb. #Brexit antidote.
Your Brexit shop stunt was one of the most childish things I've ever seen !
So much for impartiality, the BBC has become the Official Propoganda Service Provider for the Government; little or no time given to Brexit Supporters (who won the referendum).
Never...
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
This is literally one of the least terrifying things the UK government is doubting these days #brexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
I’ve never understood why is the flagship radio news programme to start the day with? Too smug &amp; patronising as far as I’m concerned. And now after the Brexit shitshow it deserves all the criticism it gets
This is a common 'excuse' Like, "you forrins be quiet, wait until we convince the racists to help stop Brexit. You'll still love the UK, right?"
And now the round where we had to design a new national post-Brexit costume.
May Gave A Brexit Speech In Brussels, But Nothing Has Changed As Far As The EU Is Concerned / #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Carlos Ghosn, Saudi Arabia, Brexit: Your Tuesday Briefing #newyork #bhive #bhivelabs #bhivechat #bhivenectar
Maybe, but whose hearsay and who’s moronic?
Week ahead: Trump-Xi at G20, Fed minutes, BoE’s Brexit analysis via
Sounds to me like Mr Farage actually wants Brexit not to happen...you know when people ‘protest too much’.....
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
We're running out of time to prevent Brexit, which will be bad for jobs and the economy for decades, via 2nd referendum. A general election can wait till this is sorted out.
All crammed into 60 seconds
Another one denying the change of mind of the British electorate. Your Brexit is a busted flush.
She has the hide of a rhinoceros and the ambition of Caligula.
Needs to be clear in the washup.
The truth about a no-deal Brexit - Britain and the EU this piece in the economist smacks of scaremongering
It appears you have made a fuck up of #brexit . Sad, you need to go now.
You can ask for it. But Ireland is entitled to say you can’t have it. English people are not entitled to vote to disrupt the Irish settlement.
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Ditch it Arlene we have been betrayed! #Brexit
Don't even reply to the nutjobs, what do have in common? Yes that's right every one of them is anti-Brexit.
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Since was was "NO BREXIT" in the plan? This is something you have conjured up through your inept negotiations. And you can't blame anyone else as only you have been negotiating. Bigot, self opinionated, dictator
The opportunity is there for a Grand Brexit Pivot: Cometh the hour, cometh the (wo)man? - RSA
Referring to reports that are not publically accessible is not debate, and storming out of a room of people questioning the democratic structures that you are working within is not democracy. (2/3)
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
2/ poll of 54 Leave-voting Labour constituencies finds preference for new ref “If it fails to support a People’s Vote and just opposes the Prime Minister’s Brexit deal, in line with its current plans, its lead falls to 2% and it loses 14 of the seats.”
The Devil's own
ToryUKIP #Brexit -er says he's not happy about UK being in NATO. Might upset Putin ...
Great idea, looking forward to getting some expensive shopping done in Peckham.#BrexitShambles
Lol There was huge increase in protestant people applying , but really at the end of the day it will come down to cost, and what happens when you can't afford something? You drop it and that's exactly what will happen Brexit will lead to unification it's inevitable.
Brexit was an 'idea', with no plan of how it would be implemented - 'devised' by selfish, small-minded 'Little Englanders'
If we could gather all the hours spent upon Brexit,millions of words Spilt upon the page,the hours of coverage on TV &amp; Transfer this effort towards the eradication of poverty&amp;the restoration of justice the Nation could be at peace with its self.. Psychopaths are not good leaders.
Will that money (£2 Billion) promised to Northern Ireland because DUP will prop up the Tories still happen? #Brexit
Brexit is the only chance the UK has of stopping the flow of Muslim illegals into their nation. The EU is dedicated to the islamification of Europe and boarder controls with the EU must be restarted.
OK Patrick, I keep saying, take all the best Brexiteers and you are one, from all parties and set up a new pro Brexit, anti Globalist party. You will have 17.4 million votes already!. A bit of a commons wipe out! .
#bbcnews #skynews #LBC #news #breakingnews #EU #WithdrawlAgreement #PoliticalDeclaration #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexxitChaos #TheresaMay #Barnier #Macron #Merkel #Gogglebox #Italia #France #TOTP #TheMatch IF BREXIT IS FINISHED THEN SO IS DEMOCRACY
It’s a shame that you don’t support young people questioning neoliberal and arguably oppressive structures. (3/3)
This photo rapped a song called “brexit” at me and then smiled with its ugly teeth
Very good
Lipstick on a pig
I can explain it in one second " SELLOUT"
If this is actually the situation, what comes after brexit?
Nah, 2018 definitely can't get any weirder... BBC: hold my beer
Ah! That’s what we have been searching for these past two years: a proper Brexit! Why didn’t I think of that? Probably because we Remainers were attempting to ensure our children and grandchildren are not deprived of their European heritage simply to assuage Tory headbangers!
Apologies for posting so many links this evening. Have a video on 54k views and would love it to get to 55k. Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Just told you. Clean Brexit not the watered down version being pushed for now at this late hour.
Florida orange juice is the best and plenty of countries can suppy bananas not to mention cars. Import substitution will be the name of the game post Brexit if they are not nice to us.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
The problem with tweets like this is that there wasn't a single reason why voters chose to leave the EU. For some it was immigration, for others law, trade, regulations, culture, history, the currency, democracy, or just a chance to stick two fingers up to the 'elite'.
'Black FriMay' for Brexit: 'a bad deal is better than no deal' via
Brexit has reached the stockpiling wine phase
FOM was a big thing during the referendum campaign. PM was right but the debate has shifted. A efta/eea is probably where the country and crucially Parliament is on the issue of #brexit
and you have al the answers? I don’t think so
Dear Dominic Raab: Any realistic, achievable Brexit deal was always going to be worse than staying in the EU. Thank you for making our point. #Remain
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Both.
Of course not. If Brexit had only been about the BBC’s bigoted belief that it was “fear of furriners”, Brexiteers would have welcomed this deal. Hence the Government’s (and BBC’s) surprise that they don’t.
She has forgotten the word DEMOCRACY &amp; has her OWN agenda!!!
#BREXIT deal proposal strategy of the #UK explained in one second!
The Match: Tracking the $9 million match between Phil Mickelson and GZA the Genius The truth about a no-deal Brexit
Lmao huh??? Stop right wing populists by giving in to their demands? Oh Hillary
Brexit is nothing but a once massive, oppressive empire now grown old and in retirement saying leave us alone now. We have nothing left to offer, and nothing left to rule. We have a country north of us we’re happy enough to rape and pillage like the old days.
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
Before the ref, you're on record as stating we are much better off remaining in the EU. Now you're peddling this rubbish. Can you honestly say we are now better off leaving? If so, please explain #PeoplesVote #WeDeserveBetter #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit
It has been a sad time for the #BBC . It may take years to restore its reputation after it’s #Brexit acquiescence.
The only reason Brexit has been disastrous so far is because so many duplicitous, conniving politicians, media, Remainers and those with vested interests have deliberately contrived to work together to prevent Brexit. So don’t blame Brexiters for having a legitimate vote!
Nobody expects the Spanish Interposition. #Brexit
Brexit!
3.5 trillion euro toxic SME debt guaranteed by ECB and EIF. obstruct trade with UK post Brexit, EU companies start defaulting, banks call in the guarantees from EU - give me another reason EU are hysterically desperate to avoid losing protected access to UK markets.
But she’s not pursuing the Brexit that was prompted to the 52%.
‘It’s not a good deal’: Email blunder reveals doubts within the CBI about Theresa May's draft Brexit agreement.
She should summon the courage and humility to recognise the project is dead, and announce a return to sanity. Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
So what .. After #brexit the Will be allowed to rape them too :D bagged up obviously
To help keep conversation merry and good-natured, why not mention Brexit to every person you talk to?! I know it livens things up where I am.
Idk whats worse Brexit or the fact that James and Nick didn't get a care package yet they was the ones that won them for the camp! Karma is a bitch!!! #ImACeleb
Yeah this program isn’t that bad actually. Just kidding it’s fucking hilarious and makes me feel great laughing at racists and brexit voters and tommy Robinson supporters and trump. Amazing.
Have ceased trading..Brexit perhaps?...why no answer Ford?
Brexit. Going...going...gong !
You DO realise May is just another EU negotiator? She IS the enemy within Number 10.
Brexit meets reality.
#isitok that the lead singer of a band from the 2000s in the voice of reason over Brexit?
We're all in deep Brexit shit
So that's brexit explained. Any questions?
Crikey!
Brexit march on 9th Dec and the plot to oust Gerard Batten: via
Lib Dems need to have a think about their point . Is there a point to them?
EU27 will be glad to be rid of ignorant deluded #Brexit UK in it's descent to #BrexitShambles xenophobia and racist bigotry isolation. Empire was British not EU which is cooperation between states to maintain peace prosperity progress and prevent war killing millions ie WW1/WW2.
&amp; it's no consolation telling supporters of Brexit that we told you so - as clearly (you bunch of idiotic dissemblers) you are incapable of perceiving reality. (&amp; I wish the English language was more regular cei should be cie -but that's because English is a mix of many tongues).
This isn't a crackdown, it's a way to meet labour market demand without having people stay long enough to be counted as part of the 100k target. If journalists stopped repeating blatant spin the country would be in less of a mess.
#brexit will fix all this.
tweeted “ the #Brexit deal explained.”
So there’s different types of Brexit? That would imply people voted leave for different reasons and therefore proves the need for a referendum on the final deal, to make sure its what you voted for.
This is no surprise. has so far been clear re making a decision. That changes if we still have #ScotRef dangling in the dark after a HOC vote. However, if a ref is DEFINITELY off the table...time to come clean now! Building hopes may harm indy movement #scotpapers
What does Clean Brexit mean?
Surely DUP need to be careful about the game they are playing, don’t they? Dom Rabb is a flawed commentator on Brexit due to his lack of understand about how imports and exports work In respect to Dover and Calais port connections
Mmm...interesting. That would be during the Obama administration. Share sensitive data with the EU while Obama was telling the UK they would go to the back of the queue if they voted against the EU for Brexit. Now what would that information be???
it's not as bad as the states yet, but it's getting there. a lot of people want this society to be more like the states .... so, we might have 20% child poverty pretty soon in Britain as well. Brexit, if it goes thru, would help the social engineers accomplish that.
#brexit if the will of the people is NOT respected &amp; parliament votes to push through ‘s deal, which keeps us in the EU, then a military coup alongside the people taking 2 the streets is the only way out of this! The state r not respecting the people who r sovereign
All you say is true - Genuine #FBPE are not pro (or anti) Labour, Tory, May or Corbyn...They are just *ProEU* &amp; *Anti-#Brexit (&amp; all who support it). But please be aware there are *a lot* of accounts - some of which are well-established - using #FBPE for their own party purposes
#Antigua Observer: Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
#Antigua Observer: PM faces parliamentary ‘war of attrition’ to deliver Brexit
Pure corruption
UK: 'Absolute disaster' – UKIP leader Batten on Brexit deal *PARTNER CON... via
I added a video to a playlist EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News
I simply don't see any benefit in this #BrexitDeal. I only see disaster coming. The end of Freedom of Movement will imply the lose of rights for EU citizens in UK and of UK citizens in EU and the withdrawal from CAP will spell doom for British agriculture.
2016: ToryUKIP #Brexit -er says no plan necessary--"just hand in locker key &amp; go"...
...and they’re learning GOP gerrymandering and voter suppression tactics. Voter ID sound familiar? Also the amount of rightwing American cash swilling around Brexit and our politics in general is causing quite the kerfuffle right now...
New story on NPR: Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic World News
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
power grab bye the Germans now there's a surprise and May wants to be apart of that Churchill would turn in this grave .The people's Brexit was to leave this for good.
#isitok that has more legs than the #Brexit deal?
If its Stroud, what about Green or Lib Dem? Both pro Europe and stop brexit.
No, though it might matter to the CJEU at some point...
Spain threatens to call off Sunday's EU summit on Brexit unless an agreement is made with the UK over Gibraltar
Cameron and now May …. go to the EU and come back with nothing! Time to leave the EU forever … #VoteLeave … May is not delivering. #Brexit
Latest on Low-Skilled Tory Government's fear of foreigners.
"Spokesman said a new referendum would never happen while Mrs May is in Downing Street. Rebel MPs could pass a motion demanding a new vote but only Government could pass laws to make it happen." You have to get Tory's to vote for an election &amp; win it first
I have been in this phase for a while tbh
Spain has been talking with Blairite and Tory imperialists . My guess is they are plotting to get Spain to undermine BrExit by forcing May to make concessions now they have her where they need her. #BBCNews
The Tories should be kicked out of power they have had over 2 years to get Brexit sorted out the position were in now could have happened at the beginning instead of all the messing around.
'Stop brexit becoming a plaything of the far right'? It has been exactly that since the beginning. The gilded mythical recalling of the days of Empire, the scapegoating of 'foreigners' for all our ills. Brexit is the epitome of far right politics. No real answers, just anger.
Anyone worried about Britain's future when it comes to brexit.
Perhaps you could talk ignorant nonsense about the Who to promote your book. It’s working for Roger Daltrey with Brexit.
DUmP the DUP instead!
Add: Scotland loses.
LH speech was the brexit vision of Nick Thimothy and Fiona, her then close advisers. Post GE17, they left and so did their vision. Her subsequent speeches were watered down because her new “close advisers” were Remainers. never had a vision of her own.
Define ‘proper Brexit’? Any answer that leaves the U.K. worse off will be treated with the contempt it deserves
Why Theresa #May maybe rules all #Brexit waves
Love it
DUP may 'revisit confidence and supply deal' if Brexit deal passes /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Yip, towards a beautiful WTO proper Brexit. Or maybe something a little softer than that, but def Brexit. Or so it would seem.
Totally support skilled immigration in Brexit.
Alan...I truly wish I had your confidence it would not happen but with remainer TM at helm desperate to get her Brexit deal approved by EU then Gibraltar could fall to her weak willed negotiating.
No Conservative candidate can now ever expect to win a fishin industry seat.
You have fucked up #brexit. No matter who voted, and how they voted... you fucked it up. Just you. Sometimes stubborn isn’t good.
OMG when will people understand there is no God damn G in BREXIT!!! It's not BREGXIT!!!!! #Brexit
Exactly! I hate Brexit!
Five things in Theresa May's Brexit future that will give Leavers hope — and five that will horrify them
The latest Great Western Times! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Why the UK must not agree to May's EU deal....
To be fair Angie... UKI, and especially Farrago has always been about one thing, Brexit. They have spent years fighting off the labels of racist, far-right, bigots, xenophobes... I really think Tommy is being taken advantage of here, there is nothing good that will come from this
A #brexit deal is on the horizon. What should retailers be doing to set up a plan for success? #supplychain
It seems more and more MPs are admitting we will be worse off post- #Brexit - well + so far + even couldn't admit we'd be any better off! #BrexitShambles
I'm not sure where the idea of a Brexit deadlock comes from? The majority of the people voted to leave. How does that constitute a deadlock?
Not Brexit, Not Remaining... it’s almost as if the PM has decided to choose the one idea which annoys literally everyone
Generations to come will not forgive us. It is time for a second referendum Michael Heseltine
It would have a chance, sure, but in a 3 way race it's some way behind remain, eg
Brexit fears influence Majestic Wine to stockpile 1m extra bottles for no-deal Brexit. That's the kind of forward planning we need.
Spain: Sunday’s EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar via
The millionaire exploiters are deeply unhappy that wage costs will rise post Brexit.....as long as May is thrown out, that is.
. eviscerates about Brexit deal on #TopTable #Irexit #BrexitDeal
Here we go again - bribery and corruption at the top of the Tory Party. DUP pay-off obviously not enough to keep May in power. Sky: Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
How about #PoliticiansFilmClub ? The Cabinet of Dr Caligari, True Lies, Con Air, Rebel without a cause, Brexit at Tiffany's...
Don’t cheer Tory remainers – all this cruel austerity is on them | Owen Jones
How can be allowed to continue with this deal that almost the whole country opposes? what are you doing about it? Is this not keeping you up at night because it is me! #Brexit #MayMustGo #BrexitLeavesBritainNaked
As this brexit fiasco continues I am left more and more amazed by characters like and their contribution to the chaos. One minute negotiating a deal the next resigning from the cabinet.
. Fascism, still controlling the UK, is using BRexit to tighten its murderous grip. . We had to take this risk, unfortunately, in order for our nations to gain clarity. #UKgenocide Prevention #BRexit #UK #England #Scotland #NorthernIreland #Wales
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected -
Theresa May thinks (patronisingly) that we Brexiteers only voted to leave the EU to get a grip on immigration. Of course that's a massive issue but of fundamental importance is the concept of Britain as a nation state making its own laws, in charge of its own destiny.
Thoughts on the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement &amp; why (as has become very apparent) it leaves no one happy #MaysDeal. Feedback always welcome &amp; if you want to hear more of my musings you can subscribe through the link
The election result was more a rejection of Brexit than it was 80% voting for Labour or Tory because they wanted Brexit. But elections are always about more than one issue&amp;FPTP means we’re normally forced into voting against a party rather than for a party.
#mashreport Never seen this before, just watched 5 mins - Brexit, Boris, Trump Hackneyed, tedious, politically correct, boring, distinctly lacking in edge you're right it is sh-t Just moved onto to Carol bloody Codswallop Switching off now F--k off
Summary: if you are one of the 17.4M that voted for Brexit, here’s two fingers, I...know...better.
Democrats should not be choosy! The case for another referendum (on terms) is valid irrespective of the hopes or predictions for the outcome. If [leave] wins, so be it - some of us will emigrate!
At the outset of brexit the stance was to TELL the EU we were out. NO money, No free movement, NO giving away our fishing grounds, and NO ECJ. What you have achieved is a complete balls up which has given the EU the whip hand!!
ToryUKP #Brexit -er says we should "walk away" without a trade deal...
It has been orchestrated all along by No10 &amp; #brussels to unleash #chequers &amp; the WA &amp; PD when they did. Leave as late as possible to apply maximum leverage citing it as only deal &amp; deadline looming. #brexit
This hole brexit thing is winding me up now, our prime minister is a waste of time. Would rather have a guy like trump running the show!
The Poundland Hitler doing what he does best. Stir it up and then back away from the consequences, denying all responsibility.
This traitor has spent 2 years doing everythimg she can to stop Brexit.
Me: “Theresa May’s called for the British people to come together” : “Oh God, not again!” #Brexit
Brexit is a banter. That’s all I know.
Is auditioning for the next series of Spitting Image? #Brexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
what the hell is this crypto-Fascist shit site I stumbled upon. #Brexit
If Theresa May is really brave and daring, she will tacitly aid and abet the #Irexit campaign in the Republic of Ireland, thus rendering the back stop unecessary. #bbcaq
#isitok that id rather handled the #Brexit deal over ?
Impending (and predicted, yet ignored) climate crisis, plus Trump and Brexit.... Hard not to feel like this:
Well in that clarity you have failed again. Whatever the failings of the EU we are still better off in it and the will o the peeps has changed.
"and shows disconformity" = disagrees (You´re welcome)
#GreatBritain getting dictated too and held to ransom over #brexit tell Spain to piss off,
#TreasonMay insults 17.4million, because we all hate immigrants and all the stuff about sovereignty didn't really matter.
Had enough Brexit - catching 10 news - stories of patronage, Chancellor in Ireland offering the DUP money. Our Establishment are so desperate to sell the British people this dead parrot of a deal and sacrificing trust and years of hard work by Conservative activists in process.
Is it okay that I care more about the lion king live action movie than brexit #isitok
. is absolutely correct
May under pressure from FISHING communities over Brexit deal – ‘She's an IDIOT or a LIAR'#Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexiteers #TheresaMay #politics #PoliticsLive #news #today #Goverment #Tories #Cabinet #BrexitAgreement #BrexitChaos
I'm completely fucking sick of #Brexit. I hope that everyone that voted for it are proud of themselves.
Nobody expects the Spanish Intervention..... #Brexit #Gibraltar #BrexitDeal
HIT UP MY CLASSIC BANGERS! GREAT FOR HEADBANGING WITH THE LADS HEADING TO THE PARK. #sesh #brexit #lads
Superb.
1 solution, Brexit as instructed and carry on as usual. Irish blocked their Customs officials from looking at tech. solutions. Why is that? Most customs declarations are cleared on a computer miles from any border, it's a red herring. Spain &amp; Ireland attempting land grabs.
STOP grandstanding over Brexit and DO YOUR JOB! DO something about knifecrime Mr Khan saying it will tke ten years is unacceptable . A second referendum on the EU is UNDEMOCRATIC (and I voted to Remain in 2016) So-called 'People's Vote' is a divisive farce..
We know what happens when countries split: Trump happens. Brexit happens. Peter Dutton almost happens. So what’s next, asks via
although it is not a perfect deal, just get on with it! You are killing businesses, jobs and families by not going forward. STOP your political ideology and bickering, you are killing Great Britain. #Brexit
#isitok to want a brexit no deal , just because it is the opposite to what the government want
I dont want anyone to lose jobs with brexit but ur wanting to protest a fraction of 1% of the population so that the rest will suffer or is you wanna protect the few rich families interests
putting these 4 options on the ballot paper would remove any allegations of being unfair to either side... #bbcaq
N. Irish Party Says It Could Leave May Government if Brexit Deal Passes #news
Most #viral News Now: Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Isn't that just a convenient way of shirking responsibility for the inevitable outcome of the Brexit fantasy peddled by Baker et al?
I’ve made it to 29 months since the Brexit vote and have finally started to lose my tether with it all. Someone, please, who voted to LEAVE, honestly tell me you still have the same conviction for your vote as you did in June 2016?! #shambolic
Still true
And it would have made no difference whatsoever. The Brexit promised was unachievable.
Good, it means we are winning then and they know Brexit will be stopped
... #isitok that Labour have been backing Brexit throughout ... it's highly unlikely that ALL of Labour will vote against it ... even Corbyn wants Brexit! ... and it is not ok!
Theresa May.. From one political delusion to another. #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit 12
So, according to this deal is 'worse' than staying in the #EU. Remember all this hardship we had in the last few years! Those terrible years or starvation and slavery under EU rules. #Brexit
But it wasn’t, you really think remainers are stupid enough to put the country in a worse state than it is by massively voting for a party that yes supports stopping brexit but has other shit policies? If you think that then you are the moron.
We're in agreement. Leaving would be worse than staying.
Brexit is stupid.
Oh there is the brexit bus, was wondering what happened to it...
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
A terrifying and depressing read.Terrifying,if what you imply is true:this travesty of a deal could get through because of the Whips, and depressing:She’s going to keep on and on like a Duracell.She has to be removed.Are MPs so blind?#nodealbetterthanHERdeal #MayMustGoNow
Many people asking what will happen if the Brexit deal doesn't pass and she's ousted. As you can see, I have a few ideas. #lionking #ToryBlueblood #leadership
All very well talking about "temporary" chaos, but worth remembering that the "temporary" chaos of the Winter of Discontent resonated politically for decades. The *only* way to avoid the choice between 'no deal', May's horrific deal and Remain is 'Norway'.
is it okay to ask how can a remainer vote for brexit. Isn’t that like asking a vegan to extol the virtues of fillet steak
When I sit down with my family I am going to propose a toast over our Christmas table to and for . Just another excellent article.
#TheresaMay Gave A #Brexit Speech In Brussels, But Nothing Has Changed As Far As The #EU Is Concerned
This is how little grasp they had of the integration built over forty years of collaboration.
#Wine. The hoarding begins... #Brexit.
UKIP has to be greater than 1 man
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Never fails on E.U #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
"I always say to my MP colleagues that the people of Hackney send me to Parliament to get rid of the Tories." actually a major reason i voted for you, again, was to help kick brexit in to touch; instead you've stuck two fingers up backing it
Bollocks. She’s trying to ram through a shit show of a #Brexit deal that literally nobody wants or supports. Aside from careerists arse-kissers obviously.
All easy questions. When she starts to ask about Brexit, then you can get worried.
I have changed from #Brexit to #Remain so we need to test it really don’t we? #RemainerNow - and if people still want to leave then that’s fair enough. #PeoplesVote
As much as you think the EU will allow it for Brexit.
2/ Public saw through Establishment lies and took a chance by voting to leave. now public will never trust Lib/Lab/con again but know UKIP have always wanted proper Brexit. they have taken a chance before they will vote for at next GE and give Establishment another surprise
Theresa May won an election on the promise of brexit, she promised us all that she will sail north? Then she sailed South?? Theresa May, you are a Liar who has crossed all of your own RED lines... Your word now carries no weight, you have disgraced yourself and the whole party?
Theresa made me give my Kevin the Carrot to Jaspar Carmichael-Jack. Started shouting about her Twitter feed getting clogged up with his twatty polls. I swear to god, I'm ready to tell her I'm chucking it. #brexit #indyref2 #MundellMustGo
English opinion suits you in this instance. English nationalism willingness to sacrifice NI at the altar of Brexit is another matter!
Will anyone notice?
It’s worth sending this piece to all of our MPs &amp; asking them how &amp; why would they vote for the PM’s deal in light of it. That’s my question to
"French banks scale back plans for post-Brexit staff moves" -
Post
bought off with a K? that's really rank and shows the measure of both the giver and the taker... yuk..
Ooh you are funny ... But I li....... no sorry I can't do that!
Neither do they take to twitter or organise themselves as mich as remain.
BREXIT WILL NEVER HAPPEN, COME WHAT MAY!
Latest reports are that's it's #jacobreesmogg and his #Brexit team sneaking back into the UK after secret talks with the #EuropeanUnion .
there’s only one way for people of conscience to go when the right, center, and some authoritarian ‘left’ are saying ‘we who have gone right suggest YOU go right’— go Left! abolish hierarchy!
Tories plan economic crash to keep May alive #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #bbcparliament #brexit #bbcnewsten #bbclondonnews
It's Alan Smithee's Brexit.
Like many I no longer have confidence in Theresa May achieving the Brexit we voted for. No deal is better than here deal. #LIBERTY #SheMustGo #WeMustNotBecomeAvassalStateOfBrussels
The predictable Brexit crisis has now arrived arrived
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says oh no they wouldn’t. I am ashamed of people like you who spread falsehoods, you’re as bad as Corbyn. I will never vote Labour again!
Spain says EU summit on #Brexit this weekend could be called off unless an agreement is reached with the UK over Gibraltar.
If the whole of Britain has to come together for Theresa May’s bloody Brexit, are we all supposed to be edging all this time?
So being Brexit secretary (twice) isn’t “at the helm? “. Or foreign secretary? Don’t tell me: it was all Ollie Robbins?
The infuriating thing is the Canada +++ deal offered to us by Donald Tusk is closer to Brexit than what Theresa May has negotiated!
A must read for all Brexiteers. Seems their lies are further exposed - Free Movement of Good and Positive - BREXIT is bad for the UK economy!
Brexit is a mess. Have we tried turning it off and on? #Brexit
Totally understandable feeling and shared by many
“It’s worrying" he says. No mate, Brexit, Trump, climate change and the social care crisis are worrying, not a lump of congealed chocolate in a £1 packet. Git.
Absolutely not! We didn't vote for #deal of EU terms,#Brexitmeansbrexit. This so far is a #very bad deal for Britain
#BBCNews flogging May's BrExit lies and Labour's "Tory austerity" lies at the same time. I guess they think that is balanced news reporting.
It will be too late to change. Needs sorting now
Funny how before #brexit the hot topic was #ModernSlavery. #humantrafficking. But the elephant in the room is that #freemovement #openborders only facilitates the issue. Why has no one picked up on this. Believe me I’ve seen it in action
I’ve made it to 29 months since the Brexit vote and have finally started to lose my tether with it all. Someone, please, who voted to LEAVE, honestly tell me you still have the same conviction for your vote as you did in June 2016. #shambolic #youfuckedit #dontdeny
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster - BBC News
And that’s what Britain deserves...
Thoughts on the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement &amp; why (as has become very apparent) it leaves no one happy. Feedback always welcome &amp; if you fancy hearing more of my musings you can subscribe through the link #MaysDeal
If you’re a Writer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Our disgraceful government.
Can I go do it after I've solved world hunger and poverty? Oh then I need sort brexit out
The latest The Open Unionism Daily! Thanks to #brexit #eatmorefish
Gobbells Cambell , God but they're desperate if they have to wheel him out !
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
"Can we reframe this debate as fundamentally about fearing and rejecting the outside world?" "Yes, Prime Minster. Who are you scared of?" "Same people we're always scared of: our fellow Europeans."
To be fair Angie... UKIP and Farrage have always been about one thing, Brexit. They have spent years fighting off the labels of racist, far-right, bigots, xenophobes... I really think Tommy is being taken advantage of here, there is nothing good that will come from this!
More Brexit - Friday talks will continue, Sunday's the summit. And then what's coming … #Bitcoin #Btc #Cryptocurrency
How many more knighthoods we'll be given to get TM Brexit deal through?
I don’t know how expects to sell her deal as the best future for the country if she can’t bring herself to say on radio that it will be better than remaining in the EU. The govt has totally failed to realise and promote Brexit as the opportunity we voted for.
More B.S.
No it is just separating the sheep from the goats. Brexit is dying a very well deserved death: Xenophobia, Racism, Dark Money, Russian influence.
You know that there is a brexit impasse when asylum seekers are the headline news again.
2017: Tory #Brexit -er says EU citizens will have "same rights as now" after #Brexit ...
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to win MP's Brexit support
X factor? Will Gordon be dancing with the Maybot to stimulate anti Brexit voters?
'I’ve been studying Theresa May’s Brexit negotiation wardrobe in the hope that her choices might reveal the state of her mind. It’s been tough'
I’m so bored of hearing about #blackfriday that I can’t wait to hear about #Brexit again on Monday
#TheresaMay accused of giving knighthood to win MP's #Brexit support
Spain can't veto Brexit, they can only veto the deal. How does an MP not know this? Mind you I had to point out to an SNP MP last year what a tax was, so maybe I shouldn't be surprised. Funny, how the pro-Indy lot are now backing Spain after slagging them off over Catalonia.
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
the more you hear from these EU countries - the more attractive Brexit looks
Theresa made me give my Kevin the Carrot to Jaspar Carmichael-Jack to keep him busy for a wee while. Started shouting about her Twitter feed getting clogged up with his twatty polls. I swear to god, I'm ready to tell her I'm chucking it. #brexit #indyref2 #MundellMustGo
Like many I no longer have confidence in Theresa May achieving the Brexit we voted for. No deal is better than her deal. #LIBERTY #SheMustGo #WeMustNotBecomeAvassalStateOfBrussels
Theresa May prepares to face biggest threat to date: the Tory party
I predicted the vote to leave the eu would succeed.I also predicted brexit would be betrayed.i was right on both counts.
If only ...
The final outcome of this non Brexit Brexit The demise of the Conservative and Labour Parties They have worked together to betray Brexit Why didn't May &amp; Carney plan for WTO We should be ready to leave WTO Why is Starmer Shadow Secretary for Brexit, when he's a remoaner?
Agreed, it’s the opposite of settling anything. There’s no hope of a trade deal in two years plus extension, and then we are into the backstop, which looks absolutely horrible for UK democracy. WA has got to be voted down now.
They have not got the balls to do it, fake news
The silly old goat says that her deal is the best deal we are going to get, but she still does not get it into her thick head that we don't want a deal.We want to leave and exist like we did for ten's of thousands of years before the 45 years of destructive E.U. servitude.
Can't believe how many traitors are in our great country, so many EU luvies, what ever happened to patriotism #Brexit #FuckTheEU #PeoplesVote
me: the news: BREXIT
Farage has made a huge mistake over this. TR is a total asset
No because Brexit is never going to happen.
Can someone tell me what deal Theresa May has made?? I keep hearing she made a deal re brexit but I have no idea what the hell it is &amp; google does not have the bloody answer!!!!
Why is she still talking?
Breaking up of the UK - if that were the case you'd still want Brexit?
That's a small part. Boris Johnson is also being sued because he told multiple lies about how much the EU 'costs' UK. Telling lies to many millions of people, misinforming them, and leading them to make very bad decisions is a breach of trust of public office.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
2/ We should devolve many of the roles of central government to regional governments with powers similar to those of Scotland. This would increase the cost of government, but as #Brexit is showing us, the ultimate cost of a grossly over-centralised government is vastly greater.
Don't believe a word she says! Immigration needs a total rethink and new worldwide policy. Trying to buy votes.
She has tried &amp; failed already by using the inane #eu can't jump queue line. FOM isn't ending. White Paper won't convince anyone. Any change is years away, certainly post 2022 GE. #brexit
Well said Dominic has sold out both remain &amp; Leave voters with a deal which has no answers just lies, lies &amp; more lies #PeoplesVote
Now that brexit is sorted GE before February...
Once again showing Labour have no respect for our sovereignty. They would have let bullies take the Falklands and they’ll let bullies take Gibraltar. Unacceptable. The Spanish should look at the history books - 1982. That’s what they are risking by doing this...
Why didn't you do that when you held the #Brexit brief.
DUP leader Arlene Foster warns she could SCRAP deal with the Tories and bring down Theresa May’s government even if Brexit deal gets through Parliament
#isitok that no one cares anymore about Brexit and instead they're more worried about cameramen intervening with Penguins and a town changing its name to Vegan Wool...oh and I'm a celebrity(can I stay here)
ESMA working with European Commission on preparations for recognising UK CCPs and CSDs in event of no-deal Brexit
I think he is right. I also think he is definitely a future leadership candidate and that positions on Brexit should not be a criteria for leadership. Mind you as I'm not a member it's none of my business!
Royal Navy faces off with Spanish vessel in British waters amid Brexit row over Gibraltar: THE… #Brexit #ClickBait
Brexit deal latest: Spanish PM claims EU summit could be CANCELLED over Gibraltar row: SPAIN… #Brexit #ClickBait
Sorry to tweet about Brexit again, but I strongly feel that the likes.of Rees-Mogg and Dorres need to be shown the road. At a time when they should be supporting their leader they are the biggest shit stirrers in the Tory party.
When I voted Leave I believed it was the #Eu that was the problem, I've since found out Parliament is full of liars and cheats too, and this prick with a tick thinks that's ok. So, no matter what happens with Brexit, they'll still be amongst us and this can't change.
Can we stop promoting mays bad deal &amp; change the plan to #brexit positives lrt her know we want brexit #nodeal
Vague Brexit future plan means worse deal on all fronts - InFacts
PLEASE READ IMMEDIATELY
Labour's pro-Brexit policy doesn't make a lick of sense. It's been rubbish for two years which is odd as most Labour voters &amp; members want to Remain. Corbyn voted out in 1975. He wants out, which does NOT represent the view of party members
No it won’t be enough
That lives in the other room. It would involve tense Brexit style negotiations
The state of this.
Eviscerates? Hmmm...if you say so lads.
The Lib Dems are not UK-wide… you would think a Party that claims to care so much about Northern Ireland would remember that it, y’know, exists.
Is *your* Kremlin acting in our national interest. Find out:
Love your band Stevie, and you're bang right on this. Brexit is absolute madness.
PLEASE RT. Like many I no longer have confidence in Theresa May achieving the Brexit we voted for. No deal is better than here deal. #LIBERTY #SheMustGo #WeMustNotBecomeAvassalStateOfBrussels
Theresa May prepares to face biggest threat to date: the Tory party
What happens if MPs reject Brexit deal?
About time this lying buffoon ot his 'cumuppance'. If found guilty he should be banned from public office - like a string of others who deliberately deceive for their own self-interest.
Unfortunately has misunderstood what Brexit was all about. We want our democracy back.
The public are sick of #Brexit - they want #Remain
. 's brazen gift of Knighthood today (just like that,out of the blue),to a Brexit MP who's not backed a leadership election &amp; not said he'll vote down her deal +Remain appointments to , shows Parliamentary Swamp isn't just wide+deep but utterly putrid
A powerful series of photo metaphor with a strong message on what Brexit brings. Thank you
I always feel sorry for Theresa May because everyone left her with the Brexit broom, but then I remember the hostile environment. #thelastleg
There has been more than one referendum in Britain on membership of the EU Common Market. Why not another one? #Brexit #ThePeoplesVote #EU
You get the impression it would suit for Leave to win a second referendum so they don’t have to justify their lack of engagement with #Brexit ...
Leading Tory #Brexit -er says "Bravo for Assad" &amp; suggests alliance with Putin. Claims Hitler didn't use gas ...
Di Abbott looking a bit tired. Probably down to #Brexit
I’ve never rooted for Spain so much since the Eurovision Song Contest. #Brexit
Such a disappointment. No ambition. No understanding of what Brexit is all about. May’s deal is an embarrassment.
Brexit news latest: Spain PM threatens to try to derail and ‘veto Brexit’ over Gibraltar
More evidence that Brexit was about immigration, and not much else.
You're telling me it wasn't the migrant crisis that causes Brexit, AfD, rise of far-right populism in EU? What was it then? Don't just jump on the Clinton-bashing bandwagon because it's what everyone else is doing.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected: But the…
GOOD! You flamenco dancing, paella eating, bull murders!
THE DEATH OF BREXIT: sidelined ministers, a neutered Cabinet, a jubilant Whitehall and the collapse of journalism -
You can't veto Brexit tho lol
When has to go on to advertise her Brexit I would call that desperation mode
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster: The DUP leader…
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #bbcnewsten #londontonight #bbclondonnews #PeoplesVote #brexit
Very interesting....
#MashReport absolutely demolishing arguments defending their Brexit coverage, Andrew Neil being abusive to female journalists &amp; constantly giving airtime to right wing lions. should watch #bbc2 and gang their heads in shame.
From the outset Michael Dougan has provided sound explanations for why Brexit was self delusion and absurd in it’s implicit contradictions.
I agree with this. #Brexit's #Irish border debate is 'trap laid out by #EU negotiators' – MEP to RT
#Brexit in a cartoon...
has taken time out as AG and Brexit to give some assistance with the voiceover for the new #LionKing2019 film. And you thought it was #johnearljones
Well said #PeoplesVote
#MashReport is just left wing crap. How are they getting away with this shite.Trump,Brexit blah,blah.
T.May one thing I do not understand with this brexit deal is---how can you be so stupid to not see it is worthless rubbish
guess he’s not just a teenage dirtbag anymore then... I’m sorry
Spain shut up. Stop being selfish it’s not about you.
well look at the mess has made of you are still linked to her...... GE gone no jobs for the boys &amp; girls #BrexitBetrayal
I back the Brexit deal
I'm calling this headline: Brexit Plan: May Be So, May Be Not
Love it! Old Campbell didn't like that one bit. Well &amp; truly rattled.
You want Brexit , Corbyn’s approval ratings are subterranean and you can’t negotiate a better deal with the EU. Stop spouting these grandstanding platitudes and give us a #peoplesvote to put an end to this divisive madness. Go on John. You’re the clever one after all...
Right but you aren't saying oh Brexit is the way to go to improvement are you? Similarly NTSC might not necessarily be the right thing. Deciding what I mean by functioning for yourself and just jamming anything as an example is a bit of a stretch.
Who will buy me off with a knighthood? Call me Sir, I'll do what you say. Me, oh my! I'm not sure on Europe, But if you want me to, I'll sell out just for you, There must be someone who will buy...
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Judging by your never-ending flurry of tweets, you’re finally realising, Roger, that Brexit looks different to different people. Nobody promised you you’d get your version #Remain
What the fuck even is brexit
How do you intend to vote on PMs brexit deal?
#wine just can't get enough of it
Surely the Spanish vetoing Brexit is a godsend for May? Allows her to pin the blame on the Europeans for ruining Brexit
One way or another - May's time is up.
Just so long as the Brexit tees don't all fly off before Sunday Mark!!!!
is Essex based - that’s Brexit land he can’t block reality - he must be in pain just opening his eyes everyday
Increasingly one really has to question the UK negotiators motivations, they seem so antithetical to the UK's interests. "May’s Brexit deal: the legal verdict"
This country is f****d. Even without Brexit.
11/12. Most of it pretty much general knowledge, no?
#Spain oh please just shut up. #brexit
. The solution to the extremities of fascism is not the extremities of communism. . That would be just playing into the hands of criminals. . . #UKgenocide Prevention #BRexit #UK #Scotland #England #NorthernIreland #Wales
Apparently even Google (arguably, more intelligent than the whole Tory party, Ukip and Corbynites) cannot negotiate Brexit. You're on your own, UK.
Spoiler alert - it’s looking a lot like a review with no Brexit. I’ll say that again. A sky news paper review may be about to happen With No Brexit Story #skypapers
If you’re watching right now, the PM wasn’t actually in the Big Brother Diary Room for her i/v w/ . Here’s the full read &amp; watch if you’re so inclined v/ #Brexit
The UK has been a mess since the Brexit vote, totally incompetent in its negotiations with the EU, trying to steer a course in completely unchartered territory and history lessons in fifty years time will mock the way it’s all been handled.
mmmm....nice try. You get a mention in both of these
Brexit, schemexit, I just wanna know where Theresa May’s scarf is from
They won't because they are all EU stooges, biased and probably paid for by the EU
If you wish to remain a pawn of the EU, you can always move to a nearby country of your choice. You are welcome to your opinion but your fellow citizens have spoken and brexit it is.
#reesmoggcannotorganise brexit!
A good theory but I think the people who voted for #Brexit might be a little cross. I personally would pay money to see Farage on #bbcqt. I would probably laugh my head off as he became more and more incensed.
The problem with Brexit is that it has been universally rejected by the political class and beyond rhetoric that's as true of Farage as the others The political lead for a People's Brexit/lexit has come from the grassroots via social media. It is a new form of politics I think.
#JacobReeseMoggCannotOrganise 48 letters it should be 52 #brexit #JustSaying #lastleg
It’s not democracy if people were lied to in our to get the result and promised things that were never going to happen #BrexitChaos #referendumbrexit
holy sh*t My local mp is getting a knighthood and I've only found out via all because of his views/opinions on #Brexit
Hard brexit please, this hybrid is nonsense
Are you kidding? Look at UK’s BREXIT and US’ current policies. You must have missed a lot of news these past two years.
Do you think this will change the mind of staunch unionists to vote Indy? Do you think we’ll get another shot at Indy after the brexit shambles and the fact this oil is ‘the bargaining chip?’
I genuinely could not care less if the BBC were to apologise for their BREXIT coverage from now until Doomsday. Make the licence fee voluntary and let the youths reluctance for shit kill the institution that sold us all out. #cadwalla
Rubbish. If we carry on down this path non-Muslims will be in a minority within 50yrs and then we will be living under Sharia Law. Look at the birth rate amongst Muslims.
Like many I no longer have confidence in Theresa May achieving the Brexit we voted for. No deal is better than her deal. #LIBERTY #SheMustGo #WeMustNotBecomeAvassalStateOfBrussels
Farage is now realising - he has no spiritual home, politically, anymore....and when Brexit caves he has no platform (other than his UKIP Eu job) and he’ll prob be deselected from that too
What a coincidence - being bought off perchance?
Have you also been promised a knighthood? We know there is state sponsored bribery going on.
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster Would anybody be surprised if this lot backed the deal,of course not.
That is Germany's problem! It's not for UK to be concerned about Germany. Why is Labour &amp; Tory May paying £100 Billion from 2016 to 2021 to EU? EU getting benefit of access to UK market not the other way around. You don't understand BREXIT, do you?
Ah I get it now! Yes definitely can't this year - don't even have a valid passport :') And brexit may complicate things further (though i'm glad i don't live over there). I may have overstated things aha I just get anxious and kinda paranoid x) wbu?
"I am thankful for experiencing a once in a lifetime event. I saw firsthand the impact the decision for England to leave the European Union (BREXIT) had on its citizens, as it was happening! How many high school students can say that?" -Erica Fenwick #GivingTuesday #ChoosePaul
My youngest brother who voted for told me tonight he feels extremely badly let down after working so hard to get him elected. Cannot understand how Stephen can gample with young people’s life’s &amp; future generations in unknown waters &amp; uncertainty’s of Brexit.
May’s obsession with immigration now dominates every aspect of the UK’s Brexit policy.
I want £350 million for the NHS, I'll vote Brexit then. Oh, what's that Boris?
DUP to 'revisit' support for govt if Brexit deal passed via
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Northern Ireland is hopeless while these half wits are in political positions.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
The #NancyPelosi Solution. It works! #BuyThemOff #BrexitShambles
Please do you will be a hero to the Great British public as we want a clean Brexit on WTO terms
Brexit means goer
Bear with me while I don a tinfoil hat; is this behind the huge swing to the Right? Shutting up shop before the...poo hits the fan? (May’s Brexit Deal is almost solely about stopping immigration, coupled with the current ‘Hostile environment’)
Great analysis from the Economist on No Deal #Brexit
How do you sleep with these thoughts? Don’t let Brexit consume you the sun will still rise in the morning. Goodnight
Hi Jon. I’m sure you mean well but please read this and then consider rephrasing this tweet
The #Brexit endeavour has nothing whatever to do with Europe or politics. It is about concentrating power for the few. Plain and simple.
We disagree on Brexit, but you’re quite correct that this pursuit of a lowest common denominator is shameful and suggests a level of desperation.
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote via
The latest Flookie's Daily Paper! #blackfriday #brexit
Think that wiz me. But, man, with this soft Brexit and transition period, we need to declare pretty soon or we’ll just drift along doing nothing and lose the opportunity
If MPs who want Brexit oppose this Withdrawal Agreement they will simply make remaining in the EU more likely. It's this Brexit or no Brexit. Grow up and get real.
She was a staunch remain voter and all of a sudden "Brexit means Brexit". She triggered article 50 which basically gives the EU the upper hand as we're working against the clock. I'd rather she gave us her real opinion and not one that's been written for her.
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote via
DUP leader Arlene Foster warns she could SCRAP deal with the Tories and bring down Theresa May’s government even if Brexit deal gets through Parliament
A new poll suggests #Grimsby voters would be more likely to shun Labour if the party doesn't back a #PeoplesVote
Politicians didn’t realise strength of opinion during Brexit. Haven’t learned lesson, making decisions on party and personal lines again. It won’t end well!!
What about the strawberries for Wimbledon. #Madness #Brexit
. There it is, again!
Back Stabber BREXIT BREXIT Trust your Leader, it's the least anyone can do.
Awesome news
UK fintechs claim Brexit could lead to a "lost generation" of London businesses #Fintech #fintechs #Brexit #London
Tell this #corbyn Crack head lol #corbynout #houseofcommons #parliament will vote for this best deal for #BrexitReady #Brexit as for the #Eu go and fuck off lol #bbcnews #skynews #croydoncouncil #labour party twats lol #northlondon #southlondon #westlondon #eastlondon #cronx
If we had a strong electable opposition the #tories would be falling apart and into opposition themselves over #brexit but we don’t so May and Co. are safe to carry on ...
The phrase "soft brexit" never existed before the referendum. It was a phrase invented by politicians who campaigned to remain once they lost. Now we are told nobody voted for "hard brexit". The so called "hard brexit" was just brexit before the referendum result.
What is the point #TheresaMay of trying to sell your #Brexit deal to the people if they don't have a #PEOPLESVOTE say?
was the prime minister that brought us in to #brexit. He couldn’t cope with the pressure &amp; didn’t want the hassle to work it through. So he left to pick up the pieces and shit that he left behind. I’m not happy with it. But she has balls
I think it is great entertainment. The police should release these videos all the time. If the public barometer is a yay they will continue if not they'll stop. #totalrecall #brexit I loved the cops shooting those terrorists too. It's great to be shocked. #RapeTheRapist
#Brexit #labour #Tories Any MP from any party not backing the public's decision to leave the EU and not to deliver on the result should resign now. Support the deal as we the public voted LEAVE in 2016 referendum
This is really what 1945 must have felt like. The British establishment is either useless or exhausted, take your pick. You are now going to have to share power with the representatives of working people. I know it will be painful for you but there it is
Delighted to see and bring a paper to #RCGPcouncil calling for a #peoplesvote. What can I say but "yes"?! #brexit #fbpe
#TheresaMay accused of giving knighthood to win MP's #Brexit support
Is it okay that #NoelEdmunds has gone into the jungle when he could have helped out with #Brexit? Surely he has the most experience in Deal or no Deal situations.
#reesmoggcannotorganise BREXIT...
No idea why they put this dreadful person on TV. Ignorant. Stupid. Ill informed. Nice hair though
Given that we’re heading for a blind Brexit and STILL DON’T know the future trading relationship in November 2018, it’s a bit rich to claim we knew exactly what we were getting in June 2016. Can’t you see my point?
The current Brexit deal is indeed worse than what we already have. The league table looks like this; First: Staying in Second: The deal at present Third: Amending the deal which will inevitably result in "no deal" What a sorry state of affairs from a sorry referendum
Yeah, thanks Brexit.
I suppose Spain could be placated by being assured that the guideline the EU27 gave Barnier, and which doesn't seem to have influenced the withdrawal agreement, will also be given to the new team negotiating a future relationship from some time next year.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW
And so the British Empire comes back to bite Britain on the bum.
St Theresa??? #brexit
Suki really enjoyed your Brexit conversation, as she's wondering whether she'll still be able to travel to see her family in April!
Now you are talking out of your backside, as Ireland was one of the partners to the Good Friday Agreement: Can we please have an honest discussion, instead of Peter's false claims not backed by evidence trash?
Quote from my 9 yr old daughter on seeing Theresa May answering #Brexit questions on #bbcradio5 - ‘What a load of trash!’
Johnson (and perhaps others) should be prosecuted over the £350m per week lie which, of all the Leave lies, probably swung the most votes in favour of Brexit.
No we don’t want #Brexit settled, we want it scuttled. We don’t want to get on with it, we want to get out of it. Most of all, we want a on your bad deal v. the good deal we have as part of the EU
#reesmoggcannotorganise A stag do in Benidorm after Brexit.
Fuck. You.
Spain threatens to call off Sunday's EU summit on Brexit unless an agreement is made with the UK over Gibraltar
Oh, the humanity!
Brexit has given closet racists the opportunity to just say what they feel. That's as simple as it is.
Guilt they want to win on paper because Remoaners are guilty of trying to destroy Brexit the largest democratic vote in our history, shame on them. Running another is just plain wrong, period!
That's quite the swing in just a few days! Could May actually going out and defending it be working? Will be interesting to see what happens if this swings further towards May's deal
Exactement. *Weeps*
Kind of puzzled why the 10oclock news is still running with #Brexit when the new #TheLionKing trailer dropped today!?
Given that we’re heading for a blind Brexit and STILL DON’T know the future trading relationship in November 2018, it’s a bit rich to claim we knew exactly what we were getting in June 2016. Can’t you see my point?
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
May faces Spanish opposition ahead of #Brexit summit
Stefanie who doesn't qualify for PR because her British husband was in the military... hence overseas posting and too many housemoves...
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Can't help but think this is mildly amusing.. Brexit news latest: Spain PM threatens to try to derail and ‘veto Brexit’ over Gibraltar via
Well said a total disgrace when will you stop your lies #PeoplesVote
I'm a disenfranchised expat currently in Ireland. The whole brexit experience is curiously voyeuristic for me. I really should sort out my international driving licence.
It looks like Cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs thinks maybe it’s time to get a handle on European immigration. Oh, ya think?
Don't like Trump one bit BUT he would've had this Brexit done and dusted ages ago - why are we so poor at negotiation tactics?
Kudos to getting a Bobby Ewing reference into the Brexit discussion on channel 4.
Don’t forget good old fashioned state sponsored bribery.
Other EU countries economic development agencies are scouting for Brexit-related opportunities to woo existing UK-located inward investors and are lining up lucrative financial/training support packages. It would take just one major investor to announce a UK closure. Nissan?
GOOD! You flamenco dancing, paella eating, bull murderers!
I can imagine this shit show #Brexit will have put other countries off from even considering leaving the EU
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Tommy Robinson organising his pro-Brexit, yes it’s fascist. It will be met by moderates. You can screw your link.
Brexit means Brexit
As with Rudd's comments at the 2016 conference, one of the problems has been a mostly Remainer Cabinet implementing a caricature of what they think Leavers think Brexit should be.
Signing #mays deal will be no different to remaining. We didn't vote for this, #brexitmeansbrexit . This is a total abortion. #remainers get what they want
We all have our opinions on #Brexit. We all have our wishes. We all know exactly what to do. But they are all different. So let bicker among ourselves, and let the EU take everything we've got. We are idiots.
The Brexit will not be good in any way. Our country is in deep distress. This needs to be remedied.
May under pressure from fishing communities over Brexit deal – ‘She's an idiot or a liar'
Theresa May when asked if we could have no Brexit
How Europe became the funeral pyre for Tory leaders
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Read this by - you won't be disappointed
I can imagine that her own constituents would raise a few eyebrows at this piece of wisdom, given that they virulently despise Brexit. "What is it you don't understand about representing our interests?" is the sort of thing they might be tempted to say.
The people who voted Brexit are the older generation who don't have social media. The young generation don't really care for the elderly. Today's youngsters have forgotten it's their country too and we live in a democracy. They voted and they won, deal with it, I have.!!!
Door. Stable. Horse. Bolted. Thanks for nothing (it's not just brexit they should be feeling shame for #austerity #poverty
#isitok that #FBPE pretend to be anti brexit when they are Tories working for Brandon?
May has the perfect face for radio for the BBC
Brexit happens because the EU experiment failed. Trump happened because it was a rejection of Obama ideology which pushed change before the US was ready. There is a cause and effect for everything
“In order to stop the far right... you must do exactly as they want?” Neoliberals showing their true colours again
So well put. I am terrified by the prospect of bl**dy Brexit. It is turning people into bigots who seemed perfectly normal before all this.
What would actually be on the news if it wasn’t for Brexit?
I take no pleasure in retweeting this. Important, yet depressing, reading
I see you, Jeremy Corbyn
#isitok that I'm supposed to be #brexit secretary next Tuesday afternoon but have a dental appointment. Can anyone swap?
People who take 2 year old’s on 20 hour flights are why Brexit happened
The Spanish are kicking off with #Brexit. Here’s one for you... DON’T GO TO ANYWHERE IN SPAIN ON HOLIDAY FOR ONE YEAR, or buy anything Spanish !!! They’ll SHIT IT !!!! Their economy would be fucked !
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says #itvnews #bbcnews #bbcnewsten #BBCLONDONNEWS #londontonight #c4news #5news #skynews
This ARGHH ARGHHH ARGHHH
What bullshit!. You have just woken up to the reality of your Brexit. You are to blame for the mess that your ignorance has created.
Well said #PeoplesVote
The Leave campaign never mentioned 'no deal'. Nobody voted for it. No responsible Government would let it happen. It'll be May's deal, or Remain. #Brexit
Well that's it then, this isn't a brexit thing at all, then is it, - it's a xenophobia thing ...
“Murdoch is not just a news organisation. In Britain,Murdoch made Brexit possible because of the position taken by his papers. In US,Murdoch's Fox News is the political echo chamber of the far right,which enabled Trump party to stage a hostile takeover of the Republican Party”
We are all losing our marbles. Wall-to-wall Brexit guff has probably harmed the collective health of the nation.
I really hope so. No room for complacency.
Interpretation: I fucked up and you the tax payer could end up spending more because I fucked up. #MayOut #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #ChuckChequers #SackRobbins
BBC News - Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
How do you intend to vote on PMs brexit deal?
#Brexit #maymustgo Anyone else else wishing we had Arlene Foster in charge ? She has a spine. I admire her first that.
The latest The Doug Heffernan Daily! Thanks to #blackfriday #brexit
It hasn’t been about Brexit for a very long time. They do not care about US
I do understand Brexit. If you don't like the May deal then I guess you support another referendum?
The realities of the regrettable Brexit scam can be seen on May's face. she always has that face you'd have when you read that paragraph of the group assignment you know is wrong but got out-voted on.
People of #brexit. The letters. QMV. Your welcome. stop talking shit.
The #UK tech sector is deeply divided over the #Brexit deal - MIT Technology Review
This is coming from the man who threw nails onto the pitch at Twickenham. I’m not sure he is an arbiter of the truth.
I just don’t understand why or what leavers see in the future. Blind faith is no substitute for the good life the EU provides. Perhaps it’s the pressure from the Media Billionaire Barons who have lost the influence they always had over the UK Government.
EU protests show that this draft Brexit agreement is not a British capitulation
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
DUP leader Arlene Foster warns she could SCRAP deal with the Tories and bring down Theresa May's government even if #Brexit deal gets through Parliament
May's version of "Caravans heading for the border" Repellent and a stain on whatever "Vicar's daughter" nonsense you fed to the media all your professional life.
just like France is returning stolen artefacts to Benin, please kindly ensure that UK returns stolen Nigerian arts back to Nigeria. In the same spirit of Brexit that Britain wants to take back control of her destiny from EU, Nigerian artefacts belong to NIGERIA.
The Liberals and all other parties held discussions with labour on voting down Brexit so no Vince might vote for a lordship she will never get that deal passed .
While I dont support Brexit and disagree with a lot of what you say your right here.
Could not have put it better myself.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Superb satire! A great read.
“I very much enjoyed Dominic Raab talking about a “negotiated no-deal” on Friday, which does seem to be the moron’s oxymoron.”
If Theresa May sincerely believes her approach to Brexit is viable she is beyond reason and utterly deluded.
Matt, you are asking them to abandon their world views. Hillary's loss simply must be shown to be a theft. They can't accept that the nation (and world, eg, Brexit) rejected their identity politics and political correctness and postmodernism and feminist theory and open borders.
You’ve sold us into chaos based on the word of Boris, Nigel, Jacob and all their posh millionaire/ billionaire mates. Russian money funded the brexit campaign and you’ve got the flag of st George on your profile! The irony is staggering!
And the classic "I've got more followers than you" retort!! It's like Brexit bingo in here.
Rumour that there’s a knight that says N(on ou Ou)i called John Hayes? #brexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
That and "jobs first Brexit".
PM refuses to say if she'll quit if Brexit deal voted down
Do we really want to go down the Trump/Brexit/Brazil hate path, by enhancing divisions rather than trying to find common ground &amp; dialogue? This seems so far away from what Pride was supposed to be about.
CBI Brexit Deal Doubts! via
we get that you are against brexit BUT the majority of the country voted for it. Have a little respect!!!
Confirmation
Majestic stockpiles ahead of Brexit as it plans for “tough times”.
US trade deal would flood Britain with 'cheap, inhumanely produced' bacon #restaurants #Brexit
Whether you’re Leave or Remain don’t you agree that the money being used for Brexit (long way to go yet) would be better spent on our welfare and security so damaged by austerity. Police, Health, the three services, and social security. Dr Who, please take me back to a safe time.
LISTEN - Gibraltar MEP Warns Brexit Will Mean GIVING AWAY The Control We Had /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
David Cameron brought us the #Brexit vote (then resigned) and assisted in the end of Gadafi without a viable replacement leading to most of the refugee crisis from Libya to Europe - a dangerous fuckw*t!
Ireland : ICTU warns about Brexit ‘catastrophe'
Lies and one liner headlines are easy to read and require no research. Truth is lengthy, difficult to find and often, hard to grasp. #Brexit #Democracy #Trump #Journalism #Journalismisnotacrime #journalists
#EU nails down Theresa May and the #UK in 26 page Post-#Brexit Terms via
So much for the so called BREXITEERS not resigning for #BetrayMay govt because they were intent on getting her to change course while in cabinet. Its all lies, the whole government is a sharade, the Brexiteers working with May &amp; the EU to overturn the Democratic result #Traitors
Rising recession risk leaves Europe acutely vulnerable to no-deal Brexit shock via
Hard brexit bears this nonsense deal, at least we have control and we know where we stand
How do you intend to vote on PMs brexit deal?
#Jacobreesmoggcouldntorganise a brexit party in ukip headquarters
Andy, good on you for serving in the royal navy. But do you have any stake riding on Brexit at all or is it pure emotion? Do you have any friends amongst the 3.5mm who work in manufacturing that rely on exports? You should ask them how that feel about this #shitshow
The elite #BackTheBrexitDeal and that should raise alarmbells. The raison d'etre of Brexit is to lessen worker rights, and turn the U.K into another Singapore. Question is: how many days of annual leave will you lose? 14, or 21?#ToriesOut
Arlene Foster to Theresa May: Stop wasting time and seek new Brexit deal
It is undemocratic to reverse a democratic decision before it is implemented. In theory (although brexiteers including.myself dispute) May's deal is brexit, so a choice between 2 types of brexit would not be. I do not support such a vote, but would not necessarily oppose.
spouting out more brexit lies! Truth is the Dail has never been more united on a government strategy before
Three blind mice. Three blind mice. See how they run. See how they run. Oh dear #Quitling fantasy collides with nasty old reality. #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexitSaveBritain &amp; #Remain #FBPE
May 2016: #Brexit campaigner says Turkey is joining the EU &amp; UK will have borders with Syria &amp; Iraq...
You're fucking kidding me - talk about predictive programming. "We have to stop London, before it destroys us!" ... Are these satanic Hollywood fuckers referring to Brexit or the general Orc invasion of our captial. WTF!
I think everyone is tired of this Brexit, the people handed something to MPs that was way above their pay grade and intelligence, I presume the tory nasty party wishes they just had what they are good at, screwing everyone who earns less than £77 k per year
And 'they' blame men for all the fuck ups in the world! #brexit #bbcqt #TheresaMay #100Women #BrexitNow
Some late 20s bloke at work here who went to university so thinks he’s the authority on brexit is trying to school colleagues in their 50s. Excruciating to witness
Ken Clarke will vote for Deal *in preference to #NoDealBrexit*... please dont "quote" out of context, its #FakeNews PM says she wont allow amendments before Deal vote &amp; is fighting to keep that position. If choice *via amendment* is Deal or Think again, Ken will vote Think.
...your argument. You say we don’t need another referendum because 80% voted for pro Brexit parties last year, but we needed one in 2016, despite only 4m voting for anti EU parties. As I said, bullshit. Get a better argument, that one is rubbish.
I really don't know where to begin with this. Lies, deceit, inaccuracies - amazes she put her name to it and signed off the copy. #BrexitDeal
I don't buy this. Manufacturing will be hammered by Brexit. She is not stupid. Hmmm.... I think she's at it.
Let's Remain !
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Sorry I jumped in before seeing the rest. I don't believe people who hate Brexit can embrace it. If it happens, we would have to make the best, but my voice would continue to be for international cooperation &amp; against nationalism. The EU is imperfect but world's leading example.
She is dead in the water - just a matter of time
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
Mind games. Trying to frighten us. There is no good Brexit. #informedConsent
Mogwai have Brexit: Is Shite tshirts for sale. Andrew Adonis is now Punk Rock.
OK with a violent supression of a referendum in #Catalunya and spit the dummy when you can't get your hands on an independent territory that wants nothing to do with you. Give it up, you are the laughing stock of Europe. #Brexit
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Where was he when we had a vote to leave or stay in the EU.
This point really needs to be made over and again because when Brexit hits the crisis we have in the country will be blamed on it. Another excuse to justify impact of eight years of austerity.
Lies lies and more lies!!!
I like this deal. I think
#isitok that listening to you lot slag off brexit every week makes friday eveing depressing
Please stand up for us, the Conservatives have betrayed us all, with this deal. It’s not brexit. And the EU army is happening with her deal. Look up ‘veteran’s for Britain’ posts.
appears teflon. Everyone here bar a few sycophantic Tories &amp; her EU masters there despise her. She’s clearly being protected by the money &amp; influence of the puppet masters behind the EU
Can you help me out please incase I’m missing something important. We voted to leave so if the deal we get is a bad one isn’t the choice accept it or leave with no deal? When did don’t leave become an option isn’t that the remain option what was voted against? #Brexit
Spain can’t veto the Brexit deal. It’s a majority vote. There posturing to save face at home
Oh f**k that's Gibraltar gone then.
Tales from the other side: 'Ambush: BBC’s Brexit negativity plumbs new depths in attack on Peter Lilley' via
Thats if the Labour leadership have any intention of either stopping brexit or having a general election before the disaster has played out.
#isitok that I saw all this brexit nightmare happening?
Why you on the left?? Your helping to fuck the brexit up too, and May is shit too
This. Farage it's on you.
I hereby declare that from this day forward Brussels Sprouts no longer exist. Long live Brexit Sprouts. #FUEU
The singer from Wheatus was on the BBC talking about Brexit for some reason
Le Brexit
#EU nails down Theresa May and the #UK in 26 page Post-#Brexit Terms via
Dear me, do keep up . Public opinion has changed now the reality of Brexit is known. Poll after poll has shown that the majority now wish to Remain.
Which is why a #PeoplesVote WON'T get same result People have realised leaving EU will cause MORE austerity #WontGetFooledAgain #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Why. It's like insisting that you drive the car off the cliff
Am not that clued up politically. So don't know deals from Europe but am led to believe with brexit no more unemployed scroungers will be able to come in to MY country that I pay tax into and settle then am happy anuth if that don't happen
A very well balanced polite article. It confirms that Remainers, esp. , thought that Brexit was about immigration whereas most Leavers will tell you right out it's about getting back control. For such negligence, Mrs May must go. Brexit must be led by a Brexiter.
The Maybot has resorted to Brexit Bribery.
"Asked if the questions related to #Trump’s 2016 campaign or that year’s #Brexit vote, Corsi said: “Predominantly US politics, but of course Brexit was in the background.” #Farage #Ukip #MuellerInvestigation #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
Now the UK government has fucked Wales?
When remain supporters said we would be leaving SM/CU (&amp; pointed out the harmful effects) the leave advocates dismissed this as Project Fear. Meanwhile plenty of hard Brexit people lied that leaving would be simple &amp; quick and that “only a madman would leave the SM”
Be careful, you'll Brexit!
It is not Brexit. Labour’s position is irrelevant; they are not in power, do not have a majority, are not negotiating. . is. She has failed.
Has George Soros bought the #DailyMail ? it used to be pro-brexit, now done a "180"
Taking them away could be one Brexit positive. Can't think of any others.
We did find out, the majority of people voted out. It didn’t say anything about a deal, it said leave. If you recall, project fear was in full swing and we was threatened with economic catastrophe if we voted leave. But we did anyway. Why? Because Brexit isn’t about economics.
Brexit: May 'blocked unilateral offer for EU citizens' rights' last June
Theresa May's Brexit is a fake.
#isitok that I still really hate Brexit? And that I think that it’s just going to make our lives shitter?
This is what prompted a firestorm of criticism from the left yesterday: Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Listen do you want to be on the wrong side of history or on the right side? You lot know leaving the Eu is a bad idea, and most members of the public are not reading ‘Brexit impact papers’ or even know what GDP is....you lot need to put the brakes on.
Brexit? Who mentioned Brexit ? Ha your obsessed. Maybe get a hobby, go for a walk, find a safe space, something.
It is take it or leave it - or rather don't leave it. It's this WA or most likely we will lose Brexit.
Brexit deal explained = it's a betrayal of the British people ,you and your cabinet are a disgrace. None of you are fit to clean the toilets in Westminster let alone hold public office
May deserves all she gets &amp; more. She has betrayed brexit, made no attempt at negotiating a real agreement &amp; sold out.this country. Should have been.impeached for treason by now.
I’m afraid that this puts your loyalty to May ahead of both your Tory Party &amp; your country. If you had any real common sense &amp; understanding of this Withdrawal Agreement, you would vote this down to preserve U.K. sovereignty &amp; actually meet your Brexit manifesto promises.
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
Gibraltar has a booming economy as a fiscal /investment trading hub,and tax free status. Even after the Ref. Having mirrored the City, they prepared and resigned themselves to preparing for life after Brexit and look forward to cementing new deals. There is low unemployment ..
#isitok that I saw this brexit nightmare happening?
Brexit can’t take away Beatles For Sale and that’s the important thing
The elite #BackTheBrexitDeal and that should raise alarmbells. The raison d'etre of Brexit is to lessen worker rights and turn the U.K into another Singapore. Question is -how many days of annual leave will you lose? 14, or 21?#ToriesOut
There is no "magic" in this EU deal. It is a tale spun by fools, in the hopes that fools follow blindly. All it will lead to, is a nowhere land, somewhere in between here and there, which will make our international standing weaker than it is already.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
The #Brexit deal explained in eight seconds by Clay Davis via
Aye, i watched the interview earlier ... think we may be talking about brexit until 29th March 2019 ...
DUP to 'revisit' support for govt if Brexit deal passed via
Brexit will create opportunities for UK, AstraZeneca chief says #Brexit #DUP18
Well, actually, some of them ARE Disgusted of #TunbridgeWells! I’m in TW, &amp; I - &amp; MANY others - are thoroughly disgusted with the whole lamentable shitshow that is #Brexit. Are you listening, ? #PeoplesVote #bollockstobrexit
Looks like America and England share the same disdain for elderly.
Of course we all know what will happen, , and the government will sacrifice him on the altar of Brexit trade deals, arms deals, etc., this government disgusts me, it is corrupt to the core.
Exit Brexit.
128 days and it's all over the hurdles and time have thankfully stacked against the Brexit and deal at any cost. No Deal is exactly what the preparation should be geared towards as that's what we are leaving with.
BBC host in HEATED debate with Alastair Campbell as he outlines plans to THWART Brexit -
What a load of rubbish. As a taxpayer I strongly object to my money being spent on such drivel - there are better things to spend my taxes on , e.g. NHS, Care of the Elderly, Police, Prison Service,....Cancel BREXIT and save all us taxpayers a lot of wasted Government spending
The idea Brexiteers are ones “wagging the dog” is laughable. Brexit side won the referendum &amp; yet there is nothing close to the no-single market, no-customs Union, they were promised by the PM. Remain MPs have done all they can to sabotage leaving &amp; have done all the wagging
So it's clear that in the UK case, it's happening across both remainers and leavers. Big question is whether this is because voters assume the issue of migration has been 'fixed' by Brexit. I wonder if there might be a similar issue with American voters and Trump.
We need to face up to who we really are. Brexit is teaching us that.
Unfortunately that video doesn't interpret the reality of this brexit deal. Free trade isnt 'free'! Still bound to EU rules. No 'vast sums', OK, how much will be sent? End of ECJ jurisdiction - that's a lie. Trade deals - but the EU dictates which ones. Fisheries? More lies #lies
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Rising recession risk leaves Europe acutely vulnerable to no-deal Brexit shock #TrendingNow #News #Trending
#isitok the Downing Street cat could organise brexit easier than Theresa may
What it was an aberration for Spain, was to enter EU with a colony in their land, by a supposedly Friend. Gibraltar has never been nothing more than a refuge for buccaneers and tax doggers.
So the chemist bounced back a dabigatran prescription today saying it was unavailable. Anyone else had this? A taste of post-Brexit Britain?
#isitok that I saw all this brexit nightmare happening but my Doctor poo-pooed it?
"A Steaming Pile of Horse Manure."
I don't believe it is anything to do with Tommy. People are waiting desperately to see Brexit happen. The Tories need to oust T May what she has done is diabolical to the Leavers of this country. She has strung us along. Many Cons will be joining Ukip if she goes ahead.
hahahahahahahaahaaha lets see if he'll give up catalunya or spains land in Morocco. No? ok pal.
treasa may after BREXIT
And Brexit was entirely avoidable. Cameron chose to have that referendum. We can’t avoid having elections where idiots and the ignorant make a poor choice.
For as long as Theresa May and other big shots keep putting their own interests first over the best interests of the ppl and also as long as they're getting paid under the table possibly by foreign govts., the UK will get a bad deal out of Brexit.
Remain now looking the most likely outcome. May's comments about no Brexit &amp; no 2nd Ref bravura and/or her intention to propose Remain as PM if her deal fails. Would save the Tory Party from the Brexiters &amp; ive hope for GE in 2022
Did I say that? Of course you can be Remain without the hashtag. But I joined FBPE to link with others who share a common cause - stop Brexit - no other agenda. I don’t think that meets the definition of a cult, do you?
Come on Tom. You’re better than that. It’s undemocratic because we’ve only just voted to Brexit &amp; it hasn’t even been implemented yet. To have another vote would make a mockery of democracy &amp; would create calls for second votes after every outcome the minority don’t accept.
"#Science News: How Scotland's science minister aims to protect research from Brexit #News #WorldNews":
#Brexit -er claims trade with Moldova (poorest country in Europe) will replace lost trade with EU single market ...
If, in the future we appointed a politician like we would just tear it up as it’s not in the UK’s interest. We’re too soft.
#Reesemoggcannotorganise Bojo slamming the pm into a decent Brexit deal
Spanish prime minister threatens to ‘veto Brexit’ and warns EU summit may be called off in public warning over Gibraltar
They have been deceived Mrs May -haven’t delivered the brexit they wanted its nonsense to suggest otherwise. You’ve got the best deal you could with the hand in the cookie jar of Europe. Let it go and give it to the people give them the true brexit and you will win their support
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
BBC News - North Wales Police chief 'gagged' over Brexit fears #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #bbcnewsten #londontonight #bbclondonnews #PeoplesVote
Join only sensible way to fight for Brexit
It’s official. The EU are really crap at doing trade deals. #EU #Brexit
'We're on a conveyor belt towards the abattoir' - utterly withering critique of May and her deal by .
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue.
Yes Mervyn King!
Ah chill-out you big ultra-legalist. You've clearly not been listening to our most prominent Brexit expert, Ray Bassett.
Not Theresa May's 585 page Brexit Withdrawal method that has got stuck in a muddy border.
When you’re the dog whistle, don’t be surprised when the fucken rottweilers turn up, you racist prick.
Unfortunate shot in own foot, or hostile environment, you decide... ...either way, how much will this encourage post-Brexit 'high skills' immigration?
this says it all please retweet
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists | World news | The Guardian
spot on, Nick... and England is also a grotesquely obscene example of rich/poor imbalance... #brexit was/is a disaster in the making... deliberate?? #stopbrexit #peoplesvote
Not sure what it is but don't really think it's that
100pc. The Brexit "stab in the back" myth must be stopped.
May says there is no better Brexit deal for the British People than the one she has cobbled together and that everyone slates. There is an obvious one - it's called Remain! And it's the sensible option for sensible people (not Little Englanders) who cherish a United Kingdom.
Pity that Starmer has had no plan, has never been clear, and is a lackey that will vote for a Hard BREXIT when Jeremy tells him too, this man lost all credibility along time ago. #PeoplesVote
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
Given Spain's attitude around Brexit and Gibraltar why don't we simply stop all UK holiday flights and hotel bookings for 2019? That might focus their discussions back to 2019.....
Brexit. Do we need the DUP? What do they bring to the floor? I have no idea why they think it is so important. Unless anybody knows different? I don’t!
voting the unamended deal through makes stopping Brexit infinitely less likely; no deal is NOT the only alternative and it's 'fake news' to imply that it is.
obviously hasn't listened to the public or yra elled around the UK especially to the places now devoid of EUSF and EURF and of course where jobs have been lost, almost 200k jobs. I'm not surprised she is towing the line she thinks she has to.. #denial #Brexit
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
“ : 'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
Sounds reasonable.
Ou future depends on doing the right thing.... Yep, we're so boned.
Nae bad chief, worried I might be Brexit secretary soon since everyone else has had a go
Spain can fuck off. Theresa May can join them in fucking off.
Yes yes yes
#isitok that the 10 Downing Street cat can probably do a better job at getting a deal on Brexit than Teresa May
Odd thing is if a remain mastermind had decided to come up with a plan to divorce the brexiteers from Leave voters, May’s Brexit is what they would have come up with. It does nothing but target the FoM that Brexiteers only ever pretended to care about to get support.
If Labour are incapable of Opposing #Brexit whilst in Opposition, perhaps we can ensure they never get the chance to Govern in Government. #PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay with a #StopBrexit #Remain option. Confirm the majority Will don't Thwart it.
From the Department of Government Misinformation - propaganda to rival other Dictatorships!
#reesmoggcannotorganise Brexit
There will be nobody in work soon those Brexit bast ards should be hung drawn and quartered.
Is that why people like Rees-Mogg support Brexit? Because they want to see socialism in the UK and the EU is stopping that? The UK isn't even close to the most socialist nation in the EU. The idea the EU is in anyway holding the UK back from a bright socialist future is a joke.
"it's simply wrong to make a treaty about the future of our entire nation which forbids us to leave without the permission of the other party. Mrs May is proposing to put us more absolutely under a foreign power than we are as EU members. This suggests not courage, but blindness"
Raise your hand if you would have voted for Brexit if you knew it would mean having less control over our country.... I see a couple of hands... Not quite 16/17 million though...
When #Brexit meets #BlackFriday
Great scoop from - PM planning to put flesh on the bones of her pledge to end free movement just before the meaningful vote.
The elite #BackTheBrexitDeal and that should raise alarmbells. The raison d'etre of Brexit is to lessen worker rights and turn the U.K. into another Singapore. Question is...how many days of annual leave will you lose? 7? 14? 21? #ToriesOut
We treat it poorly if its not in the papers ! Really I am in a state of despair and disillusionment like so many of my leave voting friends. At this rate we will all sit on our hands at the next election. How can May think Brexit is only about FOM ?
"I see your dog has no nose." "That's right. Brexit made our vet go back to Poland." "How does he smell?" "I don't remember and he's in Poland." "I mean your dog." "Ah... like bullshit."
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
A reminder: everything the pm announces regarding immigration will be within the legal definition of the free movement directive.
#ICYMI: Theresa May refuses to address resignation rumours post-Brexit #Brexit
Evening top 5: Spain suggests Brexit summit may be off; Mullingar 40-year football bans; and 'Rogue' Daniel O'Donnell:
Spanish PM Threatens to Cancel Sunday Brexit Summit Over Gibraltar Dispute
Lol, “a proper Brexit” - so you will be fighting against the majority opinion now? Brexit in any form will seriously harm the UK. just stop peddling this ridiculous idea that Brexit is in any way good for the UK?
The latest The #StopBrexit Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Well said!
I thought I understood the latest deal was we’d have our own immigration policy, Court ruling, free to negotiate deals outside of EU etc. only controlled by EU re movement of goods re border controls. Sounds better than Brexit to me or am I missing something?
Same re Brexit
May used hard Brexiteers as chief negotiators and both were too incompetent to deliver the Brexit of their dreams that’s stone cold fact. Oh and why is your version the RIGHT one, cos the ballot paper DID NOT specify hard, soft or medium rare.
Imaging an "easteuropean" government blocking an #EU-summit for simple nation-internal reasons... (Spain also boycotted #Westbalkan summit).
When did any of 17.4m ask for a deal - we only asked to leave EU - that’s what brexit means - deal is entirely a different matter
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue.
Gabby’s Great #Brexit Bake Off cheers #TheresaMay after ‘tough week’
#Brexit -er punts solution to Gibraltar issue ...
Confused about Brexit options? "Click on the buttons above to explore some Brexit scenarios"
So do you like the PM’s brexit plan ?
Pretty good summary of upcoming #brexit timeline, as a flowchart because so many unknowns. Disturbing probabilities, but pressure from public can still shift outcome!
Strange that was one of the reasons I gave for voting Remain in 2016.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Well said , my heroine.
'The question for me is not how did Leave manage to inch past Remain, it is how did Remain manage to get such a high level of support. The answer..is obviously because the government, the civil service and all its allies did everything it could muster.'
Theresa May desperate to get her bad deal through Parliament, trying ever dirty trick in the book. She’ll make an announcement to curb low skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote to bribe MPs. Nobody is buying it
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Gibraltar has worked with Spain on Brexit deal, chief minister says
They aren’t being impacted in any way and so to an extent think it is fake news. I have friends who openly claim to ‘struggle’ on £200k per year, Brexit and the Tories, especially Boris, will solve their rl woes
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected - Is her IQ really that low? We didn't vote for a poxy deal we voted to leave!
Oh God I hate the Brexit fuckers so much, I’m sorry, but you are just awful.
Scottish salmon producers say May's Brexit plans pose "serious questions"
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
#ImACeleb #imacelebrity #imacelebrity2018 You are doing a FANTASTIC job :) #BRexit #UK
North Wales Police chief 'gagged' over #Brexit fears #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit
#reesmoggcannotorganise a legitimate reason why the investment company he still owns a share of and draws a salary from have opened an office in Dublin whilst he says publicly that #brexit is a good idea. #isitok #TheLastLeg
Maudlin sentimentality from one who went to Westminster School and another who’d have been banging the drum for Lexit if it wasn’t for that speedboat. “Fairytale” is the Christmas anthem of hard brexit with no lubrication.
#reesmoggcannotorganise setting up his business in Ireland to avoid the chaos of Brexit... oh wait...
"I believe Brexit presents more opportunities than threats" - Former Scottish Enterprise chief executive Jack Perry #Brexit #DUP18
I still like the Shipping Forecast &amp; The Archers but all of the 'news' based stuff is toxic BBC is losing the very people who were once staunch supporters of public service broadcasting How sad
If she was a decent person she would get much sympathy, but the woman is a raving robotic lunatic, sincerely hope everything crumbles for her including #Brexit
So if we’d voted Remain, but Parliament decided to Leave, that would be fine because the referendum was only advisory? Or is it only advisory if you don’t like the result?
10... 9... 8... 7... (cue FBPE bot: 'but more people will die due to Brexit...')...
Or to put it another way, can you wave the flag for racism enough to distract people from reality?
‘Brexit’ does no longer exist! Killed by the Establishment.
why can’t all parties come together for the decision of brexit, instead of fighting with each other over what’s best for the country.
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected doomed if you do, damned if you don't!
Disappointed in you Andrea, if it's not law it either won't happen or it will be watered down like Brexit itself.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue.
How ironic the party of brexit don’t believe in the UK jobs are being lost all over the uk 450 at Rosyth how are you supporting Rosyth and eastcoast shipbuilding
I think a lot of his original support was from people who didn’t realise he was pro brexit. Given that brexit is a kick in the teeth to the young, that realisation is not helping him
A strange situation. Brextremists screech that UK has no Sovereignty. But will also screech “How dare those nasty individual countries have a veto on future UK trade”. They haven’t realised we always had a veto on Treaty change too. #Brexit
Let's hope he's as loyal to her as the DUP.
Just looked at my timeline waaay too much Brexit. Cats &amp; cricket tomorrow. Sorry!
UK would need EU banks help in no deal Brexit! #BrexitDeal #Brexit #Brexitbill #BrexitReady #BrexitReality #peoplesvote
Brexit is *not* a debate about marginal changes to frictional cost of trade with EU. It is about democracy &amp; sovereignty, with UK governance to be held to account by UK voters.
I voted Brexit and have not changed my mind. In fact I don't know anyone who voted Brexit that has changed their mind. Have met a few remainers who have said if there was another vote they would vote leave as the Democratic vote was to leave.
20 mins ago I was bangin it out to sulta now I’m in Eccles spoons talking about Brexit with some random guy what year is it
If he doesn't come out against it, yes. If it happens it will be owned by the people who advocated it and the people who could have opposed it and didn't. It will Corbyn's and the Tories' fault, for a Corbyn's and Tories' Brexit. Bad things happen if good people let them happen.
But just because it's possible doesn't mean she will entertain it. The lengths the gov have gone to, to fight this shows they are worried about the public finding that brexit can be cancelled. Which is interesting. Perhaps it's because May claimed brexit couldn't be halted
Impatience shouldn’t trump reasoning.
As I said Brexit is the iceberg. Tell me please how is a no deal better the Than the one we currently have . Please enlighten me
Could they be onto something here... May's #Brexit deal getting through. and
's hoping to see all his chums who in the salad days moved to the Dordogne, Tuscany and Crete return to post Brexit 1950s Britain and live near him in Salisbury #bbcaq
#isitok that even the only gave the issues of poverty in Britain only half a sentence amongst all the brexit chat.
I don't just think Brexit is in jeopardy, Caroline, I think it's virtually dead. The 'deal' is not Brexit and will be voted down anyway. The house won't support no deal so what does that leave? Remain or people's vote (which may be the same thing). A complete &amp; utter sell out.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue.
June 2016: bloke votes for #Brexit coz he thinks we'll Remain anyway ...
Just look who you are in bed with on this issue, the dregs of the radical left led by the likes of Lammy. You are establishment through and through apart from Brexit. Sorry but Britain needs more than a one trick pony. Gerard sees it, you do not.
This sort of thing is why I am prepared to put up with a hell of a lot of lesser evilism from Labour
She wrote to party members on 3rd August promising to end jurisdiction of ecj and leave CU, she's said it 21 times in parliament. She has gone behind the back of brexit secretaries to offer the EU a CU. She shouldn't get abuse, she should have had the decency to resign.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Go, You Slippery Incompetent ...&gt;Theresa May refuses 3 times to deny she'll resign if her Brexit deal is defeated
Not that surprising if you price-in the recent p*sspoor largely absent performance of Corbyn Labour on Brexit. Which was likely a reasonably significant factor in these small local votes.
N. Irish Party says it can leave the May government if the Brexit deal continues
So the obvious thing to do is cancel Brexit and have a fry up, you still get that patriotic feeling only a full English can provide, but without fucking the economy and scapegoating immigrants like a racist prick.
EU, UK agree to mention #Gibraltar in #Brexit paper on future ties
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue.
I'm not joking you have been taken for a ride by the tax avoiding tories. I have no reason to lie, I informed myself about how new tax evasion laws coincidence with brexit you should have, the UK is finished because of their greed. I'll project my grandkids &amp; future generations!
Who is excited? NEW BLOG POST up Sunday at 8am GMT, all about the future of the #Brexit deal! check out the blog at #EU #democracy #May #Labour #Corbyn #remain #leave #backstop #ECJ #NorthernIreland
N. Irish Party says it can leave the May government if the Brexit deal continues
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
Crap plan and hard brexit is better, at least we gain control and sovereignty
Dear if you break it, you've bought it
N. Irish Party says it can leave the May government if the Brexit deal continues
Have you read Marina Hyde’s columns on this whole sorry fiasco? Every time I see his name now I read it with the prefix ‘Brexit Spokesprick’
Good on you!
#BBC #itvnews #Government #Brexit what is wrong with you all? It has been the #EU that has made it difficult for the #UK in getting good deal for #Britain. #PrimeMinister #Number10 has done what she could, dont delude yourselves you could of done better #EU ruined the #UK
N. Irish Party says it can leave the May government if the Brexit deal continues
From CLECAT high handles 80% of EU imports "Modern Customs legislation provides for numerous simplifications and facilitations through which goods can move across borders unhindered" #Brexit #DUP18
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue.
It’s no longer the Brexiteers’ Brexit.
Thoughts on the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement &amp; why (as has become very apparent) it leaves no one happy. Feedback always welcome &amp; if you fancy hearing more of my musings you can subscribe through the link #MaysDeal
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
Actually what I find eye catching about this survey is that only 31 of the 75 Japanese companies in the UK responded to the Nikkei survey. Presumably the rest were rightly who tfk about Brexit.
So what did this idiot spend his time doing for six months as brexit secretary, obviously not very much
Every politician trying to make a name for themselves threatening to vote against the deal, trying to oust . You’re all playing with the British people’s future. Just back the PM and get us a deal! #brexit #betterthannodeal #labour #DUP #Conservatives #snp #europe
I agree, but it does NOT follow that we should therefore Remain. On the contrary, it just reinforces that no deal is better than a bad deal. #RejectTheDeal
Please define a proper Brexit, is it one that makes people better off or worse off. Hint, I know the answer!
Remain now looking the most likely outcome. May's comments about no Brexit &amp; no 2nd Ref bravura and/or her intention to propose Remain as PM if her deal fails. Would save the Tory Party from the Brexiters &amp; ive hope for GE in 2022
Well the majority like myself should have done some homework before putting that little x on the paper and forcing the hand of the Government !! Just because many have changed their mind doesn't mean it should just be scrapped or abandoned... Brexit is happening simple as that!
#FBPE "the movement" isnt. But some "trusted members" who use it are, including some who have stayed "under the radar" so fr &amp; have just emerged in their true colours.... Some are also anti-Tory &amp;/or anti-personality.
#isitok Thinks it's brexit's fault that we have homeless people on our streets. #badform
You’re so right - the desperation and dishonesty of the May team is now oozing out all over the place. An honest delivery of Brexit is what we are entitled to and what we must achieve
define irony : country votes for brexit mostly because of "uncontrolled immigration" then cheeky bastards jump on a boat and come accross the channel :') well... i dont think we should house them, more swap them for the woman who iran have in their jail who's a brit
June 2016: woman votes #Brexit coz Thatcher closed local mines &amp; steelworks...
Every mp that supports 's #Brexit deal should be charged with HIGH TREASON.
Things the government are ignoring due to #Brexit .... Appropriate #NHS funding A new #GP contract
Not a shred of evidence for this claim. Bodes ill for future, then it is not going to happen.....
I thought all problems are solved with Brexit.. #Borissaid
“No deal” IS Brexit. That’s what we voted for. Leave.
BBC host in heated debate with Alastair Campbell as he outlines plans to thwart #Brexit
Back in brexit blighty the last trip before we really are out blue passports empire 2.0 and all that bollox
This is true isn’t it? In which case the EU has made the most of the Brexit crisis and subdued 28 countries under its control. May was probably in cahoots.
Poor guy looks tired.... Brexit wearing him out... He needs his rest
I think the point is, things worked just fine before the EU and, despite the most hyperbolic efforts of Project Fear, things will be just fine post Brexit. I think sorting out the endemic poverty is a bigger issue than the preoccupations of the liberal middle class though.
SHE IS BOTH. A FILTHY TRAITOR
Look at this thread though, remainers demanding apologies from the BBC for being too "populist" and for letting journos challenge remain. Madness!
Further attempts are expected from unvetted, ILLEGAL, potentially criminal migrants/terrorists to get across the channel in rafts before the borders tighten up post Brexit. Solution? A Navy destroyer patrolling the Strait with orders to destroy all boats carrying illegals.
Not at all shady....
80% of Irish cheddar &amp; 90% of Irish mushrooms are sold to the UK. Similar story for most agri food. #DUP18 #Brexit
If you’re a Priest in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this failure! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
It's Lord Hain Basil, what else can you expect??
Write drunk, edit sober and Dan Hodges was obviously on the gin prior to writing his fictional horror tale about leavers causing the problems with Brexit. There is no such thing as freedom of choice unless there is freedom to refuse.
From the people who are desperate to sell their 'cherished island nation' off to the highest bidder #Brexit
No deal is better than the current deal.The Tories have sold the UK down the river, &amp; that’s from a Tory voter. The EU has shown it’s true colors &amp; Brits don’t want any part of it. Get out now Trouble is the May gang could turn over government to rabid socialists.Which is worse ?
Oh look, some "moderate" Blairite &amp; Clintonist policies
I have tried to be polite but you are talking shit.
Does she really believe FOM was the only reason we voted for Brexit? She hasn't a clue.
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Nonsense to suggest Brexit is to blame for homelessness when it's Tory policy that is causing it. #thelastleg
I work in the medical profession. For a patient to consent to medical treatment, they must do so knowing the correct information, the risks, and the benefits, they must have appropriate info to make an INFORMED consent. But apparently INFORMED consent doesn't apply in Brexit.
Tutt....You don't seem to be able to get your head around the facts do you? Brexit secretaries weren't involved in Brexit. It was Ollie and May. The double act.
has no shame.
See Paul Mason news about Brexit
Do you think Brexit will hurt the church?
"Its too late to get a better deal". Then 1. What the hell have you guys been negotiating for the last 2 years, and 2. JUST WALK AWAY. Sounds like we're getting a lame duck of a deal anyway - WALK AWAY. #brexit #NoDeal #NoDealBrexit
The UK stands to lose entire industries. They won’t return. Or we could just… stop Brexit.
WHO DO YOU BELIEVE OFFERS "YOU" THE BEST OPTION OF "BREXIT" ?
And 65% of all containers are bound for the GB market anyhow &gt;&gt;About 80 per cent of all Irish goods exported to continental Europe go via the Channel Tunnel between England and France. #DUP18 #Brexit
The Mash Report, a BBC programme, laying into the BBC's Andrew Neil over his lack of impartiality and misogyny towards . #BBC #Brexit #AndrewNeil
ANY Brexit deal will be considerably worse than remaining in the EU. The only people who will gain are RW fanatics or currency speculators.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
You really are there pits. 2.5years you have been whining and you blame leave voters for a Remain-driven brexit. Have you been drinking?
That’s the brexit benefit in full swing.
Is that because the government will give the EU control of our waters in this terrible deal? Hardly brexiteers fault
Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war - The Independent~~more nonsense from The Independent.
Brexit means brexit. You've told us that leave voters knew what they were voting for, well this is it. This is what you voted for...
, , (and any other) #brexit commentator: why are we seeking ‘approval’ on the basis of a deal from EU states before our own people (i.e. parliament)? I just don’t understand the logic. Surely if EU states like it, it does not bode well for Blighty?
Some clarity amid the Brexit noise - MoneyWeek
Spanish PM Threatens to Cancel Sunday Brexit Summit Over Gibraltar Dispute: via
The #Brexit Saga: The prequels are set before the referendum, and the sequels are set after the deal has been made. #TheresaMay
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
I think that the county so get a move on about the brexit deal and get over it
Because brexit isn't in jeopardy already? You're now just another MP who refuses to acknowledge the west has a massive problem with Islam.
I think that Corbyn did offer something, not exactly new, rather retro. It was new to a lot of younger folk. Yvette offered more of what people were familiar with. Now, was it a positive thing that Corbyn was offering? Many at time thought so, but now less do because of Brexit.
#Brexit campaigner favours Brexit on grounds that it will "benefit our security"...
#Brexit continues UK tradition of blaming the Irish for their own #BrexitShambles ignorant delusions and folly as convenient scapegoats. #Ireland is progressing into a bright future in the 21st century while #UK is regressing backwards into xenophobia, bigotry, hate and racism.
May has a pathological issue with migration of peoples. As Home Secretary she repeatedly missed targets on reduction and bore the brunt of the tabloids. May chooses to frame Brexit as ending FoM. It is deeply personal and will have repercussions. She is a cold damaged woman.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
I see ye have a rampant outbreak of AEDS (Arse Elbow Differentiation Syndrome)in the Oxford Union. Brexit is a shambles, the massive lack of respect by UK of other nations has shown how how deranged the logic behind Brexit is.
The truth is no one knows if Brexit would pass a second time. Another truth... voting to remain didn’t pass the second time round.
Tbh Nigel, tommy is probably going a good thing for UKIP. Just think how many followers he has and how many extra voters they’ll get. Brexit can’t be in any more jeopardy than it already is. TM has seen to the weakest brexit “deal” imaginable. Get behind your party.
#reesmoggcannotorganise a way to cash-in on #Brexit amongst his friends and their financial advisers... Oh no, sorry, that's the one thing he has organised.
True. I think there is the Brexit-will-really-damage-UK reason to support the Peoples Vote, but as you say other reasons: a more general 'parliament is just stuck' argument for it. And a process-oriented one: only fair to sign off on a huge decision once the shape of it is known.
You're our new Brexit minister?
DUP leader: we cannot support Brexit deal as it stands
obviously hasn't listened to the public or travelled around the UK especially to the places now devoid of EUSF and EURF and of course where jobs have been lost, almost 200k jobs. I'm not surprised she is towing the line she thinks she has to.. #denial #brexit
In some countries we’d regard that as corrupt. Maybe we should call it “embarrassing”
#reesmoggcannotorganise #thelastleg A list of people who support Teresa mays Brexit deal?
The fundamental problem with brexit was that it meant different things to different people. There are no turncoats, no traitors, just people with a different vision of brexit. Introducing the #BrexitBongaloo (thanks to Spike Milligan)
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
so what if we don't trade WTO based on fast tracked plans? i accept anything but (and a big BUT) handing over sovereignty to Europe or Argentina, these problem-makers won't make us wobble for pennies-discounted trade. #Brexit me
If they were swiftly and immediately returned it would be the biggest deterrent possible!!!
We scare people saying No Deal Brexit/Hard Brexit, use Switzerland as the goal, its rich beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving! They trade in &amp; outside of EU, &amp; so can we. Let's put The Great back in Britain and be like Switzerland, NoDeal= WTO the only way forward! Clean healthy living!
Aside from which, at #LE2018, the main pro-Brexit parties LOST 79 seats: Labour +77 The Conservatives -33 Ukip -123 The main ANTI-Brexit parties GAINED 83 seats: Liberal Democrats +75 The Green Party +8 The #LibDems GAINS, nearly matched those of Labour's.
This woman lost an election against Mr Moron and now she wants to share her wisdom with Europeans? Daring darling!
'Once May's Brexit deal is sunk, Corbyn must call an emergency Labour conference and back fresh referendum' - blogs
Not quite - FOM at extremely high personal social and monetary cost.. can’t claim to be a party of business: they introduced represent friction via xenophobic labour market restraint, anti-competition, &amp; #brexit protectionism..£££ Tories are investment deterrents
Gibraltar rocks final stages of Brexit negotiation
I agree, I've always found that to be really strange.I guess it has a lot to do with their history as a party,but that policy has been overdue for a change for a long time. And really strange that they focus on this issue now with the Brexit-trainwreck showing how wrong they are
More likely tied to EU rules at ALL future General Elections if this Withdrawal Agreement is approved by Parliament.
#reesmoggcannotorganise A reunion party for all the past and present Brexit Secretaries
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Catchy. Ours were brought up on The Singing Kettle, which raised a few eyebrows in rural Shropshire.. But I think Hamilton is better and more Political, with what calls The Brexit song - what comes next...
You’re a complete and utter traitor! Oh well, at least you’re set up for the rest of your days! Do you seriously expect us all to believe that you didn’t accept an under the table deal? I honestly cannot express enough the utter disappointment and downright shame I feel for you!
The UK's just hit Reality Central and it's a big shock, as reality so often is. There is no good Brexit. 'Soft' Brexit, which this is, indeed leaves the UK in a state of (likely perpetual) vassalage, shackled to rules it has no say in making. 1/
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype John Lichfield There is no offshore El Dorado. Any ‘betrayal’ of the fishing industry is by the UK government and big business, not the EU Fri 23 Nov 2018 15.40 GMT
Paul Krugman destroys Brexit argument with economic facts.
Dishonest. Heaping shame upon the office and thr nation. #Brexit
For competence or for biting his tongue on the Brexit deal and doing May’s dirty work by trying to persuade colleagues to vote for it?
May refuses THREE times to say whether she will quit if Brexit deal fails: The Prime Minister… #DailyMail #Politics
It is just me? Something here stinks of collusion, between the British government and the Eu to override the mandate the last election was fought on, both Conservatives and Labour vowed to honour Brexit, both are reneging now on that vow, the vote was explicitly to leave,
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
There's a difference between knowledge and understanding. #BrexitReality #PeoplesVote #Brexit.
Brexit means Brexit, but who said what? See if you can connect the quotes with the person.
One thing is clear. Whatever the motivation of these rich men who willed Brexit upon us, it sure as hell wasn’t patriotism.
I’ve already tweeted about HRC’s stance on immigrants but you couldn’t slide a piece of paper between what she had to say and a speech by Steve Bannon.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
EU plans to pile further pressure on May at the Brexit summit by declaring that the post-Brexit negotiations over fishing rights in UK waters would build on the current arrangements hated by the British fishing industry.
Ballymena United fans, you can only pick one, what is it? A: Brexit happens B: Ballymena win the Irish League
Quote "I'm being treated very well." I presume you don't allow her anywhere near FB or Twtr. Comments are near 100% anti TM Brexit policy.
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
About bloody time, too little too late if they don’t make themselves heard pronto
#reesmoggcannotorganise all the right wing nut jobs in his party to sign off on a no deal Brexit.
haciendo amigos: “At the same time, its foreign minister, Josep Borrell, has let fly by suggesting that Brexit could split apart the United Kingdom. He claims to be ‘very much more worried’ about the unity of the UK than of Spain”
Pledge is a meaningless platitude. The ‘deal’ is atrocious whichever way you look at it. But whichever way you look at it, is the beginning of the end of the Conversative govt. Not sure what’s worse, the Brexit deal or a Corbyn govt. A shameful fiasco.
Absolutely right Mr. Portillo. Brexit now.
Wonderful stuff as per.
More bribes from a desperate .. what next ?
And if we have a general election, still half of us will be non existent, because both main parties are pro Brexit!
It would shame a banana Republic
You are a goose Nigel. Your toffee nosed career politicans mind set is showing.
No deal no Brexit to think you fell like a mug for something that logically could never happen. You voted with your ignorance rather than your Brain. Knowing you would put thousands of fellow brits out of work. It sums you morons up. It’s all about you and not us. #StopBrexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
WE ARE ALL GOING TO DIE!!!!! #Brexit #AAAHHHH #Apocalypse #MashReport
I am drinking gin, as ever. This thread is pure Brexit drinking game material. You may have inadvertently devised a liver killer.
I must have missed the question about ending our free movement once and for all on the 23 June 2016 ballot paper.
Commons Clerk Torpedoes Remainers' Brexit Sabotage Hopes via
What say you ?
A wet salvation. #maga #mccann #brexit
Thats true and it was surprsing. Lib Dems failed to won anyone over by being the most vocal Remain party, however that was before the negotiations... Now it's plain to see that the lies of a fantasy Brexit will never come to fruition.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
....rocket science?
In a year when the EU is dead, I can say "told you so."
That’s like saying let the banks control themselves?
Tightening the screws on Brexit Britain over fishing rights. A taste of things to come.
A has been failed candidate still trying to remain relevant by espousing utter crap
Theresa May prepares to face biggest threat to date: the Tory party
CLECAT "freight forwarders, logistics.. providers &amp; customs brokers (that handle 60% of all transport &amp; 80% of all customs processes), will be perfectly able to ensure almost frictionless trade by using already existing technological means &amp; legal simplification #DUP18 #Brexit
In 1967 Franco closed the border between Gibraltar and Spain after Britain ignored the ONU 1966 resolution for which the Rock should go back to their rightful owners Spain. In 1975 the British were about to give up.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote Has this woman in shame?
If she uses another £1billion of our tax money in this way, she should be arrested for fraudulent use of public money.
"Who is supporting Brexit? The IoD, the Financial Times and The Sun." Not great company to be in, think about it.
We already trade to 111 countries on WTO terms #Brexit
Finally something to lift the doom n gloom of Brexit. That truly is an uplifting positive bit if news. Good on giving scumbags what they deserve.
There's nothing behind the curtain, people. We're giving up so much, for NOTHING.
Have you told that to your Brexit spokesman?
Brexit is a sort of East Germany scenario; companies and landlords forced to be a STASI-like unpaid eyes and ears of the immigration service.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Brexit was always about money, not immigration. It`s about the wealthy keeping even more of their money by paying little or no tax, by hiding it in the various dubious schemes available, that the EU was going to outlaw in, wait for it, 2019.
Thoughts on the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement &amp; why (as has become very apparent) it leaves no one happy. Feedback always welcome &amp; if you fancy hearing more of my musings you can subscribe through the link #MaysDeal
The EU generally prefers a consensus to a forced choice, especially when key national interests are involved. The idea that it's going to override a member in favour of a soon-to-be-non-member on something like this was never credible.
Picturing Theresa May as a 1970s housewife, hurling the Brexit casserole against the wall and telling her ungrateful husband and teenage sons they can cook their own bloody meals in future
"Brexit is out of no woods as long as Treason May is there." — Jeff Farnol
If hard Brexit happens, they will do the same, cap in hand, at Number 10.
I’m sure this principled government would never do something so low life as try and buy a MP’s silence over ‘the Brexit deal’ this way? As I’m sure said Tory MP would be too principled to be bought!
Who'd've thunk? Anyone in the UK who contracts with a person resident in the EU after Brexit, will still have a contract that comes under ECJ jurisdiction. Oooops.
Is too stupid to understand that his fantasy of #Brexit was never attainable and will never be attainable. Should he now support retain as it would give UK a part in decision making? #skypapers #PeoplesVote
Erm, then #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #StopBrexitSaveBritain
after we get our blue passports we need a good war with spain to show them who gibraltar really belongs to. get the wallops dished up like we did to their armada.
The Catalan government supports London against the Spanish threats to boycott the agreement by Brexit #Brexit #Catalonia #CatalanRepublic
Mrs May will try to persuade MPs to support her crappy deal because to not do so would result in a devastatingly shitty No Deal. This is just simply not true. Not supporting a crappy deal can mean No #Brexit instead, which will only be shitty for Mogg and Dorries.
For me the issue is about people having a choice. It's lot clearer now how things might be for UK in event of brexit. Also clearer as to how EU works, what's positive, negative etc. It's all our futures and I feel it's for us citizens to decide what happens and not politicians.
There were many versions of what leaving Europe meant in the leave camp. Some stated we wouldn’t leave the customs union, some said that we’d be like Norway, who are in the single market. Many forms of Brexit which has been the issue all along.
After more than two years the Brexit project, founded on lies, is about to take its rightful place in history. #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit
I too voted for brexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
In answer to your questions: 1. No 2. Yes because many more Scots are much more aware of the facts than they were in 2014 which is reflected in the polls 3. The #Brexit shambles has changed many minds!
Best option now is hard brexit, take the pain, regroup and move on
We need you here though. To keep fighting against Brexit for us. Thank you.
80% of Irish poultry exports go to the UK - Irish Farmers Association #Brexit #DUP18 #Brexit
Dear PM, I voted out in the referendum, I voted for you... why do you keep saying you will deliver Brexit, the Brexit you offer is not the zero EU influence/control Brexit we all voted for. Having no intention of using the back stop does not negate it's terrible
Implications. The Irish are wagging the EU dog's tail and would be able to lock us in to all that we want nothing to do with. You promised to deliver our Brexit not tour's. I fear civil war if that promise is not kept. No deal puts us in control and is far superior to tour's..
There is always the proposed 'managed no deal brexit' as an alternative to May's deal. FOM was my second priority after EU being unreformable unless we left. Boris and co care more about the economic side than many Labour leave voters. I wont vote Tory again if she allows 2nd ref
Read/peruse the stream - bloody hell
We voted for WTO Brexit.
Talking to a Brexshitter is like... #BrexitShambles #Brexit
If the script was was written by Tory HQ it couldn't be more sycophantic. Reporters! They get trained in this?
No such thing as no deal brexit were supposed to leave and re negotiate with the world
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
All versions of Brexit mean less control. If I can get my neighbours to sign up to an agreement where they agree to put out their bins on a certain day and not have any bonfires or raves in their back garden so long as I don’t, then I’ve gained more sovereignty not less.
Shocking. Amazing that so many of the UK voters in the referendum, who voted leave followed and supported the likes of #Farage and his vision for a future UK outside the EU. #Brexit #BrexitAgreement
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected Nor will you call it off now or we'll paraylise the country
I think the Tories will pay for their betrayal at the general election. The voting numbers will be down because there is no point in voting when the result clearly states a mandate and the politicians say they will respect the vote and then don't.
LOL - “A Proper Brexit” which is what exactly? Trying to push through something that will seriously harm the UK is just insane. Honest collaborative discussions with the electorate &amp; across all political parties about the good of the country is the right way forward #PeoplesVote
Cynical. Smart politicians won't vote for her treasonous surrender and capitulation.
Brexit: May says EU won’t offer ‘better arrangement’ if assention rejected
This is difference is a clear opinion. As opposed to a 48/52 vote, which is undecided.
Rumour that PM believes that she can create knights that say N(on ou Ou)i ? #brexit
Let me look into my crystal ball ...... you are about to agree with my deal
Any kind of Brexit deal... #reesmoggcannotorganise #thelastleg
Shy should resign and leave brexit deal to Jacob, Boris and bring Nigel in . And that Dennis from the Labour party. He's always been a true Patriot , we should just leave with no deal. Plus his That Spanish delegate going to give us Menorca back if he wants Gibraltar. No he isn't
Peoples’ vote coming to a polling station near you-heard May on , unconvincing, her heart is not in it, you could hear it in her voice
– Spanish PM Threatens to Cancel Sunday Brexit Summit Over Gibraltar Dispute
Love 40 then May's team loses game set and match from a Leaver's Ace!
ALEX BRUMMER: A no vote for the PM's #Brexit plan would be a #Market shock... but there could be a silver lining
I haven't listened to politics in a little while, how's Brexit going? Is it going good? I feel like it's going good.
#MashReport absolutely demolishing arguments defending their Brexit coverage, Andrew Neil being abusive to female journalists &amp; constantly giving airtime to right wing liars about Brexit, immigrant ion &amp; climate change. watch #bbc2 and hang your heads in shame
Finally something to lift the doom n gloom of Brexit. That truly is an uplifting positive bit of news. Good on giving scumbags what they deserve.
Totally agree : they wanted to screw us good and proper !
Some bedtime reading.
Watching #theMashReport and I’ve come to realise far too many “remainers” are soooooo butt hurt over Brexit!
So many lies in this. #Brexit
Theresa May accused of 'cronyism' after handing knighthood to Brexit-backing MP weeks before key vote via
Brexit apocalypse
#Brexit guru Liam Fox says Brexit will be easy...
perfectly put
The elite #BackTheBrexitDeal and that should raise alarm bells! The raison d'etre of Brexit is to attack worker rights and turn the U.K. into another Singapore. Question is...how many days of annual leave will you lose? 7? 14? 21? #ToriesOut
MPs take an oath to act in the best interests of the country. Therefore cannot vote for her own Brexit deal
what is european coverage of brexit deal and likelihood of getting through parliament ??
He's ridiculous and dangerous. Calling EU27 citizens here "close to vile" is not just fake news it's also hate inciting and criminal. We will not forget. I used to look up to the BBC. Another Brexit disillusion.
A leaked draft statement, due to be published and agreed by the EU’s leaders at the summit, says it expects such a deal to be agreed by July 2020, and that it must protect the current rights of European fishing fleets to exploit British waters.
DISGUSTING despicable Despot
Would market shock force UK parliament's hand on Brexit? - Reuters
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Kudos to getting a Bobby Ewing reference into the Brexit debate on
Let's hope their last desperate public grabs for power do not go unnoticed and these tyrants can be defeated.
“Varadkar leads a minority government in need of support from Irish nationalists.” Wait, what?
No. She isn't. She's hoping to SHAFT the country. #DumpMay #VoteTheDealDown
He is supporting Brexit which is screwing up my life and the lives of my German wife and children. This need not be. Remaining would inconvenience nobody. Don't talk to me about Corbyn's principles.
at a time when brexit is threatening the peace process, british politicians are bringing up "the Irish problem" again and an Irish player is getting racially abused in the premier league for refusing to wear a poppy.. well what did you fucking expect?
MPs take an oath to act in the best interests of the country. Therefore cannot vote for her own Brexit deal
Spain to the rescue? #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #Spain #HandsOffGibraltar
#EU won't offer 'better deal' on #Brexit - May
And go ahead with “no deal” which will give us the brexit we voted for
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Can I have my licence fee back total propoganda
Intv w illustrates failed “centrism” w/no answer to the right. If you can’t say 1) people SHOULD be mad at growing inequality but 2) migration GOOD for economies ( then you’re too compromised for 2018.
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence Has this woman no shame?
Brexit news: Leaked emails reveal what CBI REALLY thinks of Theresa May’s Brexit deal | UK | News |
This Brexit thing not such a good idea after all, penny finally dropped for gammon and smoked gammon
Well, I very much want us to stay in the EU, but only if people vote for that in a 2nd (in my view 1st genuinely democratic &amp; legal) referendum. Not morally right simply to ignore the 2016 ref, hugely flawed though it was as an exercise in democracy
Theresa May accused of threatening to kill private citizens who threatened to sue the government for wrong doing! *war crimes* in fact.
May will be only be a hero if she successfully stops Brexit.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Remain &amp; reform, from within was the right answer, but Brexiteers buggered that up, so we'll just have to do the best we can. I do tend to think that all Brexit voters should be tattooed with a big "B" on the brow, so we can know them for what they are.
It wasn't until the Brexit debate that I realised how much of an extremist he is. And just as dire, Daily Politics today had another Spiked employee on the panel - Lucy Harris.
Me Dame......really
Jesus. Wept.
Even if there was no Brexit these things would still hidden down the news items.
It's easy to put Brexit out of my mind if I am here - 3 min drive from my house
UKIP does not need internal bickering when it's biggest job is in front of it. Stopping May's surrender deal trumps everything else and Ukip poll rating helps. Please don't proceed with this distraction.
DUP may 'revisit confidence and supply deal' if #Brexit deal passes
2016: #Brexit spokesperson says Brexit will have "no impact on UK economy"...
..BREXIT is shit.CHECK.
I think May's calculation that people just want to get on with Brexit and just want something to happen is not a bad calculation from her, thing is that most politicians need to remember is that the public are generally pretty moderate and don't have a extreme position ether way
Years ago while I didn't agree with ALP policies I did have a level of respect for them. That is not the case any more. Now they are just a lighter shade of Green lunacy. This ties in with the often heard lament quoted by Joe here,"I didn't leave the ALP, The ALP left me"
Will Brexit force the Brits to Spexit?
She’s both!
Bloody hell...
Prime Minister, today issued following statement to mark anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak Dev Ji. we are still waiting for Brexit should not be excuse to forget the Sikh community. did excellent Gurpurb video
#news Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU: - Brexit: Back to basics…
I think the #mashreport are confusing brexit with venezuala. No comrades, it's socialism that makes people eat their pets. Not imaginary bants- real starvation &amp; suffering. Oh how we giggle. Look at the plebs suffer under socialism! Quick, comedy skit: "not real socialism"
Out of curiosity, has Brexit made you more of a separatist regarding Wales?
Lowest of lows.
This is why people hate the fucking EU.
Never, we will never betray the loyal patriots on the magnificat Rock of Gibraltar #Gibraltar #brexit
i love my family like i visited my 85 yr old nan and all we did was rant about how pathetic racists, trump, and brexit are :”)
I have asked endlessly for #remain to step up &amp; describe UK in EU in 10 &amp; 20 years time. What will look like what will we have gained?No one, repeat not one dares say it; because the EU hasnt told them what's happening. They're happy to vote for blind membership #BREXIT #leave
I disagree with the first two reasons, however reason 3 I agree with. UKIP needs to be appealing to get the most votes possible and save Brexit. Bring Tommy in afterwards, do one thing at a time. This is a big gamble though and I say that as a supporter of Tommy and UKIP.
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Our local MP who was very keen on Brexit has just been given a knighthood! I wonder which way he votes now!
My sympathies to anyone who works in retail for the absolute liquid dogshit storm you must be experiencing this week And once we Brexit :(
The BBC having that bloke on who beats up pensioners ...
Day 183 in the big brexit house....
Let’s put the gun to there heads ! Don’t buy anything German, French, Spanish or any EU countries goods. They would shit it !!!! Soft touch our politics!!!! FUCK EM ! #Brexit.
I sense another brexit honour coming along.
How true...
#Brexit LIVE: 'Constitutional DEADLOCK' warns Hunt as May declares there is NO Plan B: - Brexit… #News #Politics
honestly tho we would twat the Spanish military
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's #Brexit silence: - Theresa May accused of… #News #Politics
It will be a harmonisation of NI's and Irish economy under the same EU rules. This will segregate NI from UK. A step by step process to ease NI into a UI. Why else would Sinn Fein and Leo be so delighted? NI and Ireland can still trade even with a full Brexit.
Time for a thorough inquiry into 's failure to fulfill its Charter purpose to enable citizens to participate in the democratic process at all levels
Latest News: Eurosceptic Tory MP John Hayes given knighthood Labour suggests the timing of the honour could be an attempt to win support for the PM's Brexit deal. 2018-11-23 22:23:14Z
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
America won't get squat. Trump will get millions. Britain leads with Brexit &amp; now 1 of 200 there homeless. MAGA to do the same for America as Trump flourishes only big biz and his cabal benefit. Trump is a disgrace. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Gabby’s Great Brexit Bake Off cheers Theresa May after ‘tough week’ | Bailiwick Express UK
And the award for "Stupidest thing a customer has said" goes to the guy today claiming that it's Brexit's fault that Rustlers (Microwavable cheeseburgers) are so expensive at £2.....
I'm an old biddy. I have traveled in Europe at will for years and retired to France 14 years ago. I was free to do so. How lucky I have been. But our young people are having that snatched from them by this evil process called Brexit. May's baby
I couldn't quite believe it when I saw the logo of "Dossier Brexit" - the Brexit section of /De Standaard/ Flemish-language Belgian newspaper!
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
O wad some Power the giftie gie us, to see oursels as ithers see us!" #Brexit: views from around Europe on future relationship between UK and EU via
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over #Gibraltar
A GE. She's got firm.
Austerity will increase in no deal Brexit, but it is going to continue to persist &amp; grow under a Tory Government, it's essential to vote down Brexit &amp; force election, its the only way this country will begin to grow again along with the E.U
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Come on. You sent have your rosy-coloured #Brexit because it doesn't exist. Now you are just blaming everyone else.
Says the openly racist MP
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
2017: Tory #Brexit -er confirms EU nationals will have "all the same rights as now" after #Brexit ...
They voted for #Brexit without even realizing the Northern Ireland situation. Then, 3 years later, they painfully patch together a sort of a whatever crappy deal and Gibraltar pops up. The world is moving forward, you can't go back...
A remix/parody of the Universal Credit logo through the eyes of a modern underappreciated overqualified entitled millennial! in the style of Barbara Kruger. #universalcredit #brexit…
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over #Gibraltar
Spanish PM threatens to snub Brexit summit over future of Gibraltar | Politics | The Guardian - the 26-page political declaration published on Thursday makes a clear link between European access to British waters and the terms of a wider economic deal.
UK Gov ARE YOU LISTENING??? We didn’t vote to leave with a deal that ties us to their rules. Let’s leave NOW! #NoDealNoProblem #GiveUsOurCountryBack #DUP18 #WithdrawalAgreement #sellout
A totally uninspired Leader, someone who is determined and gritty, but simply lacking in ideas and Leadership skills. Theresa just will not listen, she has taken decisions in the past about stop and search, Police budgets, and 2017 GE. and got them all wrong. Trust her ?.....NO
If leave win Brexit can go ahead. I've made a copy of your tweet for future reference.
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
BBC News - Brexit deal: Welsh Secretary Cairns endorses deal despite reservations another oxymoron but for a different reason
Exactly that but exactly why Labour should fight brexit and the harm it will cause to those hardest hit by austerity. Instead they hide behind ‘respecting the vote’ instead of calling out the truth. The vote that was based on promises that were undeliverable lies and xenophobia.
This is a good deal. I think.
Advance warning of a hostile environment for EU expats at least two years before freedom of movement ceases to be a right (according to the current withdrawal agreement). That'll be good for goodwill. #newsnight
Who wants access to the EU fish market anyway? Look at prawns in the supermarket - many come from Thailand. Highly perishable goods from a country thats hardly on our doorstep. We could sell to Russia (near the North Sea), the USA (better prices), Canada (fish n maple) or China.
#QAnon Anti #Brexit Still anti - Still not a shred of balance on British TV. Apparently talking about Hitler is funny... You bastards are going down. And well-deserved. You're a disgrace. All of you.
Now here's a tweet that the people of Scotland can relate to ....unlike your recent tosh
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
You would need to drink a lot of the pints from this vid to believe this rubbish. Unelectable I am afraid
Nine yo in floods of tears. Best friend at her new school leaving in February to go back to Romania because of #Brexit . They no longer feel at home here. Her friend was born in the UK and has never known Romania. Why are we sending bright young people away? Fuck #brexit
So let me get this right. Brexiters are against the Brexit deal because we’ll lose the sovereignty they said we had already lost and we won’t have a say on EU laws like we did before. And some Tory Remainers are backing the deal because they fear no deal. Time for a #PeoplesVote
The ethno-troll strikes again!
Not bizzare at all. The 1st hasn't been implemented yet. The vote was to leave. Not leave only under a specific set of circumstances invented by remain. Why should brexiters respect a remain win or trust remainers to honour another brexit win when they haven't respected the 1st.
Every ‘honour’ sold to a corrupt politician by a corrupt PM reinforces my view that Scotland deserves a better system of government.
hey up. I’m a half Scott (Glasgow dad) and inner city Nottingham girl. I’m rabid about Brexit and working class kids being denied cultural education.
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Looks very fishy to me! Corruption in public office?
And he was a pedo....May infamously “Mis-placed” a large amount of files on politician pedo’s....never ending, they piss in the same pool...
I like to take the piss out of Theresa May as much as the next person, but I can't help but feel a bit sorry for her.. like she just got chucked in at the deep end and had to deal with someone else's mess.. but she's probably just an evil demon and I care too much. #brexit
#Brexit time to have a written constitution!
Bullshit! If the libdums hadn't been in coalition then austerity would have been worse, much much worse! You forget they were the junior partner! They only had a certain amount of influence! They traded a lot for a referendum on PR which WAS binding WITH a supramajority!
Bite into the Apple.....trust meeeeee!
but we are just going to go down a brexit rabbit hole here. Important point is trade unions want to get Labour in to government as soon as possible. We've had nearly a decade of Tory rule, brining in massive cuts and unprecedented levels of homelessness.
SHE doesn't want a good deal. Husband's Business entrenched in #EU
On dodgy territory with the car metaphor given that, arguable, society would have been better off if they hadn't been invented, but I can't think of better offhand. I blame the red wine.
Surely this will be looked at by the parliamentary ethics committee if these Mps back the PM on the Brexit draft agreement
If we had a 2nd referendin Leave would win by a bigger majority. As we now know EU will trap us in with no power. We need to leave on a no deal. Then start getting rid of all the traitor Mps from all parties who are denying Brexit.
But... it's ours. Spain has no right to it. I'm so sick of these spineless, unprincipled traitors. Line 'em up against a wall and f***ing shoot 'em. I'm not kidding; they are traitors.
We'll never give up fighting against Brexit Brexit is a travesty #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Canada, UK finalise post-Brexit nuclear cooperation
Sadly they chose the wrong election to make an otherwise valid point! This was the most important election in our life time, yet it resulted in a vote for probable extreme self harm. The vote for #Brexit demonstrated that we are not mature enough to be trusted with democracy!
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
Leaked email shows May's government plead with Scottish Conservatives to back Brexit fishing deal | Business Insider
Matthew, most present day tories are scared to do anything, the ones that work properly are being alienated/isolated, or at least paid no attention to. most are there for wages &amp; social prestige. forget the likes of Mrs Thatcher, they will control nothing nowadays. Sad #Brexit me
I KNOW THAT, thats why i said its a #NODEALS situation, we MUST now leave with no deal...brexit...#outmeansOUT
The prophecy of Cell #VI . . . . . . . . As seen by students of cell #XXXIX onwards, who suddenly realize that they are in this scam for life. XL is not a shirt size, but merely an upgrade to another prison-type.
Are you getting the Brexit they promised? No? Wonder why? Crankism at its finest.
"We've been screwed over, let's blame some vacuous definition of 'cultural marxism' and some international forces, completely deflecting from our own governments' dereliction of responsibility, and climate reality."
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
How stupidly out of touch is Damian Hinds MP saying we don't care what EU #Brexit deal is because we now just want it done quicker. Wanting to get to the other side of the road quickly can get you knocked down and killed. LEAVERS ARE NOT THAT STUPID...perhaps is?
Westminster 2017 results 49.9% (Sinn Fein, SDLP, Alliance &amp; Greens) support the backstop. DUP, UUP, TUV, Sylvia Hermon &amp; NI Tories are opposed to the backstop. People Before Profit castigated by Sinn Fein for supporting Brexit. 49.9% too #Brexit #DUP18
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
“If we can’t have war with Spain, I am excited for an economic war with 27 countries, fought in all our names, by people who literally don’t understand money.”
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
The high street has nothing to do with Brexit you Muppet. It's big corps ot being taxes causing high street trouble. We're currently still in EU. What about record employment. Is that despite Brexit?
Amazing #BrexitBill making the opening of #PeoplesVote #CostUpper very special indeed...
Why we going ahead with brexit ?? When the Brexiters are Beunv taken to court for lying and other crimes.
To stop Brexit permanently.
I want Brexit more than ever, but just can't see it happening now, let down by MP's with agendas, not voting for anything again
Could it be that you now realise that conservative and labour brexit voters will not vote for the two main parties and UKIP will gain these votes and this is an attempt for you to replace Gerrard?
Spain to veto Brexit unless treaty enshrines Madrid's say over Gibraltar via
You were so patronising to the point where you weren’t making any valid arguments in favor of remain or otherwise. You represent the elite that can afford to travel in Europe and just tell the rest of us what the “right thing for us is.”
All signed up for since the Brexit referendum. Proves she never had intention of leaving EU..
Think most of us leavers just want to leave hard Brexit all the way
I was never a fan of "Portaloo" when he was in government, but I enjoyed his "Great Railway Journeys" and I agree with him about Brexit. So good on him.
I no but it is sickening the way our MPs are being treated and the total disrespect shown to us as a nation by this unionists Parliament we are a nonentity to them in this BREXIT SHAMBLES..NOT ONE MENTION..Says it all xx
I do. No Brexit.
Intv w illustrates failed “centrism” w/no answer to the right. If you can’t say 1) people SHOULD be mad at growing inequality and 2) immigrants BUILD economies ( then you’re too compromised for 2018.
The republic of my house don't supports the EU 27-UK deal on Brexit, and shows disconfomity with the position taken by our neighbors and the boss of the restaurant behind our house. We gonna vote now, wich movie we have to watch tonight so, don't disturb us.
DUP leader Arlene Foster warns she could SCRAP deal with the Tories and bring down Theresa May's government even if #Brexit deal gets through Parliament
MPs take an oath to act in the best interests of the country. Therefore cannot vote for her own Brexit deal
If the future of Britain is built on a crime, what else can that future hold than a future drenched in criminality?
UK consumers could be forced to accept insects, mould and rat hair in food as part of post-Brexit trade deal
Trying to talk sense to a Brexshitter feels something like this... #Brexit #BrexitShambles
So strange isn't it :-/
Excuse me. Mrs May has not produced a 'Brexit deal', She's produced a 'Remain deal'. Or, to be more strictly accurate, an 'In Deeper Deal'.
Spain threatens to call off Sunday's EU summit on Brexit unless an agreement is made with the UK over Gibraltar
#Brexit in a nutshell:
This is very interesting h/t
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Wish they'd hurry up.2yrs?!
Thing is; She wont appear any different when negotiating with EU leaders. The same bumbling awkward individual with little to no social abilities. Not in their league. #BrexitShambles #Brexit #TheresaMay
Fair enough appoint someone with experience and jobless! But fair play to Mick to negotiate 1.2 million a year!His team of negotiators should shoot straight to 10 Downing st. Brexit put to bed by noon tomorrow then if Delaney was in charge of Europe the queens head b on the euro
I agree : These are the BREXIT realities. Those that vote for this need their heads examined. We're being screwed by a BREXIT elite that do not give a toss for the U.K.
Your Brexit deal. Not ours. Remember when you said "leave means leave"?.
Dear America: The 'Brexit' mess will affect you too
So true! But our British friends are, of course, still welcome to stay in the EU and should say no to this stupid idea!
Immaterial. Brexit was the only reason to vote for them. Everything else is window dressing unless the differentiate themselves by being a party willing to take on Immigration and radical Islam.
This response is wonderful! Essentially “Why should us brexiteers be blamed for anything to do with Brexit?”
Sad to see how people with Irish names and roots in UK can also be so completely ignorant deluded about #Ireland and it's reasons for being in #EU. They think they know what they are talking about due to Irish roots when they also have no bloody #Brexit clue!
2725. Brexit, so what?
About bloody time!
Support up by 8%? What planet are these ppl on? They’ll be the 1st moaning abt the loss of power, control &amp; sovereignty when it becomes apparent that we are a colony of the EU &amp; a vassal state
Badge of honour , sigh o Brexit doesn't like healthy debate, just a one way street, a mute button and hand picked fodder,
The latest Top It Off World News! #trump #brexit
Who are you to tell me what I voted for? Nobody knew then and only a #PeoplesVote can give you that answer
Oh my!!!
Hurrah...
As usual dimwit misses the point of Brexit entirely. We want MPs to be accountable for all law in the UK, instead of hiding behind the EU. Immigration is just one example, along with eg not being able to deport murderers and rapists or set our own VAT rates on goods
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
really enjoyed your hour #eastweststreet is a fantastic read and essential for today's politicians and #brexiteers hope your short term misgivings do not materialise but I share your long term optimism #longgame #Brexit
Number 397 in an occasional series I like to call "Still makes more sense than Brexit".
Of course she has
We must... surrender to the racists in order to beat them? No.
I promise you. This line is total factual nonsense. can explain it to you if you don't believe us muckers. Also, anyone that quotes Ray Bassett is scraping the barrel of Irish diplomatic opinion.
Cheap: Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
#brexit open your eyes to the EU need a no deal now and #WTOBrexit #BlackFriday
If he has been bribed this why, We can be certain that many other Brexiteers have received bribes of sorts and seeminly one reason the No Cofidence Vote fell away.. The vast majority of these rotten politicains are easily bribed.. GREED &amp; CAREER FIRST #ImmoralRats #Traitors
Sorry that is under the current government and post Brexit. You might try to run away from it, pass it onto a non existent state, I guess that’s how Brexiteers behave lies, falsehoods and scaremongering
If so why did he just sit and watch? He should have resigned months ago rather than let his reputation be tarnished.... so many Brexit ministers seem to find logical thought a struggle!
I am looking forward to the helicopter coverage of 700,000+ people peacefully marching through London.
This is very disingenuous of the PM's Office. This is not the withdrawal agreement that will be voted on in the house. This is the outline for future negotiation which has to be approved by all 26 remaining EU members. The EU can and will dictate what happens. Shame!
Yes, I compared on my feed to polls suggesting similar in the UK, but one of the reasons I find it interesting is there's a case that Brexit has given voters their 'fix' for the issue of migration.
She’s engineered this plain and simple. The traitorous old cow had no intention of delivering brexit
The republic of my house don't supports the EU 27-UK deal on Brexit, and shows disconfomity with the position taken by our neighbors and the boss of the restaurant behind our house. Now we gonna vote wich movie we should watch tonight so, don't disturb us.
Blessing in disguise; UK should go hard Brexit! If UK shows its really ready to go, EU will realize it has more to lose. "Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit" -
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
No it’s this deal take it or leave it, No Deal or No Brexit #brexit
And call a General Election. There you go fixed it for you. You're Welcome
It’d take me considerably more than 60 seconds to explain my feelings towards you and your government, you chronic failure.
I knew I'd seen this look before #theresamay #brexit
Geoff Norcott seems to be saying (at all times) if it wasn't for the dastardly EU I could have had a fleet of vans. And yet you wouldn't have a van without brexit!
brexit britain..
Don't want a PV. Just recognise that Brexit cannot be accomplished without great harm to UK. Withdraw Art 50 and let us never speak of this again.
Much like #Brexit, he's an absolute nuisance in a ruck and we don't want him to leave EVER! #WARRIOR #legend #wishhewasaTurk
Every Brit should boycott Spain over its actions re Brexit and Gibraltar. Doesn’t Spain understand the wish of people?
#BBCNewsChannel Dominic raab former Brexit Secretary this deal is not worth the paper it is written on also mental health crisis..police in Cleveland saying that they can not cope with demand osteraty&amp; cuts in funding is having massive impact.
could be the saviour of an actual #brexit as in #LeaveMeansLeave voted for by 17.4 million voters in a democratic referendum, veto veto veto #nodeal #takebackcontrol #EU
It certainly doesn’t look like a red white and blue Brexit. More a blue and yellow star one. I like the EU but would rather be in the club than being a rule taker.
Embrace The people's #Brexit and learn how comrade Rees Mogg a hero of the brexletariat along side JezZus corbyn Christ will deliver real Marxist Brexitism
I am certainly not underestimating May. She is ruthless enough to cut 20,000 police officers. She will use all of her (ruthless) power to get her deal through. Watch this space....
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Professor Robert Tombs on May's deal: ‘It is so stupid, it is almost unbelievable' - spiked
The Prime Minister &amp; the EU deliberately removed paragraph 50 #Brexit #DUP18
I think if your primary concern is remaining in the EU, it's rather a dangerous strategy to campaign for 2nd ref, thinking that a 2nd ref will stop Brexit. The material conditions that led to remain losing the first one have largely not changed, nor their strategy
You've bought MSM lie that all bad is because of Brexit and all good is despite Brexit. Utter nonsense.
Most popular hashtags among Members today: #Brexit #BlackFriday #Europa #EU #Gibraltar
Whatever your view is on May and Brexit, this is a shitty image to run for the BBC top story.
Um...to be clear is is that the Farage Brexit, Johnson Brexit, the Labour jobs first Brexit, Chequers, No deal, blind Brexit or the magic roundabout version?I’m only coming if it’s the last one and there is free weed.
She's no idiot, she just gives the appearance of one, more a jekyll and hyde.
"The remainer-in-chief, May, has already destroyed Brexit." — k-dog
Why is May ‘working’ so hard for the EU on Brexit? Jean Claude Juncker gave a special secret tax deal to Amazon Luxembourg. May’s husband’s hedge fund invests in Amazon Europe. Coincidence?
Anti-Brexit campaigners set up shop selling ‘conman’s mustard’ and ‘save our bacon’ to call for a People’s Vote
Do you ever stop talking rubbish.We already had a vote and a majority of the biggest turnout in history voted to leave.If your confessing that you’re to dumb to deliver a proper Brexit,I except your apology. I hear McDonalds are hiring at the moment. Have a nice day.
Won't be watching then because I need my Brexit fix
Maybe you need to complain to those who made promises they had no intention of keeping.Boris rapidly changed his mind about delivering Brexit&amp;so far the ERG have, despite promises,not published an alternative plan. As it stands, this is Brexit. This is what it really looks like.
The vote was to leave. Not leave only under a specific set of circumstances invented by remain. Anyway why should any brexiter respect a remain win or trust remainers to honour another brexit win when they haven't respected the result of the first.
#reesmoggcannotorganise a press conference with one reason why Brexit is a good idea, immigration doesn't count because the #Tories don't intend to stop immigration really... #thelastleg
Dear America: The 'Brexit' mess will affect you too on fallout from 'one of the great unforced errors of the century'
Having the evening off from Brexit, Jo?
Can we just remind ourselves, in the face of a now relentless onslaught from the government propaganda machine trying to establish the contrary, that everyone hates Mrs May's Brexit deal? She probably loathes it herself.
Respectfully, we all know that when the vote happened, the actual knowledge on what the true impact of #Brexit was non existent. Lies and mis truths from both sides fuelled a nation. Saying democratic answer is always right is nonsense and therefore can always be challenged.
Do you not have this nightmare, where a British government, amidst the no-deal fallout and anti-Brexit sentiment rising, signs something worse than the WA or even seeks reentry?
to quote - this is a magnificent rant...
Another thicko catch yourself on when brexit kicks in it will be harder than ever for a UI lol or is that to complicated for you to understand lol
If you are for real, then look at the oxford dictionary meaning of the world withstand. Then look at the casualty lisr of the Blitz. This will give you some idea of how deluded you actually are #brexit #stopbrexit #nationalstupidity #peoplesvote
If you want the public to support your #brexit deal Mrs May, ask them. #PeoplesVote
'The Talentless Mr Ripley'. HA!! &gt; Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
'Soft' Brexit removes an enormous freedom: free movement for UK citizens, devastating for so many. It also prevents UK from making the international deals (Malawi? Paraguay? New Zealand?) which the Ultras, in their psychedelic universe, think better than trading with the EU. 2/
So are the 48 letters in yet ? . Asking for some friends, !7.4 million of 'em. #Brexit #1922committee #MayMustGo
Yes. This is the third summary I’ve seen that ignores that possibility. Basically if ‘deal’ not approved, Parliament has choice of No Deal or No Brexit. Government would need to give them that vote.
Brexit died when the ink from John Majors pen dried on the Maastricht treaty.
How can Spain share sovereignty , after all they are members of the EU and according to Brexiteers will have zero Sovereignty! UK could share sovereignty of Gibraltar with Spain to resolve Brexit row, Lord Hain says
Call off brexit for goodness sake one by one the Brexiters are being taken to court for lies and other criminal acts that made possible Brexit.
Here we go again.. May will destroy her party due to a failed #brexit and many will rejoice and see it as an end to austerity.
Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
Part of me is hoping there is a no deal Brexit simply out of bouldness and curiosity #Brexit
For posterity Regardless of what you think the economic merits may or may not be in the long-term, it’s not hindsight bias to say these people had no clue at all
Looks like someone got hold of Nigel's password.
#reesmoggcannotorganise a latin quote to describe his failure to get hard .....brexit
UK to give Gibraltar back to Spain in return for Brexit deal. Well done, Brexiters.
Theresa May is delivering "a Brexit which addresses the concerns of Remainers" rather than rising to the vision &amp; ambition of Leavers. #Weak
We may backfire when you're all having your stupid afternoon tea
It's called Brexit, Owen. It's never going to be better than what we had, is it? Every departure means a loss for someone.
#bbcnews how dare and how can Raab criticise the Brexit deal when he was there when it was being negotiated ? he s lost any respect I had.
Worse than that Julia, I've heard that after March 29th, government hit squads will be marauding through our towns, cities &amp; countryside shooting all non British Europeans because of brexit. Lord Adonis said so and it really is your fault. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Thanks. But you’re way too kind. There are so many who know so much more than me about #Brexit. That said, not sure anyone alive can really claim to know how all this ends. Definitely not me. But thanks again R
What a coward Redwood is. Clearly can't back up any of his claims that Brexit will be good for the UK. This should be ringing alarm bells for those who voted to leave the EU.
For hard-right revolutionaries, Brexit is cover for a different end | Polly Toynbee
because anything is worse than staying in the EU the only good Brexit is a #NoBrexit
The first referendum was illegitimate based on the violations of electoral law. There is no mandate for Brexit.
Did Britpop Lead To Brexit?: What Britpop originally was – a way of reclaiming an identity for gaudy, magpieish British music from the grey blanket of grunge, then slapped on the cover of Select magazine in April 1993 – was not what it became. Of cours…
This is one of the most important questions as we near the Brexit crunch
Majestic Plans to Build Brexit Stockpile of European Wines.
#thelast leg #reesmoggcannotorganise a Brexit deal at a Tory conference
Lighthearted late night listening. To skip the Brexit hilarity, start from 24.45. is both funny and asked seriously tough questions about Children's Comm. report on kids data and the 1st generation datafied from birth #BlackFridayUK #SmartToys #Privacy #IoT #EdTech
I liked a video Tommy Robinson supporter Paul Rimmer speaks about Theresa May's Brexit lies and
Only a careless brexit means brexit! Anything else, such as a melodic brexit, would be a farce.
I’m a Sinn Féin MP. This is why I won’t go to Westminster, even over Brexit | Paul Maskey
Greg Clark backs idea of longer Brexit transition period
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence via
Love the theory
Don’t cheer Tory remainers – all this cruel austerity is on them | Owen Jones
I liked a video Can the UK Undo Brexit &amp; Stay in the EU? - Brexit Explained
#mashreport, brilliantly taking the piss out of the right wing bias on the not telling the truth on #brexit and highlighting the dinosaur that is .
Well done, President Sanchez! British Government must be very scared now. They fear all Spanish waiters working in London are Spanish soldiers
Your right. #Brexit is a batrayal. A completely batty betrayal of any right minded rational common sense.
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Diplomats puzzled at Theresa May's Brussels visit
It’s the new Brexit secretary
SOCialist SOCial Media activists #SocSocM have been able to challenge the narrative the Tories want and mainstream pump out by using clips from TV news shows. This Thread is on how the BBC tried to use May’s Brexit phone in to spike Left social media... (Thread 1/8)
It is sickening to have our rights pulled out from under us. My only (small) solace is the knowledge that is condemning the to the annals of history.
I do understand that Brexit in itself doesn't necessarily achieve this, however these are valid points on the Neo-Liberal agenda of the EU. The Thatcherism that gave us Auf Weidersein Pet in the 80's is alive &amp; well across the member states &amp; corporate exploitation abounds!
Want to see a programme outlining the harm that #Brexit &amp; the #WithdrawalAgreement will do to Scotland? Can you spare the price of 2 cups of coffee? promise they won't spend it on cups of coffee,well, not all of it anyway...
I'm hugely disappointed with my constituency MP for her position on #Brexit. There is no version of Brexit that doesn't leave the UK poorer &amp; weaker. There is no better deal for the UK than the deal it has now as an EU member #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #NotBuyingIt
A bit rich given her disregard of the public's appeals to stop Brexit. Fuck off May and Fuck of Corbyn and make room for someone who knows what's good for the country.
I won’t be going on holiday there again if they balls up Brexit for us.
All forms of brexit are destructive to the UK. Thanks Mark, you're selling us out
is a hypocrite. When we voted leave we needed a strong force to stop the #remoaners sabotaging #brexit, yet at that precise moment the #controlledopposition stooge retired. Total scumbag for whom I have zero respect.
Moving on from Brexit. Watching the Expendables tonight on Dave TV. Loving it.
Theresa May doing a Black Friday special Vote with her on Brexit and get a Knighthood for free.
If you are for real, then look at the oxford dictionary meaning of the world withstand. Then look at the casualty list of the Blitz. This will give you some idea of how deluded you actually are #brexit #stopbrexit #nationalstupidity #peoplesvote
So 30,000 British colonists in Gibraltar will stop a Brexit deal ? #Spain #BrexitShambles
Theresa May tells farmers 'fuck you' and laughs at millions of low paid parents who can't feed their families because food prices rocket. Gives nightgood to sexual harasser Tory MP to get his vote for her deal. WTF ?
Nando's waitress shot in head by customer with pellet gun in London #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #bbcparliament #brexit
..and they kept coming in time for the evening TV news shows. The BBC’s spoiler tactic only delayed us, it didn’t stop us from exposing May’s pathetic interview or the fawning BBC interviewer. (7/8)
It’s been disastrous as we have a ‘remain’ PM
#isitiok that the charisma free zone that is Theresa May is our best hope of avoiding a No Deal Brexit as all of the potential alternative Prime Ministers seemingly want one?
Sorted!
Judge Brexit… :) (Must dig out the Humble Bundle Dredd Bundle for a read)
Let’s just remember labour’s last manifesto was based on savage welfare cuts and a whole economic programme to benefit the rich.
The only proper Brexit is a Dead Brexit.
Stupid cow
Amongst all the self-inflicted Brexit crap, we shouldn't forget about things like this - you know, the stuff that the well-being of the entire planet depends on
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
The PIG! in Drag is in trouble, THANK YOU JESUS!.
Your folks?
Why should I back this #Brexit deal? Who is us? Is it the ordinary person in the street or the top 10% well to-do? Which businesses will benefit? Is it the self employed, the micro business or the big corporates? Who gets the jobs? I'm yet to be convinced it's right for me.
A bit rich given her disregard of the public's appeals to stop Brexit. Fuck off May and Fuck off Corbyn and make room for someone who knows what's good for the country.
If the #Brexiteer who negotiated the deal thinks staying in the EU is better then that’s good enough for me. Give Brexit a decent burial and a good send off.
Are you equipped to handle what will happen after Brexit? Financially, I mean. Or do think it will all turn out rosy?
Hate to say it Brandon, especially after meeting you in Bedford, but irrespective of TR's position many tories will vote UKIP due to PM's duplicity over Brexit. Democracy's strength is peaceful solutions to divisive issues. Denying democracy as she is risks serious social unrest.
About time
"One does wonder what these people are thinking of in trying to thwart Brexit. I suspect there will be…" — Bludger
I feel this ought to have been the path set in the aftermath of the referendum, given how split it was. But May went all inventing imaginary red lines that pigeonholed the UK into this deal. Now, no Brexit is the only option that protects livelyhoods.
Please tell him not to bother it’s full of right wing brexit sh.t as usual .Get well soon Harry
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Mad as usual Brexit vote will be honoured, says Diane Abbott
Breaking TOMMY ROBINSON'S BREXIT BETRAYAL MARCH (DATE CHANGED TO SUNDAY ... via
This entire platform has got literally nothing to do with Brexit.
(Evening Standard):#Arlene Foster warns the #DUP may 'revisit confidence and supply deal' if Theresa May's Brexit deal is passed : Arlene Foster has warned that the DUP may revisit the confidence and supply deal propping up the ..
Then you are making a fatal error Angie. Farage is absolutely right, the optics of this are terrible for Brexit and UKIP, and the consequences for Tommy's work will be to stifle and silence him. When yo work for a political party, you are not the master of your own destiny!
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
You can see where things are heading &amp; it can only deteriorate by remaining on this train with the unknown destination. UK must find itself again, as having been duped into a supposedly Common Market by duplicitous MPs. Their at it again. They have being bought by power.#Brexit
#isitok that Ive got a better way of explaining brexit than watercannons (see below).
It's not a patch on the deal we already have. Even one of your various ex Brexit secretaries knows that. I think you do too.
#reesmoggcannotorganise a hard Brexit in a viagra factory... #lastleg
Emotional homecoming for HMS Albion; UAE 'considers clemency'; Brexit: Don't Panic; + Arts&amp;Antiques, Top homes; WMN2 &amp; magazine Saturday WMN #tomorrowspaperstoday
It couldn’t possibly make them any worse.
Agreed. Brexit could work if the whole of the country wanted it and politicians were all willing too. But unfortunately that’s not our situation. We are pretty evenly split, so not able to go either way confidently. It’s a shame, we will waste a lot of time/money on this.
KRLS ha dicho : "RT : The supports the EU 27-UK deal on Brexit, and shows disconformity with the position taken by the Spanish Government over Gibraltar. Our aspiration is to have a Republic in which citizens, companies and…
which is why every sizeable chilled warehouse is already fully booked #StockpilingFood
Cash for questions, baubles for Brexit, ermine for vermin. When will it end?
Brexit deal summary: What is the current Brexit deal?
June Greenpeace investigation found that the Malaysian govt was lobbying the UK government on the EU's palm oil ruling and in November last year, their plantations and commodities minister wrote that Brexit offered a new relationship free from “strong vested interests in Europe”
Janey Godley V Nadine Dorries On Brexit via
You don't give a damn about the rule of law and that's why your numbers don't work
Let's be clear the deal is right for the EU but not for the UK. The people of Britain have lost faith in you as PM. This is not what people voted for; what you are proposing is not Brexit.
stinks
I stumbled across two Facebook pages, both w 100,000s of followers, with innocuous but edgy humour… then about 1 post in 20 being transphobic or ultra pro Brexit. I reported both, both reports rejected How many pages are there like this? What effect do they have? Who runs them?
The backstop is illegal subjecting GB &amp; NI to laws &amp; regulations created by a body we have no representation in #Brexit #DUP18
Desperate #Brexit measures for desperate #BrexitShambles times.
work with the DUP, you need to be careful what you wish for! Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
That’s not the point, the point is that she sold that as the only valuable win from her negotiation. You absolutely can not deny that migration played no part in Brexit. I
Total sell out. It will do the same to the Tory's that "coalition liberals" and "independent liberals" did to the liberal party.
Beginning of Brexit
Spain to Veto Brexit ‘If There Are No Changes’
Can you not see the contradiction between gaslighting Northern Ireland whilst claiming to campaign for them during the Brexit debate?
Every day I wonder if the government can stoop any lower, and reset the bar #GTTO
So let's be realistic &amp; cancel #Brexit
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
England aren't ready for brexit lol.
Ask yourself why.
Look I don’t expect you to understand this as you’re clearly not trained in bullcrappery. It is rather simple, Blue Passports, Taking back control, strong and stable, Brexit means Brexit and ummm, Blue Passports. So you stick to what you’re good please.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
I do wish they would stop mentioning Theresa May and withdrawal in the same sentence #Brexit
Royal Navy faces off with Spanish vessel in British waters amid Brexit row over Gibraltar
so plz allow me to ask you Mr Farage, why have you left #UKIP 's leadership the day next to the referendum result, the result for which you were looking for years? for this reason i have not supported UKIP. pity as this party had a great potential. im a fanatic #Brexit eer BTW
#isitiok that is just sitting there looking fine with that tache..also sth about brexit...
Brexit, brexiters, brexitiers, brexiting, brexsitting on Thereasa May
"Brexit was never going to be "out of the woods". There are too many powerful people and organisations…" — Foxall
Yeah, #Brexit is important, but so is the fact that not a single G20 country is meeting its climate targets and the cost of #climatechange is going to go up by hundreds of billions.
Here's the thing no brexit deal was going to be enough for the DUP unless it wrecked the GFA don't ever get it twisted brexit never mattered to them it's just a tool to get rid of the peace agreement
Emails reveal Arron Banks’ links to Steve Bannon in quest for campaign cash #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #bbcparliament
Germany prepared for no-deal Brexit: Finance Minister Olaf Scholz
Add a comment
Been that stressed out doing this that literally half way yesterday, I binned all the work that I did and started again, I’m now drawing comparisons between a fucking edit and how Brexit should be handled. Losing it, man.
What has gone tits up?? The economic climate has been on adrenaline since the last crash fuelled by record low interest rates worldwide. This bubble was always going to burst regardless of Brexit, Trump or Alien landings. The whole Brexit obsession is frankly boring.
“Proper” - this from the ma who was beefing for a no deal brexit All out of ideas #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain #toriesout
Absolute bloody disgrace. MP’s are meant to be in the job to carry out the wishes of their electorate and not for personal gain. This is far worse than the expenses scandal. Yet another swamp that needs draining.
Hé is an excellent - indeed a first class - MP with years of public service at a high level achieved,and I hope more to come.Congratulations John!
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal If you need to be bribed to vote for it, there must be something very dodgy about it!
David Mundell is the embodiment of UK politics today. Depressing!
#isitok that Theresa May used the water cannon story in 2016 to show how Boris would botch Brexit
Pure 100% Brexit.
I think Mr Rees Mogg you should stop being disruptive and recognise that plan is sensible, well considered and provides opportunity. Your desires for a catastrophic Brexit are damaging the UK now and in the future. You are a back bencher getting above your station
One of the things that is starkly clear, as brilliantly highlighted by , is how clinton and her inner circle completely fail in self-introspection.The American electorate made mistakes. They, SHE, made none. Why cldnt the electorate not see what was best for them??
The Wicked Witch of #Brexit
'It is hard to suppress a gnawing feeling that we are approaching the climax of a powerful and well coordinated plot to thwart the democratic will of the British people'
It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit via
I'm confused with the number 57! When it only takes 48 letters to properly stand up for Brexit. #standup4Brexit #MayMustGo
The EU #FREEINTERRAILPASS initiative is back! And just in time for UK 18 year olds to get in on the action pre-#brexit! Here's all the information you need to get your hands on a pass in 2018!
SNP MEP Ian Hudghton 2008 on the Lisbon Treaty &amp; how Ireland should not have a second referendum #DUP18 #brexit
#Conservative #DUP relations will be put ‘under pressure’ following Brexit...
Just line them up on the high street and whip them Theresa, that's what you want to do isn't it? You disgusting old witch.
#Brexit meets... #SilenceOfTheSardines
You know us too well..... good to see you’re in Brussels to sing our way out of Brexit.
I am sure central London will be at a standstill Dec 9th.
Awful
If you’re a Painter in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Anna Soubry says we need a government of national unity ASAP. After that the people can decide which parties are worth voting for Ever again
Spoof Brexit shop opens in Peckham to highlight grocery 'price rises' post-EU - Evening Standard
Can be any more brazen? she tried to buy off the DUP but they're not always playing ball Clearly her arguments lack credibility so she sells her soul &amp; she says there is no magic money tree???? It makes you want to vomit
Traitor May did that. She's a Remainer who didn't have her heart in Brexit. If Parliament votes NO on her crap we may end up with a No Deal and WTO rules. Some politicians are truly corrupt.
You're absolutely right Deborah. Some people just treat Brexit like a game, they only care about winning and gloating. They don't care about people losing their jobs as manufacturing disappears or that most people will no longer be able to move to EU to work or retire. Shameful.
This is their latest line to take. Pretend the proles that voted for Brexit just want it "to happen" regardless of the inconvenient detail. Anything to lie and pretend they have support for this horrendous deal. #WithdrawalAgreement #Brexit
Oh dear!
I don't believe her. She's never managed to get non-EU migration below 100k. She cannot be trusted.
Correct we didn’t vote for Mays Brexit #leave
I’m really glad Marina Hyde exists.
Jobs first Brexit
When does Theresa May ever speak to the people of Britain - Fucking never and now she wants our support with brexit - FUCK YOU ! what about Grenfell !
The latest The Child of the 90's Daily! Thanks to #imaceleb #brexit
I think it’s a bit unfair. BBC QT could reasonably have expected Labour’s Clive Lewis and Trevor Philips to put up a better fight. They were both pathetic. Remainers are badly let down by Corbyn’s transparently hopeless leadership on Brexit.
Soundbites.
Despite claims to the contrary re Dublin ports, NISRA stats say the vast majority of Northern Ireland trade with Great Britain goes by Northern Ireland ports #Brexit #DUP18
But would John Hayes have his referral for a knighthood reversed if he votes against knighthood - he is pathetic wimp who will further devalue justification for Lords
#reesmoggcannotorganise a Brexit at a UKIP conference.
I would say Boeing but I suspect Barry is looking to blame Brexit
Pay As You Go Brexit.
What are you on about? She and Robbins did the negotiating. The Brexit secretaries were there for show. Did you notice Raab had to be taken to seen the agreement he had apparently negotiated?
#reesmoggcannotorganise #TheLastLeg Brexit!!!
General election for a peoples vote to kick the Tories out
What could a no-deal Brexit mean? via
The hospital my husband is in clearly depends on immigrants to provide skilled nursing and surgical care. The NHS will not benefit from Brexit, not will it’s patients.
From Germany, an example for the lack of EU awareness among journalists who should know better. claims that the Council of Europe ("Europarat") has to consent to the EU-wide elimination of winter time - when it is the . #EU #Brexit #BrexitChaos
WTO it is then. That’ll stop tat
Hear hear! Hopefully some of those responsible will soon be held to account.
I’m very surprised and disappointed that you’ve said this. I am an atheist but I followed you because I am I am interested in what you say and what you do, and I had a lot of respect for that. Brexit is nothing to do with CofE it’s about nationalism and prejudice. Unfollowing
Both Marxists &amp; Brexiters are fanatics for whom reality is always trumped by fantasy. The price the world has paid for this is massive.
She is neither she is a remoaner with her own agenda.
Is this a bit like a bribe?
When Nigel farage takes over very soon I'd say, and people conspire to wreck brexit you will have thousands of people moving to UKIP
An opportunity to improve the UK’s economic position only exists if the UK government has 1. regulatory autonomy 2. and control over UK tariff and customs. If these levers remain under EU control, then there are few economic benefits to leaving.
Brexiteers merely made a choice. Cameron said Govt would implement it, they didn’t. Instead they tried to confuse it, pervert it, avoid it, complicate it and betray it... but somehow it was Brexiteers fault for choosing the option the Govt wasn’t willing to deliver.
Remainer May in charge of the Brexit negotiations is like sending a vegan to hunt deer, don't be surprised if all they come back with are some nuts and berries.
Northern Ireland businesses are dependent on purchases FROM Great Britain #Brexit #DUP18
These centre-left "heavyweights" ( 's word) miss the fundamental point that mass migration is a symptom of deeper problems, and the solution isn't more borders: it's building a better world for everyone.
I think he'd be great to see us through Brexit and he'd be happy to stand down once it had been properly completed.
‘Don’t blame us – it’s not Brexit!’ says Brexiteer
John, thank you for your support. The UK faces its most important political decisions for more than 70 years. RT Delighted to see and bring a paper to #RCGPcouncil calling for a #peoplesvote. What can I say but "yes"?! #brexit #fbpe
Bishop of Leeds: ask the people again about Brexit from
I sincerely hope that you and your fellow Brexit supporting MPs have not given up the fight for our exit from the EU. You have 17.4 million people behind you, willing you to fight against the PM's betrayal of the Referendum result.
Meaning she hasn't a clue how to finish it off but is going to shove this dogs Brexit down UK's throat. What does 27 other countries care now .. we will Exit soon to Brexit. What a mess #Brexit #BlackFriday
Believe in Brexit is this the ultimate Oxymoron ?
Yesterday, 22 November, feast day of #SaintCecilia, patroness of musicians. Looking forward to concert coming Sunday at the Sala Santa Cecilia in Rome: Matthew Herbert's #Brexit Big Band.
It’s Brexit! It was never meant to make us better off. It was all about thick nob heads thinking we would somehow gain control of something.
can we add clackwanker please
On reflection I think our society had gone into reverse the moment St Andrews put the two criminally corrupt parties in charge. Brexit certainly makes it much worse and the Tory pact magnifies that...
Good night London #nationalHistoryMuseum #brexit #whatbrexit #writerscommunity
Boris Johnson Foreign Secretary when he said about the suicide belt. If it's still on the internet you can see Priti Patel she went to visit the Isis Hospital that's why you not seen her for a long while. Theresa May was upset no room in the reshuffle no room in a brexit team
BBC News - Brexit: Will Spain's Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock?
I'm guessing by you cutting Stephen off that he didn't give the answer you wanted?? #Brexit The people have spoken, get over it
We can avoid any potential mayhem easily by doing the only safe and sensible option and revoking article 50 WHICH WE ARE LEGALLY ALLOWED TO DO #StopBrexitSaveBritain
I'm only talking about events within the last week - you can't get much more present than that! Are you arguing because contrary to Nigel &amp; me you support the involvement of TR? If so, consider the likely impact on support of UKIP by 17.1 Million Brexit voters yet to join us.
What's wrong with them - gutted that they're not now going get their payoff from Matthew Elliott's Thinktanks, buti nstead lose their jobs for deliberately providing air time to the #Brexit liars and ClimateChange deniers, asking the 'right' Qs and cutting off demurrers.
Bribe... sell out the country
Until Brexit supporters decided to take it from us. Thanks.
IMPORTANT Do not buy CBD until you see this video #vape #cannabidiol #cbdhemp #stoned #cbdisolate #ganja #indica #repost #life #bhfyp #buisness
As was suggested by someone clever weeks ago - if she stops the payments and kind of arrests FoM, that's enough to meet the vote. Not when we are tied to EU laws forever - which is the payoff.
Brexit Withdrawal Agreement: Creative Industries Federation expresses concern over lack of detail - a-n The Artists Information Company
“We’ll get him for this,” a Jeremy Corbyn aide snapped angrily when Keir Starmer defied the Labour leader by telling the party’s September conference that Remain would be on the ballot paper in any Final Say referendum.
We have the fundamental problem that Brexit was very much a vote of the people vs the establishment &amp; a second vote on the EU would be exactly that again, possibly more so.
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
You left Theresa May in place to be your useful bogeyman. She put in place your incompatible red lines. She triggered Article 50 before you had a plan. She's delivering your no deal Brexit. Why are you still moaning?
But I do encourage you to read this - this kind of language is not helping the campaign against Brexit
The Chancellor says that the border has been at the heart of the #Brexit negotiations and discusses the draft withdrawal agreement at #DUP18
You are found if making bland statements about the economic impact of a no deal #Brexit when the truth is no one can possibly know the effect beyond a six month horizon. Historically, the EU has not benefited UK so why WOULD leaving be a bad thing. It’s illogical
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
I’m happy to be foraged, post-Brexit... gulp.
For the future of Europe, Brexit should be eliminated.
#reesmoggcannotorganise a Brexit at a UKIP conference #lastleg
I think Mps, especially current Tory ones, need to take responsibility with how they have disenfranchised so many people with their #austerity policies, colluding with MSM to blame #Immigrants and #EU for their failure of government, that #Brexit looked like a good option.
Not saying the BBC cannot be objective, but their chosen photo doesn't exactly exude optimism Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
Sometimes distance gives perspective. We've been in the newsbelly of the Brexit beast, daily, for 2&amp;1/2 years now. Refreshing clarity.
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
The Instruction of the people wasn't Leave subject to a deal, It was Leave means Leave. Financial commentators state day after Brexit with a deal or no deal the Euro will collapse causing financial panic across the EU 27
Unfortunately true.
'Hard' Brexit, meanwhile, is insanity for reasons which do not bear rehearsing. We've hit Brexit reality and either way it's devastating. May asks for the people's support, but won't give them a say. Such a stance is infantilising and contemptuous when the stakes are so high. 3/
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype | John Lichfield
Do you agree on fair elections ? Then why is the EU allowing criminals to rob uk citizens of their eu citizenship by (alleged ) lairs.
Stephen Nolan is a dogged, tough interviewer, but he is on at night.The breakfast presenters are relentlessly cheery/ jokey &amp; frequently trivialise Brexit issues. Just warning you.
Blood pressure is through the roof already at May's Brexit deal!
Says the man, who with Steve Bannon is consolidating the hard right across Europe. Just cos you wear a suit Nigel instead of combats and bovver boots doesn’t stop you being just as bad.
There are also visa requirements for certain countries &amp; technically certain people require visa or permits to cross the Irish border at the moment and random spot checks do happen on either side at the moment by immigration officers. #DUP18 #Brexit
#reesmoggcannotorganise #thelastleg The projected amount he will earn from a hard brexit from his hedge fund
Mine is a remainer but now behind Theresa mays Brexit One word to describe him ineffectual. He’s now education secretary.
People aren’t going to #BackTheBrexitDeal because they gain nothing and lose their free movement. It’s an awful deal compared to the one we already have. #StopBrexit.
Anyone who thinks Corbyn is the solution to anything - take a look at this. He faces the weakest government in office in much of living memory. They are threatening untold harm on the British economy through obstinacy and inaction. And he's barely making a dent. #Labour #Brexit
Bollocks to Brexit.
#BlackFriday pop-up in Peckham highlights inflation caused by uncertainty over Brexit negotiations:
Get the latest on #Brexit &amp; #compliance on film &amp; in writing #gdpr #bribery #sanctions #modernslavery #SupplyChain #REACH
#isitok to think that Brexit will see that the Tories won't be in Government for a very long time.
isitok that Most brits are bored the shit out of brexit now
You should have a hard Brexit and embrace a piracy based foreign policy like in the good old days. I don't know what it would do to GDP but it would be a lot more fun.
Petition: Stop Brexit if supplies of vital medication can't be guaranteed.
Brussels corporatism is in hindsight a better option than Brexit.
President #Bolsonaro, What Comes Next? - Seeking Insight via Red Ice #Brazil #populism #SouthAmerica #Brexit #Trump #PresidenteBolsonaro #Politica
Five things in Theresa May's Brexit future that will give Leavers hope — and five that will horrify them
Blocking this account as I am fed up with the lies
Steve Bell on Theresa May and post-Brexit fisheries – cartoon
Endless Brexit and usual schedule-filling studio vox pops on #Newsnight. Lazy journalism that doesn't impress me.
Resign you fucking witch
In defence of criminal cheating, lies on busses, Aaron Banks' mysterious £8 million, the £££ dark money laundered through the DUP. And bollocks to democracy. Putin paid a lot of money for #brexit and he wants his money's worth.
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
#maymustgo #Brexit May's latest slogan ' the British public just want us to get on with it now.' Translation: she thinks she has worn us down and so fed up with 1yr 9 months of tripe that we'll throw our hands up and say 'whatever.' Trot off Xmas shopping. Timing is cynical.
So instead of voting for a party where your voted could have been counted as anti brexit, you chose to vote for a party which said it would (and continues to) pursue brexit? I'm confused.
#Tories remember #CashForQuestions? #Conservatives knighthoods for votes! #CantTrustaTory #Tory #brexit
it hasn't worked because Brexit is a flawed idea which was only supported by 26% of constituents in a flawed possibly illegally funded foreign influenced Advisory Ref
Who would have negotiated a better Brexit, Theresa May or a tin of beans? Turns out it's the beans: #WTOBrexit
But that’s a good thing. I mean, Brexit is total shit isn’t it? Only liars support it, I’m sure you agree.
Whatever happens in next few weeks (&amp; goodness know what that could be) it’s clear that some of the central Brexit myths are already being built to discredit any outcome that don’t meet expectations of hard leavers, especially on Tory right. [1/thread] #brexitmyths
I've given a reasonable chance. I did not jump in the moment the deal was published to go full on rabid Brexit as some have, but it is clear that the deal proposed does not deliver Brexit, and is worse then staying in.
If there is another referendum it should be a simple choice between 's negotiated deal and No Deal Of people like you do not want a choice like this because you know the May deal would lose. #Brexit
There is a vacancy for "Brexit negotiator" I hear....
Jerermy Corbyn: 'Prime Minister's Brexit deal is bad for Wales'
That is a great idea. Thanks will do.....
Hey Jessica? Can you sum up the recent #Brexit developments in a gif ?
The Brexit 75p
Brexit negotiations are damage limitation. Brexitears like to say get behind Brexit, believe, embrace. Can you give an example of Brexit benefits that are not outweighed by Brexit costs?
Oh come now...you must realise that there is nothing in this deal that remotely resembles Brexit.....it will not be passed in Parliament....it is dead....May is toast....we will not become a vassal State....the people will rebel, with violence if necessary
And with no ID scheme and no local registration with council and police - as is case with rest of EU - how will you remove the people on a two-year freebee? You can't.
Through trade deals and agreements negotiated by the EU, which end for the UK on Brexit day. Any such deals would need to be renegotiated between the UK &amp; each individual country. You need to inform yourself better.
Gibraltar MEP Warns Brexit Will Mean GIVING AWAY The Control We Had - LBC
#reesmoggcannotorganise Brexit!
Yes. We remain in but call it Brexit
Jacob Rees-Mogg couldn't organise a hedge fund in Ireland while simultaneously campaigning for Brexit because... oh wait, he already has #nothingtoseehere
Tommy is a Russian /USA dark money sponsored Alt right gob on a stick now branching out from racism to Brexit and “mainstream “ topics . No doubt under orders from his controllers .
Let's all sing to the tune of "thunder-thunder-thundercats!" the brexit song "gammon-gammon-gammonham!"
John Redwood is a tetchy “Vexiteer” who behaves like a petulant public school boy who doesn’t suffer the inquiring inquisitive Irish interviewer easily @
UKIP needs reforming as it’s not working currently and having extremists from right or left will destroy it which would be a shame.Concentrate on Brexit lads and lasses.
Two factories may be too many for British automaker Vauxhall, whose owner is weighing its options in case of a dip in car demand post-Brexit via
I guess you just can't get your head round the fact that someone can care about what happens to the country ahead of themselves. Deborah is clearly expressing genuine views about the damage of Brexit to the UK. I see nothing in there about personal gain
Hmmm,so you think you can scare people into backing the woeful mess you've created,I see,have you got a lot of knighthoods to throw about?
A weekly briefing of the past week's #business #news, courtesy of ... #startups #SmallBiz #newbusiness #FridayRead #FridayMotivation
A usef source of information for the #leavers. I am ofcourse assuming that you can read: #brexit #stopbrexit #brexitshambles #peoplesvote
An idiotic liar can’t be ruled out
I think she will resign immediately if she gets her deal through. Leaving her MPs holding the ugly brexit baby while she enjoys spring walking in the sunshine. I have delivered brexit. So long suckers I'm off before the sh*t hits the fan
She's not a traitor. She's giving you Brexit, you had no idea what you voted for so you can't complain. You're getting Brexit. Don't be a bad winner. The ECJ and the EU will actually be supreme this time. Well played mate.
my favourite thing to do on a night out is listen to racist old white men talk about Brexit at the spoons beforehand
The grave mistake from beginning. Why wd the Leavers have the Remainer PM negotiating with EU? May didnt want to leave. She voted to remain. Of coures, she'd do anyhing in her power to undermine #Brexit. The Leavers should have appointed independent grp of Leavers deal w/ EU
Yeah, you would have stopped with the anger and insults and won the argument instead ... but you couldn’t be bothered. Maybe Corbyn has a brilliant Brexit strategy, and not just meaningless phrases like “access to the single market.” Maybe he can’t be bothered to tell us either
If he doesn't vote in favour of Brexit he can be trusted if he votes against his personal beliefs then this knighthood is a bribe and should be rescinded
Theresa May Takes Her Case for Brexit to the People
JK Rowling shut down Jacob Rees-Mogg's thoughts on Brexit in the best way
But we held all the cards! This was going to be the easiest deal in human history! Why on earth would we have turned our backs in such an easy win? But of course, these were just more of the delusion and lies that Brexit has gorged itself on from the outset.
Wake up. Brexit was never supposed to be delivered, just a protest to get BJ into no 10.
The face of corrupt government
In which case, use your better judgement and oppose this Brexit deal. Let's have a #PeoplesVote and it will be Remain.
They then told us it’s ridiculous to suggest we have given away any powers to #EU. Now they tell us, we are too entangled with EU and it would be impossible to undo it. Brexit has been an eye-opener exposing decades long lies.
One in 200 homeless, police stretched, NHS at breaking point, little care for the elderly and yet we still keep throwing money, lots of money at Brexit. Hope the ERG are proud.
Never, ever sign a treaty that dilutes your sovereignty. Other countries will always push their best interests. You may get the table scraps, but never the full meal. Only you know what's best for your country.
Big business admits Brexit agreement is ‘not a good deal’ via
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on #Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
The Rothschild's are becoming richer &amp; richer with every move the EU makes! It is a scam to the power base of the Globalist the Rothschild's are a part!
C’mon, the Telegraph is a great paper but why do you find it astonishing? unless TINA or let’s call the whole thing off-yes, it’s a dog’s dinner
Have to say #MashReport tonight was really good - price worth paying for #Brexit ??
#Tory Britain #Conservatives #Tories #brexit
#isitok that as a Crimbo present the #brexit divorce payment will be shared equally between all UK residents and the EU can have a finger up the bum instead of a bag of cash #growsome
Probably the cause of people voting for #Brexit F-ing BANKERS
I assume “don’t know” including des ‘neither’, which is now in the lead. Though Corbyn’s drop amongst Labour voters is staggering, but not surprising. Probably his pro-Brexit stance.
The #UK tech sector is deeply divided over the #Brexit deal - MIT Technology Review
Hello Brian, i take it that your Tour means that you won't be available as a guest speaker at an annual conference for my Government department ( Brexit )?
Brexit folk tend talk the UK down - they hark to a now past golden age. They seem to think we have lost the spirit &amp; tenacity we once had. That's strange - because I see bravery, tenacity, people full of honour, respect &amp; pride every day in my news feed. Remain - you are ace!
#reesmoggcannotorganise Keeping quiet during the Brexit shambles before stepping into May's dancing shoes as the new PM. One step at s time Jacob my son.
not if this story is to be believed
After Brexit, Another Vote Looms Over Europe's Finance Industry - Bloomberg
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence | Politics | The Guardian. This is F****ED UP.
Now is the time to declassify. Britain is in turmoil over brexit. One more scandal won’t hurt.
This should be on every news bulletin. Required listening for all MPs, and used as a sound attack on Brussels.
is it ok that every time I hear the phrase 'hammer out a Brexit deal' I think of the father Ted episode when the car has a tiny dent and they try to knock it out and wreck the car?!
HMRC estimated the value of NI exports of goods to IE in 2015 as £2.2bn, with nearly 90% of such trade undertaken by those businesses with EU exports valued above the Intrastat reporting threshold #Brexit #DUP18
MPs take an oath to act in the best interests of the country. Therefore cannot vote for her own Brexit deal
“No one raised Irish border issues [until....July 2017]” What a load of crap.
not if this story is to be believed
You’ve taken somewhat forced offence instead of answering the questions about policy. Typical as in someone who pops up on twitter to say Labour Brexit policy is very clear and it’s ridiculous no one gets it, but then tries to spin past problems people raise. It happens a lot.
There's nothing wrong with BREXIT just the way this piss poor Prime Minister and Oily Robbins have "negotiated". Correctly negotiated wedge home and hosed now.
The Tories have kept the core of non-democratic features of the EU in place—e.g. unaccountable finance &amp; investment/trade in manufactures, commodities &amp; services untouchable by government. If the Tories are free-er to lay waste to the rest, vote Labour.
So why not have a people's vote if leave have nothing to lose? #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #PeoplesVote #SNP #business #politics #Greens #EU #Juncker
#isitok that no one is mentioning the fact that Mogg is only supporting #brexit to avoid the anti tax avoidance directive?
the First Minister does not support a no deal brexit, lies just roll from your tongue effortlessly
It isn't actually Remaining either
#UKIP reducing to its racist core; #Cameron in a posh shed contemplating a return to politics (jog on...); #Johnson nowhere to be seen. How do we bring to account the architects of this total fantasy called #Brexit - now causing untold chaos?
very interesting reference here to US agricultural interests funding the Brexit campaign being more important than Russian money. Is that true? via
European dreams European screams #Brexit
She looks like a witch, dances like jimmy saville, fuck it, she looks like &amp; dances like jimmy saville #Cunt #BrexitBetrayal
The invasion is real...... BREXIT will not happen...... Time to rise..... But how do we go about it...?
Well said, they’re so shallow.
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected- why are we interested in what they want to offer us, let’s go and leave them to sink
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal It can be stopped!
How did they manage to make him look like Hosni feckin Mubarak
Thanks and #TheMashReport for making me laugh about Brexit - was much needed! Very clear and truthful too. Happy to pay my licence for and you guys!
Will the EU allow her to do that seeing as though they will have the last say on everything.
Next Scotland, Wales &amp; NI. Why not? Break up the Union. Destroy the country. It seems the aim of #Brexit is to make everyone #Hate each other.
New leader is preferable to a Liebour government
See everybody same agenda different argument. Different parties. Both the same shit, the people must take back the world away from these corporatist and right wing demigods
Bangladesh has demanded the Falkland Islands become part of Bangladesh after Brexit. Theresa May has agreed and is throwing in the Isle of Wight as well.
Which is precisely why we want out of the EU - it exists as a protectionist blocked for the small percentage of multi global companies who lobby the EU to make rules for them at the expense of smaller businesses
Calm logic will win the day
Does anyone else see the BBC's broken star Brexit logo and just think of Earthshock? #Brexit #DoctorWho #bbcnews
Liars and charlatans duped Brits into voting for #Brexit #newsnight
you are a genius, why are you not in the cabinet? How did the #leave supporters did not come up with such a simple and viable idea to #brexit..... (Supermax Canada + Chequers2) / Nish = #Brexit Keep entertaining the Friday evenings!!! Love your program
Remainer turned Leaver day after that wretched referendum. Doubt he really believes Brexit is right &amp; will probably flip again.
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Less money; less control; weaker NHS. Things didn’t turn out as Leaver politicians promised
Which do you think will be more damaging in the long run, redoing a questionable referendum result or ignoring the reality of Brexit as we now know it?
Non-Brexit question. Has anyone had a problem with the stereo/satnav in a Ford shutting down with the message "Cooling - system is shutting down"?
‘It’s not a good deal’: Email blunder reveals doubts within the CBI about Theresa May's draft Brexit agreement - ITV News
Quality via
So whe are Remainers against No Deal? If it's going to sweep away Brexit you implying in a short time. Why bother with PeoplesVote?
Seriously? You think it’s Brexiteers who are destroying Brexit? Not Remainer PM/Remainer Civil servants who negotiated this horror show &amp; Remainer MPs? The whole negotiation run by Remainers. Blair/Major/Mandleson/Clegg popping over to Brussels to weaken UK negotiating position.
PM limbering up for Brussels weekend #Brexit #TheresaMay #BrexitHeels
Very interesting right now with , discussing May's #Brexit deal. #newsnight
Excellent meeting in Ludlow tonight - audience of all ages expressing dislike of the Brexit deal and calling for a People’s vote with the option of remaining. #PeoplesVote
We need a #Brexit deal. Otherwise we will have to charge tarriffs on English wines.
Brilliant piece of writing here explaining the real consequences of Brexit. Prompting people to campaign against it. "Don't be the witness to your own car crash...with your children strapped in the back"
Remainers must be v careful not to adopt hard Brexiter narrative that May struck a bad deal. There’s no magical good hard Brexit. The PM is actually right: her deal is as good as hard Brexit gets. The issue is not her deal; the issue is that what Leave promised is undeliverable.
Seriously? You think it’s Brexiteers who are destroying Brexit? Not Remainer PM/Remainer Civil servants who negotiated this horror show &amp; Remainer MPs? The whole negotiation run by Remainers. Blair/Major/Mandleson/Clegg popping over to Brussels to weaken UK negotiating position.
“If we can’t have war with Spain, I am excited for an economic war with 27 countries, fought in all our names, by people who literally don’t understand money.”
is it ok that any random is being interviewed by the bbc on Brexit including the wheatus front man? #IsItOk
Mr Pot, let me introduce you to Mr Kettle.
For all those pushing the DUP to support the deal. Even if they wanted to, their voters do not &amp; they are also squeezed on both sides by the UUP &amp; TUV. It would be electoral suicide. #Brexit #DUP18
I didn’t. Half the reason for Brexit was our medieval voting system that effectively disenfranchises huge swathes of the population. No one listened to them so they took their chance when their actual vote counted. Who can blame them?
Is very disheartening to hear Brexiters labelling people as losers who didn’t vote for Brexit! Though have they seen Theresa May’s deal! They actually lost! Anything other than staying in the EU means we all as a United Kingdom have lost.
This is what the Maybots Brexit dividend looks like. Waistlines bulging, blood pressure skyrocketing &amp; intellect stalled at sub neanderthal stage. And now we know why the Maybot was so steadfast in her determination to deliver Brexit. We have control &amp; it's glorious.
if we had an effective opposition I’d agree you are doing your job. But we have no effective opposition. Your job is to oppose the government not to enable #brexit
Take her British passport away as a traitor .
For attacks on the left you have . Plus some right-wing propaganda and a lot of brexit nonsense.
May’s mantra is that she’s delivering the Brexit that the people voted for. Patently the people who voted for Brexit DON’T want her ‘Brexit’. May is delivering the ‘Brexit’ her civil servants, the B of E and her fellow Remainers want, which is no Brexit.
Latterly he’s been talking about Brexit meaning having to wind down car manufacture in the UK. This seems like an important thing to acknowledge also.
With authority from his EU Jesuit masters to use open cheque book to buy greedy ulster Farmers or just use EUSFIRA Chancellor Hammond on Brexit visit to NI
The unapologetic racist. Starts off with a pro Brexit view. Then bit by bit the mask slips until his abhorrent ignorance is laid bare. Talks of rape gangs but cares nothing for rape victims. Cares only for the opportunity to blame Muslims. White rape gangs? He cares not a jot.
Jo Johnson interview: 'We must have a second referendum. This Brexit deal is a catastrophe for the country' via
Was thinking the same thing tonight. Found this thread...and, well, smdh.
The best option is the deal we have . We were told brexit would be better than the deal we have . You have no mandate for a worse deal . If you’re afraid , lean on us , send it back for a #PeoplesVote
#Brexit Can any Brexit ever suggest what their alternative is to this?
This is not true. Unfortunately the people of the UK did not truly believe what they were voting for. Most voters were either just in or out.
May's "Brexit" is a complete (or should I say incomplete ) stitch up ....
Knighthoods for backing ? Well dodgy #FridayFeeling #TheresaMay #Brexit #Tories #Bbcnewsnight #knighthood
Well, I suppose it costs less than the &gt;£1.5bn she used to bribe the DUP. #evenworsethancameronandbrown
Lol at the keyboard warrior. Mate, if Brexit fails (not foiled) then it's because the Brexity types couldn't deliver it. They wouldn't become PM, they wouldn't produce a realistic plan, they wouldn't.... etc etc. Bunch of shirkers.
Record cold temperatures. It's the runaway global warming making it so cold, you see. Also, boys are girls and Brexit is Remain.
My guess is something like brexit, a "deal" is "struck" and then for the next 3 years we see constant drafts and revisions and it ultimately never gets signed.
Free and fair and honest votes is something that is not happening in the uk right now with Brexit..
#reesmoggcannotorganise a vote of no confidence after sending all his bribery money overseas to mitigate the Brexit risk he so dearly desires
Literal “hill to die on.” #Brexit
Brexit hahahahaha is what Mrs May gave whole of England how terrible
"Producers of Scottish salmon, Britain's biggest food export, are seeking reassurance that the #BrexitDeal will not link fishing in British waters by European Union boats with the supply of all British seafood products to EU markets."
Lie still being peddled by May. In the last 24 hours she said she wants the deal agreed - to move on to other things. She may well say immigration controlled, job done and Skip off into the sunset with the other Brexit lunatics. Leaving a decade of work and misery in her wake.
Oh, I am so tired of this shoddy excuse for a Government. Literally the only thing Theresa May seems to care about is immigration. Even Brexit seems to be interpreted as little more than a shot at Freedom of Movement.
My god. The CBI acknowledges #brexit is shit but says it is less shit than us all jumping off a cliff. WE HAVE THE BEST DEAL NOW. We have to be very honest now about what’s happening. Brexit is going to wreck our country #remain
I can't be the only one thinking #Brexit is only one of the multitude of nasties that scurried out under some rock upturned in 2016...
Tommy Robinson - Great Brexit Betrayal Protest march - 9th December 2018 via
So that's the current price of a soul is it? Pretty cheap really must email beelzebub to renegotiate my terms
This deal or no deal will ensure that nothing but brexit is debated fur the next decade. The only way to put this to bed is a #PeoplesVote and #StopBrexit
May's "Brexit" is a complete (or should I say incomplete ) stitch up ....
**BREAKING NEWS** announces latest of his litany of #Brexit red lines: he'll resign if the PM doesn't provide a white Christmas this year. On current form, however, he &amp; he alone will identify whether there's been snowfall, &amp; when Christmas Day actually falls.
Xenophobia to the infinity and beyond! The entitlement of some people reaches the stratosphere! Utterly deluded!
Traffic in the Irish Sea between GB &amp; the island of Ireland. #DUP18 #Brexit
Stephen Barclay named new Brexit Secretary
Only 60 seconds is necessary to share info from a 500 page document containing next to nothing that the people support.
No corbyn wants a labour government like all labour politicians and supporters should want Then we deal with brexit The tories are making a mess of it either way A PV will not get a labour government
Its not Brexit.
Wil Spain back down? #Brexit
Imagine the combined effect of Austerity &amp; Brexit !!!
I repeatedly asked him what his obvious vested interest in brexit was. I’m glad he read that and it pissed him off.
Personally I’m stunned that could be so short sighted. #TommyRobinson will be the best thing to happen to UKIP since their campaign for Brexit. Luckily has the good sense to realise this and to act upon it. #NotAFarRightIssue
After claiming all along that EU membership was the worst of the worst now Brexiteers are saying that Brexit itself is even worse. I guess we are all Remainers now. #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
Only Option now for Brexit is a full and immediate Breakaway from unelected Globalist Rule and destruction of the UK! Save the UK!!
Too late ! #Brexit #Lexit we don't give a damn! have 'Left it' too late! #GetRealJC
May's Brexit deal is a greater threat to Britain than a Corbyn government, tells
#Brexit is nothing more than an exercise in national self-immolation to satisfy a minority view of extreme political ideology, fuelled by rose-tinted memories of our dreadful colonial past mixed with elitist lies and disinformation. That’s why we need a #PeoplesVote
Someone needs to teach those poor kids about the brutal way the EU treats African migrants. Absolutely shameful. Would expect someone like you to do it, but it's like you are on the EU propaganda payroll. #Embarrassing #brexit
It’s absolutely beyond me why goes on a radio phone-in about Brexit when she won’t answer a single question clearly and honestly.
HRC advises Europe to curb mass immigration. But any Western country that doesn't automatically admit everyone that turns up on the border is racist, white supremacist, Nazi, Fascist. Correct?
Pass the cucumber and brexit sandwiches at the rained-off cricket, vicar!
They created the Brexit problem, all the wasted money. When we vote again it should be made compulsory to vote, everyone over age of 16
Absolutely not, because that wrongly assumes migration was the focus of leave voters. Taking back control was the focus and May has sold us out. We are not interested in her lies and weak offerings.
#isitok that Korg would make a great Brexit negotiator?
Oh bore off you stupid man #Brexit #Gibraltar
Well, if you voted leave because you were tricked by the elite into blaming foreigners for your problems I think you deserve to be ostracised from a social group. It’s a really good judge of character #Brexit #wheatusknowmoreaboutbrexitthanmay
She and Corbyn are itching to vote for May's Brexit. Once they do there will be a loud chorus of: "Oh let's get rid of Jeremy Corbyn, he's not the boy to give us joy with his I like Brexit so therefore let him exit."
we have to factor in Israel also doing bombing missions throughout the war into Syria
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain. It undermines Britain's economic status, demolishes its political status, severs its territorial integrity and imposes dangerous governance on N Ireland. Write to your MP to demand a #PeoplesVote &amp; #Remain.
She never answers questions- watch her in the house
Theresa May refuses 3 times to deny she'll resign if her Brexit deal is defeated
Can we just get rid of this Government. Please. just provide some opposition.
In life there’s several negotiation outcomes ; 1. synergise, 2. win: win, 3. win:lose, 4.lose:win &amp; with special kind of idiocy there’s 5. lose:lose. Britain v Europe = lose:win. Leave v remain = lose:lose #PeoplesVote #brexit #whatsthepoint
#Isitok that #BBCAskThis can ask pointedly #sexist questions about men resigning from Theresa May's cabinet when 4 women have also resigned? #Brexit Would a male presenter #getawaywithit ?
happy punting the brexit deal poll but no mention of this. Serious Journalism is supposed to be balanced.
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
You can't see declining investment and job losses, banks/others moving jobs to EU already? Now tell me again what you like about brexit, and try not to launch any personal attacks, as it may result in you being humiliated. Lets try again shall we. What promises can be achieved?
Irony is Brexiteers only ever pretended to care about FoM. They tricked people into equating it with Middle Eastern immigration to win the ref. Now May’s called their bluff by making it the only Brexit issue. Only pride stops the Brexiteers now calling for remain. #PeoplesVote
Meanwhile at , "#Brexit isn't going well" "Let's distract them and charge a Scotsman with a hate crime?" "Jolly good idea!" "No one in London will care!" "Saluting dogs are a scourge upon our community."
After supporting Brexit, Britain’s curry house owners are left with a bitter taste via
The man is tortured. He has to vote for Brexit, even though he knows it is Europe's greatest act of self harm for a generation. He is probably not sleeping well.
Resign and make way for a new Conservative leadership ...voters are seething with your betrayal of #Brexit vote
Mr Portillo talking sense - no wonder he’s no longer a politician
As previously stated. You are putting words in my mouth. I was not suggesting that every one who voted labour and cons was pro brexit. But they must be pro respecting the ref as their vote constributes to implementing the result.
power of media,,
We need to realize this is oligarch puppet theatre. Banks is Punch and Farage is Judy
This is "Brexit means #Brexit". After all, you haven't delivered on any the promises made for Brexit.
Steve's boss said it - not me:
Thinking that voting Green might be the only safe vote against #Brexit
Can’t really believe that we’ve got Gina Miller’s forcing a parliamentary vote to save us from Theresa ’s brexit
Is it just me cackling with laughter at the timestamp for Raab’s tenure as Brexit Secretary? My mum had that job longer. #Newsnight
So what? It's irrelevant and it's total nonsense anyway. The POINT is, the #EU has been a total disaster for Britain, we need to get OUT. #Brexit is the only option - but NOT on #TheresaMay's terms
You handled it better then me. In a debate about Brexit with with largely uninformed family over Sunday i lost my cool and called my brother an NPC
Empty threats from blowhards playing to a domestic audience....seems familiar. Spain can't veto Brexit, or any part of it.
Message for TREASON MAY the people know exactly what your game is Let the people get bored and they let anything go No thanks Bring on WTR let's have a proper Brexit In charge laws In charge immigration In charge money In charge sovereignty And you on your bike
It’s why they’ve lost over a million listeners over the past year alone!
Hmm #FuckTheBrexitDeal was it?
87% of traffic across the Irish border is by car not freight #DUP18 #Brexit
Drain the swamp. Deals, bad deals and Brexit.
Spot on!! Powerful and incisive commentary by on the what drove the #brexit negotiations from the UK side -(anti)immigration is the key.
Absolutely right. At the very time we need Nigel he starts a war
The 17.4 million votes to leave the European Union was the highest number of democratic votes cast for anything in UK electoral history. This was the biggest democratic mandate to a UK Government to #Brexit.
The Treaty of Versailles was a punitive Treaty. We all know what happened afterwards. #WTO #UFT #Brexit
We cannot support Brexit deal as it stands, says DUP leader #europenews
Yes. Brexit is NOT progressive. It will achieve THE OPPOSITE of what is promised. Ideals are easy. Reality is hard.
its mays arse-lickers Mantra now "my constituents tell me get #Brexit done" #Traitormays Mantra My EU/Robbins/may deal is Good for jobs business in UK.... Translation Fuck the 17.4+ Million who voted #Leave the #EU
Your point is proven. *sigh*
Thread: I’m a huge fan of Robert Tombs’ work (‘The English and their History’ is possibly my favourite nonfiction book) and he’s one of the most consistently thought provoking pro-Brexit commentators...
Before brexit
Two factories may be too many for British automaker Vauxhall, whose owner is weighing its options in case of a dip in car demand post-Brexit via
I do NOT understand this: Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists | World news | The Guardian
HELLO. HELLO. HERE WE GO.. , ,
Also, not sure how relevant it would be anyway what with Brexit... it's all ifs buts and maybes at this point. Presumably once we're fully out we can go back to doing things however we want... but why would we want to pickle our corpses in this ludicrous fashion?!
This Brexit probably is the best form of Brexit possible, but it is terrible for Britain. All the disadvantages with none of the supposed advantages, because we now know they were fantasy (charitable) or lies (reality). So no, there is no conceivable form I would support... 4/
BBC News - Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
Note that the Northern Ireland Executive (inc Sinn Fein) previously agreed their would be no Irish Sea border &amp; say NI would seek access to the EU single market (not membership) #Brexit #DUP18
main reasons cited for why we shouldn’t have a 2nd referendum on Brexit is the woolly answer of ‘it could cause huge social conflict,riots,disengagement, disenfranchisement,public outrage’... what would the most likely social outcome be if we had a 2nd ref with result = remain ?
This is funny! Since when has any government ever had to account itself for promises not kept??? Name me one of those governments that did? Brexit negotiations are not a done deal yet. Why not give it its due time. Why the rush to conclusions when it does not go your way?
May's "Brexit" is a complete (or should I say incomplete ) stitch up ....
This is how it is remainers. _Nothing_ has changed
although it is not a perfect deal, just get on with it! You are killing businesses, jobs and families by not going forward. STOP your political ideology and bickering, you are killing Great Britain. #Brexit
Why on Earth would they form the impression that the government would implement what they suggested? I've heard some nonsense in these Brexit debates, but that one takes the cake.
10 *CONVICTED* Cases Of #SatanicRitualAbuse In #UK #SRA #CSA #BBC #HampsteadCoverup #UKIP #Brexit #Infowars #UKColumn #TommyRobinson #Gogglebox #Pizzagate
Indeed. #ComeOnArlene
is that the best the tories could to is put up justice Secretary Rory steward to answer Brexit questions, gov in tatters, #Newsnight
The first series of that show was good, they had a go at everyone and everything. Now they've just gone typical lefty anti-Brexit twaddle. Even you tone yourself down.
No more fucked than we are now. I am seriously reviewing my limited options for leaving the country if Brexit happens. I don't have much chance. But I may have to take it.
First, Austerity was imposed upon us. Then this Brexit nightmare. And now we have the return of Noel fucking Edmonds on our television screens.
As an European I would like to see immigrants like you deported from the EU. Brexit is not that bad after all.
'Stone me - says here Spain wants to torpedo Brexit by re-opening talks on Gibraltar.' 'But we Barbary Macaques are British, dad!' 'So we are, son. And I'll tell you something - if Spain takes over we're moving to Wigan.'
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Because with regard to Brexit that is how we are being treated by our British " masters " But it won't be long before we have the last laugh - staying in the EU as an Independent nation while the rest leave and their economy tanks
Exclusive: Keep your promise on Brexit, conference delegates tell Corbyn | LabourList
What is deeply worrying is how these groups (IEA,TPA etc) have sprung up from nowhere and in a short time have so much influence.The IEA now advises Tory MPs on Brexit, advocate privatising the NHS, go with David Davis to the US for trade talks. Who are they &amp; who pays them ?
Mrs May's deal simply isn't Brexit. Time to put a Brexit supporting leader in place and seize the opportunities that are out there, not squander them in the way Mrs May seems so determined to do.
Oh yes please. Did she not mention the ‘no brexit’ ricket this time. She’ll be saving that for later
This document does not deliver the fantasists' and 's ideal of Brexit because it was never possible to meet the fantasies unless EU gave up on the principles the 27 adhered to. Cloud cuckoo land!
This stinks!
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Sinn Fein say EU policies lower wages, worker conditions &amp; lead to cuts, austerity &amp; privatisation #Brexit #DUP18
"#UKIP...the party will cease to be an electoral force." One of the reasons David Cameron put an #EURef in the Conservative Manifesto for GE2015: to shut #NigelFarage &amp; #UKIP down. He never thought that people would actually vote #Brexit That's why he didn't prepare for it.
Is it a coincidence that on this time of BREXIT fever and freedom of movement debates that we are getting more stories about the Border Force stopping illegal immigrants in the Channel?
Its quite hard to persaude the public that this deal is anything but a load of rubbish, as the cpuntry has already turned its back on Brexit. Clearly is now trying to push something that is now the minority view. So much for our parliamentary democracy.
May's "Brexit" is a complete (or should I say incomplete ) stitch up ....
I would like to Brexit from that part of Hampshire please.....Chope is beyond help.....
Is really as dim as she seems? Can anyone advise? Brexiteer and wanted #Brexit even though they hadn’t a clue what it means and how to make it work without destroying the economy. They are now to blame for the disaster.
Shall we find out? #FinalSay
Anyone from outside the country looking at these charts would ask: “So why the hell are you doing it?” And they’d have a point.
Thanks for the grammar Lesson. Don’t doubt your superior knowledge of grammar compared to me. But your racist little mind must be burning with hate seeing your dream Brexit falling apart like one of your suits. Maybe this picture will cheer you up
#Indyref2 can't come quick enough, we need out!!! Sick listening to these useless self-serving Tory cunts. #Brexit
Instead they have been attempting to get back into bed with the EU and conjure up a deceiptful deal that they can pretend is a Brexit but really is remaining.
May thinks she can win enough support by being harsher to foreign people. Brexit banks on enough of us supporting institutional prejudice. God I hope we can prove her wrong!
The fact that is the best the government can come up with to promote the Brexit deal on #newsnight speaks volumes.
Please sign and pass on if you haven't already. #ExitFromBrexit via
Sinn Féin's 2017 Westminster manifesto says the EU undermines the rights of citizens &amp; creates widespread hardship #Brexit #DUP18
Sad to see a so-called liberal progressive socialist also so completely ignorant deluded about the EU. No wonder #Brexit UK is so screwed up. Isolation with no influence and unable to cooperate with European nations is not progress but negative regression.
Serious question has had some sort of medical episode as she needs sectioning. #brexit We have had some dire politicians but the 2019 Dictionary entry. “Incompetent sums it up.
Both!!!
#isitok that every time I hear the phrase 'hammer out a Brexit deal' I think of the father Ted episode when the car has a tiny dent and they try to knock it out and wreck the car?!
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Sarah.....' do you go to sleep dreaming of #brexit #TheresaMay ....'(laughs). Well I certainly don't go to sleep dreaming of Brexit I can tell you that. What the fuk are we paying you for?. U should eat, drink &amp; sleep &amp; shit brexit until you put fwd a practical deal #Gibraltar
You are the political elite - you’re an MP; although perhaps you hadn’t noticed ... delivering Brexit will do lasting damage to our country - democracy died when you lot voted A50 through without so much as an outline plan
#Brexit is like a war that was started by a bunch of hardcore ideologues the war has long been lost but #TheresaMay &amp; #RoryStewart are like 2 Japanese soldiers on a isolated Pacific island who are still fighting the war. #Newsnight
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
Wow! Breaking News: May cancels Brussels Summit. "Withdrawal Agreement untenable" Says "No" to 2nd vote Brexit in tatters.
The big difference is Corbyn is the leader of the non existent opposition. Anna Soubry has done more than he remotely has to oppose #Brexit.
Rory Stewart's face though. #Brexit #Newsnight
Felix nailed it. He’s nailed it.
Northern Ireland's biggest Union on how the EU is a rich man's club #DUP18 #Brexit
One of the many ironies here is that the DUP could have avoided all of this, not further exposed party on #Brexit, not picked fights it couldn’t win with UFU etc ....and the deal would have most likely failed in HoC anyway....
Poll: May's Brexit Bungle Near Universally Unpopular
Mind you, if May thinks Brexit will end the Tory infighting, she's wrong. There will be a faction wanting to re-enter, who will be just as vociferous and troublesome to the Tories as before... Which I will enjoy.
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
Saturday’s TELEGRAPH: May to curb migration as Brexit vote looms #tomorrowspaperstoday
NEW #PolHomePodcast: A Brexit Feast - Waffle From Brussels. Everything you need to know about the future trade road-map for the UK and EU and how it could come back to bite Theresa May. PLUS: Interviews with and LISTEN HERE:
Age of Madness - prosecuting Boris and other tales from the Brexit front ...
Yes, I accepted this point in the previous round. :) Then again, we had 50+% of the electorate who had no Remain party to vote for. So FPTP prevented some Nazis to be elected, but also stopped a majority for Remain/soft Brexit. I think FPTP causes more problems than it solves.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
is this #EuropeanUnion willing to allow after #brexit a sheer british colony in its territory such as #Gibraltar??? #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #uk #spain
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
The fact the best person can send to #Newsnight to support her Joke of a #BrexitDeal is this #Police Minister &amp; who was a disaster as #Floods Minister &amp; is currently a nightmare as Police Minister Speaks volumes. RIP #Brexit #Skypapers #Bbcpapers
What was promised was never deliverable that was the problem, pushed either through stupidity or deliberate disinformation. Whichever it was it the leaders of Brexit have much to answer for.
“This deal is a very good deal”. - Rory Stewart MP #newsnight #brexit
BREXIT VICTORY - BRITAIN AND THE U.S. IN PROPHECY - HERBERT W. ARMSTRONG via
Yes Julie I am very, very, very angry about this! It's perhaps *the* most tragic aspect of Brexit.
Why would she humiliate Britain like this? Lawyer savages Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Whaling
So Rory Stewart is the best salesman Theresa May has to sell her Brexit sham deal. Another quisling and typical Tory dullard. #Newsnight #MayMustGo
Brexit explain in one word - LIES - #Conned
I do, and because he believes the alternative is a no deal Brexit which could very well happen. I think we’re all in agreement that no Brexit is the better alternative
and she has finally let "or no Brexit at all" slip out. It could be a clever game she's okay end, as
74% are just bored of hearing about the brexit bollox
World News (Nov. 23, 2018 EDN): #Spain’s Socialist Prime Minister threatens to ‘veto Brexit’ – #CIA Has “Smoking Gun Phone Call” Of #MbS Giving Order To “Silence” #Khashoggi – Cold records dating back to 1895 broken by 4 degrees in #Canada #BreakingNews
Let’s adopt the same attitude then to benefits - once the dwp has made a decision that’s it - and post brexit Britain can do what it likes see how folk feel about no EU protection then..
Rory Stewart How does May,s deal recognise the #Brexit result? #Newsnight
Jezza woos a crowd of people who already agree with him. Quelle fucking surprise! #Brexit
BTW brexit hasn't happened, and probably won't, so how can they be "facts". What polls mean is a fair indication of reality. Exit "won" by a couple of percent. Whoopee. Now they'd lose. That's down to their lies. Tell me again who voted for a poorer future, and why?
Anyone with a modicum of wit can see that a frictionless NI-ROI border without infrastructure is perfectly possible by adapting existing admin systems like VAT, invoicing, CMR, EMCS, TRACES, etc along with trusted trader schemes &amp; "in market checks" #Brexit #DUP18
The taxpayer funded #ERG has absolutely no credibility whatsoever. It cannot count beyond 25. #brexitshambles #peoplesvote #FinalSay #Resistance #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Would you like to support out brexit Baubles campaign? Truth to the people via brexit ads. #Remain
Tories are always intrinsically Tory. Even Ken Clarke. #Remain
Less strictly fact base "Brexit is stupid" meme than normal Hey &amp; the have said all along the best deal is to remain in the #EU #StopBrexit #FBPE #Brexitcast
Great Brexit knowledge quiz. I'm relieved to say I got 11/12 what will you get
JK Rowling shut down Jacob Rees-Mogg's thoughts on Brexit in the best way
May's "Brexit" is a complete (or should I say incomplete ) stitch up ....
In #Holland we have an agency that calculates the cost &amp; effects of all government plans #CPB. You must have something like that too, so what is the outcome of the #brexit cost/benefit calculations and how are these numbers backed ?
Nigel you give me hope.
You guys are arguing with a stupid Brexit bot
Never forget that she stood for the Leadership after the Referendum result was in. It was an advisory Referendum. She didn't have to take the electorate's advice. She chose to take it. She chooses to do Brexit this way. This is Theresa's Brexit. She chooses this Brexit every day.
Brexit in 6 seconds
Hi, as one of your electorate, please stop telling people that I want Mrs May to "just get on"with Brexit. You never asked me and you don't speak for me. If Mrs May stays in power and this pathetic deal goes through you can kiss your arse goodbye at the next election
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
Big fan, but I too think you have got it wrong Nigel. The political divide is increasing. Oppressive state laws and enforcement, lack of justice, social upheaval and Brexit being sabotaged.
this nation voted for brexit n tories mate a dont think thats any credibility
Tiny Gibraltar risks derailing Brexit deal via
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected - are you mad woman - ( sorry rhetorical question ) there’s already a much much better deal on the bloody table #Remain #nobrexit
I realise it’s too late this time but the next time is in the UK get him on to talk Trump &amp; Brexit. A rare voice of sanity amongst all the vitriol &amp; madness
I'm applying for a 10 yr residence card for France in case of no deal Brexit. I rang a few days ago and they said they'd send me confirmation and an appointment date through the post with details of what paperwork I need to bring as proof that I've been her over 5 yrs have.....
German economic growth would take a major hit in the event of a no-deal Brexit - UK withdrawal agreement is definitely tweakable within reason but May is out of her depth.
‘An electoral force’ *laughs up lungs*
This is a quote from Simon Sinek. It could have been about Brexit. “The passion to change the world for the better is a more powerful force than defense to keep it the same."
#Brexit is one big shamble. Whether you voted for remain or out. It was an unneccesary referendum and Tories took down the whole country. My Personal opinion is still that the EU may not be perfect, but damn it is way better than the US. We have rules and Regulations. Glad!
That is Project: Fear - don't fall for their audacious lies.. These so-called politicians demonstrate the effrontery to challenge #Brexit when they don't have a crystal ball.... they are scaremongering because they don't want Brexit for personal agenda.
You and your emotive slogans, Mike, never any answers as to how it'll all work out. Brexit is a fine thing if you're not going to lose your job because it's dependent on JIT supply chains, and if you have financial security so the rise in the cost of living doesn't worry you.
Don’t like the repeated videos showing May looking odd in her Radio5 interview on . What she looks like is irrelevant; it is what she does including Windrush, Hostile Environment and the real practicalities of Brexit are what matter not video of her looking odd.
Jo Johnson interview: 'We must have a second referendum. This Brexit deal is a catastrophe for the country' via
If 's plan is defeated in the Commons, there IS a chance of getting a better deal: it's called REMAINING. #Brexit
Customs expert on the existing TRACES system which tracks all agricultural &amp; livestock shipments &amp; movements across Europe &amp; how it could remove checks between NI&amp;ROI after Brexit. #Brexit #DUP18
#TheresaMay ‘s #Brexit Divorce from the #EuropeanUnion will be like #HenryV111 Divorce from the #RomanCatholicChurch the religion is still practically the same ,nothing major will change we will all still be Europeans
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of socalled #NorthernIrish #Backstop #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #TotalitarianEU #StandUp4Brexit NOW!
I’ll continue to work hard and there will still be work for me, but it’s the skilled guys on the shop floor I worry about. Their jobs will be going. No reason to keep them in the UK after Brexit.
Hard to believe believes what he is saying on #bbcnewsmight in defence of #Brexit deal
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
Easy now. Let us nor bully the poor chap. It must be hard to watch his fantasy Brexit crumbling before his eyes: we shouldn't rub his nose in it.
Hillary Clinton: Merkel schuld an Trump und Brexit via
"Shoot yourselves in the foot, it's better than jumping off a cliff." This deal is terrible. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
What we have, is what you get, when a bunch of Remainers negotiate Brexit. Well, one Remainer and another with terrible leadership skills and no vision. The only possible way to force a true Brexit is to leave with no deal. This is the default position we must now defend
Whatever....
Theresa May Faces Calls from Key MPs to Ditch Irish Backstop from Brexit Deal ahead of…
“In the UK, people who supported Brexit were considerably more likely to give credence to conspiracy theories than those who opposed it, with 71% of leave voters believing at least one theory compared with 49% of remain voters.”
Good.
The mosque should sue the and so should This country is a cesspool of shit and racism.
Its really unknown until it’s happened... #brexit - feels like being stuck on a delayed train. Sometimes the majority selection/vote doesn’t mean it’s always right... but whatever happens in the future, everyone needs to live with the past &amp; work together now...
What I think would be great to see, would be the CofE speaking out against the inhumane language used by May and others in their namecalling of EU nationals as "queue jumpers". There's an awful lot more the CofE could do in taking a stand in Brexit debates.
Remain voting Barrister Austen Morgan says the Irish border problem is fictitious #Brexit #DUP18
Were any journalists allowed to cover the speech?
I'm disappointed if you vote for this deal the government will be finished and probably yourself. Your not delivering on the manifesto which people voted for you. Have a rethink
How Scotland’s science minister aims to protect research from Brexit
We don’t want any of their fishing grounds!We just want to get ours all back!!!
Where are you Thelma?
“May still resembles Gromit on the runaway train, frantically laying the track just in front of him to avert disaster”
May's "Brexit" is a complete (or should I say incomplete ) stitch up ....
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype
When asked about Brexit... I think this is perhaps one of the most powerful graphics which shows how the British People see themselves in the World... Let's have freedom of movement across Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom... #CANZUK &gt;250,000 Signs so Far...
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
I trade ES off monthly zones. If 2620 actually breaks hard then we are seeing 2290. That will likely establish a range for several years. Nothing political has changed except Brexit so there is nothing substantive to kill the growth narrative in the macro view
Brexit in 18 seconds
Brexit reasons becoming clearer...
The BBC is not worth listening to these days !
so #migrants DO NOT come to the UK - we don’t like you or want you free loading on welfare, #nhs, housing and education. Stay in the #Eu #brexit will be delivered to close the broad like
Useful table setting out scope for future economic relations with #EU after #Brexit - could take years to negotiate, given such a divided government &amp; Parliament, &amp; lay foundations for a new constitutional settlement.
I feel like you could've used a few more arrows
To bed now. More #brexit on the morrow. Am told Spanish/Gibraltar issue still not resolved. Zzzzz.
How is she there she is in denial has lost 3 votes one the budget why is she there?
May's deal is the best #Brexit could ever get. The problem with Brexit is Brexit.
I still don't understand the logic of voting for a party that wants to pursue brexit rather than a party which is against brexit. At least then, your vote could be seen as an anti brexit vote.
Traitor versus Traitor - Britain as now hit rock bottom. #Corbyn #Labour #BrexitBetrayal #ChuckMay #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #Remoaners #UKIP #ForBritain #BrexitNow
Looks like a metaphor for Brexit!
Do you think ever wakes up in the morning and just thinks ‘Fuck it! I’m not dealing with this shit today’? #Brexit #PrimeMinister
Yeah, but it's obviously really all Corbyn's fault... Absolute fucking Muppets...
Don't worry you'll have quite some time before you're done thwarting brexit
Rory Stewart MP's way of selling the Brexit deal, "It respects the referendum" That's it. That's your sales pitch. That's how you convince the vast amounts of people that are critical of this Brexit shambles? Really? #Newsnight
What is a *proper Brexit*? Describe it and describe its consequences &amp; benefits. Go...
I'm not on the left at all. Just think you're in no way qualified to be talking about a technical process like Brexit. What are your credentials?
So May's deal is 'economically neutral' is it? We were told that Brexit would be great for our economy. And this deal has plenty of other disadvantages, such as paying into the EU for years. Why are we self-sabotaging? #Newsnight
the Jesuits didn't give a fuck in the 80s' when our industries were being shut down; affecting millions, not thousands; the same industries sold off by the likes of Heseltine, Mandelson and Rifkind to guess who... European firms... hypocrisy knows no bounds with Jesuits
Totally agree. Their dereliction of duty re: brexit is startling. Will hit the communities they claim to protect the hardest but they're busy playing 6th form politics waiting for a GE that won't come
Today’s #PoliticsLive gave a platform to to speak of her meeting ‘thousands’ of leavers who would revolt if brexit not delivered. No one demurred....
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
Brexit equals Utopia. Shame so many manufacturing companies state the opposite. Even Jacob transfered business interests to Dublin. And the NHS was a 350M lie.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
What no halo? You are a Brexit saint
World News (Nov. 23, 2018 Edition): Record snowfall at “roof of the world” – Pakistani PM claims #Jesus ‘had no mention in history’ – Anonymous blows lid off huge psyop in Europe and it’s funded by UK &amp; US #BreakingNews #ClimateChange #GlobalCooling
Can you please point out to Rory Stewart that we are supposed to live in a democracy which doesn't mean that pompous elites tell the public what we must want and what we can't have - we voted to Leave which means a full Brexit Hard Brexit is just a remainer term to scare people
Retweet this so f-ing hard.
No commment needed.......
Low wages and long hours and high cost of living do that , why would you stay. we who were born here have no money to leave or we would be right behind them . How lucky are they , I wish them luck !
Rubbish
Jacob Rees-Mogg couldn't organise an escape from an unlocked room. #reesmoggcannotorganise #brexit
"But people will have heard, if they've look at what's happened in parliament, they'll have heard there are voices in parliament that actually want to frustrate Brexit and want to stop Brexit." BY GEORGE I THINK SHE'S GOT IT !
I believe Mrs May was always a secret leaver. She is trying her best to get Brexit. I voted remain and proud to be a remoaner - as I believe with my heart and soul we are doing a ridiculous thing. No-one could have done better than the PM.
Having said that, May's regime likely won't weather this Brexit storm, and Corbyn's Labour aren't likely to be so tolerant of inappropriate financial schemes. He's also in favour of a border poll, when the time's right. That'd be about 2022, when the 2021 census data lands. Enjoy
Yes they are, but every one gets Theresa's special deal, a free Knighthood for every vote for her Brexit deal .
And still the government faff about trying to deliver a #Brexit the majority of people in this country don’t want. Think of the money wasted on this issue. Not to mention the enormous amount of time. Both could have been used to tackle poverty and other problems.
Remain only lost to a fantasy, cake and eat it brexit in 2016. Let's see how it gets on against a real life, deliverable brexit, eh ? We both know that there has never been majority support for any specific brexit path.
If the Council thought a Brexit impact report was so important why have they waited until now to begin it? Whether your view is positive or negative Brexit means change so to have sat on their hands for 2 years isn't good look for the Council.
If you’re a Driver in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Here’s how ‘taking the deal to the country’ will (try to) work. Choreographed/stage managed questions broadcast on Remain news networks to hoodwink the electorate into believing its a good deal or no #Brexit at all!
#DaphneCaruanaGalizia The crowdfund that's to challenge "lying in politics pronlem in UK": Boris Johnson's Brexit campaign lie Target: 500000£
You don’t think pubs etc buy imported goods ? Are you crazy , of course they do , as do many other businesses who support brexit .
"Hayes was quoted by the Sun as saying: “I still need a lot of persuading to vote for May’s Brexit deal". Translation: If you want my vote it will cost at least a seat in the House of Lords.
Struggling to hit ‘like’ but did for your continued outspoken views on the shambles that is #Brexit and all the sad rubbish surrounding it. Thank you from this German queue jumping admirer of your artistry
Of the 11 constituencies in Northern Ireland with Unionist MPs, the average vote at the referendum was 50.7% for Leave. (This includes Independent Unionist MP Sylvia Hermon) 7 DUP MPs are elected in constituencies that voted Leave #Brexit #DUP18
I just emailed my MP asking them to protect our environment after Brexit. Join me:
So now she is speaking on behalf of the EU!
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
Here we go again.. May will destroy her party due to a failed #brexit and many will rejoice and see it as an end to austerity..
The Conservatives are the remain party that took the UK into the EU and spent £9.8M on a remain leaflet to every household in 2016. They are not and never have been a brexit party.
(Brexit deal: DUP may 'look again' at confidence and supply if withdrawal agreement passes parliament, Arlene Foster warns) The Northern Irish party says it cannot support the prime minister unless she ditches the proposed backstop Source link -
“It’s better for one fundamental reason, it respects the result of the referendum,” says justice minister Rory Stewart on May’s Brexit deal adding, if we were to ignore the result of the referendum “you would create a polarising toxic politics in this country” #newsnight
100% - "not many for No Deal" - "not many for No Brexit" = "lots for this deal" Shaky logic there Mr Stewart. #newsnight
Rob, there is a reason they are remainers, saddos!!!!
He also said that given the current situation in which we find ourselves in, this is the best deal which Gib has got unless we had gone for hard Brexit which would have been catastrophic for us.
Sinn Fein have campaigned on the fact that the EU's Lisbon Treaty lowers wages #Brexit #DUP18
The Left needs to censor us after all who wants to have conversations with people who can kick your dick in with statistical facts historical &amp; scientific that absolutely obliterates their pipe dream of multicultural utopia.! #Brexit #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Will you resign if the Govt Brexit sell out fails to get through Parliament ?
Well if we had got a #brexit that would have worked
Yes, mate.
At what point does the Deal and it’s consequences become so dire that any Brexit ‘positives’ (eg ending FoM) seem relatively unimportant?
Brexit is just a side show to distract from the dreadful consequences of this Tory government's policies.
The sad thing is, remainers would rather the uk get a shit deal than make a success of brexit.
Disgraceful of having no scrupples in asking such a venomous person back on the panel after her anti Corbyn rant. Shameful.
Interesting that the Catalan Gov. doesn’t support the Spanish governments stance on Gibralta. At times of internal strife governments tend to exploit external opportunities to distract from their own problems at home.
Surely someone with the right skill set can make this happen in a Photoshop/video editing piece of wonderment...?
Whether #brexit happens or not, Referendum Vote exposed true nature of our politicians and corruption that is rife in our political establishment. To ditch one’s long held beliefs for knighthood is a tough choice. I’m sure John Hayes will do the honourable thing &amp; turn it down
"Brexit is no longer about brexit, it's about how the political elite sucker punch the electorate into abandoning their will." #BrexitBetrayal #JunkTheBackstop #BinTheBackstop #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #ChuckChequers #ERG #SuperCanada #Labourleave #LeaveEU #Brexit
Do you want retweets for that ? #brexit
Unlike race mongers like you.
Your reality clearly much different to that of the majority certainly north of the border. You can stick your Brexit up your arse.
A vintage piece too. Marvellous stuff!
Nah! We need No Brexit, this deal is a complete waste of time.
This is like the moment in a horror film where the mad scientist is dragged down and disappears under the writhing mass of his own witless, hate-filled creations. You can't pull the pin and then tell the grenade not to go 'bang'.
I was right then though! Indy then would’ve been as chaotic as Brexit is now. I’m less sceptical about Indy now though than I was then..largely because it’s an escape route from doomed UK!
Leavers, Brexiters, whoever - what don't you understand? You cannot keep telling us to respect the Referendum outcome when so many of you who voted Leave don't support the Brexit being proposed. Leavers don't even support Brexit. Don't ask the rest of us to do so.
Saturday's Telegraph: "May to curb migration as Brexit vote looms" #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via )
9mins in and......Brexit (by Polly)!
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
Obama called it as it was. How we getting on with 'easiest deal in human history'? Most leavers don't want reality of this either, now.
Disappointed in rant. He missed out Brexit. #whacymru Oh...hang on, he’s got in giving the people a vote. Fair enough. #WHACymru
Ross Thompson is interpretating the vote as wanted by 17.4 million people , switch the 2014 result if what has happened in brexit happened in Scoexit what would you be saying or position would you hold ??
‘Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day‘ ... the perfect storm has been created by our institutional parties. Time for a different approach.
and that is why ppl like you will never understand the brexit vote
#Rory, Rory tell us a story, Stewart trying to sell May’s WA on #newsnight now. Good grief - give it a rest man. The horse is dead, stop flogging this rubbish deal. #RoryStewart #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal.
No you didn't. Brexit was unquantified at the time of the vote. And it largely still is. Voting for it was therefore idiotic.
there it is, again. the only reason to continue #Brexit is out of fear of UKIP and the far right. zero benefit. welcome to the Chamberlain column of history. #newsnight
Maybe they half a million voters should be taken out the equation like the Brits done with the EU citizens in Brexit vote.
What hopes and futures are left them after your moronic Brexit?
Typing this while reeling in pain with a bad connection and the laptop needs to be in a certain position .. hence why I have been a bit slow But yeah if being a grammar Nazi makes you feel like you have won the Brexit argument? What floats your boat cupcake
N. Irish Party Says It Could Leave May Government if Brexit Deal Passes
you are a genius, why are you not in the cabinet? How did the #leave supporters not come up with such a simple and viable idea to #brexit..... (Supermax Canada + Chequers2) / Nish = #Brexit Keep entertaining the Friday evenings!!! Love your program #MashReport
. is both right and wrong. He should remember that 2+2=4 not 22
Brexit deal latest: Spanish PM claims EU summit could be CANCELLED over Gibraltar row
Agreed. But I talked, repeatedly, to a UK, now American, about multiple reasons to support Clinton, never support Trump. In the end, I'm sure she voted Idiot Boy. She also thought Brexit was a wonderful idea!
Wow, is there nothing TM won’t do to protect her job
Rentoul is a propagandist telling us that Brexit has been delivered &amp; demeaning anyone who suggests otherwise. We voted to Leave full stop. Not with a deal &amp; certainly not with a pretend deal. #EstablishmentStitchUp
I am one of your constituents, I sincerely hope you will be putting your letter into the 1922 committee. If your leader is allowed to continue on this path, the Conservatives are finished for a generation. I have specifically joined, like many others to stop that wretched woman.
Under the Fixed Term Parliament Act the DUP could switch sides for coalition gov without an election &gt;&gt;DUP Westminster leader threatens to release 2010 &amp; 2015 Labour &amp; SNP correspondence on deals with the DUP #Brexit #DUP18
Ah, but as the front men step aside, what do we see? #BRexit #UK Thankful for clarity.
WTO Brexit as you call it damages trade, makes us all poorer, hurts the weak and vulnerable the hardest, removes employment and environmental protections, risks the NHS, adversely affects our universities, our science and arts sectors etc etc Did you really vote for that? Why?
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
"Face it, war with Spain is the perfect way to unite our apparently hopelessly divided nation" #brexit
Pedro Sánchez: EU summit in doubt if no Gibraltar deal: MADRID — Spain’s prime minister said he… #Brexit #Politico
They didn't. But even allowing for your case of Brexit maths, surely the electorate is allowed to change its collective mind once the facts emerge?
Alcohol awareness important. However nothing beats Minimum Unit Pricing (MUP). Let the parlimentarry Muppets get behind this. Forget Brexit. We want MUP.
Thankyou for a great evening.
Tbf why not have Brandon B. Brown discuss Brexit? The people supposedly qualified on the subject have done the chuff end of a dogdirt sandwich on the subject
#Conservative #Cowards ? They will have much time to repent their #Betrayal, after the Huge defeat they'll suffer at the next #GeneralElection ! #BrexitBetrayalMarch #MayMustGoNow !!!
The UK STILL hasn't figured out that the EU is a group of countries, not a building in Belgium.
Hundreds of EU migrants risking death to get to the UK before 29th March, because of #Brexit. Be serious, they just need to drive through the tunnel or hop on a plane.
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
/- 2 that is remains view. Mays deal does not deliver enough for me so I oppose it and will work for more, hopefully a no deal Brexit. As there will not be a ref 2 your right is campaign to rejoin that is your right. You can “demand” ref 2 but you will be ignored/-
But I think he should maybe take his own advice of taking a lie-down over Brexit. He criticises the “blustering indignation” and “disdainful and divisive language” of some Remainers...
Silly Dan
#MakeAFilmCheap Mission Impossible- delivering Brexit for less than 39 billion to stay in for the next 4 years. #brexit
An irregular Brexit declension?
Who said he is st the top ? No one did . But he is one of many businesses in the UK who support brexit.
If you believe him and the content of the article you need your head examined. The Whitehall Civil Service Mafia are up to their necks in the anti Brexit fraud from the Treasury downwards.
Perhaps they don’t like to admit it to bullying remainers but ‘come out’ on brexit threads.
BBCNews : Saturday's Telegraph: "May to curb migration as Brexit vote looms" #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via MsHelicat) (via Twitter
So Rory Stewart says May's #PoliticalDeclaration deal is better than remaining as it respects the result and doesn't polarise people for the next 30 years. I'm not sure if Rory's aware of this but Brexit does not simply go away in March 2019, it will last for decades. #Newsnight
don't think mays deal will settle this..ukip could rise again..a fudge,,brexiteers didn't vote for soft Brexit..she better hope her deal settles them,,in the balance,,
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
The absolute STATE of the ERG and the idiots who try to bluff their way to a unicorn Brexit
Dear God these politicians now are really something else. Why do we elect people like this to run this country?
Rory Stewart’s promotion to cabinet talking head has been hastened by infighting and resignations. May’s “Brexit deal is positive because it respects the result”. A better sales pitch you won’t find.
will you boys be putting of your drugs up after Brexit?
For not arising - arise, Sir John.
what surprise ...not
Correct but politically problematic due to the Leave campaign - and Cameron's promises... But then again you know what they say about verbal promises not being worth the paper they're not written on... Here's hoping! #stopbrexit
Taking back control
Newsnight again shows its anti-Brexit bias with a panel of electors plus Rory Stewart, a government minister, explaining (in a thoroughly mendacious manner) the advantages of May’s deal and the horrors of No Deal. He stresses control of immigration.Only a tribal Tory supports him
“So get ready for Brexit advent, where every day in the December calendar will offer the chance to open the door on some new, exquisitely rendered political hellscape. on sublime form and sadly, all too accurate.
Democracy and Liberty are not emotive slogans. They are our birth-right. We gave blood for them. If they are not important to you, they are important to me. I have seen countries where they have been eliminated. My family like many others have paid a price for them. #LIBERTY
Excellent, as ever. Thanks Chris. The fact that the WA means that we will be discussing Brexit for years; not ‘putting it to bed’; is, I think, a strong argument against the deal. Many more here:
"A simpler time when everyone ate the tubey bits of the cow after washing it out in the bath" doing a superb piece on food standards post-brexit on the #MashReport
And as Brexit in all its examined forms is also worse than remain...the answer is........
Newsnight Lynn was born a Tory . She looks religious .She believes in God. She believes in Brexit. A pattern is developing....
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
Foxtrot Oscar.
Exactly so. When Brexit won, the expensively “educated” denizens of the BBC - who were clearly totally unable to grasp the concepts of sovereignty, liberty, democracy or the common law - decided that it must have been all about EU immigration. And clueless May believed them.
shes my bet to win it. I have moral reasons (bankrupts every club he manages then runs away a la dodgy dave brexit)
You voted Brexit and May twice, so idk, I think US is better
The deal is shite. Anyone who argues this, hasn't read or heard of the small print....
Democratic opinion is constantly evolving - unlike Tory Party policy
She'll try anything and must not be underestimated....a bargain basement boudica...
Bahahaha. What a feckin' twat. Blaming Brexit because of political incompetency. What kind of idiot thinks like that? 'I need a new roof' 1 shit, half-roof later, costing 39 Billion. 'SEEEEEE rooves are shit!!!'
Quite possibly the funniest thing I’ve read all week and we have Brexit!
It’s bizarre. #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
Rory ? On Newsnight saying that Remaining would polarise politics and be toxic. Brexit is toxic. Should we commit suicide because we daren’t turn back? There is never mention that Remain is an option.
Brexit is doomed and the Chief Brexiteer is already trying to shift the blame
Something tells me this wont be the last headline like this we see in the coming weeks. How many peerages and knighthoods will it take to get backing for May's deal? #Brexit
Keep up the good work Spain. We will have a ‘no deal’ if they keep this up.
Editorial: A general election remains the only progressive way out of May's Brexit crisis
The latest gem from in which Mewling Pencil Mogg has shat the bed:
So, if May goes, who would replace her? Who could unite Tory govt? Let's face it, they have no intention of uniting our people. What a miserable administration. We're scared &amp; angry. Shame on you Tories. Every single one of you. Divide and conquer went too far this time #Brexit
#newsnight and Rory Stewart making a pitch for Brexit Deal based twice based on controlling migration... If ever Scotland's needs and ethos was so diff to England's then shows the reality and our need for #Indyref2 Ps UK is NOT a nation !!
Whole thing and this country STINKS
And you believe the economy is doing so well because of brexit? Do you believe everything written in the daily express and mail?
A man with Brains. #Conservatives - #MayMustGoNow !
Glorious by Marina Hyde “For now, May still resembles Gromit on the runaway train, frantically laying the track just in front of him to avert disaster.”
Pal - it's already rmly in place - you should get of more..!
Mayhem and #Newsnight want to take a walk around any UK city and check all the homeless freezing on the streets tonight and realise there's a lot more to do than farting around with Brexit all the time
That's a meaningless statement. You're a baby boomer who thinks "this generation" is the problem, yet without your generation we wouldn't have Trump or Brexit. Talk about being oblivious and in denial - boomers complaining about "this generation" is the epitome of both.
Cheating? Is that not what this whole Brexit referendum has turned out to be?
( Dear “TWITTER audience ”, good day ! ) Do you need any # business card !!! , CONTACT ME-
Why has as Old Etonian soldier fresh out of a dinner party become the leading proponent of May's deal in the media? #newsnight #brexit
Royal Navy retains patrol ships for Fishery Protection in post Brexit scenario
why has Tory MP John Hayes, brexiteer who advised against challenge to , been given knighthood by No 10? Crucial vote on brexit maybe?
Can I just point out that we need CLARITY about indyref ASAP, we don't demand it to take place rtfn. The threat of thousands of EU nationals leaving to the economic and social detriment of our beloved Scotland is very real and delicate - as are decisions on indyref timing.
Oh no not boyzone AGAIN... ffs brexit is bad enough ... not this.
Same image could be used for the UK Brexit Minister
That's what some of us thought Brexit would be before the vote. For a man who has ambitions to be PM, Mr Raab seems to be a slow learner, but then this is the man who only recently grasped the significance of Britain as an island and the importance of the Port of Dover.
“Serious question--which country is stupider? The US for electing Trump or the UK for the ridiculous Brexit imbroglio?”—Bruce Bartlett Hot take: They are both the result of the same people’s lies. Cambridge Analytica, Steve Bannon, Putin, et al. So we were jointly stupid.
No they don't, British people do not want this deal, but now, in the true sense of any democracy, they have changed their mind and don't want Brexit at all. But hey, carry on make the unelectable for a century!
funny how the person who believes in and her brexit plan also believes in snakes and apples from the bible, delusional clown
Yes please we all know that you oppose brexit and believe we should remain. Please support the calls for a #PeoplesVote
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out via
You will cut down new members at a time when they might help with Brexit....Islam can be tackled when we have left
I look forward to comments from Gibraltar.
Mike Bartlett: Does Brexit Britain need a new Christmas Carol? | Stage | The Guardian
In fact I've yet to hear a genuine positive from Brexit. Even control our borders is now difficult, shame they didn't consider the Island of Ireland. Or the Possible break up of the union, due to Scotland result. Putin and Trump delighted.
sadly ? #Brexit good what ever path it take because at the end of the path many in #Britain will be resentful of the establishment which in itself will become a victory for all &amp; the end of many careers within ?
Having worked 3 years in Greece in the 90s , I don’t want my kids missing out on this kind of life experience #GeneralElectionNow
Gabby’s Great #Brexit Bake Off cheers #TheresaMay after ‘tough week’
Wrong type of expert
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
Cracking article, with some wonderful epithets and images, not least JRM shitting his cot. Presumably he’ll get nanny to wipe him down and clear up the mess. Uh-oh, nanny is nowhere to be seen. Live with it, JRM.
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype No other British industry has provoked such polarised debate since the draft withdrawal agreement and the political declaration were published.
The government BREXIT proposal is the best analysis we have seen as to what a great deal we have in the EU....,
this is . a prominent (fairly) #brexit supporter in the government. #dominicraab is a karate black belt Horrid
If politicians don't respect the referendum result &amp; deliver a proper Brexit, it would be the biggest betrayal of democracy in modern times. Many people will turn to extremist parties due to losing faith in democracy. We need to heal the country &amp; look to the future. #Newsnight
therefore only one option - true brexit
I actually think having a physical border could be very beneficial.
Nothing wrong with Brexit voters really except they're all frothing racists and should be put in the incinerator
I reckon she's only holding on because no-one else wants to be the one who presides over brexit. As soon as it is done, she's done - ever other Tory is going to want to be the one who "re-builds Britain" after "May's disaster"; and even Labour will start trying to get in to Gov.
That's OK, if you veto the agreement we still BREXIT you can't stop it. But good look with Gibraltar, Fishing rights and Catilonia.
BREXIT: DUP may 'revisit confidence and supply deal' if Brexit deal passes / #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Employment UP Taxes DOWN Brexit: Britain's best chance
Truth About #Brexit: #GlobalistTheresaMay #SoldOut The #British People via
ANY MP THAT BACKS THERESA MAY'S DEAL SHOULD NOT BE SERVING THE PEOPLE OF OUR COUNTRY. Theresa May insisted her deal was better than remaining as a member of the European Union as...
He’s a graceless Tory. Hates women because they intuitively know he’s pathetic.
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
Right as Brexit
Which is what exactly? Nick Timothy's Red Lines? Lexit? There must be 20 different interpretations of Brexit, many of which oppose each other and none of which fix the problems of domestic policy which caused the result in the first place.
Brexit deal: If Theresa May LOSES Parliament meaningful vote on Brexit, WHAT NEXT…
How surprising! Just when you think they could not get any lower
Sticking the fish knife in and then watching us squirm Then yet another concession By The PM saying it’s in the national interest.
Many nations are rejecting Globalism; that's what Brexit was all about. You implied that Trump was a dictator. What part of his actions are dictator-like: cutting federal regulations in half? Eliminating red tape and 1,000s of bloated govt. jobs? Allowing the press...
"May seeks to win round Tory eurosceptics with restrictions on low-skilled migrants."
I’m sure as a typical Tory he will soon sell his principles for nice honour and support pM #brexit deal #Brexitbeingbought
This is spot on. Ironically, if Brexit is somehow reversed, it will show why it was needed all along
Remain was penciled in for a win on the 23/6 Nothing has changed. Polling can't cover it as brexit means millions of things to millions of people.
Screenshot your score
Trust Lammy.. Instead of let's get rid of May /Call a GE.. It's let's help prop up the tories with a PV
Oh mate
Humphrey’s must go.
A remix/parody of the Universal Credit logo through the eyes of a modern underappreciated overqualified entitled millennial! in the style of Barbara Kruger. #universalcredit #brexit…
The former secretary of state thinks Europe needs to “get a handle” on immigration reform in order to fend off another Brexit. # via
#EU won't offer 'better deal' on #Brexit - May
Driving instructor? He’s an expert at U-turns... #Brexit
May's Brexit deal won't get through parliament: former Brexit sec
All good Doris. Parliament is sovereign, it awlays was. So if it stops Brexit that will be ok.
This can only work against May particularly if he didn't tell the MP's he was tapping up about his reward for converting them.
I disagree that the vote on the #BrexitBetrayal is looking close. The “deal” backtracks on the PM’s #Brexit promises and MPs are poles apart. There’s no doubt that there will be an full offensive with Project Fear ramped up but Brexiteers will fight this all the way. #SkyPapers
Think that’s says they always have soggy baked potatoes due to the tears of the sun caused by brexit! Lol
May has totally screwed the Brexiteers, they just haven’t realised it yet.
Well.
Name, Surrey address, Tory, full Brexit...it’s pretty much full house lol
I quite like the freedom to travel and work across 30 countries. But you want to stop that by promoting Brexit funded by your libertarian tax avoiding lords and masters, who like to keep their identities secret. You are all hypocritical liars, cheats and basically selfish bigots!
"I'm not sure why the townsfolk should be blamed for burning the woman that isn't actually a witch, after holding a witch trial and finding her guilty"
Didn't Blair do the same thing, only he charged a fee?
A dying sovereign democracy is a sad and terrible sight.
Utter nonsense. Remainers will continue to fight to remain all the way, and would have fought to remain after Brexit if Brexit had happened (which it clearly won’t)
Because the way to go is to support fascist Brexit based on fraud. No wonder the male Kate Hoye Corbyn is endrosed by Breitbart now. And lost 26% of Labour voters support in the last 1 year. HTH
May's "Brexit" is a complete (or should I say incomplete ) stitch up ....
Yes and more yes.
The terms of Brexit weren't on the vote. Leave with best deal available or remain and push for reform. Nothing has changed.The sorry state we're in was predictable and parliament is in stalemate with no majority for anything
immediate observations - it's not remotely jingoistic (which is an incredible achievement for a film like this!) but I still turn into a yoon whenever I watch it - Dunkirk as a mentality is literally the only way to make sense of the brexit era
The Govt is trying to force through #Brexit by maintaining that if we have another referendum we will all be at the mercy of large groups of angry, thuggish #Brexiteers bent on exacting revenge. A VOTE annoy be undemocratic. #PeoplesVote #Newsnight #FBPE
I have to say that Corbyn has talents, and to some he is charismatic (I think he is more marmite). He has a personal touch and some love his ideology. Yet, at PMQs he seems lethargic, on Brexit he is lousy; never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity. Competence?
‘A national humiliation’ Business leaders urge MPS to vote down May’s Brexit deal | Politics | News |
'Remoaner' - I don't want to overturn the referendum; 'no campaign' - it wasn't a 'yes' or 'no' question; 'no deal is and how' - simply illiterate; 'Remainers have hijacked the term' - No Deal is a neutral term, unlike Hard Brexit; 'a proper Brexit we voted for' - 70% disagree.
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain
The working class has been neglected by both sides of Government and has seen its living standards decline for 30 years. They've lost faith in the institutions of Government, and given the opportunity they will smash them. That's how you ended up with Brexit, Trump and Sen Latham
Absolutely.Exquisite.Let us find our joy where we may.
Picking this guy to be the face of brexit is honest at least.
UK could hard Brexit and not worry about what Spain thinks.
ah. nice.
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected So,,, No Deal is the result rather than this load of shite as it will deliver what was actually voted on
*talking about Brexit* Grandpa: “I don’t know too much about this breakfast stuff.”
Sublime. The entire thread is a giggleful joy.
Fuck off - you have ignored the #CitizensRights of the #5Million and still come up with a load of shite!
I'm scared witless! I just hope that the those Brexit fanatics elected on the Tory ticket have the sense not to put Corbyn into No 10. Alas it seems a bloody thin hope.
Seriously, how much longer can we put with this shit. #Brexit #peoplesvote #FBPE
He is the government Brexit gimp this bloke.
Nonsense. Absolute nonsense. And youj should do your jobs &amp; challenge it.
Partition was wrought in 1922. The Irish Free State became The Republic of Ireland in 1938 What a lot of Brexit wankers are wandering around
And I thought that Brexit was difficult!
So you really are a zealot. Brexit at all costs -That's even dumber. Of course intelligence is clearly not your strong suit...that reminds me of a special moment in time...what was it?
Weirdly the deal has united the country in precisely the opposite of the way intended. So… congratulations? #Brexit #Newsnight
As if this would allow Corbyn to "see the back of #Brexit" If #Labour allow it to go ahead, it will dominate politics for many more years. To see the back of it, it must be stopped &amp; a no deal must also be ruled out.
Apologies Jonathan, I inadvertently let autocorrect replace were with we’re. I wouldn’t want you to think I was lacking educationally. That’s more the domain of Brexit’s army of economic experts.
So you're saying the Brexiters allowed this because they don't want Brexit either?
We need a #Revolution not a #PeoplesVote
IMO the most pernicious political consequences of Iraq war played out in Britain. One can draw a straight line from evisceration of New Labour/Scottish Labour to IndyRef, Brexit and Corbynite takeover of the British left.
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out via
Well I'm voting for them next time if you bastards don't give us the Brexit we voted for!
I'm starting to get the feeling this Brexit thing isn't going well. Just a hunch.
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
Roses are read Violets are blue I'm a schizophrenic And so am I #newsnight #Brexit
Rees Mogg as the talentless Mr Ripley!
I was on this little Brexit thing called #3Blokes with some friends. Have a watch: #Brexit #PeoplesVote
"Leave migrants to drown in the ocean to appease right wing populism." Neoliberals will end us all. When will niggas wake up?
I can see only one upside to Brexit, the Tories, if they survive, and that seems unlikely, will be unelectable for a century! Problem is, so will any other pro-Brexit party.
Why is the interviewer shouting over ?
Today I finally handed in my passport app to the Irish passport office - then I’ll get my Irish PPS number - then I’ll register my vehicles in Ireland and probably set up my business there ! ( at least I’ll jump the queues at Calais ) .... brexit = helping UK business
BBCNewsnight: “It’s better for one fundamental reason, it respects the result of the referendum,” says justice minister Rory Stewart on May’s Brexit deal adding, if we were to ignore the result of the referendum “you would create a polarising toxic polit…
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
So now you have changed the subject matter from Brexit and your predictions to tooth picks? Cool.
The MPs have not been able to back the Brexit decision. I don’t think the deal on offer is good enough.
FAIL. Tell us what you like about brexit and why the destructive dogma still persists, then tell me what part of the brexit campaign can be achieved as it was voted on. Forget the soundbites, try to learn how to justify your apparent idiocy to a well informed public. Have a go
Look like has come out fighting! #BrexitAgreement #WithdrawlAgreement
"Since the 2016 referendum, with mounting corroboration of corruption and criminality by the Leave campaigns being progressively exposed, the government, hellbent on Brexit at any cost, has not only ignored the growing crisis but is now actively participating in its cover-up."
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected Theresa the inebriated woman ..she’s lost it
The UK voted leave in the #BREXIT vote, now we need to vote which *type* of leave by an election #newsnight #BBCAskThis
Gradual Brexit is turning into sudden Brexit. Only a #PeoplesVote can save us now. Sign the petition Brexit road to national collapse - Financial Times (UK), 11/23/2018
It'll be interesting to see how he votes on Brexit now, said a cynic.
Pal - it's already firmly in place for generations to come - you really need to get out more..!
Dear oh dear can’t answer a question in four &amp; a half minutes Clearly structured this to fail #nodeal is coming and with it the divisions ( divide &amp; conquer) she clearly alludes to Not fit to govern Can’t run the country Would struggle to run a bath #brexit
Well said
But also calls May’s deal in this spiked article “so stupid, it is almost unbelievable” and says it would plunge Britain into “unprecedented situation, full of political and economic danger”
Another way is for our craven MPs to insist on a free, unwhipped, non-partisan vote on whatever deal/stay in the EU. Brexit is not and never should have become, a partisan issue. MPs would in any case have to agree to a People's Vote. They should act as MPs should for the nation.
We don't do Neverendums in this country. Another EU referendum would damage this country far more than Brexit ever could, irreparably.
And the job of delivering Brexit, making it diplomatically easier, and negotiating the new trade deals we were promised were given to leavers - Messiers Davies, Johnson and Fox. So actually, the blame for the failures are down to leavers, not remainers. They made the errors.
Theresa May accused of 'cronyism' after handing knighthood to Brexit-backing MP weeks before key vote
I disagree that the vote on the #BrexitBetrayal will be close. The “deal” backtracks on the PM’s #Brexit promises and MPs are poles apart. There’s no doubt that there will be a full offensive, with Project Fear ramped up, but Brexiteers will fight this all the way. #SkyPapers
Without your generation we wouldn't have Trump or Brexit. Is that correct or no? You prefer to remember free love and hippy bullshit, but your real legacy is Reagan and Thatcher, now Trump and Brexit. Spend enough time on a high horse and you forget how full of shit you are.
As opposed to the fluffy bunny sweetness and light politics we have now? Oh do give over. Sorry, love, but "we have to, or racists will get fighty in the streets" is the worst reason to do a Brexit. THE. WORST.
Omg loved especially #brexit in a nutshell
Someone else who has a divine right to say what a 'proper' brexit is. Let's give the people a chance to say what they want now we all understand what brexit means and where Calais is - a #PeoplesVote
If it wasn't for you Nigel I wouldn't have joined and campaigned for Ukip, but I believe asking TR to advise Ukip on such an important matter as CSE is a good thing, like I believe you should have been advising the Government on Brexit.
Well that failed with BREXIT!
#reesmoggcannotorganise The EU to leave Cayman islands tax evasion rules. So he's having a tantrum for no deal Brexit.
INTHENEWS: #Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected No, not to you they won't!
A modicum of sanity will resume with a positive future for the UK with a full Brexit. Nothing less will do.
This is our European ‘Friends’ Mrs May the ones you want us to stay shackled to Brexit news: EU27 list new demands to lock UK into joint fishing deal | UK | News |
(Daily Express):'Sore #LOSER!' Jo Johnson #SHUTDOWN over calls for second Brexit referendum : JO JOHNSON, brother of Boris Johnson, was savaged on national radio today over the former Transport Secretary’s insistence that there ..
He's right. They may cease to be an electoral force and lose all their MP's from the commons....... Oh. Hang on a minute...
Depends who you are. If I were a North Sea fisherman, for instance, I'd be saying "at last". As for "not actually Brexit", well that's never been thoroughly defined. It's definitely Brexit of a kind (though the NHS waits with bated breath to see if it's the beneficiary)
You are explicitly appeasing racists on national television . #Newsnight But the 52% who voted for Brexit are not racist extremists, not even half of them are. You come from the party of Neville Chamberlain.
The only reason - the ONLY reason - Theresa May is still pushing through #brexit is so she can keep her job. Disgusting. #GTTO
Amazing what Soros can buy ......
Spain has long contested Britain's 300 year-rule of the peninsula and there are concerns about how the territory's political status and economic ties with the Spanish mainland will be affected by Brexit.
Hey white collar "intellectual" racism invariably leads to the embrace of blue collar racism. There's nothing between you and in essence you are all cut from the same cloth of bigotry and hate. "Tommy Robinson" is you and you are him. Now fuck off.
Read this article by Gawain Towler, the former Head of Communications for UKIP, then let us know what you think of his...
If they were deliberately trying to convince people that our political system is broken then the timing of this and the failure to deliver Brexit will do the job.
Good that should see off a few brexit voting pensioners then
This has to be the second worst Bot I’ve come across. Joined yesterday, 0 followers, 0 follows. Report and Block. The worst? Oh, he’d left his location setting at St Petersburg, Russia
They indicated last year a preference for a Corbyn outcome as better parties to negotiate with instead of a compromised Brexit led tory one so I don't quite share Grace's assessment on this one
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
All the MSM are pushing this b.s. or the ppl want this done, yes we wanted brexit not Mays betrayal
Diplomats puzzled at Theresa May's Brussels visit #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #bbcparliament #brexit #brexitshambles
Brexit means Brexit, end of
Instead time for everything. Just heard Tory minister on #BBCnewsnight admit it will take our country ‘20 to 30 years to heal’ from Brexit. Is this an admission our country has been damaged by their actions?? So sad to see so much division and uncertainty in our country.
If we end up going ahead with Brexit then everybody that voted for It will be responsible &amp; accountable for its consequences &amp; outcome. You all voted for a binary Brexit, if we leave the EU under whatever circumstances then you have your Brexit. Then Remainers know who to blame.
Christ Dan. It's obvious that no Brexiteer has had a hand on the steering wheel since the Referendum. May is trying to create Remain inside a box marked Brexit. This mess is not Brexit. The slave status of her WA is not Brexit. Blame Labour &amp; Tory Remoaner MPS at Westminster.
Work to turn the M26 into a lorry park is already underway. Some of the medicines we import have very short shelf lives. Delays would be catastrophic. Health Secretary refuses to guarantee no loss of life if no Brexit. But hey, fingers crossed it's all scaremongering #madness
Positive framing: Brexit vote has been an important exercise in hypothetical reasoning. It has been expensive, but imagine how much worse it would be if we left the EU. Now we've done the thinking, we can commit to staying for the long haul and other countries can learn from us.
Go fuk yourself #PedroSanchez #Gibraltar is one of the last few British Overseas Territories &amp; you can kiss our white #english arses if you think your having it. #spain #britain #brexit #UnitedKingdom
Yes. Only worserer. I got Gender Fluid Flu. I have gremlins in my head, minions in my eyes, and a bad case of remoaners in my throat. I need a bottle of BREXIT!! *ignore me I'm delirious*
It’s really not.
The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse via
This is the same guy that "discovered" Dover two weeks ago...
I am no Soubry fan but crashing the economy through Brexit to be an offshore tax haven
Spanish PM warns of no EU summit without Gibraltar deal via
'Tempest in a teapot': EU lawmakers say #Gibraltar issue overrated #Brexit
You're the one who supports Brexit. Reet comical.
#Brexit: A back to basics EU - UK = E - K
If you are a true Brexiteer you should RT the pants off this one. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #MayOut #ChuckChequers #SackRobbins #CETA++
- "my view is that if we had a second referendum tomorrow, Leave would win again ..." has NOT given an INTELLIGENT reason for her prediction. Leave voters who are NOT Xenophobic NOW realize they WERE lied to. Is Abbot NOT cognizant of this?©
And it sounded like a good one, complete with father/son Brexit row... #newsnight
Yep. Just like Real Socialism, Real Brexit has never been attempted.
I will do provide vector tracing work in 24 hours for $5 on #Fiverr
The #BBC is a corrupt and blatant propaganda channel, the only people who don't know this are those actually think they can trust the BBC News &amp; political programs.
That would be real patriotism vs party politics.
Theresa May Takes Her Case for Brexit to the People - - LONDON — With British lawmakers having given her Brexit plan a scathing review, Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday began a last-ditch appeal to a constituency she hoped might save it: voters so...
Thank you Mike for this well constructed analysis of Mosley and the BUF. My fear is if Brexit either doesnt happen, which I would like, or it plunges the UK into recession, voters will blame both Tories and Labour and turn to a modern equivalent of the BUF such as UKIP
Complete fool
BBC is getting desperate now of broadcasting any liar like Ash that support Brexit.
1/2 She played them. Gove stabbed Boris. Boris didn't become PM. TM claimed to be a reluctant Bexiteer who was going to do her duty. She ran an election pretending to be a Brexit prime minster. She setup a Brexit department to pretend to negotiate.
Rory Stewart evasive answer. Britain obviously worse off which Brexit choice is made.
This is the poll
Yes, but the humiliation is far from being the main reason to reject it. Far more important is the damage it will do to the prospects of our children and grandchildren - damage that will be heaped on top of that already caused by the austerity fetish.
No you lost the vote and then pushed for this out come so it is all on you
Why is Brexit such a disaster? by Darryl O'Donnell
This whole Brexit situation is so bloody infuriating. Why May keeps repeating how her deal is the best option because the alternative is no Brexit at all is insane to me.
Why don't we give this cut our losses and step backwards to no Brexit at all a bloody good go eh?
How stupid is this? We agree but reserve the right to disagree
Jobs for the boys.
May's "Brexit" is a complete (or should I say incomplete ) stitch up ....
So Joe what is wrong with Trump happening and why is that any better than Obama ? And what is wrong with Brexit and people wanting control over country and borders. Pepple r sick of this left wing globalist rubbish and losing their identity #Globalism
Wait until the English start resenting Northern Ireland for dumping us in endless Brexit nightmare.
The Brexit deal explained 4
"Would market shock force UK parliament's hand on Brexit?" -
Boris Johnson receives warning he faces prosecution over £350m Brexit claim | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European The lawyer wants the courts to arbitrate on political statements? Thick, shameful, childish and dangerous.
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal Meanwhile, on ITV News, many refugees are coming ashore around Dover in a rush to come before Brexit.
If many people are left out of work due to a no deal Brexit it will have the same affect. The Leave campaign stoked up anti immigration sentiment and the leave vote emboldened it.
“..but when the US and China see our desperation, they’ll bully us – forcing us to open our markets to their chlorine-washed chicken, subsidised steel and the like.” #Brexit looks bad on all fronts. That’s why we’re pushing for a people’s vote | Dixon
Voting brexit was to leave the CU and SM you moron.
The Brexit deal explained 3
Brexit means brexit not your give away May deal
If you’re a Conservative member you’ll have received your email this afternoon, and no doubt seen on here too, a document called “40 Reasons to Back the Brexit Deal” The problem is it’s not accurate. Please see the rebuttal blog debunking the claims here:
UK spenders are already vetoing holidaying, property purchasing in Spain. The GOOD news for us is that there are some fantastic bargains to be had! Maybe when Brexit is completed? USA a great holiday destination!
And why was it a remain-backing PM? That’s right, leavers fu**ed off! Why is this so difficult to understand?
Sometimes it needs an outsider to see the way forward, "a negotiation that you’re not prepared to walk away from is not a negotiation — it’s surrender" Former Australian PM Tony Abbott: How to save #Brexit
The Brexit deal explained 2
The can't deal with the fact that Britain would be far worse off under Brexit.
Merry Christmas . Your #brexit dream has come true. Just like you sold to the British working class. Let's hope the economy, housing market and £ GBP survives next year..
BREXIT means BREXIT , to Theresa May is anything that's left of BREXIT on any particular day.
You know what I was saying about not having answers? Well...
Brexit: EU struggles to agree on Gibraltar via #breakingnews
The Brexit deal explained 1
Why is thereasa may and her brexit bull shit still going on, it’s really talking the piss and it’s been about 3 years
Or. The stuff you promoted cannot be done without vast pain,and compromise looks like this deal. So make a choice. The problem with your Brexit always was it was a concept, ignorant of the realities of life.
'Tempest in a Teapot': EU Lawmakers Say Gibraltar Brexit Issue Overrated #worldnews #actu
100% - my dad still thinks it's my way of arguing the result when I say they've done this all wrong. I just don't want to lose my job, and I'm a librarian in the NHS so am more screwed than most.
"You transition if you want to. DD is all for turning" Hope that helped with Brexit means Brexit. Fucking drunks.
Couldn't agree more.
You can veto the agreement between the EU and the UK about Brexit, but you can't veto Brexit. It's going to happen, with deal or no deal.
In Catalonia we do not nap, here we work to maintain the country of Ñ
Poff May. I don't believe a word you say
... Plan C is technically a scorched earth policy so France can’t turn EU back to the old Gaullist EU at Germany expense. The only thing that both have in common other than both want to be in charge is that both want a no-deal brexit...
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
Rory Stewart appears to be the hardest working person in the Government #newsnight
A very different version of the fishing stooshie to the one pushed by the British politicians. The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype | John Lichfield
A great summary of brexit
is everyone going to get a knighthood ?
Hopeless, hopeless, ho-opeless. #brexit #newsnight
The BBC report on Hans Maessen’’s evidence is also interesting: but the main point is Leo Varadkar’s statement that I mentioned earlier, under the headline “Leo Varadkar says hard border not up for discussion regardless of Brexit deal fate”
Well worth a listen to because it puts the PMs 60 second tweet in between the grips of a vice, where it actually deserves to be.
More Tory sell outs. Would Spain for one minute offer to share sovereignty of Its African enclaves?
#Newsnight "We couldn't be arsed to do any actual news-gathering journalisms today. So instead, we grabbed half-a-dozen members of the public to discuss their uninformed 2nd-hand opinions on the Brexit deal none of them have read."
Bizarre that Rory Stewart goes on and says May's tragic deal recognises that so many people voted to Remain when she and the #Brexit Taleban have spent the last two years studiously ignoring us. He obviously believes in a #magicvotertree.
And, predictably, the “BBC bias” mob pile on immediately because the best public service broadcaster and news organisation in the world won’t cover the Brexit farrago to directly reflect their own deeply held biases. Yes, it should be criticised but god help us if it was gone.
If you stare into the abyss long enough You think - What the fuck are we up to with this Brexit bullshit.
Oh please...just think about how you have been brainwashed to advocate self destruction of the British economy based on the shallow propaganda of a few pompous ideologues. Did you even know what the EU was before the whole Brexit debate? Too rich to care, are you?
#Brexit is what people wished for, Diane!
In years to come when we asked people on the street if they had supported any one of the following, Brexit, Duterte, Trump, Xi, Putin or Bolsonaro, we shall find that almost nobody we asked would say they did. It will be treated as if we had asked them "Were you a Nazi?"
Apparently not.
We can more than make up for any economics shocks from Brexit, through a complete change towards fiscal policy, and a New Green Deal Job Guarantee, the understanding of our economic options needs to interpreted through an MMT lens
Brexit is life.
Kissinger shed a solitary tear when he read that quote.
"A true Brexit" when one model was not proposed. #newsnight
If you want evidence about Juncker, then this is pretty definitive.
WE MUST CERTAINLY NOT STOP BREXIT!! I could not vote but yes I would 100% vote leave!
Do you want me to support a Brexit that does this?
Everyday on twitter leavers close down debate on Brexit. It’s the twitter equivalent of hands over the ears and shouting “la,la,la,la!”
What sort of agreement? They want it back? Scupper brexit over Gibraltar! No one saw that coming!
Keep fighting no matter what. We WILL win. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #MayOut #ChuckChequers #SackRobbins #CETA++
Cause you didn't vote for any competent political leaders - Brexit leadership is a rabble
Seriously disgusting politicians &amp; Brexit has exposed them! They’re literally filth in suits who only serve themselves!
it's time to end the charade and abandon the stupid right-wing chaos sponsored chaos that is Brexit. You are betraying root Labour support.
2/2 Brexit department were not negotiating. May and Robbins were the actual negotiating team. That's why Davis resigned when he realised his job was a sham. She pulled the actual negotiation out of thin air at the last minute. It is not a Brexit deal and she is still lying
May's #FireInTheBooth I may be PM but I'm still a crowd pleaser Slide in to my DMs what you saying Theresa It's deal or no deal I put the no in to Noel Dancing around like a robotic vole The bars that I split they will knock off your socks Brexit means brexit cough cough cough
A pro #brexit page had a poll on Facebook this is the final result:
It isn’t, because for a large majority of Yes voters Independence doesn’t hinge on EU membership. As a nation, we’ve indicated by over 60% that our wish is to remain. Terms will need negotiated of course, but that still leaves us more in control than Brexit.
Theresa May is now handing out Knighthoods in return for votes backing her #Brexit deal.
NOW do you see why we never trusted Hillary and why we don’t trust the DNC?!
Chris does not seem to know what Theresa May was like in the Home Office? Time for Brexiteers to own their BREXIT.
One insider who sees her regularly up close said: “Strangely, she’s at her most relaxed, the more pressure she’s under. When things look really difficult, it’s almost as if she’s gone ‘what the hell, do your worst’.” A very fascinating must-read.
Enjoyable and interesting brexit speech by in Brecon. With national politics changing by the day with fall out of Westminster government it’s hard to see what future will hold. As well fall out of the EU
The next Brexit Secretary
Did priest/ clergy before entering the church have a goal to penetrate it with left wing political ideology to undermined it foundation?
Maybe we need the cliff edge Brexit to let these Brexit idiots realise what a catastrophe they have bestowed on all of us. Coming from NI with an agricultural background makes me understand the practical realities!
Definitely some truth in that. Though also, lots of evidence suggests she’s steeled herself to support Brexit because she has an implacable hatred of any immigration.
"Their final hope now rests with killing the deal in parliament and limping over the Brexit finish line to a no-deal exit."
In terms of what an opposition leader should do, she is far better; she finds the weaknesses of her Tory opponents, is better prepared and lays traps. Corbyn pleases idealists. Reality vs Fantasy. Brexit all over.
There you go. That’s what May’s Brexit is all about: fan the flames of racism, just like she did when she was Home Secretary. We are heading to a nasty, inward-looking return to the UK of the 1950s. May will feel at home. I won’t.
I'm waiting to see if May gets her wish and a hard Brexit happens as I have been keeping tabs on a little place called Northern Ireland and there are fears violence would return. (I did research on PIRA for my Master's and still keep tabs on NI).
vicar disagreeing with business man. Fascinating. #Brexit
Everyone should read this and tell me how anyone would want to remain in such an evil cabal, also tell me how anyone inside or outside Parliament could support such a TRAITOROUS PRIME MINISTER AS THERESA MAY !!!
Bureaucrat DEM's, Leftist/Socialists/Media/Liberal Infrastructure/Courts/Legal Aid + were all in place by Obama &amp; his Community Organized Team at the Highest Levels. Hillary was Bought &amp; Paid for. HOWEVER there was a BIG PROBLEM. Trump said "NOT SO FAST Guys "WIN AN ELECTION 1st"
Example 1001 why the the Democratic establishment still doesn’t freaking get it. Way to go there Hillary, because Obama getting tougher on immigration REALLY staved off nationalism in America, RIGHT! And yet Trump still won. These cowardly Democratic lions really piss me off.1/2
Ffs we voted out all together there is no hard soft brexit just brexit out of cm out of sm and out of ecj it is not rocket science
Please don’t vote for this blind Brexit. Just beginning to think we had a good ally.
#Newsnight is using a sample size of 6 to predict Brexit outcome and will of the people.
My rather harder quiz here
Don't look back in anger: did Britpop cause Brexit?
Your caller says that MPs are putting 'their own slant' on the Brexit that was promised; and then proceeds to put his own slant on the Brexit that was asked for, claiming that 17m people want exactly the same as him - preposterous, but typical of the Brexit debate.
The EU does not want a deal. This anti-democratic empire wants to crush Brexit via
Niall Ferguson on Understanding #Brexit via
And no one gives a fuck
Impressed meself.
Last I heard leading the opposition party that forced a u turn on #FOBT from government last in a long line and has opposed brexit so effectively Tories are now seriously talking about remain as an option. Waffle on, Jamie, waffle on.
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
He should get off the radio show and into Brexit
Mrs. May has tried, god bless her. But she's failed. Absolutely and abjectly. Time to step aside and allow someone who cares about Brexit to take the reins.
It is a deal. You are making hypothetical assumptions about outcomes which I don't agree with. Without it I see only a very small chance of Brexit happening at all.
Raw Politics: Brexit breakthrough, Aquarius migrant ship, Irish FM
LOOK EU - just F** RIGHT OFF, OK?
1) it is #Brexit 2) it is your fault 3) please own it, we've had 2 years of brexiters blaming everyone but themselves
Spain: Brexit EU summit could be called off over Gibraltar
Could be any more of a useless twat? Why doesn't he just bog off to America to be a fox news racist?
May’s deal is a half-baked, half-blind Ukraine model #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #bbcparliament #brexit #brexitshambles
And for many Brexit was a “What else can you take from me?” Cri de Coeur, I understand that. However, reducing a GDP, taxes from which go to fund the state to support and retrain those people, on a matter of “plague on them all” principle, with nothing to replace it, is folly.
The absolute whoppers in the replies to this (on the article itself). Good article mind. COYH
If this is what we are getting then I have idea why everyone is complaining!
He also conveniently forgets the blood spilled pre Brexit.
The pound lost 20% of its value following referendum vote. European Medical Agency leaves London. European Financial Agency leaves London. Brexit cheer leaders rush to get European Passports. Listen to what Corbyn actually says about the EU.
Yes yes yes, please! (if the EU will have us back ...)
May is gonna have to dish out a helluva lot of honours to get her deal through. We will end up with no commons &amp; 2 HoL's.
nice to come up against a brexit means brexit emblem on cod
1066 to 2016 = 950. 2016 to 2019 = 3. Brexit is a pimple on the backside of History, just have a little scratch and make plans for higher sea levels and lower levels of oxygen in the atmosphere.
Totally legit #conservativevalues
" But even now, as we lose our status in the world, it is just as unresolved as it ever was. We don't know where the hell we're going." eviscerates May's deal
Only the most desperate immigrants would want to go anywhere near the UK at the moment given the way the PM regards existing immigrants.
Pro Brexit People should Boycott businesses that are Pro Remain after this Betrayal Of British Democracy is complete.
Best idea ever
Its called propaganda
Three Remainers and three Leavers on the panel PLUS a Brexit cabinet minister. I don't get your point.
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
Grandson asked what people were talking about on radio as we drove home. So tried to explain Brexit in language a 3 year-old could understand (terms like club &amp; friends &amp; near &amp; faraway countries). It took me so long he fell asleep. In ten years time I won’t get away so lightly
Fair enough. But for the record, the SEUA is a party-neutral group (we have members from all parties including many Labour voters). If it's not for you, please would you consider passing on the msg to any anti-Brexit Suffolk-based friends.
#Catalonia with #GreatBritain
*crystal ball just out of shot*
Could be worse, no thanksgiving , live in UK and have to listen about Brexit every damn day. #yourworseyouhaveTrump
I’m not against it per se. However, much like Brexit (obviously), I simply don’t think the SNP have the understanding of what’s involved to make a success of it. The Tories utterly fucking up Brexit is the exact same. No plan = catastrophe.
1. A short-term anti-Tory anti-austerity coalition formed as a result of left-Labour gains and holds in England, deselection of Blairites, increased representation for Plaid Cymru and the SNP, disenchantment with pro-Brexit parties in the north of Ireland...
please question why this leaver believes brexit that he voted for was so clear? #brexit
Brilliant as always. “The morons oxymoron” Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
No, you have it wrong. The EU needs to make an example of Brexit to deter other member countries from considering leaving . Sensible negotiations would benefit trade between the UK, EU and rest of Europe; it is not ‘trying to leave and keep all the benefits’. It is common sense
MPs take an oath to act in the best interests of the country. Therefore cannot vote for her own Brexit deal
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Meanwhile in the world beyond #Brexit Syria radio host Raed al Fares shot dead in rebel-held Idlib
No second referendum, once is enough. Thanks.
Most of the people voted for #brexit so no surprise at any deal TM would agree to. It is a bad deal and worse than being in. TM and her civil servants are crap or deliberately crap at negotiating.
Challenging stuff - even for Brexit watchers like myself.
Corruption and devaluing honours all in one go! Theresa #May going to fill the history books! #BBCSwitchOff #PeoplesVote #BrexitisFraud #WATON #StopBrexit #Remain #ABTV #FBPE #Bracknell
Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
You are no ‘idiot’ Mr Bray!
Theresa May - Arlene (Jolene cover) via Hilarious Theresa May Brexit Satire/parody
I will explain it quicker “Worse then remain”
The Economist | A No-deal Brexit — Free falling via
I'm not sure that I believe that the #DUP really believe this. They definitely hate the #Brexit deal but I suspect they fear Corbyn's long standing friendship with republicans, more.
Want to get the message to the public.. We do!
The vicar's daughter thinks everyone can be nice, reasonable &amp; trustworthy. History suggests the opposite. Know who U are dealing with, negotiate or deal accordingly. #Brexit . Let them be the ones who may put dictatorial ambition before the wellbeing of the people of Europe.
Oh so it's okay when Hillary says it about Europe, a different population.. But when trump says it about American than he's a racist..
Unfortunately it is Brexit. This is all it ever was. What was sold in the referendum was pure fantasy.
#newsnight No she hasn't got that, it's far inferior to Norway. And what happened to 'Brexit means Brexit' &amp; 'no deal is better than a bad deal'?
Absolute bs! sort yourselves out, stop having people on purely to spout nonsense.
Car workers voted for Brexit, after being warned it would lead to job losses. This project reality is a microcosm of the UK. Let’s stop as much of the disaster as we can. #PeoplesVote
Something absolutely, totally rotten in the state of Denmark. There is complete illogic in the Brexit "negotiations" that defies rationality. The desperate, pointless manoeuvring betrays something very sinister in the background. Question is, what/who?
WE. CAN. READ. THE. WITHDRAWAL. AGREEMENT. AND. IT. CONTRADICTS. EVERYTHING. YOU. CLAIM #WeakAndUnable #NotFitToGovern
#BREXIT is only happening because thought it would be a good idea to use voters to try &amp; resolve irrevocable splits in the Tory party. Voters narrowly voted #LEAVE but they actually were kicking his Tory Govt after 6 years of austerity.
Am I? Just for sticking up for #Brexit
She's at it again. And wrong.
May's hard Tory Brexit is not in the national interest. 'I believe it is clearly in our national interest to remain a member of the European Union', Theresa May.
At least Gerard is willing to engage and talk about the matters the electorate have concerns over. You just ran away to snipe from the fringe.
Brexit has become an issue of trust – and this government has lost it ' | via
Labour isn't anti-brexit like People's Vote is. Labour backs getting acceptable terms for leaving the EU as the majority Leave voters asked. Labour is to block leaving if there's no acceptable deal.
The lack of ‘blood in the streets’ is very interesting. It might be a sign of great British superiority over ‘continentals’. Or it might just show that people don’t actually care that much about brexit.
Brexit means leave the Eu, as we remainers keep being reminded you voted out whatever the consequences. So if we leave the Eu on march 29th that is your Brexit- the deal does t matter at all apparently.
She both of those things. A traitorous senile old cow. My apologies to cows
David Lammy is spot on. Farage is trying to sound respectable while insults are still ringing in the ears of Romanians. Like my teenage son, it won't wash.
NO, this is what we do 1st period etc, as set out. No tell me what plan like that has anyone seen for Brexit? F all bar May saying my plan is the plan, OK what is the plan, her answer well it my plan. It's even worse than what was even argued during indy &amp; this is a supposed PM
It was me I did it I sprayed the name of a genius on Norwich walls He is the only man that can save us all from #brexit #jesuisles #lesdennis #iamles
Really? Aint surprised at all by this political opportunist
If you wrote this in a short story, #PM pushes through policy that will harm the country, just so she could say she won! People would say it's too far fetched! #Brexit #EGO #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
We must stop Gerard Batten turning Brexit into a plaything of the far Right
2/2: It would not be in the interests of the UK&amp;EU to create obstacles to trade. For example, 80% of Irish goods—destined for the EU —are transported via the UK's transportation system. My view on Brexit has always been that it will involve short term pain for a long term gain.
Mrs. May vows to back the British public, and resigns.
Raw Politics: Brexit breakthrough, Aquarius migrant ship, Irish FM
I'll save you 1min 10secs of your life watching this. It's a load a bollocks and much worse than remaining in the EU
Brexit - Our Future! via with &amp; (Sammy Wilson MP) #Newsnight #BrexitBetrayal
Oh dear! What now ? C'mon! Give it up already! You're out of ideas Out of support Out of time (nearly) How about ACTUALLY putting the country 1st? Cmon... we're waiting....
Even Hillary is now advocating for a " Curb in Immigration". This problem cannot be ignored. Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
"We won’t know the full economic consequences for a very long time, we really won’t. The overwhelming opportunity for Brexit is over the next 50 years." Jacob Rees Mogg 21 July 2018 I suppose that's short-term to him.
Is she expelling the Pakistani taxi drivers?
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
If you’re a Civil Engineer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Third of Brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK
Well said Mr Grayling!
#Newsnight "Next up: Will domestic cold fusion ever be possible? We ask 3 unqualified members of the public who think it is and 3 uninformed members of the public who think it isn't." #Brexit #EUWithdrawalAgreement
"Don't blame me - this isn't the Brexit I voted for..."
Fuck me. I've slipped into a parallel universe. FARAGE is concerned that UKIP - U-K-I-P - is becoming too FAR RIGHT. What the fuck did he think it was all these years??
I think I heard a very small tinkle as Justice Roberts tiny balls finally dropped. Obama flooded the judiciary with progressive morons. The 9th Circuit is an embarrassment, 75% + overturned. #VoterID #StopTheCoup #Trump2020 #MAGA #2A #BlueLivesMatter #Brexit #BoycottNFL
Let’s face facts Re this bloody #Brexit nonsense, it’s turned the UK from one of the most respected countries on the planet into a country that’s seen as Nasty, Cruel &amp; downright #Racist #Skypapers #BBCPapers #Newsnight #Marr #Ridge #Bbcsp
If only Hillary Clinton had been in a position to stop civil war in Syria, regime change in Libya, and a coup in Honduras that helped fuel larger migration flows to the EU &amp; USA. It’s only the voter backlash she recognizes, not her foreign policy failures.
This is embarrassing. And you're leading with ending free movement. For British people. You are the worst.
If it's so easy to find, perhaps you could show some? Or is it not really there? Turns out reality is a Remainer. There's only one reason why Brexit is going so badly - it was a stupid idea all along. We were right and you were wrong.
Brexit boys strikes again.
Super surprised this took this long
"Scottish salmon producers say May's Brexit plans pose 'serious questions'" -
Happiest Brexit negotiations ever
That's the million dollar question and the establishment know it. It will take something radical, even dare I say it.... Revolution.
1066 to 2016 = 950. 2016 to 2019 = 3. Brexit is a pimple on the backside of History, just have a little scratch and make plans for higher sea levels and lower levels of oxygen in the atmosphere.
She may well be right. Austerity continues to cause poverty, pain and suffering. The negative EU propaganda remains dominant. The myths abt our Country mean we may continue to lose the peace. #brexitshambles
I knew I knew this guy from somewhere, he's the MP that got caught out lying on Radio 5 about support for the Brexit deal. #Newsnight
Love the band and really appreciate Stevie’s concern about the mess we are in. The reality is just starting to hit home though many have been warning if it all along. Brexit is a shit show.
If Theresa May persists with a £30,000 salary threshold as her definition of "low skilled" then there are a lot of vital teachers, NHS staff and care workers, construction workers and hospitality staff who won't be coming to Britain.
Enjoy your Brexit. It ill be amusing to say the least when you realise exactly what you have "won" here's a clue
Good to see a classy response in comparison to the fucking political cesspool this side of the channel
Apparently you all did not read the fine print in case you wanted to exit! What is wrong with England? Get your country back.
It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit' | via Theresa May is leading Great Britain into total disaster, please do not support her Brexit deal, it’s misguided stupidity. It’s not the real Brexit voted for.
Brexit? You should have learnt about the EU after 40 years of experience.
Tbh, I kind of like the maroon
The only people supporting #Brexit are those who didn’t &amp; don’t understand how the EU works and those so wealthy it will make no difference. The rest of us want to #StopBrexit #ThrowBrexitOutOnItsUndemocraticArse
So, how does brexit impact, this man of god's life? Impact his salary. Is the church moving to an eu country?
2. ...followed by broad, ruthless and open parliamentary investigation of electoral and financial corruption within the Conservative Party, UKIP, and the Brexit campaign.
I returned to the Conservatives in the belief that only they could realistically deliver a real Brexit. Feeling very let down
Brexit that is getting out of EU it is as if you wanted to get your eggs out of your omelette
Well, they have to find a scapegoat.
#reesmoggcannotorganise referendum compensation for all those mis sold brexit #thelastleg
Brexit &amp; Black Friday are bad enough but something else dwarfs both. Trojan flea here, appealing to influencers. Now is a pretty good time, if you er, know anyone :) #ExtinctionRebellion
Filed under...... It never happened. If you have Milatint in your Twitter handle you are not a Brexit voter. Good try, keep on lying
Independence for Catalan! #Brexit #Catalonia #CatalanRepublic
Or you could take it one step further and call them The #DemonetizeEverything Team. This is what happens when centralized power gets out of hand. Being American I may not understand the #Brexit completely, but I can see why many people want out.
Had to check out if there actually is a minister of food supplies. There is.
Brexit shows that idiots and incompetents are in charge in the UK #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #bbcnewsten #londontonight #bbclondonnews #Brexit
The UK will not have single market access on goods. This us total bs. Read the agreement! #Newsnight #Brexit
Never trust a ‘Tory rebel’ ‘Anna Soubry generally voted against the right to remain of EU nationals’ #brexit #FBPE
Brexit shire hawking explained well here
Word of the day brexit n (toht-l krap) The undefined being negotiated by the unprepared in order to get the unspecified for the uninformed.
brexit racist with a racist husband. More Ukip than ukip
The tosser bit has nothing to with class. I just think both are tossers. As for political belief, both are consumed by Brexit and ignore the effects of austerity as they are in a middle class bubble. Best I can do.
What does a proper #Brexit entail, given the demands of the #EU and the fact that they’ve said they wouldn’t change what is being offered?
Have you suddenly realised that immigration keeps wages low and standard of living decreases #Brexit
Those word I fear will come back to haunt him. What can I say? There's none so blind as those that will not see or you cannot be serious. Both applicable imo #Brexit
Well when he was first became leader, he was a little weak at PMQs - but he's got considerable stronger and wipes the floor with may... He's not going to stop Brexit because we just don't haven't the numbers.. BUT with the DUP turning on the Torys.. it could all spin on a dime
UKIP and all the Brexit parties must not quarrel at this time. you need to stop The EU Empire please leave your leadership battles and allegiances to one side till that is done then decide after Brexit what you parties stand for post Brexit.
Little England is the beating heart of Brexit. If you can’t see that, then there’s something wrong.
It's an application of what's known as the Ramsey test. We've done really well at adding p (Brexit) to our stock of knowledge to see what q follows, where q denotes "quite bad". Now we should decide to keep it as a hypothetical belief and move on.
. just claimed on #newsnight that the Brexit deal grants the UK full access to the single market for goods! That's the Northern Ireland backstop, not the UK deal!
#WhatDoYouThink Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit #BreakingNews #Reuters
No, it is the foundation of vassilage and a much inferior relationship. Cameron's foolhardy referendum was advisory. Cancel Brexit.
The latest International Socialist Digest! Thanks to #tories #brexit
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
I am definitely not retweeting this, and I’m sure you won’t either!
I don't want another Brexit referendum, but I'd be happy to vote in an affirmative power for a Constable who knocks off moped thieves to be immune from any come back.
The real cost of #Brexit
sorry. not tweet. the tweetstorm she had today is damage control for this:
Meanwhile, back at #Brexit, Theresa realises her mistake:
Analysis: 'Tempest in a Teapot': EU Lawmakers Say Gibraltar Brexit Issue Overrated
How badly has Brexit and the recession affected Prime Central London?
40 reasons to back the Brexit Deal
Scottish salmon producers say May's Brexit plans pose 'serious questions' -
Pity the queen for having to remember to say ‘Arise Sir John Hayes for Services To Not Opposing May’s Brexit Despite You Suggesting The Opposite For Years!’
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
Seems the #Conservative party is totally focusing their charm offensive on immigration whereas in fact the #WithdrawalAgreement is an absolute shambles &amp; totally ignores 17.4m Leave voters and a proper #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
appears to have found those powers over immigration she apparently lost to the EU a while back...
Jimmy the gaslighter has weighed in
Just when you thought Brexit couldn’t get scarier. Brexiteer pressure forces Sajid Javid to abandon ban on .50 calibre weapons.
Brexit deal latest: Spanish PM claims EU summit could be CANCELLED over Gibraltar row
Brexit shite hawking explained well here
For Leavers on #Newsnight panel once again here is the relevant bit of the Tory manifesto that made it clear from start that this is exactly where #TheresaMay #brexit was always going to end up.
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
I spent Thursday in Yeovil, and spoke to Nick Clegg briefly before he disappears off to the sunny straights of California. #politics #instapolitics #brexit #PeoplesVote @ Yeovil, Somerset
What May needs to worry about is people leaving if she gets her way
This draft deal is not a soft Brexit, it's not Brexit at all.
I’ve just emailed my MP about protecting environmental standards after Brexit. please listen to MPs and the public and make our #EnvironmentBill ambitious
Next we are going to find out she paid off pornstars and thinks grabbing men by the penis is ok, when your rich they let you do it.....Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
I think I may have been better positioned as a career politician based on this
Tory Brexit getting seriously out of hand. I fear for my children’s future with these numpties in charge.
Are you seriously stating that JRM is happy about the current situation? So his plan is to profit from the UK's demise, even though he is already very wealthy? Brexit is just a JRM scam to make him richer?
Built the odd road or two !! Don't get me started on the bloody Polish !! As soon as the educated exit voters realise Brexit went through largely from racist voters , the better ....
As in, you decided Brexit is a joke or?
Brexit isn't in the national interest. It's in the Tory party's interest (lots of tax avoiders) and the interest of honorary Tory Jeremy Corbyn.
did not misinterpret what Leavers voted for she deliberately set out to destroy the Referendum result she's surrounded by Remainers wasting &amp; dragging out time she doesn't believe in BREXIT in her own words. via
We can't endorse the design of the EU project hence it's time to abandon.
Marina, in bitingly good form, as usual.
Surprised &amp; disappointed at tone of this headline. Having spoken to for this article I assure that what we said was needed/wanted was CLARITY on potential for #indyref2, before #Brexit in march, &amp; pref by end of this year. Hope full article is clearer on this.
You are possibly right. I would qualify what you say with a “at the time”. Corbyn’s said what a number of people wanted to hear, he captured the mood. However, is he the better leader? That is debatable. He seems too wedded to Brexit, and that will be his undoing.
In your face, May!!! #EveryDayIsBlackInSpain
Brexit was fine, and still is, the government and especially the leader of the government however, are a total disgrace.
What the BIBLE Says on the Brexit Debacle via
Hardly fascinating, just because it's true! Arrived at the same point but from very different perspectives! The 'Labour are enabling Brexit' line is nonsense, I"m sure you know that but for clarity?
Surprised to see very tired looking Theresa May pulling out a crystal ball to try convince listeners of today #Brexit #bbc #bbc5live #summontheinnerfortuneteller #newlow #radio #TheresaMay #magicdeal #ohdear
Great evening w Mike Freer MP of and our Supper Club members talking about his work at the Whips Office and also about #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement.
It’s like she planned it all along!
Given Diane’s well-recognized numerical acumen, this bodes quite well....
Shocking. Absolutely shocking.
Theresa May's new Brexit deal faces defeat as Tories line up to reject it
But it’s nice to see the low skilled finally getting pay rises since Brexit.
This country will never be brought together -#brexit has divided us for the next few decades....
The Brexit bastards caused this. Little Englander shitehawks. The same sort who gave away 3 counties during the 1st World War.
Rory Stewart one day will lead the tory party. #BREXIT #newsnight #hottake
Sounds to me like they dont want to guarentee that. So saving face for a backstop passing
Right I am bored now. Sign deal and move on #Brexit BTW I voted remain.
“A lot of the students I go to university with come from the EU and it seems very unfair on them that there is that hostile environment, ever since Brexit, towards medical students and towards NHS staff,” says Anita #newsnight
Sad that’s what you have to do. More tax payable somewhere outside UK. But there no choice.
While may disgraces us all with her queue jumper comments, France shows how it should be done.
The french killed Diana.. #Brexit
Dublin-&gt;Le Harve direct, in addition Zeebrugge, Cork -&gt;Santander, sea routes at the ready to by-pass UK Iand bridge 9n case #brexit goes belly up.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Remember when we had a reliable and honorable MP in Peterborough... and one who also would have been working within the HoC to deliver the manifesto commitment to deliver #Brexit
Forget party politics &amp; let’s all come together for the sake of our sovereign nation. UKIP needs to up its game &amp; engage with the mood of the nation. 17.4m are classed as ‘far right’ for wanting Brexit &amp; now turning to UKIP for change &amp; leadership
Stop Brexit
And, by the way ...
Labour isn't anti-brexit like People's Vote is. Labour backs getting acceptable terms for leaving the EU as the majority Leave voters asked. Labour policy is to block leaving if there's no acceptable deal.
What May needs to worry about is people leaving if she gets her way: Leave means Leave the U.K.
Useful table (but Pedro Sanchez now PM). A reminder that the U.K. is negotiating with 27 democracies with their own internal constituencies to satisfy.
As usual, is wrong. A general election isn't between two parties. It's between a large number of parties, only some of which can realistically form a government outright or play a dominant role in a coalition. But of course, if enough people hated Brexit that badly...
Pish, pish, glorious pish, nothing quite like it for taking the fish.
May’s Brexit deal: the legal verdict
Funny, that.
Seen elsewhere: The Brexit Blog: Reflections on the Political Declaration
New post (Theresa May refuses to say if she'll quit if MPs reject Brexit deal) has been published on Daily top pop -
Theresa May says it's too late to negotiate a better Brexit deal
A jobs-first Brexit is about as believable as low-fat lard.
Philip Hammond: No-deal Brexit would require new Budget October 28, 2018 in #WorldNews via
Fantasyland. As we'll have money to buy cheese after Brexit.
Sky have been so anti Brexit since the referendum, they make the BBC look like UKIP
Flags and slogans neither feed nor clothe people. That’s the bottom line. Without a concrete plan and agreed positions for scenarios, any change ends in disaster. As proven by Brexit.
Nicely put
Friday night theory: Theresa May, being a child in the 60s, no doubt had to do “free expression” and “music and movement” at primary school. She hated both but they’ve become elided in her brain. Hence her hatred of free movement.
I know it's abit late in the day, but why wasn't Brexit a cross party arrangement? #newsnight
True. Brexit is also about xenophobia!
I don't disagree with you. BUT 17.4 million people wanted Brexit. Many of those would still rather push on through because "we're Great Britain". That's 17.4 million who either bought the bullshit, or didn't give enough of a shit to care about the consequences
Off tomorrow morning to talk to my MP about Brexit. Let me know if you've got a question you want me to ask him.
'Tempest in a Teapot': EU Lawmakers Say Gibraltar Brexit Issue Overrated
even daou was disappointed with her.
I’ve a lot of respect for the armed forces. Thank-you for your service I voted to leave, too, but, in my opinion, May’s deal isn’t brexit - it’s just deceit. Hope one day we’ll be free, but just don’t think it’s this.
A whole load of English voices discussing brexit: where are the Scottish, Irish and Welsh voices? Is this all about England? What country?
Faces you can trust.
Truthfully Brexit has totally screwed the Brexiteers. They were never going to realise until the wheels came off because their cause was a populist faith built on fantasy &amp; nostalgia. All May did &amp; continues to do is dither &amp; delay.
Tommy Robinson is a hero. He didn’t go through this mess for money or fame. He has been maligned by the British MSM. He has his home grown ethics and they hate it, because he’s on the right side, of the people.
My MP is Patrick Mcloughlin. He is . He hardly tweets. His last tweet was in September. He doesn't respond to emails I send about voting re Brexit. He was until recently Chairman of the Conservatives.
Did they give you the usual 5 mins whilst they spent the rest off the time slagging Brexit / Trump off? I didn’t watch but I bet I’m right
And all the savvy Eastern Europeans I talked to on a trip there in March, knew that Russia, with help from people like Bannon, interfered in the Brexit vote. And those same people all doubted the legitimacy of the vote.
. seems to think Brexit is purely about immigration &amp; controlling our borders. That's important, but main reason why people voted to leave the EU was to take back control of our democracy &amp; become a sovereign, global free-trading country. #Newsnight #StandUp4Brexit
And personally I think he's played a blinder on Brexit.. and seen off the Blairite rebellion ....
Cameron disappeared the next day despite saying he would implement #LEAVE if he lost meant there were no contingency plans for #BREXIT. It is #DISHONEST for #BREXITEERS to claim they knew exactly what voters wanted. The #LEAVE campaign has #LIED &amp; #CHEATED for over 2 years.
Our policy now is to invest in players we know. Perhaps with Brexit in mind. And there cannot be one rule for footballers and another for other workers
1. Tell me the Rights we are about to lose 29/03/19? 2. Tell me how Labour prevents the loss of further Rights protected by the ECJ after #Brexit when A) They're not in power B) Tories get back into power? Sup Court follows Law Parl makes Law Maj Govt Drafts Law. #Brexit is Tory
Reframe: #MayBrexit a humiliation for #ToryGov #Britain is still welcome in #EU
Since #brexit and Donald Trump people have started to take an interest in politics. I beg of you, can we all please just go down the pub and talk bollocks like we used to?
Project Fear 2.0: Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
I had no idea is actually thick, or perhaps he's simply deranged? Oops! My mistake he thinks 17.4m people are thick. #BinTheBackstop #DumpMay
Utter bollocks. Your version of Brexit ignored the reality of what could be done. It is so easy to blame others for your own failings.
Come on. You can't have your rosy-coloured #Brexit because it doesn't exist. Now you are just blaming everyone else.
What, because you may have to complete legal applications to stay in the UK? Have you ever tried working in another country outside the tiny minority of the EU?
Brexit bullshit bingo: Stewart now says we’d have no control over immigration in single market. Single market does give controls, gov has total control over non-EU immigration nkw, and also immigration is good and government is willing to sacrifice economy on altar of xenophobia
I've just said poff
I don't share your pessimistic view post Brexit There will be difficulties but we are at a crossroads. The Neoliberal hegemonic system needs dismantling and a Corbyn led Gov post Brexit has a chance to start to change things economically and socially.
Greatest mistake was enacting brexit instead of rejecting it
Strange piece in todays that paints a negative picture of Taoiseach speech to Dail on the #Brexit withdrawal agreement based on a supposed "smirk" At odds with words spoken
Wow, the fanatical, Brexit-supporting female vicar's incredible #HairIsland on #Newsnight tonight makes Steve McClaren's look #halfarsed
Brexiters: "Haha you lost. Get over it!" *All leavers in government and political parties run away. Remainer Prime Minister delivers 'Brexit' that basically involves not leaving the EU* Remainers: *knowing smile*
A Fistful of Brexit 50p’s #Brexit #MakeAFilmCheap
#BlackFriday spend a little to get a lot.. Well OK, help us to get some ads going and reach people who are still 'leave'..release the truth...#PeoplesVote #FBPE #Remain #StopBrexit
Took my glasses off to clean them and was briefly confused as to why Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was on the Telegraph's frontpage.
1. Tell me the Rights we are about to lose 29/03/19? 2. Tell me how Labour prevents the loss of further Rights protected by the ECJ after #Brexit when A) They're not in power B) Tories get back into power? Sup Court follows Law Parl makes Law Maj Govt Drafts Law. #Brexit is Tory
#Brexit was never going to end well. A messy divorce with the children blaming different parents. You have to admire the patience shown by .
I wonder if Brexit was designed, by the smartest minds in the land, to fail from the outset. Because surely, if it was to succeed, it would have been forward-planned? If so, the Government's shame is doubled - they failed at failing. #PeoplesVote and start again if you must.
It’s all about them. It’s just a gig.
In answer to yr. request for a question re Brexit. What is the rationale for stripping every British national of their person rights of entry, settlement and work in EU countries, when they offer us so many opportunities now and for our children in the future?
I really don't get it. We had a Refendum. A majority voted to leave. We very polite, yet we are treated shabbily by the EU and undermined by Quislings in our own country. When did democracy die in this country? #ForBritain #brexit #UKIP
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
James you have been on numerous programmes telling us that this deal does honour Brexit! Strange you then feel the need to ask her! You know she’s lying, the deal is Brino &amp; you’re playing along! Tory’s really are finished &amp; don’t bank on the fact that ppl won’t want a Corbyn gov
Only 27% of the population voted for #Brexit And out of those I would guess most of them didn't vote for this #brexitshambles So you're right, it's more than half. Alot more... #PeoplesVote
Surely this isn’t true???
#newsnight "General Public" panel on Brexit is THE MOST POINTLESS of exercises. Tedious and of ZERO value.
I'm going to answer that there was going to be a transition period that would have resembled Brexit divided by a thousand, so it'd have been easy..... oh BTW the pound is Scottish, Economy fine, EU yes a question what's the more?
there is a trace of it, granted, but it’s pretty faint. If you want to understand Brexit vote, I’d recommend the David Goodhart book. Much as I am a remainer, not all leavers are nationalistic or fools. Mind you I don’t think the vote was much about Europe at all.
A good article the reason it’s had to be written, is weak leadership, lack of cohesion and direction from an inept PM. We voted leave. A strong pM would: Announce we’re leaving and then prepare. Leave on WTO. Negotiate a deal. Not this debacle
I am concientious about the future for our children already here and fighting desperately to work with over crowding and limited supplies for school and many other circumstances that come when management is overwhelmed. Concern for safety for everyone envolved must be a priority.
Well he’s an MP isn’t he? Personally I struggle to keep up when they are all shouting at each other #newsnight
Are the government seriously suggesting that in the biggest negotiation in the world, you should accept the first offer? #Brexit #newsnight #BBCAskThis
If Brexit has taught us one thing about "the people" is that they're.....
On BBC Radio Scotland this morning, Yanis Varoufakis explains why there is no "deal" because there have been no negotiations. And he should know. #brexit Listen in at 2:09:40
Right I am bored now. Sign deal and move on #Brexit BTW I voted remain.
Homeless guy i chat with reckons he will still be homeless after Brexit next year.
Trying hard to visualise this: tells tonight "we've got people digging trenches... working in silos" #MixedMetaphor #Brexit
Australian government fixers.! Reminds me of a conversation I had with a Tasmanian liberal federal senator. I argued that Trump would become President and Britain would vote for #Brexit. He was certain that neither would happen. Now I know why.!
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype
Davis and Raab went crying off the pitch on contact with reality. May and Robbins honoured your Brexit and brought back the best deal they could. Own it.
Brexit BOMBSHELL: EU countries ready to SINK Brexit – May must choose 'deal or fisheries'
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
I think I’ve just become a convert to no-deal, just to see the eyes popping out of Nigel Farage’s face at this.
Right?
Too young to vote in the Brexit referendum - now I want a People’s Vote via
is on #Newsnight, a man who knows that #Brexit is ruining the country, but who is loyally trying to “bring together” both sides. It’s like trying to find a mid point of agreement between homophobes and normal people. Not possible.
This has got to be a windup #Newsnight get a grip #Brexit where did you get the panel from down the local boozer
#IsItOK that EVERY TIME #TheresaMay is asked a question about #Brexit, she does anything she can to AVOID ANSWERING the question that she has been asked?!!
Good stuff from
What this guy? "We must see Brexit as a great opportunity to refocus our economy on global, rather the regional, trade. This is an opportunity to renew our strong relationships with Commonwealth and Anglosphere countries."
JUST ADMITTED IMMIGRATION FUELS TRUMP / BREXIT
an a tory that doesn't have a clue on what a shock. a second vote is the only way to go now the picture is clear on what brexit is.
Please define your proper brexit? Soft and hard are just too vague.
Hark ... the sound of the penny dropping in the UK is deafening. #BrexitDeal #brexit
This sounds plausible to me. When one party forces another to the negotiating table, they will usually ask for things too.
Brexit deal summary: What is the current Brexit deal?
BBCNewsnight: “A lot of the students I go to university with come from the EU and it seems very unfair on them that there is that hostile environment, ever since Brexit, towards medical students and towards NHS staff,” says Anita #newsnight
Govt publishes a Brexit deal overview and new Brexit fact checker
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
Well, there is nothing on the table that beats the deal we had pre-EURef
No this deal does not in any shape or form represent the brexit the people voted for. Even those who want to remain see this as even worse than the brexit that the people wanted. If this was not so serious it would comical, but it our nation that will suffer not them they are ££
The reason we are in this mess is because of David Cameron putting party before county for a few grubby votes from racist ukip. #Newsnight #brexit
Yes, it is. Brexit won’t fix it.
Brexiteers don't be downhearted at the betrayal of democracy by the remoaner scum of the House of Commons We are at 52% and if we can settle on Brexit unity candidates in a general election, we would control the Commons with just 45% of the electorate We shall have our Brexit
You get a free Knighthood with every vote in support of May's Brexit deal on Black Brexit Friday.
Sadly seem to have got further out of the blocks than Jeremy Corbyn who didn’t seem to know there was a Brexit battle to be fought
My version of the socialist message doesn't include Brexit, which is inherently reactionary.
Perhaps it would be a good idea for MPs to seek legal advice before committing themselves. The choice is between permanent EU vassalage &amp; servitude for generations to come, or Freedom Liberty Independence &amp; Democracy. A no brainer i would say!
You know Brexit is definitely going to happen when Britain decides to start sending it's cunts to Australia again.
I’ve voted Tory all my life - never again
Scots imposed Blair's last government, he was succeeded by a Scot, with a Scottish Chancellor. May only won the last GE with Scottish votes. Without Scottish votes, Brexit probably wouldn't be happening. Hardly "ignored".
"better" and "different" don't mean the same thing
Worst Live Lounge Ever! #teresamay #brexit
Except the people were wrong. Just like they were wrong taking 7 years to figure out austerity is a con. This idea that the electorate are these high minded individuals is a nonsense. #Newsnight #Brexit
What on earth was that #brexit discussion supposed to be? #newsnight
These people have far too much money.
A two-for-one offer!
Remember when we had a reliable and honorable MP in Peterborough... and one who also would have been working within the HoC to deliver the manifesto commitment to deliver #Brexit
Premier League bracing for Brexit impact
From "the people" that brought you Brexit......
Breakfast means Breakfast
Has this got something to do with Brexit ?
And what? Since #Brexit vote we've discovered that some people kept mum because they thought "PC" was an official policy... obviously nothing to do with the society deciding that certain language or behaviour are no longer acceptable
Rory Stewart is being duplicitous, a referendum on the Brexit deal would *not* be the same as the 2016 referendum, different questions Rory. #Newsnight
Is this a brexit euphamism?
The Guardian view on Theresa May’s Brexit deal: all options remain open | Editorial
“It will come as no surprise to learn that all 20 Premier League clubs were against Brexit back in 2016. “ I don’t think so! How many football fans voted to Leave?
What happens if MPs reject Brexit deal?
So no one will be able to say she didn’t try to sell the remainer’s brexit when she retires. And when she leaves the stage we have a chance to stop the remainer deals and claim what we voted for - to leave the EU. Simple, straightforward and what it says on the tin.
just half an hour ago had a propagandist on shamelessly claiming that Theresa May's popularity is rising in the polls and support for her Brexit proposals are swelling fast? I trust Alfons &amp; #twitter more than the BBC.
*sigh*
If there is ever a vote it should be a vote for ‘May’s deal’ or ‘no deal’ to uphold referendum result.
I assume they're releasing this information now to boost sterling in the face of a disastrous Brexit.
What about the people who desperately want a second referendum but couldn’t in good conscience vote for a Labour Party led by Jeremy Corbyn? If he were campaigning against Brexit, you might have a point. But he isn’t, he’s enabling it. So this is just bullshit.
Since when did u give a dam about the people or what they vote for Oxbridge posh boy ?? #brexit #PeoplesVote
DUP to AMBUSH Theresa May’s Brexit deal TOMORROW - ‘The beginning of the end’
Billion pound refund then? Tories get a Brexit dividend even if no-one else does.
AND GUESS WHERE THOSE WHP WERE HEADING FOR UK ARE GOING TO COME?
I RTd Carol's tweet because I'd just heard some Brexit voters saying they wanted to retire to Spain. They told me they thought freedom of movement didn't apply to them, just to foreigners coming to Britain. Just explaining!
Thoroughly enjoyed this afternoon’s #Garner2018 lecture delivered by Advocate General Kokott. The discussion on 3P/NGO involvement in #CJEU proceedings was particularly interesting in light of Brexit. Should the CJEU accept amicus curiae briefs?
#reesmoggcannotorganise a shit show at a Brexit cabinet meeting
Yes they can - they cannot veto the withdrawal agreement but a trade agreement needs agreement from all 27 countries.... #Brexit . the agreement on trade is a plan not a legally binding agreement.
And like most Democrats. The press apparently twisted her comments out of recognition.
From the govt formation in Italy, last May, to the TARP in the US in 2008, in the last financial crisis. Bickering politicians have always backtracked on their opposition, after a market crash. #Brexit opponents could, too!
She's so desperate #brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #gtto
Dead voters rule...”if not a single voter in the referendum two years ago changes their mind, enough mainly Leave voters will have died, and enough mainly Remain voters will have reached voting age, to wipe out the Leave majority achieved in June 2016.”
2 chances - hope and bob
Brexit news: Theresa May under pressure from fishing communities over deal | Politics | News |
"Everybody who voted for Trump/brexit/Bolsonaro/Orbán is an idiot and a Nazi. They should totally own means of production though, that I trust them with." Socialists in a nutshell. I wonder how they'd act if some vote went against their wishes under socialism.
So following #bbcqt on TV last night Then #bbcaq on Radio 4 this evening.. Now #bbcnewsnight continues England/UK crisis of confidence due to Brexit.... Seems being a world joke for months now is being realised #TragicReally
Definitively regretting not cornering the market in Brexit satire Father. I missed out there.
Plus Rory Stewart keeps repeating the new May mantra: ‘a no plan, no deal Brexit.’ Why is there no plan, Rory?
Spot on.
#StandUp4Brexit &amp; #ChuckChequers ~ #TheresaMay's botched attempts at grandstanding followed by her series of capitulations is disastrous &amp; deliberately worse than membership. It is NOT #Brexit &amp; no self-respecting country could sign her crappy deal. Reject it! #LeaveMeansLeave
Well done. Absolutely no reason to operate in this crazed, benighted country.
So what are you saying here, that now UKIP and/or Tommy Robinson and/or Nigel Farage are colluding with the Brexit sellout? I have a lot of issues with deep state collusion, but I'm not quite sure who you are accusing of what here?
#spain has to be careful with #brexit talk or #britain could cancel all our holidays as #tourism keeps spain afloat and it will be cheaper to go to #disneyland #florida than #Benidorm
Too true. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal - get it trending!
STOP, this is not a deal this is the bullshit the EU have offered you, this so called deal you have negotiated is nothing more than crap, we would rather have no deal than Teresa’s shit deal public and parliament hate ur deal
Have you ever wondered why people are consumed by Brexit? Being an anti Brexit activist does not mean you don’t acknowledge the shit show of Conservative imposed austerity. Indeed the majority believe Brexit will extend &amp; deepen austerity &amp; allow Tories to tell us we voted 4 it!
Isn’t this Defeatism the problem?! Thank God she wasn’t in charge over Dunkirk...: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if Brexit agreement rejected
The #British people also want a final say on this! They want a say on the final deal or to #remain through an informed #peoplesvote The deal on offer is bad for all &amp; we the people are determined to deliver No #Brexit Just for your reference
"Corbyn gets it" - take note Downing Street this is your majority that keeps you in office speaking
Never trust a #toryrebel 2j ‘#AnnaSoubry generally voted against UK membership of the EU’ #brexit #FBPE
UK getting rid of EU nationals after Brexit
"New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit."
#Scottish #salmon producers say May's #Brexit plans pose "serious questions"
“you would create a polarising toxic politics in this country” yeah, because that's not happened already!
Or this one?
Catalonia reiterates its support for the final agreement reached by London and Brussels about #Brexit
“It says here we’ll be infused with freedom and gain relief from former bondage.” “Is that Atlas Shrugged?” “.... .....Br ....Brexit.”
“....create a polarising toxic politics..” I think that happened when cowardly Cameron started us on this dubious journey.
#Brexit ignorant deluded slowly waking up to #BrexitShambles reality as isolated offshore island to continental trade superpower with zero influence over the rules and conditions of it's trade.
Remaining is not a bad thing. The negotiated brexit deal or no deal are the worse cases in reality.
Voters are complaining about housing, NHS, schools, packed trains etc. All are problems from migration. At some point they will give up on centrist politics and vote far left or far right. Globalisation has failed them because democracy is broken. That's what Brexit was about.
The paranoid fantasy behind Brexit – podcast | The Guardian's Audio Long Reads
this is WONDERFUL thank you give Hermann a follow
It will make the UK go for a hard brexit.
So where the f*ck is it and why haven't any of your brexit cheerleaders been able to show anything or prove it can work?
Just listening to the song by Cinco ft. Meghan Trainor &amp; Sean Paul ...fantastic...melodic...mellow...a tune as I would say. Yet we got #Dumbass #Trumpology #Brexit #Nationalism #Global #Stupidology "Life is simple...It's people that complicate it" #OneLove #Peace
Spanish PM threatens to snub Brexit summit over future of Gibraltar (Video) : | #TheMatch
Ah Brexit. Nothing to do with sovereignty but just plain old fear of foreigners.
May gives knighthood to veteran Eurosceptic John Hayes who she sacked as a minister in January, triggering accusations she's using honours system to get her Brexit deal through parliament
- "warned her critics that the EU will not offer further concessions on the current plan." Did I NOT tweet this May REALIZATION here?©
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Brexit brings with it stupidity. Sorry bro..., you good though?
Daniel Kawczynski MP, the proposed '#Brexit deal' doesn't deliver #Brexit. I suggest you listen to MP to help you decide.
Buying #Brexit votes. This is obscene and should be illegal.
She just doesn’t get Brexit, does she?
Classic BBC 'balance' - Only one Labour supporter, a centrist, on a #Newsnight panel of 6 discussing #Brexit. Corbyn's party are leading in all the polls! This is a *deliberate suppression* of true public sentiment.
"I voted to remain because leave was always going to be a clusterfuck . . . with ardent Remainers in charge, backed up by a Euro-fanatic Civil Service." There, finished your sentence for you.
Brexit I will go to England. Imigrate because Brasil have a Hitler now. EU, Italy suport this government is also facist too.
They did such a good job convincing Scots via the MSM in 2014 that there was no oil left but now with Brexit on the horizon, they have placed themselves in a bit of a sticky wicket and now need to reassure the markets that they can shore up the £ - voila, rabbit from the hat.
This is shameful. If there is one reason to be against Brexit, this is it. This is not some abstract notion of sovereignty or control. This is people's lives.
Hooray !
Please,please, please, when Brexit bites the dust can Remainers have a designated moment to shout WE TOLD YOU SO all together?
Well Brexit has cost me about £1200 in currency loss costs on rent and I'm not at all sure what benefits I'll get back. Longer queues at airports, dearer booze and food and maybe the loss of good European friends. There should have been a proper cost v benefit analysis FIRST then
Does the Conservative party not understand that sticking with Mrs May is political suicide for their party?
Brexit
A treat for everyone who misses Share Radio this weekend: Ed Bowsher back on the airwaves guesting on my Markets Talk podcast with Mike Ingram of W H Ireland. Find out how Ed has tweaked his portfolio for any future Brexit shocks.
Brexit deal latest: Spain PM Pedro Sanchez says EU Council summit ....
Please, PLEASE everybody, ReTweet this as much as possible. The Brexit Bastards are at it already - and WRONGLY. We are now in the hands of Nazis and Trump followers for certain. Please ReTweet Tanja's message. Please.
You’ll be power sharing with the. You’re lucky if you f@!k #Brexit up
What a terrible idea - that's like what the Snats do when they see a company selling products with a Union flag. Not a good idea to copy.
So there we have it! More EU Austerty for all of us! We're all in it together...apart from the Politicians that is, they don't give a damn!
Sometimes friends nail the feckless inanity of 'Brexit no matter what' better than I have this far. Don't #brexshit your bed because of a vague notion of 'independence.' We ARE independent. We're just a member of a union.
And yes, start by reforming the uk from within instead of only looking for problems abroad.
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
I’ve no respect for him, if he intends to vote YES to this shit show of a fake Brexit Deal, in parliament
Where can I find the footage of you publicly berating that fan for voting Brexit?
Because we elected her to deliver Brexit and yet allowed Parliament to continually undermine her negotiating position.
Yes it’s a great deal for the EU and for remainers who btw didn’t win the referendum - go figure
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
Disgusted at reporting Fracking lies tonight! "Fracking could provide much needed jobs come Brexit" There are no employment opportunities in UK from Fracking. NB: Fracking injects toxic chemicals into a hole &amp; Dangerous radioactive water &amp; sludge comes back out!
Most immigration into the UK is from outside the EU. Brexit won't reduce that.
A party that embraces Tommy Robinson will lose its say on Brexit - CapX
"After March this year, the Government, which until then publicly had been on course to honour the referendum decision, changed direction, assisted by the break down of collective cabinet responsibility." #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
via Brexiteer’s STERN message for MPs who FAILED to oust Theresa May before Brexit deal agreed #UK_News
*She's done the maths*
The leaflet didn’t explain how complicated Brexit was did it? Or the fact that any deal would be a compromise? We were told we hold all the cards &amp; it would be the easiest deal in history. I’ll leave you to work out whether I am a Tory or not. Are you happy with the deal?
Oh look..an unexpected Friday knighthood conferred to a Brexit supporting Conservative MP !
"Spain Bars May's Way to Brussels Brexit Deal" by REUTERS via NYT
My letter to my MP to urge him to vote down May's deal and proceed with #Brexit. I urge everyone to do the same!
Hooray
Very tempted to take up this offer. It may be an antidote to what appears to be an outbreak of perpetual post Brexit anger from all sides.
Withdrawal agreement CHANGED adding two more years to Brexit transition period THIS HAS TO BE STOPPED IMMEDIATLEY.
Don’t get your hopes up, Carl. The outcome will be much the same if a negotiating team consisting of Mogg, Boris, James Dyson and Jesus Christ were running Brexit talks.
too little to late!
Guessing that Gerard Batten isn't really that interested in Tommy Robinson beyond using him for access to a 'Street Movement' for when #Brexit inevitably doesn't pan-out the way Batten/UKIP wants. #Predictable
Sorry Nev, you're bang out of order. Arfur had way more integrity.
This is also what I think will happen. Through on the 2nd vote.
Lib Dems tried for a peoples vote Dec 2017 Labour abstained from the vote, but backbenchers John Mann and Dennis Skinner went through the voting lobbies with the Tories. Lib Dem Commons bid for second Brexit referendum resoundingly defeated
This Brexit fiasco will fester for two decades if it's not nipped in the bud. #newsnight
You know what a hit the economy will take from Brexit and how that will impact on public services like provision for the homeless. So fuck off.
Brexit isn't happening.
Complete and utter bollocks. Rising recession risk leaves Europe acutely vulnerable to no-deal Brexit shock
Imagine going to a market and hagggle over the price. Then you negotiate a price of 150% over and above the one offered by the seller. You walk away from the deal hailing it as a success. That’s what May and the Tories have done with Brexit. #BrexitChaos
#isitok that the bbc called in the singer from re #brexit
Lovely that kids can remain both Dutch and British! The UK system of education is brilliant but so expensive that my nephews (Italy) will now struggling to afford masters in England or Scotland due to the fee and probably lack of loans for eu kids after brexit : (
Brexit: Will Spain's Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock?
Well one of you hasn't got their facts right - my money is on the Quitter #Brexit FYI
It does seem to be part of the subtext of Brexit. For example the desire to abandon the common market and replace it with trade with the commonwealth. And what is the commonwealth if not a remnant of the empire?
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
Anti Labour newsnight they really going after Labour has Jeremy Corbyn taken over brexit negotiations
Nicholas I am with you here, I joined the Lib Dems after Brexit because I have Polish friends working long hours supporting Adults with learning disabilities for near minimum wage having dog poo posted through their letter box with a note saying Poles go Home.
Struck by FO's Simon McDonald highlighting leaders' behaviour post 1815 &amp; 1918 in his annual presentation to HM ambassadors in BBC's 'Inside the FO'. Will Brexit provoke Paris or Versailles? What price, today's political pygmies choosing the latter, so people pay the price again.
I think “Tommy Robinson” should change his name again to “Nigel Garage”
Rory Stewart, a Tory, hmm, not my favourite people, but this man has great empathy, and empathetic perception. He's right, this muddled mess is all we have, the best we can hope for.
I switched it off. Get fed up of hearing lies about the not-BrExit deal from Rory Stewart after hearing lies about a people's vote on BBCNews from Sadiq Khan.
u seriously need to step down now. Brexit means brexit? Ha ur tying us to the eu like u planned from the start
BBC tried to think outside of the box..and when they did saw a box of wheatbix "The singer from Wheatus was on the BBC talking about Brexit for some reason"
Damon Albarn and Paul Simonon on the new album Merrie Land and Brexit on Channel 4 News.
Theresa has a new career ahead of her #Brexit #TheresaMay
We see extreme #fascism. Would you like the evidence or are you aware of it? #BRexit #UK
As an European citizen working in social care and described by the PM as a Queue jumper I simply did and to this date cannot see a queue to jump over#brexit
Or they could move across to JLR and build the new Evoque. Vauxhall are losing market share in the company car market. Economical sense naff all to do with Brexit.
We can’t accept blame for the impact until we actually get Brexit, so far that’s not on offer.
It was #Brexit that prompted the thought, but also #climate and most aspects of the world's economy.
Telegraph understands Immigration White Paper in w/c 3rd December, with Brexit vote expected the next week. "Leaked" Cabinet papers reveal govt will back MAC proposals (skilled / low-skill curbs)
Have a word about Brexit whilst you’re there and see if we can ensure we retain access to these views as part of the deal!
Sometimes friends nail the feckless inanity of 'Brexit no matter what' better than I have this far. Don't #brexshit your bed because of a vague notion of 'independence.' We ARE independent. We're just a member of a union. Drop the brainwashed hyperbole.
She reported the cry bit because her ex Duncan Smith did the same. She was running scared, she wouldnt give a toss about Brexit, it wouldnt affect her
The classic remoaner predictions, your have to get used to eating earthworms and drinking water from rivers, Dan if you let me know your address I will send you my Grandpa’s billy can.
My e-mail to my MP urging him to reject May's deal and proceed with #Brexit. I urge you ALL to do the same.
So are you saying Brexit was quantified...? Alas, no.
Yes of course. A manifesto is not a contractural promise but a declaration of intent. In Brexit the intent was to leave the EU, that’s all, all the rest was outside their control and is irrelevant. This is why remain is so confused. There is no warranty in politics
Only one thing to ask, what’s your opinion about #brexit?
Spain Stands Firm on Gibraltar Status as Brexit Vote Nears
Hey Mrs May - can I have a knighthood and I'll stop tweeting for Corbyn's labour? Make that a peerage and I'll even support the Tories. Give me a £1bn bung and I'll even support your Brexit deal, sure I will. #GetTheToriesOut
Why do you keep talking about a “no plan, no deal Brexit”? It was your job to plan for all outcomes, including a no deal Brexit. Why have you not done that?
Editor of knows once Brexit is finished, she is finished. Ditto Humphrys. Dacre learnt that lesson early
Bring on Rory for a #Brexit chat - again
They have eased off supporting trump apparently at the moment , they have all been put onto the hard Brexit push .Accounts popping up everywhere
And yet all the media can drone on about ad infinitum is hard Brexit / soft Brexit / May's Brexit deal / Brexit Brexit Brexit!!! The tories are KILLING this country!
I totally agree.
Sadly we were never going to get a better deal than the one we already had. The UK needs the EU more than they need us.
Someone is lucky we abolished capital punishment. Where is ? What does he have to say of the state of the negotiations when he had to resign because was negotiating behind his back? #Brexit Davis could finish May. He should.
Just as Mrs May thought things couldn't get any worse Paul Gascoigne has turned up at number 10 with his fishing rods claiming he knows her and he can solve all her #Brexit problems. #TheresaMay
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote - Sky News
Its a weak balance for which is full on pro Tory pro Brexit. Its their fig leaf for the massive bias eleswhere. We have a few anti Brexit comedians on so we can get away with pushing out pro brexit propaganda on every serious show.
I think that’s slightly ‘unfair’ on May. She has actively, perniciously turned Brexit into a personal campaign to end FoM. She’s defeated the Brexiteers, they just haven’t realised it yet.
Remainers lost but have been demanding they are included in Brexit negotiations. They want to stay in &amp; excluded Brexiteers from all Brexit negotiations both in UK &amp; EU which is why May/Robbins/EU deal not Brexit at all it's a stitch-up Brexit not hard or soft it means Leaving EU
Poor old James, reduced to a mere turd polisher
Our environmental standards shouldn’t be watered down after Brexit - please make the #EnvironmentBill as ambitious as possible
Remarkable. 5th richest before the Ref. You’ve helped the descent to 6th and are Carey along helping the descent so clear off you massive hypocrite and listen to your members on Brexit. Why should we listen to you when you don’t listen to them?
Brexit misreporting and false equivalence has killed and especially for me. Now replaced by and independent podcasts. Sad after over 40 years of trusting our national broadcaster to 'educate, inform and entertain' they don't do the first two.
That 85% has more than one view of Brexit though? Whilst ridiculous it is trying to appease leavers and remainers alike.
James, Join the club. I was blocked by George Galloway for having the temerity to ask why he supported Brexit for England but wanted Scotland to Remain in the UK ? Its seem so contradictory. Possibly he has a motive but I don't know what?
It’s crunch time, Corbyn. You need to talk about Brexit – ‘constructive ambiguity’ won’t work after this weekend
The #Brexit deal explained in one word. #Shambles #SackTheBrexitDeal
Remain's got it in the bag then...
My worry is that after brexit there'll be more austerity not less. And less money for NHS.
gary i do know that we are on our own after brexit but even speaking of a second refurendum is totally against democracy is it not?
sorry you are wrong so wrong. The default position in any further referendum is May’s deal. that is the brexit that your government has negotiated. The only alternative to brexit, your deal is remain It’s quite simple really. Ask she gets it
I'm surprised at the #Conservatives don't get it, their loss for perhaps a generation &amp; Labours acceleration of civil conflict #BREXIT
It was a clusterfuck. And in January they'll blame the uncertainty of Brexit. We'll get O Donnell and a couple of man city wonderkids from wythenshawe
People who think in these pure terms will never be happy. That is the Reality. If we do a proper Brexit, this man would have plenty to say about the effects on his life.
This clown shoe pontificating to people whilst having absolutely no idea what he's talking about.
Post-Brexit around 2022 is my guess
Brexit means brexit
Time until BREXIT is 125 days, 23 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Corruption? Bribery?
Afraid I'm not analyzing events correctly then. If your Brexit depends on conspiracy theories to work, I'm afraid it's fatally holed below the waterline
what's a major substantive difference between Conservatives and GOP? "Don't be racist"? Kinda screwed that up with Brexit
There are 3012 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
There are 3012 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News - Legislatives
#Gibraltar rocks final stages of #Brexit negotiation
Tutored in maths this week. Young student wanted to live and study in Sweden. Devastated by #Brexit. Young dreams destroyed.
Anyone told corbyn that he needs to present the people with the option of #peoplesvote with #remain? General election doesn’t answer the Brexit questions.
Brexit is 3024 hours away. #brexit
A first brexit will doom us all to economic stagnation. We need a salubrious brexit to make the UK great again!
Third of Brexit voters believe Muslim immigration is part of a secret plot to Islamicise Britain, study suggests
Do you believe in #Brexit ? #remainuk #voteleave
Everyone’s surprised to find out that Noel Edmonds is a prick. In other breaking news, Trump’s not all that popular either and Brexit is a shambles. #ImACeleb
What you need to know about Gibraltar in the Brexit talks
Gibraltar has worked with Spain on Brexit deal, chief minister says :Auto pickup by wikyou
Anyone told corbyn that he needs to present the people with the option of #peoplesvote with #remain? General election doesn’t answer the Brexit questions.
Is this bribery?
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit
Amen,Says THE LORD GOD Je'sus THE KING AND HIGH PRIEST OF HEAVEN.
I know a school nurse who voted Leave. The only one of my FB contacts brave enough to answer my 24.6.16 plea for someone, anyone, to PLEASE give me something, anything to feel positive about re Brexit. (She said we can 'take back control') (I said DM headlines don't count)
GBP/USD Weekly Forecast: Brexit deal approval set to support Sterling after the weekend summit
Labour sorting Brexit no chance. They certainly won't get my vote.
This.
It's absolutely pathetic that Theresa May still refuses to publicly endorse the decision to leave the EU. She should openly endorse Brexit and say that we will be better off with our global free-trading future. Just saying that you accept the result isn't good enough! #Newsnight
Episode 417 has landed! Alexa as a murder witness, K-Tel continues the hit parade, Brexit and Gibraltar, journalism under threat in The Philippines and more.
No it's not
Brexiteer’s Stern message for MPs who failed to oust #TheresaMay before #Brexit deal agreed
It took the Media 30 + years of Anti Europe propaganda to get to the #Brexit Clusterfuckmageddon, but they have no solutions now #Newsnight
True... this editorial pretty much aligns with how I think, it's well worth a read given twitters limited character allowance making it difficult to really nail the reasons why this hook up is so bad for UKIP, Tommy and most importantly Brexit.
I personally believe that we should just pull the plug, I voted Leave and would vote Leave again if I had to, The #EU are nothing more than Bullies, We should stop buying German / French Cars &amp; start making our own again along with Military Vehicles &amp; Planes etc!
Well done, you are a man of principle, I hope the Withdrawal Agreement does not pass in the HC and that it is not too late to get us out of the EU with no deal, a clean Brexit
.Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out
Gibraltar MEP Warns Brexit Will Mean GIVING AWAY The Control We Had - LBC
Mundell is a wee shitebag.
Likely true. BUT what SERIOUSLY needs to start understanding - and VERY quickly - is that it IS because of Brexit that ppl are rejoining. Not islam, not Tommy Robinson, or "cultural marxism", or freedom of speech - but #Brexit!! This seems ot be lost on the party currently.
Of course she shouldn't. There will likely be no Brexit ever if she does.
The thing is that Corbyn in his heart is happy to Brexit. His strength, as some see it, of sticking to a view no matter what, is crippling him here now. If there ever was a time for a leader to stand up and say actually I think we should remain it is now. But he can’t. He won’t.
Ratfink. The principled Tory to the end. la-la-la I’m not listening.
It’s great that this organisation are having the debate about a united ireland, it’s happening more and more since Brexit. Can only be a good thing.
But the way brexit is going this could work out perfectly for them.
Two and a half years in, still no case for pursuing Brexit, no way of making it work better than we have things now. Just cancel the thing and have done with it. Night night.
Only 2 British daily papers now support a hard #brexit
Whoops the race card has just been played. Sounds like someone is losing.
No support from Labour at all as usual Lib Dem Commons bid for second Brexit referendum resoundingly defeated
The book would have been closed on Brexit before Cameron had enjoyed his second breakfast.
GBP/USD Weekly Forecast: Brexit deal approval set to support Sterling after the weekend summit
New post (EU Struggles to Agree on Gibraltar Before Brexit Summit) has been published on TrumpsMinutemen -
Why Dover can handle a ‘no-deal’ Brexit -
Looks like a good basis for a sensible immigration policy (after we end Freedom of Movement in God knows how many years). But it won’t reframe the debate on the Withdrawal Agreement because Brexit was not fundamentally about immigration, a point has never got.
From a leftist perspective it doesn't really matter long-term but still, imagining the alternate timeline where the Brexit vote went the other way is weird as hell
I don't think the honours system could get any lower than Cameron giving it to his wife's hairdresser .. but at least she couldn't then vote lib brexit
But you made it to Silk Been worse to have the advantages you had and not make it. Anybody who Really wants it will still makeitvafter #brexit
The latest PromotingUK News! Thanks to #uk #brexit
As you can see I got blocked by #FBPE just for talking about brexit. Look I’m happy to listen but please be willing to listen to both sides! #Brexit
Better to do 2 rounds: 1) Which brexit? (2 weeks pass) 2) So are we doing it? From an election nerd pov this is inefficient when you could automate the transfers, but you avoid the problem of people claiming transfers aren't proper votes
That’s incorrect. The U.K. is a wto member in its own right. Several countries (more than those listed above), have rejected the UKs draft Brexit tariff schedules.
I feel like #Brexit should be one of those things we pretend never happened...a bit like the Godfather Part 3
Jeez...the ship sinks ever lower...
The government is fractured beyond repair, the Leader of the Opposition leads a party with no credible solutions to the Brexit fiasco, and the Brexiteer Brigade MPs are putting their own interests ahead of the people. Surely the only sensible option is a definitive #PeoplesVote?
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected.’ Well if this one’s rubbish, what’s the point?
Graham is right. Brexit will define the future economic and political landscape for decades and not in a good way unless it is stopped. I'm for suspending hostilities in the national interest. Plenty of battles to be had but we should fight this one united across party lines
Dear Ben, I might be a lone voice here, but as my elected representative, I would like you to support the PM's Brexit deal..
Brexit FAQ: Will Problems with the Irish border stop Brexit?
We’re imprisoned in the customs union for life, why do we need trade envoys?
At least it was bunged no wait it wasn’t
Hear hear on Brexit... except, not accepting the bad transitional agreement/deal doesn't have to mean out with no deal whatsoever. I predicted in June 2016 the current government would fall on this issue and Brexit (after delays) would ultimately be cancelled. Let's see.
What benefit is a hard brexit to you balanced against the impact on others. On QT last night I was conscious the Iceland chaps main concern was the jobs of his low paid staff but as a few £ on shopping won't affect you, you must have ideological reasons
I’m working on Brexit Bitches, although 7 of us were together tonight so maybe a reunion would be quicker?
Be patient Maureen, there is a link to it out there and all non Separatists will laugh themselves senseless w en they hear it again! gave her a special award recently #SNP18 #Brexit
Europe Markets: European stocks eke out small gains to end week, despite weak oil, Brexit-deal doubts
The woman is a deluded fool trying hard to make a deal with EU but she is out of her depth . . .
Some estimate this year nearly 100 Iranians crossed Dover on dinghies (tiny boats, like small inflated ones) - to get into UK. Experts say it's a miracle there have been no deaths.
yes, thanks, I RT that few days back Also RT 's vid and article just found this one by Rev Simon Sideways, which is straight to the point: Hope more people RT them #nzpol
read this and reflect. If you let Brexit happen. will take equal blame or more as you represent the bulk of the people who are losing there jobs.
The number of companies leaving the UK because of Brexit is growing and with no deal now a distinct possibility, more are expected to follow. Last week, Japanese electronics’ manufacturer Panasonic announced that it’s moving its European HQ from the UK to The Netherlands.
We have said NO twice, what part of No do Angela Merkel and Theresa May not understand? #Brexit
You guys need a TRUMP!!!!
Theresa May prepares to face biggest threat to date: the Tory party
May sent Hammond to Northern Ireland to sweet talk the DUP - and guess what? They are now reconsidering the position on the the Brexit deal! #PeoplesVoteNow
Maybe she's saying that due to Brexit, there are people who are discriminating (in whatever way) to foreign students, who didn't feel that way inclined before. Just a guess. Otherwise I have no clue. Hope she isn't saying it's from the uni staff.
There has to be a public enquiry as to how 17.4 million leave voters were ignored and how a traitor was placed as PM with the sole intention of stopping #Brexit in it's track.
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal via #news #breakingnews
Says Brexit propagandist while allowing Abbott her 4639th interview of the day
&gt; 'No more sending vast sums of money to the EU' &gt; Pays a £39bn divorce fee #Brexit
I admire but the notion that the “deal” is somehow Brexit massaged to be more attractive to Remainers like me is astonishing. This is only a compromise in the sense that it is not the most extreme Brexit conceivable ...
The BBC must be disbanded. Never again must a biased pseudomonopoly be tolerated. The govt has proven itself unable to maintain neutrality
Except they didn't because May negotiated in parallel. Maybe just maybe that's why she's on her third brexit sec.
'If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy' - spiked via thanks
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype
I'm like that with my siblings over Brexit, have learned to keep my mouth shut, don't agree with their views but love them, crazy times
Boris Johnson could face prosecution over his big red Brexit bus via
The latest The Politics Daily! #politics #brexit
You shall reap what you sow #Brexit
Two separate agreements both are valid. The CTA is a FOM agreement between Ireland, the UK, IOM, Channel Islands &amp; uk protectorates. Neither it no the GFA are affected by Brexit.
That’s almost as pathetic as your Dover gaff.
This is absolute nonsense of course. Not accepting this rotten deal does not automatically lead to a no-deal Brexit. Parliament can decide what it wants to do, and increasingly a #peoplesvote looks like the best way forward.
A working class socialist alternative to the Tory Brexit put forward in the Irish parliament
I commend to you SOVEREIGN!
#brexit so after 13 years of living in UK with my Autistic son today I was informed by that my autistic severely disabled son will not be entitled for the care as an adult #discrimination I will have to back to Poland ?!?
Because you voted for bloody Brexit!!
No friends of ours, quite the reverse!
Laugh? I could have cried. Brilliant stuff, either way, from
Brexit does NOT mean Brexit... Forget the whole caboodle!
Well, now she’s made it Public. To my friends in the UK...whatever you do, #BREXIT now. If you wait longer, you will be done for. Tell the EU, Merkel &amp; Macron to get out of your way. #HailBrittania
Background Briefing: One year on - 52 new facts about Brexit - Open Britain
By BuzzFeed News' count, there are currently 90 Tory MPs who have already publicly indicated that they won't vote for May's Brexit deal. Here are their names #NoDealBrexit via
At last...... they're seeing sense.
I know full well why people are consumed by Brexit. I voted Remain. I just believe Tories and austerity are a bigger threat. Maugham and Grayling attack Corbyn far more than they do the Tories. It’s a Tory Brexit.
Ah, more of the neoliberal BS that gave us Trump. GO. AWAY. Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Theresa may be deceiving us about Brexit – by covering up the facts about Arron Banks and
The most healing course of action is a #PeoplesVote on this #FinalDeal. It's a lie to say that it would leave us open to hard #Brexit. Do not underestimate the grievance that will be felt by the majority of the country if you push us over the cliff. #Newsnight #FBPE
One of the biggest ironies about this peoples vote is that one of it's architects Alastair Campbell ignored a march of over 2m people protesting about the illegality of the Iraq war yet now bemoans the government ignoring a march of 600k against Brexit you couldn't make it up.
#TheresaMay was put in charge of the U.K. to betray Brexit from the beginning. No one in British ‘high society’ wanted Brexit to pass. No One. No one in Europe’s power elite wanted Brexit to pass. No One.
Brexit
At least we've had some respite from her 'the British ppl just want to get on with Brexit' lie.
Exactly, Liar Lewer. This is why we need to cancel Brexit. Given both Leave campaigns were illegal, we must respect democracy and declare that advisory vote void. Let’s make Britain great again by retaining our place at the governing table with our EU partners.
Total disgrace this PM, please someone give her her P45 #Brexit #PeoplesVote #MayMustGo #brexitchaos #BrexitShambles #remainineu
Spain 'to reject Brexit deal' without written Gibraltar pledge from UK
So you will concede then that the Brexit deal was negotiated by Remainers then?
Really don't get why this a revelation - from Miliband's mug to 'legitimate concerns', to Corbyn's low skilled immigrants driving down wages to McDonnell's 'there'll be riots' - ventriloquising UKIP lines, Labour helped make Brexit - also sovereignty is proxy a for immigration.
To little to late
Maybe they're considering going into coalition again.....? :(
Year 12/13 - popular vs Parliamentary sovereignty....
What I find quite extraordinary is that he didn't know that before he took the job of Brexit Secretary.
If you’re a Mathematician in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit bankroller Arron Banks, Cambridge Analytica and Steve Bannon – explosive emails reveal fresh links | openDemocracy
Rory Rory pudding &amp; Pie, kissed a girl &amp; made her cry, when the girls came out to play, let’s hope #Brexit has gone away #newsnight #Bbcpapers #Skypapers
If this fool doesn't want it then it must be bad.
The question is, is it shocking or dramatic enough? A contagion from the currency into other assets like stocks &amp; property, could trigger such a reaction. Currently, an initial rejection &amp; an approval on second vote, seems more likely than a 'no deal' #Brexit.
Campbell is a nasty little thug.
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
If they move now she’d win. The time will come when her bad agreement fails to get through Parliament. Then she will go. Presume you’ve heard of the term keep your poder dry? If you don’t it’s a damp squib when you pull the trigger
May's Brexit deal means a Corbyn government
Not before 2020/2022. At least for EU migrants.
The party I have always supported can survive without Theresa but cannot survive with her that is unless she wakes up and realises Brexit didn't win by accident the majority knew exactly what they were voting for and many Brexit supporters didn't vote but will in the next GE.
Absolutely brilliant. Theresa May as Gromit in The Wrong Trousers laying the tracks (frantically) just in time is just sublime. Oh, the irony!
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde | Opinion | The Guardian
See there is no consensus on what Brexit actually is...
Brexit is baubles.. Back the truth for the people..
2/Grounds as follows (list not exhaustive): - attempting to subvert a democratic mandate - not acting in the national interest by deliberately not putting measures in place for WTO Deal outcome - overuling CETA deal and advice of Brexit Ministers
I wrote Article 50 – and I know this government can reverse Brexit if it wants to
Helping to keep Jezza out of No.10 forevva! Diane Abbott predicts Leave would win a second Brexit referendum
If only we submitted to #Globalism and international #Socialism we could all live in harmony.
It might be stating the obvious but why dd you not fight for a "proper Brexit" when you were Brexit Secretary? Of course you might have to define proper Brexit which given the infighting of Brexiters will prove a tad difficult.
I believe Brexit is the biggest farce in modern UK history. We are not constrained by one limitless, pointless referendum. We should be allowed to vote on this terrible plan, we should be allowed to vote on the new options
Afraid this is quite realistic
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit | The Spectator
My big concern is that Labour will do anything to get into power. And to them, any Brexit outcome that gets them into power is a win. The end will justify the means.
No one has a clue about brexit.
You're not alone and I'm in the UK and we've got the Brexit shit show going down as well.
Bit late for that.
Problem is that she does not endorse our decision to leave the EU hence why she has concocted the truly awful deal that is a total betrayal of the 2016 EU Referendum result.
Seriously? Going after the Duchess for helping Grenfell survivors who happen to be Muslim? I thought better of the Telegraph. And how is it HER mosque. #racism
All Theresa May needs to do to get her Brexit deal passed is agree to have Technically Ron kept in solitary confinement in Antarctica for life
How Scotland's science minister aims to protect research from Brexit - #Science #News
The problem is the Spanish government doesnt understand who is the sovereign in a democracy because the dont know how to deal with a real democracy,...
#Brexit NOTHING LEFT TO RESPECT
There are several views on Brexit, just as there are several views on Remain. May's plan tried to satisfy everyone, but actually satisfies no one. Resurrecting the poll tax would be more popular policy than this.
If she wanted to bring people together, she’d not have ignore 75% of the population and nail herself to the full Brexit mast.
You post a lot about Brexit but nothing that i could see about Europe. Might explain why you’re so poorly informed. And ok, just to spell it out for you, it was easy enough to travel and WORK in other European countries before the EU existed in its current form.
Can only assume this shocking naivety from Lord Hain is because he has never been to Gibraltar and has no idea how patriotic Gibraltarians are to fly the British flag. Shared sovereignty will never be on any table at any time under any circumstance!
Labour’s Brexit plans are WORSE that Theresa May’s. There’s no way that the EU countries will agree to Britain leaving and having a full say. It’s so obvious that Corbyn, McDonnell and the professor of mathematics Diane Abbott wants a hard Brexit.
I wish it were genuine political persons taking the dive as we dodge the Brexit pond of poo.
Brexit poll shows voters back second referendum as Remain takes big lead over Leave
‘Damn those Europeans ‘jumping the queue’ and taking all those jobs we’d rather not do anyway’
why are you so stupid. Another deal means panic in the shops brexit idiots
EU plans to pile further pressure on May at the Brexit summit by declaring that the post-Brexit negotiations over fishing rights in UK waters would build on the current arrangements hated by the British fishing industry. via thanks
It will ultimately require electing a proper Brexit party, invoke UDI, followed by possible war with EU and bloodshed of course, and our subsequent indebtedness to the USA again, thanks to May's totally needless shitshow. But we will eventually leave. History repeats. Seemingly..
If you can`t win a debate; falls back on fearmongering &amp; smearing . Says that a "toxic debate" will ensue if Mays sell out deal is voted down, then attempts to align with almost non existent racist BNP with pseudo MI5 mind manipulation. #Newsnight
Who asked you to insult our European neighbours and friends? Who asked you to give all those working under freedom of movement rules the proverbial 2-fingers? Where is you heart? Where is your mind? Follow the money huh? Corruption: is that the Why? of your Brexit?
At least Brexit has a silver lining in Marina Hyde's columns.
How quickly JHB forgets that "Brexit means Brexit".
Fraser Nelson sees the future:- managed no deal #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave Cabinet Brexiteers have a plan for ‘no deal’ that Parliament can’t stop
#Brexit the Movie.
Glad we avoided the creation of “polarising toxic politics in this country”.
Ironic that the Sun and the Mail were most responsible for harnessing the leave vote and now only the Telegraph rabidly supports Brexit
I can't stand the vile woman but I'd rather have her than a dickensian character that The Beano forgot to draw.. aka JRM. After Brexit I hope there will be a general election and huge changes will be made on both sides .
Odd use of the future tense here.
UK poll predicts 8-point victory for Remain in second Brexit vote
The polarising toxic politics in this country, Rory me old public school trust-fund mucker, are down to lying neo-liberals who grasp for more at the expense of the poor. I'm not saying you're a dishonest and devious cunt, but I do recommend you seriously consider that possibility
Brexit has reached that point indeed. Along with the sunk costs fallacy highlighted later in the thread.
What about the Haddock living in the North Sea who didn’t vote last time? This must be due to Russian meddling with lurking submarines. We need a fish’s vote and must also include all molluscs and crustaceans of British descent living overseas. Brexit stole their future! #FBPE
All in fine. Nothing to see here. History of official Ministers of food: 1916-1921 | 1939-1958 | Sept 2018- ?? #Brexit #BrexitChaos
As someone in their mid 60s, I was depressed tonight to hear a #Newsnight contributor say we will need to spend the next 30 or 40 years bringing the nation back together, post #Brexit. What have we done?
Perhaps the minimum wage will have to be £30k\yr after a no deal brexit?
Qwhite an interesting focus on the Duchess of Sussex from the 'Telegraph' here...
Part of establishment "cross party campaign" Flogging the myth that parliament will honour Brexit vote. Media muppet a tory in disguise. Contempt for white working class. In the fight ahead he has to be considered an enemy. #BrexitBetrayalMarch
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
On big decisions, you agree a price and then get experts to double check, as best as possible, the claims made by each side. You don't sign up until all the details are sorted. Brexit is a HUGE decision. #EUref2 based on the confirmed facts is just common sense #newsnight
Telegraph scoop. Theresa May plans to convince MPs to back her Withdrawal deal with new, post-Brexit curbs on low-skilled migration - all to be announced just before the Commons vote.
I thought the pussy in the cabinet was the Brexit secretary
At least they are not selling us down the river with a faux-Brexit like May is.
Nope. It means unsafe food full of doo doo and more risk of cancer. Back us getting the truth out...
“There’s been a revolution… There are now only two firm Brexit backing national newspapers, whereas there were five about five or six weeks ago” - former editor of The Sun David Yelland tells Katie Razzall | | #newsnight
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Do you know that Parliament was persuaded to end slavery as they realised it would create new consumers? Productivity and wages matters and Brexit hits our main employment streams. This is people who live in macro economic world vs micro but the macros need the micros.
Bribery &amp; corruption - that already happened. In a criminal, illegal 'EU referendum'. Care to catch up on what's happenin' in failing state UK? Take a look at
She should do but unfortunately she won’t she should also be hung for treasonous political practices but unfortunately she won’t
Exactly. Brexit should be framed in this way more often imo.
absolutely bang on on #bbc 2 #newsnight right now! On #brexit
May considers Brexit a policy conundrum: ending free movement while minimizing economic change. But it was overwhelmingly a desire for self-government. Hence why her trade offs are hated!
And the left is making common brexit cause with the evidentky
For what it’s worth, I think their policy is to enact Brexit with the future relationship being an association agreement including Norway style membership of the SM (including FoM) plus a customs union.
Why not look the young people of this country in the eye and explain to them why they’ll loose their FOM and rights and opportunities as EU citizens because of Brexit.
Why has this been awarded now? Surely there must be some protocol around such honours. This smells of buying a vote in the BREXIT debate
'Alexa, who did it?' More on the internet of evidence. #IoT #crime #tech
The inside story of how Theresa May survived her most dangerous week yet
Kipper Williams on Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary
Didn't the Brexit White Paper in July propose a "Facilitated Customs Arrangement" that would “preserve frictionless trade for the majority of UK goods trade and reduce frictions for UK exporters and importers”.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
. I see that you have suddenly given eurosceptic Tory MP John Hayes a knighthood. Is this because he didn't sign a no confidence letter, and hasn't yet said he'll vote down the Brexit deal. It looks totally corrupt.
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
mr blobby on brexit
A don’t know tbh could be but most parody accounts are like brexit voter hate the ira and Muslims with about 12 union jacks
Like David Davis, Boris Johnson, Liam Fox, Andrea Leadsom. Stop being a victim. It’s your Brexit, own it.
Fraser Nelson sees the future:- Managed No Deal #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave Cabinet Brexiteers have a plan for ‘no deal’ that Parliament can’t stop
#UniversalCredit, like Brexit, started out as a great idea, but like Brexit, this government has made a complete mess of it
Tell Theresa #May to spend more time with Philip! #BBCSwitchOff #PeoplesVote #BrexitisFraud #WATON #StopBrexit #Remain #ABTV #FBPE #Bracknell
No-one is ignoring electoral process. We have all spent the last 2.5 years trying to deal with the result. It is clear however that the leave promises made in 2016 were lies/are undeliverable. The people of the UK must have a right to decide whether they still want #brexit.
I so hope not. Parliament has an obligation to uphold referendum result by voting deal or no deal. If they feel they haven’t had a clear mandate how to vote then a people’s vote should be based on ‘May’s deal’ or ‘no deal’. Anything else would be a betrayal.
he was advocating that scenario back in 2001, yonks before Brexit. Gibraltans dislike him intensely
French banks scale back plans for post-Brexit staff moves - Reuters
Bollocks to that, indeed. And still these bold 'Brexiteers' have not come up with *one single good reason* for pursuing Brexit! #FFS
If MPs vote against the #Brexit deal, they’re likely to be offered a second vote. If a second vote is good enough for MPs, why is it not good enough for the public? #PeoplesVote
and Brexit has proved that.
Imagine loving Bruce fucking Springsteen (so you say) and being apparently able to divorce his extremely liberal politics from his music. You probably haven't read any of his lyrics. I live here too, and the reality is that anyone who still supports Brexit is a moron. A. Moron.
Oh god if we get as many damn ads about being missold brexit as we do/did for PPI I will cry they are everywhere
Brilliant negotiating tactic! Can understand how we got the crap deal that she brought back. Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
He's stood up for his county's best interests. What did you expect? He doesn't have to support Brexit. Why should he?
Interesting that David Yelland is predicting might switch to support TM's #Brexit WA. Currently only The Sun &amp; are still supporting hard Brexit. Is that too late for TM or might it change the course of the UK leaving the EU? #Newsnight
The determination of the Labour leadership and their WhatsApparatchiks to talk down the possibility of finding a way out of Brexit and the mess it's put us in is telling. Don't give a fig for the real world, consequences, job losses, lives harmed.
Most newspapers have abandoned the average reader to support the establishment on Brexit. Circulation decline will accelerate.
Instant Karma is coming his way. It was a very underhand thing he did with the threat of terrorism. Over customs duty too.
#brexit - Just getting weird now
Hostile environment since Brexit? Hmmm. Ok. Deluded.
I say support her. Alternatively face panic buying and CAOUS come brexit day. My cousin I believe george michael would support her.....
An independent UK would be negotiating with not just the EU. No deal because the politicians in power cannot be trusted to leave! WTO rules apply apparently. It would be nice to have 1 or 2 template agreements written but no, alas, Brexit pantomime.
Yeah me neither he blocked though. But they should listen to both sides and stop being biased about brexit. Brexit a good thing we have ever had or achieved. It’s created confidence
Vipond is a seasoned social media brexit nutbag block and move on
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal #stopbrexit
Brexit UK (HBO) Last Week Tonight with John Oliver 11/18/18 via
Picking at the carcase already.
Spain was standing between Theresa May and a Brexit deal as it threatened to derail an EU summit on Sunday if it does not get new assurances on having a say in the future of Gibraltar. "Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal"
Theresa may thinks only thinks mind this Brexit deal is the best. With her record it's bound to be a disaster. #Newsnight #brexit
on describing a fundamental shift away from hard #brexit rhetoric in the UK's daily newspapers.
Ok but they dont mean shit. Use your money to help people then you may get a proper knighthood. Upgrade in your vibrations.
She a very wise lady
Calculating The #Brexit Arithmetic - NPR
I've tried to collect together all the reporting on my #CambridgeAnalytica #Trump #Brexit research and evidence submissions here: in case anyone is interested in these. Let me know if you see anything that should be there and isn't!
It's not right. And I'm surprised that people don't see it. The young will have to live with #Brexit...not the majority of those (my generation) demanding that eu ref result be "honoured". Don't they have any concern for those who'll actually be around mid-to late century?
Tories are to blame for Brexit mess, AS is a small minority of Tories against Brexit, even K Clarke now voting in favour of Maybot's deal. 2 Lib Dems are supporting Maybot's deal too.
. suggests that a #PeoplesVote followed by a Remain victory would be wrong and divisive, neatly ignoring the fact that if he thinks #StopBrexit would win then Brexit is not the will of the people. Let's check with a #FinalSay
Shameful attack on the working class, migration work permits should be issued based on a sectors needs. Such a policy will cripple the food processing and agriculture industries in the U.K. and push production abroad.
The state of politics in the UK is already down the pan. We desperately need some adult politicians. Statesmen. Someone to bring the country back on track Brexit is a diversion, an excuse to kick the tin down the road, let someone else deal with it. Grow up. Own it. Be honest.
Bungle for Brexit! He could have a little chew on that draft agreement #bungle #Brexit #draftagreement
Can't see your problem nigel,he gets my vote unlike you who walked away from brexit.
So Mrs May's latest threat is Vote for my shabby deal or I will scorch the earth beneath the House of Commons This is not merely throwing the Prime Ministerial dummy out the pram, it is recklessly playing with fire in a way which risks irreparably damaging our country's future
Just watched #Newsnight explain in great detail how the public are manipulated by who owns the newspapers. But hey... the will of the people and all that. #Brexit
"Labour abstained from the vote, but backbenchers John Mann and Dennis Skinner went through the voting lobbies with the Tories." Nothing new there
Brilliant summary
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
EA on : UK's #Brexit Showdown, UAE's Life Sentence on UK Academic ( w ) … #MatthewHedges
About bloody time. Hope the rest of his team get the same.
Well, imagine that.
He secured #Brexit he knows what he’s doing and he knows UKIP better than anyone else. #UKIP listen!
She confirmed that Brexit of some sort will happen, not matter what the repercussions, when she said: “from my point of view, personally, there is no question of ‘no Brexit’ because the government needs to deliver on what people voted on in the referendum in 2016.”
Yet again has a #Brexit discussion without anyone mentioning the future of the #UK as an independent nation, if we stay in the #EU. There is no limit to political union, right up to the surrender of our UN security Council seat and the codes for our nuclear weapons.
Proper Brexit, don’t make me laugh, Brexit nothing more than a scam
Bloody awful - I voted for Brexit so we could stop this ...really hope it will and the Irish can’t find a loop hole..
Former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab says Theresa May’s deal is worse than staying in the EU
Well, reckon I’ve just witnessed, give or take the odd mention, a Brexit-free #skypapers tonight. Excellent discussion as per - thanks again all!
- "was dealt a fresh blow ahead of the summit when Dominic Raab [lately] Brexit secretary ... said the proposed exit deal was worse than remaining in the EU." Of course, is CORRECT. Leave and Remainers ALIKE are in ACCORD here©
Put this together with Raab saying it would be better to stay in the EU than exit on May's terms ... the wind is shifting.
#standup4brexit So, the other half are happy to give control to Brussels?
So horrifically disingenuous. We can already control immigration and we won’t spend a penny more on the NHS because of Brexit. Makes me want to cry.
Spain &amp; Gibraltar: a perfect example of how Brexit makes the UK lose its grip, &amp; thereby betray our own: Gibraltarians are fiercely loyal to the UK &amp; Brexit is prising them away.
Dorothy for PM now!
Here Are All The Tory MPs Who Have Indicated So Far That They Won’t Vote For Theresa May’s Brexit Deal
Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit - The Guardian via thanks
I was there. I meet him just about every day. We disagree about politics but we like each other, and each other’s dogs. We’ve dis ussed brexit often and agreed to differ. Now let me count the number of you that are worried about one person changing his opinion
All these hard lads, couldn't even get their ideas past the weakest PM in years, let alone stick it to the man in the EU.
How the Church lost its flock over Brexit - UnHerd via thanks
29/03/2019 a bank holiday on WTO Brexit
The determination of the Labour leadership and their WhatsApparatchiks to talk down the possibility of finding a way out of Brexit and the mess it's put us in is telling. Don't give a fig for the real world consequences, job losses, lives harmed. Just want chaos and their way.
On the simple matter of protecting workers rights, position on #brexit is reprehensible and defence of it a sad betrayal of long-held principles. At least the Tories are behaving to type. Labour's abandonment of working people is grotesque
Brexiters may not like Theresa May's deal; but it's hard to see how their alternative could work via - Why &amp; #ERG make more likely.
Imagine voting for brexit (which the Tories wanted them to do), then voting for this cretin (which the Tories wanted them to do) and still be sold out by a London Tory government.
the rest have worked out who will really get the blame when the shit hits the fan. Unlike many MPs.
The latest The Mitzunobu Mio Daily! Thanks to #brexit #diabetes
You voted to work harder, now get the f**k on with it , and get your bloody kids up and at em too! You need to be 43% more productive just to stand still so come on!! #Brexit #Newsnight
I can’t believe it’s come to this. This divorce is worse than Brexit. It’s affecting the quality of potato wedges
Don't conflate the war with Brexit. Brexit was a lie, like the war was a lie.
As a country, we are absolutely effing ourselves over and something has to give real soon.
Good grief former editor of on #Newsnight saying the papers led #Brexit and are responsible for the #Leave vote. They really think #Leave voters have no cerebral function of their own. #BBC presenter was lapping it up of course #Elites #Woeful
R E E E E E E E E E E J E C T
The latest South Florida Real Estate! #brexit #oil
So, here's the bad news: Hillary Clinton is right. The developed world cannot continue to take in an ocean of immigrants without changing the fabric of its society. Europe in particular has ancient, noble history &amp; traditions which it rightfully feels are at risk.
Theresa May, advertising her shirty Brexit deal on my fb timeline. How bloody dare she!! #peoplesvote
EU citizens are having residency applications turned down already, others are leaving because of a hostile environment since Brexit vote - gen yourself up.
Little Owen claiming he is not a spokesperson for Labour! ‘I was TRYING to explain!' Owen Jones SNAPS at 'confused' Kay Burley during Brexit debate
The UK needs to recognise that the complexity and rules surrounding Brexit of any flavour were far more complicated than it had understood (or MPs lied to the voters) and to rescind Article 50 - Cancel Brexit - Now is not the time.. We are out of time for negotiating with EU.
It would be very difficult, Mr Stewart, for anything or anyone to create a more "polarising toxic politics in this country" than the Conservative govt has done in the past 3 years. A #PeoplesVote is the last bastion of justice for a country failed by its politicians. #Newsnight
Didn't see it but labour and conservative are pro brexit and brewer is pro brexit so I see 3 to one
Are you kidding me - this is a blatant attempt to push through May’s brexit. Corruption of Parliament.
Lynn, a priest, is the only Brexit voting deal-supporting voice on the #newsnight panel. Lynn. This deal ONLY fulfills the anti-immigrant vote - that is not Jesus.
It's pretty much the worst outcome of this bad Brexit, for many of us. And hasn't reported on this ONCE in 2.5 years, as far as I know. Robbed of our rights, our citizenship worthless. #brexitstupid
I like Nigel don't get me wrong, i fear he is being distracted by this. It is causing a rift, best stick to fighting for Brexit do not get sucked into this, there are enough divisions going on right now.
Shocking- how is that standing up for Brexit- are u angling for a knighthood too?
Excuse my cynicism but this outrage is right out of the Brexiteer playbook, as a way of navigating the disastrous and obvious consequences of Brexit. We saw it with your pinned tweet On the Border and now this. Wasn't this another obvious consequence of ending Free Movement?
It's called a stitch up! Imo the deal is deliberately bad for those who want Brexit; a deal as close to remain as possible with a view to a second vote to keep us in.
PM faces parliamentary 'war of attrition' to deliver Brexit
If Spain Veto'd Brexit, does that mean they'd be holding Britain in the EU against its will?
Totally agree. Leave voters are sick of being ridiculed and patronised by the establishment.
“no deal = UK without rules to govern trade in radioactive materials, internat electricity markets, financial-contract clearing, aviation, medicines regulation, immig control..What some Brexiteers describe as ‘clean break’ wd in fact be horrifically messy”
Candid admission by former Sun editor on Newsnight - Brexit would never have happened without the cheerleading of the Brexit press - which has now largely abandoned the project.
Well your currency has devalued by 13% already. And that's only before brexit really starts.
More evidence of the rise of "Don't Know" in the race for best PM, even among Labour voters. "Don't Know" neck &amp; neck with Corbyn for PM. And Tories to form government are 6 points ahead.
May is - quite wrongly - convinced that Brexit is about immigration. It exposes her as a technocrat and an intrinsic Remainer.
She really doesn't get it does she? Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote via
“These findings pose an enigma: Why do adult humans commit an error contrary to the normative cost-benefit rules of choice, whereas children and phylogenetically humble organisms do not? “ #Brexit
How Will Brexit Affect US Stock Market
Just wondering how Brexit is going to help Clive?
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Fortune tellers come in all shapes and forms - politicians tend to 'hedge' their bets..! Bookies know the form - ask them..!
Comprehensive Post-Brexit Deal Drafted By Britain And EU
A row between Spain and the U.K. over the British enclave of #Gibraltar threatened to overshadow an EU summit aimed at endorsing Theresa May's #Brexit deal via
Yeah we need brexit and we should make it a Banks holiday
Many people will be adversely affected by Brexit, some seriously, but our freedom is at stake here, make no mistake about this. Brexit has unexpectedly cost me a great deal already but I truly have no regrets, we are all in this together.
The World owes Donald Trump &amp; Brexit for the right to say NO To Soros Migrant Invasion &amp; U.N. telling the world how to spend your taxpayer money.
That minister should be named &amp; shamdd...
To the leavers I see questioning whether #Brexit would affect the NHS, just consider the excuses and cover that this lot would have to
Hurdles Remain Ahead of Summit on Brexit Deal
Is this a metaphor for Brexit?
“Pigs might fly. And so Brexit might happen” PASSPORT TO PIMLICO is the perfect allegory of Brexit!
So by saying "Brexit was unachievable" you are putting forward a well thought out argument? I could have sworn you were just repeating a cliched and overused meaningless soundbite that in fact means absolutely fuck all.
She clearly thinks this is a country of thick xenophobes – willing to give away their sovereignty, dignity and economic prosperity to stop a few foreigners coming in – and she’s probably right.
Got home and my moms on the edge of her seat watching I’m a celebrity jungle. Imagine if she understood the Brexit negotiations.
Theresa May should've waited until #BlackFriday before presenting her #Brexit draft to the #EU She would've gotten a much better deal
Newsnight,David Yellen ( former editor of the Sun “newspaper “ say Rupert Murdoch ran his newspapers.Anti Brexit campaign. Surprise.?
Yea let’s jus stay because it’s getting messy &amp; your all lazy ..Blame the messenger &amp; no one else lol ... using any excuse to fling in the Indy 2 on the sly but she’s another deluded one ..Yea who’s got the balls to make Brexit smother when ya all wanted it ? Sheep
If they wanted Brexit enough they would have worked harder.
Why am I beginning to think that low intelligence is a requirement to be an MP? It's a worrying trend. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Nessun'altra concessione I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: #Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected -
After Brexit that will change though. Only the wealthy people who meet the Visa requirements will be able to afford to move and live abroad leaving the poor stranded and lacking in opportunity.
Why can’t 48 of those do the decent thing and do the vote of no confidence and get the old bag out of no 10
It must be a luxury to have time and the ability to focus on trying to overturn Brexit when your fellow citizens need you, they need you to look at the fear of poverty the suffering of poverty and say we will not stand for this and fight for all our people, why can’t you do that?
&amp; do you know what. *He’s alright*(laughing actually-‘wasn’t me guv’),despite his finger prints all over the campaign to poison democracy,he’ll be *unscathed* by the enveloping austerity Brexit will bring ordinary,unconnected,non media savvy,IT types -people like you &amp; I. Cunt.
. PILLOCK .
FYI There is an explicit review clause built in to the agreement, enabling the backstop to be terminated where it is not necessary to meet its objectives. If the EU does not engage in that review in good faith, that too can be arbitrated.
I think what sums up this entire clip - and the ridiculous concept of 'lexit' - for me is the way she pretends to sip beer to show her solidarity with the working classes. (Her accent rather strongly suggests she's never met an actual real working-class person in her life.)
If Brexit was always going to be hard, I guess Theresa May is now truly between a Rock and a hard place.
It’s always someone else’s fault with you Brexiters. Brexit is a British project. The success or failure lies in Britain alone.
As I've said before I think separation is an illusion and consistent with that belief I'd rather be united in Europe than with England if that means an independent Scotland I'd rather meet the cost of that than the cost of Brexit.
Lion King, #LesDennis and Brexit: Sky News Quiz of the Week #SKYNEWS
Brexit deal: Chancellor Philip Hammond to visit NI - BBC News via thanks
Such an odious gay indian!
Hardly gloating you've not produced one single unicorn, you bluster and parade no credible facts, you know any brexit is going harm the poorest whilst not affected you for your group, you've been rumbled get over it
The last thing we need. Deliver Brexit first. Neither do we need another referendum. We need a Parliament who can deliver on referendum result.
May’s defeated the Brexiteers the only question now is do they swing in behind her or admit defeat and push for remain.
This pathetically short programme makes it clear that May's Brexit deal is dead in the water, just like she is. When will this deluded woman realise that it's time to go. #nomorelies
BBCNewsnight: “There’s been a revolution… There are now only two firm Brexit backing national newspapers, whereas there were five about five or six weeks ago” - former editor of The Sun David Yelland tells Katie Razzall katierazz | davidyelland | #n…
Pack of lies
No. Leave is a broken political idea. Leadership is crushed &amp; though never was an intellectual underpinning to Brexit it is now patently clear to all viz May consistently refusing to say Brexit will make the UK better off that there is no gain to it. Brexit is a pyrhhic victory.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde - The Guardian via
Right. How come nobody has done the story about how Brexit will threaten the wretched Frankfurt Market in Brum so we need a People’s Vote to save it?
Lord Tebbit: 'We seem to be thinking of nothing but the rights of foreigners'
It turns out Mr Blobby is the only person talking any sense about Brexit
Me too. Then you have version of Brexit. .......
I’m sick of sociopaths like you manufacturing a political vacuuum in order to hijack society. Nobody voted for ‘govexit’ so fall in line with soft brexit which is what your constituents want in light of this crappy deal you’ve all ‘achieved’
Too little, too late. She is repeating Cameron's error. It won't wash. Brexit was more about sovereignty. Besides, she's been lying so long that she is no longer believed (if she ever was).
Debunked: 40 Reasons to Back the Brexit Deal - #StandUp4Brexit via thanks
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype | John Lichfield
Is there any chance that Theresa May, whilst dismissing a second referendum now (to placate her Brexit colleagues) would actually like to be pushed to a situation where she could say ‘this is not my preference, but it’s the only option now’?
"She will decide" i.e. #TheresaMay staying a PM, said #DavidLidington in interview 29 Sept 2018 #Brexit #WithdrawlAgreement
If we walk away from the EU and keep our fishing g... #ITV #BBCNews #NigelFarage #Brexit #PeoplesVote #LeavemeansLeave #Brexit meansBrexit #LabourParty #Liberals #Conservative #UK #PeoplesVote #FBPE
52% : 48% is NOT a majority! #brexit #remain #proEU #PeoplesVote
nope. It means that Britain will leave the EU without a deal. No deal Brexit. Basic shitstorm for Irish economy and 30 years of stagnation for the UK.
Sadly #UKIP was seriously damaged as an electoral force after you bailed out after #Brexit. You let down a lot of people, you should have stayed as leader and organised massive demos at the first sign that #TheresaMay was stalling over invoking article 50. #Gogglebox #MelanieShaw
Indeed, it's a gigantic swindle. This right-wing coup must not be allowed to happen. Stop Brexit now. Enough is enough
Oh another one so worried that they send a cute picture. It happened. Get over it. That’s more than sixty by my rough count. I’ll check in the morning. Goodnight. Sleep well. Don’t worry, brexit means brexit
Is it not the case that if parliament passes it, it becomes law, whoever introduces it? In reality, I could see the key Q being, does May prefer no deal or risk of no brexit?
Brexit is a complete, populist, con.
Dictators at their madness again undemocratic unelected madness
Not as much as you've done to damage Britain.
The latest The Chris Sterry Daily! Thanks to #imaceleb #brexit
No expert but none of the politicians can be trusted to “fix” this. Labs are playing games, Cons have lost it &amp; the Libs are invisible. Remain, Hard Brexit, The Deal or Extend A50 are the options &amp; the public must push for a vote. Country over Party.
29 million who did not vote to Leave, know that.
Or did the people who led the leave campaign do so on a plethora of lies , false promises , undeliverable fantasies ? . They set you up for a fall from the off .
Cobblers..!
4/ - using press &amp; media to manipulate electorate with Project Fear - bullying and making threats (e.g. No Brexit, springing Chequers Deal on cabinet or proposing a walk home) Bribery, vested interests (BAE, Martin Lockhead, Saudi Arabia), blackmail...
RT RT RT FOLLOWERS OF TRUTH AGAINST PERSICUTION. .. #ezekiel2517 TRUMP AFTER BREXIT SAID TAT WE TOOK OUR COUNTRY BACK..NOW HE SAYS EU WILL COME B4 UK BCOZ OF BREXIT..FORGOTTEN
Majestic to stockpile 'Olympic swimming pool' of wine amid Brexit fears
Excellent. Keep it up Fraser
Ironic. We're going to leave. And at least in my husband's case - highly skilled, white, British born, the kind Tory/Ukip racists want - it'll be a proper brain drain. Your Brexit legacy,
No deal is better than Mays Brexit deal. I voted LEAVE in a Democratic vote. Make it happen
Don't take my word for it, go read it yourself: With that, sweet dreams, as May is about to please the Good Friday Agreement, and keep UK tied to the EU for a considerable time. That is a fact, and none of the main Brexit promoters are happy about it...
Gibraltar a new Brexit wild card via
Nigel left UKIP to fail and supported 3 failed leaders. It almost ceased as a result. The new leadership is addressing the real issues of today against the forces of hell. All while Nigel plays at being a celebrity.
Many now see another two years of Brexit wrangling ahead. A new Tory leader will not be able to carry the country. Remainers are around 16million and Brexiteers are totally split on everything. Most know that labour has no answer and backs immigration. Game over. But we'll see.
PM faces parliamentary 'war of attrition' to deliver Brexit
Suffolk poised to lose one of its biggest employers if Brexit goes through. We have to fight this tooth and nail. Anyone in Suffolk should consider joining for when we begin the People's Vote campaign.
Spain Bars May's Way to Brussels Brexit Deal by REUTERS
An outright idiot and a confirmed liar -------
#DUP accuses of playing a racist card to defend her #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement.
Nailed it.
christ. to think this was over two years ago and - oh wait, no, it's not any better. WELL. #brexit
Finally, is admitting that the #Backstop prevents most #FreeTradeAgreements. Sure, we can agree an FTA on procurement, but if that procurement is about goods, then it's excluded! #NoDealIsBetter
The irony is that British politics since the #Brexit vote has been more about the relationship with the made trade zone and political institutions than throughout time the UK was applying to join &amp; then in EEC &amp; in EU up to 2016. It's a feature of political paralysis in UK.
And the best chance Labour have of getting into power is if Brexit is a disaster and lots of people lose their jobs. If Theresa May does a good job and no-one suffers, it lessens Labour's chance of getting into power.
A very apposite comment. These people must think we're all dumb, as dumb as Far-rage's hero, the pea-brained White House Chump.
Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit...
And again 3 months later after leave wins again? Dont forget the 17 year old are becoming 18 everyday, votes to infinity....Jay..you.. FOOL...#outmeansOUT #NODEALS
Is Brexit the reason why you have changed your mind? If so, does it not concern you that Brussels is trying to force further austerity on Italy? Italian govt debt yields are rising significantly due to this so seriously troubling for them. If Brexit is a disaster than Indy worse
"#Brexit is a simple game, 64 million Britons run after a stupid idea and in the end, England will lose."
nailed it in one
If brexit is betrayed,you will see how relevant UKIP will be. Everyone will vote UKIP.
like we dont have extreme toxic polarisation doused with xenophobia right now
But will this bring the Common Travel Area into play and push Northern Ireland back up the agenda again?
confirmed she has lost the plot. Time to #DissolveTheUnion BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Nope, her mistake is underestimating what will happen if Brexit is not delivered.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde &lt; wonderful!
YEAH they need to listen to other sides ifb debates don’t see why everyone’s thinks brexit bad for
"NO DEAL" is a term created by the Remain camp. WTO DEAL is how Brexit voters see no agreement with the exit contract to the EU. Most of the world trades on WTO rules so where is the "no deal" for the other 180 or so countries? No to Project Fear!
FFS WAKE UP BRITAIN I'm really beginning to see the Westminster elite for what they are, # BREXIT for me is the last straw! #PeoplesVote
Read the thread to get gunned up on reality.
: of all who ventilate - and many shout - their opinions about Brexit, Rory Stewart is *by far* the most sensible, thoughtful, and intelligent voice. I hope people listen to him. And could we please have him as next PM. #Brexit
She was forced to invoke A50 by the cretins who now attempt to use her as a scapegoat, to justify a no-deal, hard Brexit, without adequate preparation and contingency planning. How Raab, is getting away with this is beyond me, he's a back-stabbing, one-eyed, traitor as is BoJo.
He’s right, but is he brace enough to support remain?
I'm getting really bored now - what the hell has Putin got to do with #Brexit - or Trump, for that matter. Absolutely fuck all. Go away now, troll
Brilliant
Edinburgh Council is now supporting the #peoplesvote campaign -we think Glasgow should too
‘The public cannot easily see what they have lost as a result of Britain’s slip from being the fastest-growing member of the G7 to one of the slowest. A no-deal Brexit, by contrast, could have highly visible effects’
The government deal isn't BrExit.
So one of the Leave campaigns broke the law, they all lied, all the predictions say that Brexit will damage the country, and all the polls say a majority now favour Remain. But you carry on Theresa, everything will be fine...
Most American don't know, Brexit was a anti East-Euro &amp; Polish movement &amp; it's reflected in rest of EU. Growing up Our cleaning lady &amp; nanny back home in Sweden were undocumented East Europeans. I remember joining a march, advocating amnesty 4 undoc east europeans.
This is completely bonkers. They didn't put that on the side of a bus : leave EU let's have Martial Law &amp; freedom.
or Remainer and #TraitorMay paying of Brexit favouring MP's?....
IS DELUSIONAL! #NoDeal #BrexitBetrayal #NoConfidence
May the appeaser and traitor!
I told you so - you managed to squeeze in a bit of Brexit. Good for you, and on the moped issue. Net migration - absolutely. Why would we want economic migrants at the cost of professionals that we need? The Tebbit/protester &amp; carnivorous cats exchange were funny.
What do you even mean by that? Don't start by typing 17.4 as I'm one of them and Brexit is EEA EFTA in my book.
What a pathetic person she is
It seems like most people feel like they have lost since almost nobody is happy with the Brexit deal on offer.
The New Yorker comment, More or Less ( Stats) and, as you say Irish news coverage is good. Something positive out of Brexit!
Wait till Argentina gets started at the WTO! #May you’ve taken a wrecking ball to all I hold dear! #BBCSwitchOff #PeoplesVote #BrexitisFraud #WATON #StopBrexit #Remain #ABTV #FBPE #Bracknell
“Fishing, which represents 0.05% of the economy, is the only UK industry to merit its own sections in the Brexit agreements“ About to be 0.01% if we crash out The absurdity of the country voting to leave because of fondness to a bygone era is astounding
The lack of transparency about MEP activities was clear; members shouldn't be expected to contact directly for info. Offering unpaid internships: no. Lambasting young members for not responding quick enough to a question: no. Still a great debate, thank you
No he’s lied
Brexit hasn't been negotiated. Remain posing as Brexit has. No deal, WTO, is now almost inevitable. PM should have moved to a Canada+ type deal months ago. Pursuing this abortion has wasted months of negotiating time.
The establishment have successfully added to their portfolio of europhile sicophants with Paul Dacres` retirement from , the paper has become just another establishment lackey. #Newsnight
Basically, we're fucked. And now to fuck you.
"#Brexit is a simple game, 65 million Britons run after a stupid idea and in the end, England will lose."
Farage is using Tommy as a scapegoat to cover his ludicrous brexit idea. #brexitcon
What the hell is Corbyns Brexit. He hasn’t even read the proposal!! Who the hell thinks he could run anything? Apart from running up dept. Idiots
Nick are u frightened of the truth trouble with left wing media like sky news BBC channel 4 news and of course LBC if we don't sort our country out khan is going to turn Britain into a Islamic crap hole is that what u want also brexit was about immigration
That’s just a load of tosh, non of it fact. It’s pretty much universally accepted that the EU isn’t democratic. It’s a matter of record how they have treated us. Forget Brexit, the EU is doomed anyway. The peole of eurooebare starting to wise up. Shame your to blinkered to see it
Brexit means Brexit only became clear 1 week ago, nothing to criticise if you don't know what it is, that would have been a silly approach.
The ussr was not a democracy because the government was not accountable to the people. The people are against your idea of Brexit in name, . Are you accountable or not?
We should show our feelings on this by not buying goods from Irish Republic.
And a lot of those Brexit supporting papers did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to report the True facts about the results of Brexit but backed and spouted the lies of the far right extreme Brexiters they have a lot to answer for, for splitting the U.K. and this mess.
I've got to post this as a change of opinion with someone I debated with back in 2013..
not sure he knows what "eea" based brexit is, ask his wife (who is ok i think) stephan drop it please what the fuck is norwayplus, sir, you after that election interview are burned it might be peoplesvote you're looking for
Truth hurts boyo
Hmmmm! Wonder who kicked this one off them?
I'm not sure you've got Brexit. Friend of ?
Exactly right. They have hijacked the language. Brexit is now "no deal" and politicians of all stripes have told us plebs they will NOT tolerate that. Instead, we have a version of Remain.
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
semi related tweet
We're about to jump off a cliff but, hey, why not celebrate by cutting our legs off first?
I think I’m probably ‘your’ generation Bonnie, and I hate Brexit with a passion I didn’t know I had in me. What it threatens to do to the prospects for my children and grandchildren fills me with horror! #StopBrexit #PeoolesVote
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists | World news | The Guardian
You've adopted a very arrogant tone here and I recall your approach to left-wing arguments about Brexit also degenerated into being all about your personal battles. If you want to continue to discuss things with me, fine, but you'll need to change your way of expressing yourself.
Jacob Rees Mogg make Mycroft Holmes looks like Del Boy. #brexit
After Brexit the EU will have to actually BUY OUR Fish caught by OUR fishing fleets instead of as they do now simply come into our waters and take them. This will bring a much needed boost to fishing communities around the UK.
please keep reporting these stories. The cost of Brexit is enormous. If people want to leave they should know the facts
Bit late. They could start by explaining that an end to #FreedomofMovement means end to UK citizens’ #FoM in 27 other EU countries. Not something to be celebrated. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
is on exactly the right course though it needs to re-brand post BREXIT. Suggest NEW DAWN Most UKIP members are covertly fascist (not used as a derogatory term) Britain needs an openly fascist party. THE FUTURE IS FASCIST: HAIL BRITANNIA!
‘It is hard to imagine any government surviving the chaos of a no-deal Brexit, let alone one as weak as Mrs May’s. So far the decision to quit the EU has slowed Britain down, rather than derailing it. Leaving with no deal, however, could result in a wreck’
And maybe he’s right that the dire warnings about a No Deal Brexit are being overegged. But it’s easy to breezily dismiss the consequences as just “some queues at Dover and a temporary blip in our GDP” when you’re a tenured Cambridge don...
I'll tell them. That's a silly argument. #Brexit itself has been anti democratic and unpatriotic. Why should we destroy our country because these people can't handle the truth? The truth is the majority is not big enough to absorb the doubts in such a corrupted idea.
Most poor people I know that voted leave are not consumed by brexit. They are more worried about there next meal. Why do you think the EU is a workers and poor folks paradise ?
Well we can’t - justify it to our children. And a lot of them know that At relatively young ages. We are inflicting stress and fear upon a whole generation via Brexit. I don’t mean the 16 year olds. I mean the 12 - 16 year olds who read the same news As we do.
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
Ask anyone what symbolises the dish of Britain and it will more often than not be the classic Fish and Chips served with mushy peas and plenty of salt and...
Yeah, imagine if we had a polarising toxic politics in this country. What would that be like, eh?
"Proper brexit is just over the next hill"
The usual Brexit suspects: Rees-Mogg, Cash, Baker force Sajid Javid to abandon plans to ban .50-calibre military-grade guns. These people a toxic.
I do believe strongly cameron is the chief architect of the whole Brexit disaster, she is responsible for the implementation. It makes the complaints about Iraq seem petty. But right now we need to stop Brexit let’s deal with blame later on.
Ending freedom of movement means ending the xenophobic, discriminatory open-borders policy imposed on us by the unelected EU. Post-Brexit, we can implement a fair, mutually beneficial immigration system.
This is very sad. I don't blame them for leaving. I don't believe Brexit will happen. I will carry on fighting. But I've nowhere else to go.
and what is more laughable is he, along with so many others that didn't bother voting thought the vote would be remain.Brexit shows that people need to get off their arses and get down to the polling station!
"Spain Bars May's Way to Brussels Brexit Deal" by REUTERS via NYT
At the end of the day, he will do more damage to his country and people.
You said no deal was better BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
That would be for the good of the country to abandon Brexit
We need to find a pro-Brexit vehicle, be it UKIP or whatever, and make it about Brexit. Only leave PROVEN Brexiteer MPs unchallenged. Judge all MPs on their actions not their witterings.
Have you reported Brexit Defender? You can, by selecting the 'It's suspicious or spam' box, then 'It's a fake account'. Don't RT the tweet as it gives traffic to it. Rather, screenshot the tweet. Block it.
if like him to commit to a soft brexit .. but his hang up.on state aid is s problem
great Newsnight and fascinating insights from Yelland at the end. #Brexit
You do know we fought those fuckers twice right?!? #May #brexit and now they’re indirectly acquiring and developing a nuclear equipped military force to rival the Russians?!? You must have straight up lost your mind! This withdrawal doc is a bloody outrage #EUArmy
Is Leo Varadkar as thick a Paddy as he looks? #Brexit Does he forget UK had to bail out his failed Banana Republic?
The Tories have had it if it passes and had it if it doesn't. #GeneralElectionNow
Imagine going into #Brexit and essentially begging the EU to give us a good deal. We're leaving s voluntary organisation established by the usa. We shouldn't be begging. We should just say "We're leaving. Give us a good deal or we will leave you on your own"
Please do... whatever it takes to stop #MayMustGoNow BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
I envision my flat sale falling through again even though we've compromised to the point of losing 40K each (*each*), so forgive me for being peeved at Brexit... We're not even the one's that are going to be hardest hit. Short term slap for douches like me...
May, I suspect, interprets Brexit largely through immigration. This might explain why she put her red lines where she did and why there is compromise on the things that motivate other Brexiteers (trade, courts etc). Again, the consequence of a Remainer implementing Leave.
only two UK papers now in favour of Brexit,a few weeks ago there were five,just look at the Mail,gullible people are taken in by media who have principles or consistency,sad that UK in in such a mess
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out via
Well you really CAN buy your friends can’t you. A great lesson to teach my children, thanks so much for being so inspirational to myself and the future generations #oppositeday
Back the brexit bauble campaign and let's try to stop #MPsFailingThePeople
The corruption in the Tory Party runs deep
Hopefully.
After a hectic week of Brexit I'm having the weekend off. I'll leave you with the picture of the week that probably gives #PeoplesVote the biggest boost so far . Have a good weekend #StopBrexit
A true Brexit? I thought I remembered you guys promising "the exact same benefits..." If you can do that, you can have it without ratification coz we'd all be for it &amp; you'd have parliament on side.
But overturning Brexit is the most effective thing anyone can do to help keep people out of poverty!!
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote, in an example of the rotten canker at the core of the British state.
Haven’t heard them mention Brexit yet...
Reuters: Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
i think i got this brexit thing sorted. let’s have a referendum to see if should we have a people’s vote #brexit #peoplesvote
Buying off a brexiteer with a ‘Sir’ title. Someone sold their soul for a vote and for not writing his letter of no confidence .
Hmm ... I dunno about that, but I certainly think people feel like Tories are complete liars. People are scared May lies all the time &amp; she's going to tie us into a never ending EU legally binding trap.
She can't say what the post BrExit migration system will be. We wanted it to be the same system as non-EU migrants, but clearly "curbs" means it's going to be a deal for extra migration on top and that's been agreed with the EU as a condition of getting Single Market access.
Please vote out Theresa May and Brexit with no deal. Save your country
Conspiracy theory... maybe not If she cannot get the deal maybe a swift GE with her Deal or No Deal as options? what position would/could Labour take? Stay in the EU? Their chance of negotiating a new deal ( meeting six tests)They have been asking for a GE, god help us #brexit
Key positions count for little when they were being marginalised. The Brexit negotiations were being run by May under the cabinet office. Hence the secret Chequers plan that Ministers didn’t know about. Hence the secret sections to the deal which were kept away from Raab.
Bring them in from non-EU countries. Easy. #Brexit
It's almost like our relationship with the EU was great and beneficial for us and them and leaving was the result of a self interested pig fucker.
Brexit
How does it feel behaving like a totalitarian twat and going against the will of the people and Democracy #Brexit
Theresa May.. The politician Universal. my brexit hallelujah. #satire #universalcredit #dwp #esa #pips #disabilityhatecrime #toriesout #brexit 431
Love too work for a company made our entire scheduling team redundant as of ten days from now today and out-sourced it to Europe because of course Brexit isn't a thing and fuck my company
My local MP isn’t interested in how Brexit reduces opportunities for his constituents. But he should read this report #peoplesvote
Brexiteer’s Stern message for MPs who failed to oust #TheresaMay before #Brexit deal agreed
If we walk away from the EU and keep our fishing g... #LeavemeansLeave #Brexit meansBrexit #LML #ChuckChequers #BBCNews #BintheBackstop #UK #EU #Telegraph #DailyMail #Guardian
Looks like a great event, sorry to have missed this. events on Europe have in the past made Brexit intelligible &amp; engaging, &amp; have always prioritised international solidarity, whatever the UK's future relationship with the EU.
Most people do. He's not a genius. Both sides of the Brexit debate are against May's proposal. The only ones onside so far are the Cabinet and a smattering of Tory MPs. It should be offered to the people alongside a Remain option.
She just doesn't understand this sovereignty business.
Lies.
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out via
So it concerns me when Labour make half hearted objections to Brexit without presenting detailed alternatives. It feels like they are just watching and waiting for it all to go wrong so they can sweep in and take power. But in doing that, lots of the people will suffer.
Have you done "World's Worst Brexit" on the podcast yet, because I've got a strong contender in mind...
It's a remain Brexit deal designed by remainers for remainers ...... unfortunately !!
Saturday’s Newspaper headlines: Moped gangs 'knockout blow' and EU summit #SaturdayMorning #brexit #brexitchaos #brexitcrisis #eusummit #PeoplesVoteNow
‘Time Wasting’ ... she heads a party full of the biggest ‘waster’ #clueless #voteforpeoplesforum
Going out buying on #BlackFriday makes out as much sense as #Brexit When demand goes up, so does the price. #mugs
Where are the nasty comments? Boris Johnson "we've had uninterrupted sovereignty for 1000 years. May's #brexit deal changes that." I am an informed #Remain voter. You can't live, trade, employ or be employed by sovereignty, which we have never lost! Where's the upside to #Brexit
Erm all those muslims from France, Germany and Scandinavia will be gutted about not being able to move to the UK post #Brexit
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Brexit deal summary: What is the current Brexit deal?
How's that #PeoplesVote going People #Brexit
Just as well you said “seeming to be” from a libel pov. That’s essentially alledgedly.
As almost as if politics is corrupt
Theresa May can say every moment until it is rejected that hers is a good deal but her Brexit ministers and I think most of the 17.4M do not is our decision not her idea of leaving as she is a remainer.
CHECK OUT MY CLASSIC BANGERS! GREAT FOR BEING IN THE CAR WITH THE LADS HEADING TO THE PARK. #sesh #brexit #loveisland
Spain PM says Brexit summit likely off if no Gibraltar deal via
Cynical - treat us like fools - Theresa Treason
The immediate upshot is that “global Britain” is now the basket case of the world.
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Several people I've bumped into locally today saying how much they love this book, and the photos. A great Christmas present if you need your mind taking off Brexit . And it is beautiful.
May is a liar and a fraud. Brexit means Brexit What a load of sh1t
Is this #journalism or #storytelling? An entertaining article, but lacks substance: doesn't help us understand Brexit or how to achieve a better Brexit Deal. I see writing skills,but an absence of political skills: Good on Fiction,weak on Fact/Analysis.
An former criminal giving expert advice? What's wrong with that? It goes on in Westminster every day of the week. Tony Blair war criminal advising on Brexit and nothings said!!! Double bloody standards.
#standup4brexit Why is the CBI stating this behind closed doors. Is it a British trait that the truth comes out this way?
Can't do you're job because you're too incompetent? Pay a billion pounds to have strangers prop you up! Someone threatening to vote you down? Give them a knighthood! These Life Hacks were brought to you by #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal
"NO DEAL" is a term created by the Remain camp. WTO DEAL is how Brexit voters see no agreement with the exit contract to the EU. Most of the world trades on WTO rules so where is the "no deal" for the other 180 or so countries? No to Project Fear!
Brilliant thread.
in an ideal world where the federalist dream of Europe dies, my fingers crossed, in which the full Remain option fades what option would you choose from the following 18:
Corruption at its worst!
Seriously. What do you think the chances are of this Parl just vetoing Brexit without a referendum? It isn’t a question of power to do something. It is a question of character, courage and will. Seriously. This matters because the clock is ticking.
Here’s a little something from me on Brexit ...
'Brexit: take back control'. Of Gibraltar, that is, by Spain. And then Scotland, by Scotland. Then Ireland by itself. Leaving England to the far right; poor Wales in tow. Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
theresa may on the radio earlier looked like she should have been getting stoned on that 70s show #Brexit
Note to self: write a funny Black Friday deals / Brexit deal quote before tomorrow x
Newspaper headlines: Moped gangs 'knockout blow' and EU summit: Photos of police ramming into mopeds and a look ahead to the Brexit summit features on the front pages.
Jacob Rees Mogg makes Mycroft Holmes look like Del Boy. #brexit
Royal Navy retains patrol ships for Fishery Protection in post Brexit scenario
Latest News: Newspaper headlines: Moped gangs 'knockout blow' and EU summit Photos of police ramming into mopeds and a look ahead to the Brexit summit features on the front pages. 2018-11-23 22:55:30Z
Annoyed by American corporations trying to flout hard won workers rights? This is just the beginning... ...
It's never about "the national interest", as she claims, but always about her self-interest and that of the Tory party. Queen of the Go-Home vans, #TheresaMay
Should get half to say FUCK OFF BREXIT, and the other half to respond by saying Morning/Afternoon
Theresa May caught between a rock and a hard place...
How, from the history of their devious, deceitful and downright undemocratic behaviour, can we trust a word they say? It's the same with our political class... dangerous times, Brexit was a lifting of the pressure-cooker's lid, but it's now being forced back down... Good luck
Proposition: The May brexit deal is so unpopular, that the act of voting it down will give space to re-think this obsession with ending free movement.
What #Brexit has givilen us is a real insight of how EU institutionalised the establishment &amp; the msm has become, entrenched &amp; ingrained in2 the very heart of parliament &amp; how far these people will go 2 preserve it against the wishes of the British people
If she is thinks 17m out of 75m in advisory Referendum has to be delivered shows has no concept of democracy. She was always xenophobic by nature and Q jumping correlation only relates to her own bias. She is not on any road to Damascus#brexit
I like French, Spanish, German, Polish and Hungarian people but any idiot knows an influx of cheap labour suppresses wages. The late Tony Benn was right. The #EuropeanUnion IS undemocratic and we can’t ever vote these cretin #MSPs out. #brexit #brexitdeal
Kudos for bein honest. Ur on the yes side now and that's all that counts. Just as an aside. I work as an anti money laundering officer with a major high street bank. In 2014 I was in the company of directors of said bank. They were all expectant &amp; prepared for Indy. Not 4 Brexit
What Brexit really looks like? No, this is the phoney Brexit that a remainer Prime Minister and cabinet have negotiated and accepted respectively. This is what a remaining in the EU in all but name looks like, delivered by a remainer PM and Olly Robbins.
Any NHS worker that defends brexit needs some treatment. Shame on them.
Brexit: Will Spain's Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock? Give the vote to the people that live there and business ... Please pass this on
It is indeed - superb film with plenty to ponder in today's #Brexit context
David Yelland on is suggesting is more ambivalent on Brexit than it appears 'if you read it carefully'. I for one always read the Sun carefully.
This party is finito
Brexit for Dummies...
Why are you supporting May’s Brexit deal. The vote was won by fraud and lies which you must know. You are a disgrace and should be deselected.
What patronising, outdated, London metropolitan claptrap on #newsnight about the influence of the papers on Brexit. Sorry, but the people in the country are capable of thinking for themselves and don't worry about what Geordie Greig et al are saying.
Stop lying to your peopke! You cant veto brexit! Fool! Sort out the corruption y el paro in your country!
An analysis of Theresa May's deal: "Her administration has been defined by a relentless attempt to conceal the reality of Brexit from public and parliament, so she can survive another day, another week, another month"
and and falling over themselves to smooch with DUP. Failed #Brexit by a failed governmentwho bought DUP support and are trying to buy a bad #BrexitDeal
He is just acting in his own country's interest. It would be nice if our Prime Minister had done the same. He only outplayed her because she let him, and/or agreed with his vision of Brexit – instead of that of the majority of British voters.
I hope this ends the discussion as to why some of us thought Bernie Sanders was better than Hillary Clinton. I think this is the only issue she's taken a stand on. It's a horrible position that rewards racists. Meanwhile, Bernie is on the right side of every issue.
The Brexiteers have been routed. Only question now is whether they’re humble enough to admit it.
WTO is the default Brexit position. We’re coping over all EU trade deals. Easiest deals ever. By far the bulk of it will done.
She hasn’t a clue. Never about immigration, all about sovereignty.
Truth. More than 70 brexiters so i secure theythink it helps to do this. Brexit means brexit. Your future is safe in May’s hands.
Didn't go to the pub tonight. Had big plans for watching a film, but ended up reading a lot of tedious stuff about Brexit before spending an hour killing Nazis on an XBOX game I haven't played for ages. I am Mark Corrigan.
Brexit wasn't a peaceful revolution. It was lie upon lie, upon lie. Fartage whipping up xenophobia, interference from foreign activists, vote leave breaking the law.. Cambridge Analytica... Peaceful? Don't make me laugh. It was a show of betrayal. Treason.
So if the Tories manage to deliver the DUP might have to reconsider their confidence and supply deal which was struck to help them deliver brexit. That makes no sense whatsoever.
*Create a toxic politics*? FFS CREATE? We already have a poisonous toxic political wasteland. Brexit would just make it 100x worse. Daft prick.
I recon that Theresa should send in one of those letters of no confidence then a couple more letters and she would not have to resign, she would get the sack.
If you’re a Translator in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the South West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexiteer’s STERN message for MPs who FAILED to oust Theresa May before Brexit deal agreed
Brilliant as ever, Marina Hyde: Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
I increasingly think that one problem we have had with Brexit is that many UK citizens’ only real experience of European interaction between nations (as opposed to individuals) is sport. And they frame Brexit in those terms.
Ukip an electoral force!!! Did we miss something
Rory "Immigration" Stewart again trying to unify voters behind the EU deal. The participants were distinctly English centric. Purely for practical reasons, , or an acknowledgement of a revival of the nations independence movement, should a hard Brexit become reality?
Guys guys! Genderfluid Flu is SO much worser than Man or Woman Flu. Brexit is to blame for this. Mark my wurds. #stopbrexit
Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
As a remainer... What do we have to lose here? Grieve or Soubry would be good. Unlikely, though. Boris or Mogg, they will own the shit and perhaps that will really get people to rise.
‘Brexit aside’ being the prominent phrase here.
The DUP in charge of Brexit is exactly what we need - if they bring down the duplicitous May a huge cheer will go up across the land and I too would vote for them if I could
Theresa May refuses 3 times to deny she'll resign if her Brexit deal is defeated - Mirror Online
My family are part Irish. I am entitled to an Irish passport if I wanted one. Also had family in the uk military during the troubles (not good for Irish catholics). The GFA is not violated by Brexit. Some investment in the border is needed &amp; some political will.
Veto brexit. We don’t fuckin need or care what you think. This isn’t your decision. This is OUR decision. #BoycottSpain see how that hits your tourism
Theresa May refuses to say her deal is better than staying in EU, during live radio phone-in
How did Britain ever end up with #Brexit? From 1996
On which cloud is . living? "You "would" create a polarising toxic politics in this country"? That ship has sailed, mate. You're on it. Your captain is the one dosing the country with poisoned rhetoric, #FakeNews &amp; outright lies. Is PM's Fudge worth your reputation?
Brexit 1: Lambeth 0
Child witnesses + delay is another whole subject in itself. I guess post-Brexit that we may not be able to link up to even EU countries, so that’ll be another group of victims to add to your example
Obviously the world knows the deal is rubbish and Olly must be sacked
Brexit is for a select few to pursue an ideology of a total free market which makes them much wealthier.
Dear anonymous socialist, your beloved Jeremy loves you so much he supports Brexit, which will condemn to permanent destitution and misery the very people he claims to support. Your beloved JC has been voting with the likes of Rees-Mogg for years to bring this about. #hypocrite
Excellent tonight. Debate with voters in the studio perfectly illustrates why regardless of the eventual Brexit outcome, no one will be happy!!
Germany and Italy are flirting with recession while Eurozone business growth has slumped to a four-year low: #Brexit
Sure ... loon.
Hype put to one side; I will be dead and gone before this country has recovered from this Brexit misadventure. The outcome, inevitable now, its turning the uk into a backwater. And all about the internal politics of the Tory party.
Both the CTA and Belfast Agreement are, quite clearly, affected by Brexit. How they are affected is yet to be determined absolutely, but the very fact that UK wishes to leave the CU and SM alters the existing relationship between the UK and Ireland, which will be staying in both.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote - Sky News
Knighthood and Privy Council from Theresa May. The rest of the UK Government system is beyond the 'use by' date, but the grubby mechanism of political patronage (as used by all parties) is still in good working order #Brexit #Knighthood #TheresaMay
Brexit deal is worse than staying in E.U., lawmaker who helped draft it says - NBC News
EY's chief UK economist warns Brexit will bring a further drift towards “a warehouse economy: low skills, low productivity and low growth”:
Let him do as he likes. silly little man.
Oh, Britain, this is funny, but you still have #Brexit, (and yes we still have #45) but man, #BlackFriday :-)
This is brilliant this is the woman leading 60 million people off the edge of a cliff and hasn't a clue why #BREXIT #BrexitShambles
Hopefully it’s a paper shredder, you could use it on Mrs May’s so called Brexit deal. #LeaveMeansLeave
WATCH: “26 pages of waffle” – Corbyn on new Brexit plans
#Brexit is not a decision about building a new highway. Young people plan their study/ careers around mobility and access. That's in jeopardy. They should have a say, that's all. And not penalized because they had the misfortune of being born too late. Not right. #PeoplresVote
If we have the Swiss model will the trains be on time?
Let me guess, you're one of the FBPErs who doesn't actually support Soubry, Cable, Leslie or even Jo Johnson, whitewashing their voting record is just a necessary evil until Brexit goes away and then you'll *definitely* turn your back on them and want them removed from office?
I ask again where’s the local assessment from ? We need to understand how May’s deal, no deal and staying in the EU will affect us. AND WE NEED TO KNOW NOW.
Except we haven’t as nothing is agreed until it’s all agreed. We wiil do if it gets through Parliament. It won’t
brexit is useless for the nation as whole. Brexit does not satisfy the will of the people. If brexit means brexit then brexit is shit. StopA50 save the nation further shame.
Oi MUPPET MAY HOW WILL YOUR WIMP COPPERS HANDLE THIS IN THE UK BREXIT MEANS EXIT = NO DEAL BREXT
Threatening Brexit 'veto,' Spain demands written commitment from UK on Gibraltar
I have one. But like most people in the UK, Brexit will make it that little bit sadder; and for many that little bit harder. For what?
Snap - I’m a party member and me and everyone I know will never vote Tory again
Oh dear. Legs voted Brexit?
We are supposed to agree with people who say we must agree with them for unity etc. or else there is something fundamentally wrong with us and our values and character. You don't believe in unity if the only unity is the one you dictate. #Brexit #withdrawalagreement
It's Friday evening. My wife and children have been asleep for two hours. And I find myself compulsively comfort-replying to people I agree with on here about Brexit. But it DOES help me deal with the madness. I just hope that I won't still be doing this in 10 years.
The #EU is a capitalist club for the multinationals - how long is it going to take for this to register with people? So frustrating. The #EU is NOT the ordinary person's friend. #Brexit now
No-deal Brexit fears on minds of German manufacturers
The Truth About Brexit (2018) via
Exactly what I think...
Hey check this out , ! As well as dragging us through the never-ending Tory psychosis that is Brexit - you also made this happen! Aren't you incredible?
New post (Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal By Reuters) has been published on Get the latest financial news. Free real time quotes, 25 Trading Tools, Technical analysis, and much more. - © Reuters. FILE PHOTO – ... -
Don't miss our round-up of all the weekend papers: Brexit dramas, moped gangs, vegan cats and more, from midnight on BBC 5 Live #tomorrowspaperstoday
We're only accepting it if we get a No Deal Brexit (a true Brexit), not Remainer May's BRINO deal. That's entirely the fault of the Remain establishment.
Just so bad and it's being brought into sharp focus.The Brexit shambles and Scotlands Independence are puting them under the international microscope
im not saying im for brexit just stating the fact that it is not disasterous as some is saying.
These are the people who voted #brexit when they meant to vote for breakfast
Is there an intelligent response to Brexit? What’s the plan?
Sounds good. Pretty much everything I wanted but I can’t help but think I’m missing something, considering some hard Brexit people are complaining about it. What am I missing? I want a hard Brexit and this sounds about right?
We’re trying to crash out like you did with your ‘no deal’ Declaration of Independence.
Why are the BBC a bunch of lefturd snowflakes scared for Brexit an pushing the EU is amazing crap ?
Brexit trade deal: It's cake, but will Brits eat it?
Brexit
I’m not having it either, Noel. But, did grunge lead to Trump? (JK)
Yeah but Tim Spoons keeps pushing for Brexit. Can you write bollocks on his signs if you keep going to Spoons?
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
What experts? Social or paid economists? It's not local small business it's multi nationals. Homelessness comes from a lack of social mobility, I think you are wide of the mark saying Brexit is an influence to any increase. Wow, those cloudy crystal balls?!
Raaaaab won't be the only one. That is why May was left there, to take the stain of leavers own ideological road to rack and ruin. #Brexit
Interesting conversation at lunch today concerning Brexit. The one Brexiteer amongst us kept very quiet. I wonder why. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
There is a pro Brexit shadow ban going on.
It’s the 17.4m who have to justify it, not “we” thank you very much. As Brexit leaders have said, the 17.4m were fully briefed that it could mean being poorer, but this was trumped by the desire to take back control. This issue is owned by them not me.
He’s right you know. Their ‘struggle’ is with their own damaged sense of entitlement
Where would you live brexit or no brexit
Support the cause. Tell people the truth
Brexit has damaged UK/Irish relations. Everything was pretty good before it?
You have no handle on political opinion polls, demographics, the impact of economics nor the drivers of Brexit. You are projecting your anger. It's quite clear only Remain are able to mobilise in support of their idea whilst Leavers are clutching at straws of inciting violence.
EU competition laws would frustrate some of Jeremy Corbyn’s most popular and radical plans, such as...
Is Theresa ReMayne the most openly corrupt prime minister in living memory? Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
Why do you constantly reverting back to #HATETRUMP #Brexit. I get it, you didn't agree with either result. Your're a #Remoaners, that's fine. But this debate, just to remind you, was concerning the #SJW mentality of . If you can't stick to that, maybe call it a day?
Some bloke from the IEA reckons Dover will be OK.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Hence the implementation period &amp; the backstop. But these are all post Brexit issues.
Had a feeling there have been at least 48 letters handed in. More Conservative shenanigans. Unfortunately May has been proved a liar so difficult to know who you can trust.
Spend a few days on a maternity ward and you’ll see just how much the are killing this country. #UniversalCredit, cuts to #Policing, #SocialCare, #NHS treatment of #immigrants by the state, the #GigEconomy &amp; low pay. It’s heartbreaking. And #Brexit impact on #NHS
Suppose Brexit does mean Brexit
It’s the most extreme Brexit that doesn’t cause food riots in Canterbury.
The Port of Dover itself says, perhaps not so much.
Dover Council reckons it might be a little challenging.
House of Lords committee really not sure
Proper Brexit = oxymoron (with the accent on moron)
The question now is whether the Brexiteer Tories understand they’ve already been beaten. If they do, the party can reunite, if not it’s civil war.
Transport specialists spot problems
But some bloke from a dodgy lobbyist group has done some maths on the back of an envelope, read something by the discredited Economists for Brexit and is sure that a no deal situation will be fine because some sort of deal on trucking will be done. #notreassured
I'm no fan of the Irish government or the EU but they have been doing a good job on Brexit, recognised that the UK have a weak prime minister with no majority and get her to give concessions on every issue, EU could still sell us out on the final day though #brexit #BrexitDeal
'If there is no deal, it's obvious that what will happen is that the European Council will most likely not take place'
Tell or mate the same. Can he counter, produce evidence, facts. One positive from Brexit. Anyone!
Well...best of luck to: cafes, restaurants, hotels, construction sites, cleaning businesses, care homes, farms, warehouses, and many, many others relying on "low skilled migrant workers".
Telegraph is the only #brexit paper now a is one of our better journalists.
Nothing will convince a sufferer of Brexit Anxiety Disorder.
This is what we need
you can start ur own party, on the Brexit tickrt alone people would back you! UKIP is losing any mainstream legitimacy it had left.......
UK / BREXIT / UK PARLIAMENT / HOUSE OF COMMONS "MEANINGFUL" VOTE ( ON BREXIT WITHDRAWAL DEAL : #BrexitWatch
The last thing we need is UKIP squabbling. UKIP our only hope. .get Tommy to referee a meeting with farage. I agree with farage on everything except his opinion on our lovely Tommy Robinson
why are we going ahead with Brexit when it was won by cheating and lying. What happened to INTEGRITY?
Brilliant
We are supposed to agree with people who say we must agree with them for unity etc. or else there is something fundamentally wrong with us and our values and character. You don't believe in unity if the only unity is the one you dictate. #Brexit #withdrawalagreement
Same Rory Stewart who recently had to backtrack live on air when he said 80% of the population backed the Govt on Brexit.
and QE stops next month - France lousey too NO DEAL brexit EU in recession
You do know this is just the withdrawal agreement and not brexit terms.
Looks like this yank’s feeble attempt at a wee bit of humor failed in translation. I’ve been following #Brexit &amp; would be a total #Remainer.
This woman really is an embarrassment to this country
Theresa May steps up the media blitz to sell her Brexit deal to U.K. voters with the unveiling of a website set up to rebut "criticisms and inaccurate reporting"
This is IMHO very likely to happen. It was always about sending back black and brown people and too many people talking foreign on the bus. And for all that we are hugely diminished and much poorer
Eurosceptic Tory MP John Hayes given knighthood | Labour suggests the timing of the honour could be an attempt to win support for the PM's Brexit deal. |
Eurosceptic Tory MP John Hayes given knighthood | Labour suggests the timing of the honour could be an attempt to win support for the PM's Brexit deal. |
Told you so - the Nazis are tooling up!
David Davis was Brexit secretary for two years, he did next to nothing.
He’s presenting the Brexit result next week. Deal or no deal.
See what the EU has contributed in your area via And BREXIT WILL RUIN IT THINK ON KEEP FIGHTING THE TORIES FOR WHAT THEY HAVE DONE TO GET GREAT BRITAIN INTO SUCH A MESS
It's like all the electoral poisons are being drawn into a repository called 'Brexit', and we have the opportunity to flush them away.
Ms Foster is being a tad silly now
I don't even count you lot as 2nd class citizens! If you can't accept democracy then you should be stripped of your british citizenship, removed from your mansions, and deported to your beloved europe ASAP! This country would be a lot better off without all the traitors! #brexit
We need a radical alternative to cosy UKIP. We will vote for a Clean Brexit Party to promise minimal cooperation with the EU. Continental states yes but Brussels No. No to Security &amp; no to sharing. The EU is an enemy of the British People.
#reesmoggcouldntorganise Brexit.
I received this letter from my car insurance company today, evidence of how far and reaching the consequences of Brexit are.
True. But I think brexit is dead through betrayal by the Westminster elite if both sides, the media and by the London remainers.
Worse Brexit
If UKIP is to survive Gerard Batton needs to step down with immediate effect. For UKIP to be recognised as a serious main stream Party with a serious manifesto, the party needs Nigel Farage to take his right full place as leader of UKIP the people's party.
The UK is a very corrupt country. So this is no surprise.
Absolutely agree. As long as people have got the eyes and the brains to see - which I'm beginning to seriously doubt. #Brexit NOW
5.75 Million people 33% more stupid than anyone thought... Third of Brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK
Yeh! Let Spain try to d*ck with the UK and watch their shitty economy plummet! Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
#Spain bars May's way to Brussels #Brexit deal
Politicians and their media lie to the public about the sunlit uplands of Brexit. When it dawns on the minority who still aren’t against it then it isn’t going to go down well. And it already won’t go down well with the majority who have realised.
If we had a proper leader determined to deliver a proper Brexit I think they would in with a big majority but has to be someone we can trust
Parliament can't stop Brexit. Why don't you understand that? A motion vote does not change the legislation. PARLIAMENT CANNOT STOP BREXIT PLEASE STOP SAYING THIS LIE
brexit deal explained: Stripping UK citizens of their right to free movement in 27 other sovereign states. Losing every trade deal we currently have. Still sending money to the EU for our agreed commitments but getting nothing back in return. Loss of vital NHS staff and funding
This is fantastic news. I am astonished it isn’t trending. Magnifique!
Brexit wasn’t about immigration!
The UK's loss is Ireland's gain.
I think the point is that it's a two way street. Brexit has put a lot of emphasis on immigration and less about the possibility of working , studying in the EU. Now we will not have those opportunities made easy. My temp unskilled work might have become something more.
We no thanks I #BackEUMembershipDeal that we already have &amp; are currently a member. #Brexit is not a done deal we demand a #peoplesvote
Still worth a go I guess... Petition: STOP BREXIT
New post: The Brexit Irish border dispute explained – Sky News Sky NewsThe Brexit Irish borde
And by the way, tell me I'm wrong when I say that boomers, as a whole, are more bigoted and religious, more likely to support Trump and Brexit, than "this generation". And for clarity, when I say generation I mean what every English speaking person understands that word to mean.
Then they might be worth listening to on #Brexit
THIS from deserves serious retweeting.
Huge news , proof this brexit argument is completely mute and traitorous Since 2001 we haven't had a queen officially and the establishment hides it. 2.5 min vid
This, I think, is the main force against stopping Brexit or, indeed, going against whatever is "the flow". The cowardice &amp; laziness of the average MP. Sad to say.
Or, let's stop brexit together.
The truth is the CBI does not think it is a good deal, far from it, they think it is a bad deal.
Another reminder: W Bush is responsible for the worldwide dumpster fire that brought us BREXIT and the shitshow that is the Trump administration. The puppet masters, behind it all, are Russia and the russian-bought .
Shockingly chewed - is this staving off hunger pangs?
The #BBC is desperately running May's propaganda today, seemingly on a loop. #Brexit
Let's hope they continue hastily down that path then, the fucktards #Brexit
Piss off Hain. Another telly whore. Anything to get his face on the box
And another. That’s about 75. Brexit means brexit. Auntie May will look after you. Goodnight
If you are referring to Dominic Raab, He did not say that staying in the EU was the best course. He wants a proper Brexit.
notice the one voice screaming for a hard Brexit is the one who looks like has no care about his body or appearance. Coincidence?
destroyed the BNP by delivering the #Brexit vote. But if you don’t deliver Brexit, then the BNP/NF whatever you call it will be back, like in France, Italy, Austria, Germany....etc
The winning margin was a 1.9% swing, so are you seriously saying over 96.3% of Leavers voted for "no deal" &amp; no SM/CU access? Please don't quote Cameron as most Brexit zealots do. Remember which side he was on.
That's simply nor repeatable now the idea has been tried and shown to fail. Leave is a cult of ignorance but even the ignorant can see that Brexit ain't working. It's game over especially as demographics is not in Leaves favour.
Here’s hoping!
I need to attend an identity evidence review because I didn’t “provide a valid UK passport number” My German passport was verified.I did an “habitual residency test” in July at the same office. WHEN DO I GET TO DO SOME QUEUE JUMPING?!? #jesuisqueuejumper #brexit #universalcredit
It kind of proves that none of them had a clue what brexit really means.
Dimbleby (D) will be working from the grave.
She reduces sovereignty to its lowest common denominator. Absolutely pathetic.
King's College London - Public wrong on key facts around #Brexit and impact of EU membership, new study finds
Just a reminder. It wasn’t his idea to do Brexit
El Mundo: Spain threatens to boycott Brexit summit becuase of Gibraltar.
Days of Empire are over! The people of #Gibraltar aren't some imperial possession that can be traded away by the UK. They're British by choice, the Government must always respect and protect that come what may. Why don't Labour get self-determination?
But as the nature of the deal has shown, it is plainly evident that the Leavers were not in power. This deal was cooked up by a Remain establishment intent on keeping the status quo. It is not Brexit by any stretch.
‘I Can’t remember the last time a harmless middle aged woman been so humiliated’ #Brexit
This is not a brexit deal, this is the withdrawal agreement. The brexit deal gets negotiated during the transition period
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected -
No he is now saying he will only resign if The Prime Minister SACKs him
Keep going Robert, my sources are telling me she has told close friends if Robert on twitter can get to 4,000 retweets she is absolutely going to resign.
Sorry, don't follow your thinking on this. A short time ago you agreed with Diane Abbott that , if we had another referendum tomorrow, the result would still be Leave. So why do you now think that BREXIT MPs should agree to Theresa's deal which doesn't let us leave?
We need a #peoplesvote to save us from T May's vile #BrexitShambles
If the Maybot can give Christopher Chope a knighthood for services to misogyny I'm sure she can rustle up a few gongs for services to Brexit.
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
It’s about time!
If #Brexit wasn't proof enough that people should not be allowed to make decisions...
"Those who argue for continued membership are advocating being tied to a fatally flawed economic structure which happens to be an empire-building project riding roughshod over any resistance or attempt to secede" via
No, no he hasn't, neither or the EU are responsible for this mess you and all the other #Brexiteers are responsible, you are getting everything you wished for and we are all going to suffer for it, it's your mess so own it #BREXIT
Should the deal pass the tories will be remembered for not just betraying Brexit but also binding us to the Eu without the right to leave without Eu consent. The UK being bound to obey laws with no say. I cannot see how any party could survive this.
THE TORIES R DEFINATLY STUPID ENOUGH TO IMPORT THIS CRAP &amp; GM CRAP FROM THE U.S AFTER BREXIT, BUT IS ANYONE STUPID ENOUGH TO B A GUINEA PIG TO THIS CRAP, I CURTAINLY WON'T B EATING ANY OF THERE FREAKY LABCRAP FOOD, I WOULD RATHER STARVE, AVOID U.S PRODUCTS!!!!!
BBC News - Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
Not sure that the final chapter has been written yet. Brexit as much driven by alienation in Labour's heartlands as by Tory support. In Scotland, more voted to leave the EU than voted for the SNP. There's a widespread dissatisfaction that politics as usual fails to address.
In which case, why have come up with the totally ridiculous deal you have presented to Parliament ... resign!
She is spreading #fakenews herself. Her deal does not deliver what she says. Her deal is a total betrayal of the referendum result. #Brexit must happen and #TheresaMay must go
So what is Brexit then ? What would you do if you were in charge instead of just heckling from the sidelines ?
Unfollow me if you will but if this neoliberal trash runs again in 2020 I will crawl over broken glass to prevent her from getting the nomination.
No they wouldn't. Brexit is as dead as the proverbial blue parrot. Get with the future , and oppose Brexit. I can't even vote Labour while you allow Brexit to go ahead, and I'm a former Labour councillor and CLP secretary.
- UK Headlines - * BBC: EU won't offer 'better deal' on Brexit - May * Guardian: Exclusive Companies running 'inadequate' UK care homes make £113m profit * The Times: British student jailed for spying could be pardoned
I like French Spanish German Polish Hungarian people but any idiot knows an influx of cheap labour suppresses wages. The late Tony Benn was right - the #EU IS undemocratic and we, the people, can’t ever vote these cretin #MEPs out #brexitdeal #brexit
Something tells me that, being a vicar's daughter.... Theresa May won't publicly swear on The Bible that her EU Withdrawal deal upholds the principle of the referendum #Brexit decision - 'Leave means Leave' and is also in UK National interests.
The latest The HR Vault Daily #HR News! #brexit #hr
Apparently Sarah is talking crap about her brother having to give up his British citizenship to stay with his wife and kids and all in Belgium as a result of Brexit. That is just misleading at best.
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected -
#BREAKING Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's #Brexit silence
Ever get the feeling there are too many disagreements from Spain, the DUP and Brexiteers, no room for backing down from all the bluster to even negotiate a deal at all...? #Brexit
As I tried to make clear, accepting a result is not the same as agreeing with it. I am convinced Brexit is a huge mistake, but that doesn’t mean all informed people will vote against it. It’s inexplicable to me, but some turkeys will vote for Xmas despite knowing the outcome.
Jason I have been a supporter - have even donated - but you have been to everywhere except Scotland - scotland is trying to legally put a stop to brexit - but you are silent - same as wm - exactly who are you representing - seems to me everywhere except Scotland
Time for #Labour to get rid of Mps like #DianeAbbott. Like #Corbyn she is great for Tories. #DeselectHer BBC News - Brexit vote will be honoured, says Diane Abbott
Let's get on with #Remain
Total knobs. The only reason we import cod and haddock is because the CFP allocates a greater proportion of the permissable catch to the clogs, frogs and 'spics. WTO Brexit will mean cheaper, more available British fish in British shops.
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out via
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's #Brexit silence: - Theresa May accused of… #News #Politics
I'm just glad he's yours. Imagine if he was the British Prime Minister and negotiating Brexit. Mays bad enough but he would have caused a European war.
Remember the USA PHIL SILVERS SHOW, like May gives Merkel £ 39b in gold to buy London &amp; Merkel gives her a receipt saying she now owns London.
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
No I don't 'think' that but appreciate to those from a party that thinks folk like Dominic(what's that blue stuff between us &amp; France)Raab &amp; Nadine(I demand a hard Brexit &amp; full representation in EU institutions including MEPs)Dorries are clever pretty much anyone seems cleverer.
Every time something major happens my parents (but especially my mum) act like it came out of nowhere. I made a post about Brexit and potentially getting kicked out yesterday and my mum called me just now and she was like, omg dad said this morning you’re gonna get kicked out
You can see how a GE comes now. Tories lose majority and need to go to the country for a mandate to ‘finish Brexit’. Trouble is they don’t agree on what that means. Risky.
Familiar face here: it's none other than tv's highlighting Brexit cost to the consumer: porky pies and chlorinated chicken... yum
1/. Were f*cked short term, fight goes on. 2/. May will try again lose DUP -GE 3/. Need to make sure there are plenty of pro- brexit MP's
If those who only pay lip-service to the demcratic process had worked to implement the result of the Referendum rather than seek to subvert it almost from the moment it was announced then perhaps we might have got the Brexit people voted for. So who is to blame?
Leadsom‘s “No deal plus”: if parliament votes against the EU deal, the government would pay the EU £20bn – less than half the planned divorce payment – in exchange for a 2-year transition period, during which the UK would prepare for trading on WTO terms.
You don’t think people don’t want to get into retail because of #brexit ? Have you considered on line purchasing and how that is trashing retail. Who wants to shop these days
#standup4brexit can't believe the 237 conservatives would vote to lose our sovereignty and undermine the Referendum result. I and many more conservative voters will desert them at the next Election as they turn there back on democracy.
May still thinks people voted to Leave solely based on immigration. She is so far removed from the electorate, sh hasn’t got a clue
The 2016 referendum was flawed. Outrageous lies were told. Budgets illegally overspent. There's evidence of foreign interference and advertising campaigns on social media illegally abused personal data. Now we know what #Brexit deal is really on the table we need a #PeoplesVote
It was already well headed in that directed before Batten took over.
Merkel wants all leaders to fuck their countries the way she did Germany. That way she won't be such a standout fuck-up. Allahu akbar uber allis.
If only he had a chance to shape the deal and take part in the negotiations as Brexit Secretary ........Oh yes , he did and failed miserably .
No, I'm not ignoring it. But I've not been able to find 10 Leavers that voted for the same Brexit, so we need to establish facts when it comes to choices around GFA: Either UK remains, make backstop in Irish Sea or throw N.I. under the bus, with Wales &amp; Scotland likely to go too.
#MakeAFilmCheap well, we're doing ads cheap! Great return (#Remain in EU)
High performing entrepreneurs do these 2 things to get ahead. #brexit #clickbait
What's the betting post brexit ration books get printed in Poland
BBC leading with the answer to a question she wasn't asked. BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
You know what, , for once I agree with you: we shouldn't blame Brexiteers for this deal. We should blame predictable reality. But we SHOULD blame Brexiteers for telling us predictable reality didn't exist.
I too, like everyone else, on this tweet, truly felt the need to add an insulting tweet, aimed towards TM. We need a Brexitier in charge and we'll take a hard Brexit bc thats the only option that gives us a reason to respect democracy. We voted out Not half in or out by name only
“This is not exactly what the brochure promised.”
I don't disagree. It's also a high risk strategy. If the withdrawal agreement proceeds he gets most of what he wanted (but damages UK/Irish relations). If it collapses into no deal then it's an absolute disaster for Ireland.
NO PLEASE NO.. WE ARENT READY.. OMG NO NO PLS.. SPAIN DONT EVEN THONK OF IT NOOO DO U KNOW WHAT CAN HAPPEN.. OMG
When you vote for impossible outcomes life comes at you fast.
May to curb migration as #Brexit vote looms - a more hostile environment?
May's #brexit deal may be humilitiation of Britain[and N.Ireland}, but it is the best that was achievable. She has to put it to the Commons. But what when it is rejected?
He is indeed a Quisling &amp; a #Bilderberg attendee - a propnent f/the #Globalist #NWO. #Conservatives #StandUp4Brexit
I’ve been thinking about Brexit. Just say ‘no’ to anyone who asks for money. And tell them they’re welcome for all the help they’ve had so far. #brexit
Is this your nightmare or what actually happens very week? Majority Remain panel every week since Brexit.
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
We already voted for Brexit thanks, we should get Brexit. May’s deal is BRINO. She’s a disgrace.
Expect an utter capitulation somewhere from the British perspective of Brexit?
Since reading his writing on both Afghanistan and Iraq, I have always thought destined for high office. Although not agreeing with his stance on Brexit, he is one of the very few politicians, genuinely discussing how we heal our country and move forward long term.
Interesting results #Brexit
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants the data from a smart home speaker
It’s going to be an exciting Sunday #Brexit
Thread....hard to disagree with Pete's conclusion. I'm not quite there yet, but......
May may have been a Remainer but she sure as hell hates foreigners. It doesn’t matter to her what the evidence or the experts say on the matter, she wants them gone no matter their contribution. I used to think Cameron our worst PM since Eden, not any more.
Brexiteers are being inadvertently honest when they say Theresa May's deal is far worse than staying in the EU. If they'd recognise the other truth - that it's the best Brexit deal we can get - then they'd have the complete picture.
Never thought I'd be happy to hear the phrase "reasonable prospect"
As a man who strived to better himself and his family that can only come from wanting to and having opportunities #brexit will not stop those who want that opportunity You might have to do it differently but you will
#ChristopherWylie Co founder of #Eunoia the tech that enabled #CambridgeAnalytica-with whom he worked hand in glove for near *HALF A DECADE*to systemically shape the political climate we now have(Trump,there,Brexit here,the Far Right resurgence on mainland Europe)/“whistleblower”
Brexit. Is that what you thought this was about? Brexit day is the day before April fools day. Can it really be a joke?
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar: via
"we will endeavour to strive in every practical way towards reconciliation and rapprochement within the framework of democratic and agreed arrangements " Brexit breaks this one too
The functionally identical bit, agreed. The Remain bit, please direct me to the document that says that. Communication of the policy is anything but clear, hence this. And I hope you will retract your allegation of me misrepresenting policy.
Well, at the time that's what I thought but Theresa really is quite incompetant so maybe it wasn't. Perhaps they thought people had to vote Conservative for Brexit so decided to pass all sorts of dreadful things.
you might find this interesting to read.
HMG starts #Brexit deal PR campaign. Being half in, half out also means telling half-truth
Where are we up to in these Brexit talks?
Is it? It’s the consequence of someone obsessed with immigration negating Brexit. Her Home Office writ large
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Heading to some really nasty days here in the UK. The spectre of political violence is hovering in the air. A Labour MP was murdered before the referendum even took place. Brexit is about to be "betrayed" in one way or another, and I'm fearing the consequences.
Nonsense. The facts don’t fit your narrative.This Brexit Deal has been the May show &amp; this deal will decide her political fate.
Britain: “We voted Brexit. We want to be independent and sovereign again. We don’t like other countries meddling in our affairs.” Also Britain: “But we’ll (continue to) meddle in yours.”
Falling for the NI trap means part two is where U.K. gets roughed up over likes of fishing &amp; FOM &amp; is blackmailed into backpedaling or we’ll be stuck in CU etc. EU will continue to ‘crap’ on Britain until we’re bullied into giving in. The WA NI backstop is the big trap! #Brexit
Quite possibly the biggest series of lies and distortions ever put to the British people in 60 seconds. Absolutely scandalous pack of untruths.
The fact she showed her deal to Merkel and railroaded her cabinet at chequers after getting ok from Merkel shows the side she is cannot let us do Deal is only way of delivering real Brexit.
Arlene Foster has said as the DUP's Conference opens that even if Theresa May wins the Parliamentary vote on the...
Spain bars May’s way to Brussels Brexit deal #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Brexit makes UK lose control over Gibraltar.
Do you feel able to be friends/date someone who voted differently to you in the #BrexitVote ? #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #brexitshambles #StandUp4Brexit #BrexitDeal Please #Retweet #Politics #News #BrexitReady #Brexit
Brexiteer’s STERN message for MPs who FAILED to oust Theresa May before Brexit deal agreed -
DUP ready to pull the plug on Theresa May's #Brexit deal should she persuade Parliament to approve it.
Arlene Foster has said as the DUP's Conference opens that even if Theresa May wins the Parliamentary vote on the...
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
She described her deal as one that "works for the UK" and warned MPs against voting down her proposals
The document as I read it is not Brexit, it’s a civil service fudge to keep us in no mans land, neither in or out. Nowt to do with Brexiteers
And this, ladies and gentlemen, is why we need a people's vote.
You may be surprised Andrew. Shaun Bailey might just clinch it, given how is failing in London, more bothered about denying Brexit . Remember, more people voted leave in London, than voted for him to be Mayor.
Too late for Brexit..... let's not forget what they did during Scotland's independence referendum!! Don't pay to be lied to,cancel your TV license. You won't miss a thing!
Whats tour Brexit plan Jim? #Flag.
sorry! , , and other rebels should take over. Shame about Ken Clarke's soft shoe shuffle towards the MayWA otherwise we could coin the term #RobinHoodRemainers stealing Brexit from under the noses of the rich
As long as you are prepared to lie through your teeth about Brexit
Hahahaha,We have enough nolotil to give us.
Tutto si ferma a #Gibikterra?I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: #Brexit: Will Spain's #Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock? -
THIS, by 's Andrea Hossó: The EU has a mission to build a European Empire. To reach its goal, it sacrifices democracy &amp; transparency. It does not want agreement. It wants to thwart Brexit. And in Robbins &amp; May, it has the ideal ally &amp; dupe
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Despite Continues political uncertainty, MPs will likely vote for the deal - as they should - once they come to terms with benefits latent in the EU - U.K. future trade relationship. #Brexit #choosethefuture
I have a question about your profile picture. Why is Brexit admirable if you're talking about "surviving" it and not being better off for it? Surely an event on par with a World War should be avoided, as we could decide to if we wanted do.
I'm in brussels. Theresa May is in brussels. Do I fight her or let her attend the brexit summit?
Trouble is some brexiteers still want ‘brexit’ but they hate ‘May’s deal’ with a passion. Call it what it is - of the many forms of brexit, thus is May’s deal.
This is the best Brexit analogy I’ve ever heard
Prevention? You Mean like sweeping it under the rug... Prosecution? This was going on for decades... TR is perfect for the role, why? Because he is driven by passion for what is right, above all else. #Brexit
#BBCAskThis Why does the Prime Minister not acknowledge that the outcome of #Brexit was predicated upon blatant lies?
I don’t understand which of all the great things listed in this video cannot be achieved within the European Union? Most would be significantly more difficult to achieve if we Brexit.
This is Isobel.
I want OUR Parliament to be sovereign in not just name, but in nature. I want our taxpayers money to stay in the UK, spent on the people who worked hard for for it. I want our immigration system to be fair and completely advantageous to our people. That's what Brexit meant to me.
It is shocking that even 23% of the people in this poll could support-even only somewhat-such a bad Brexit deal when there is no upside to it. And the deal in question has no chance of passing Parliament anyway.
Listen to this. How betrayed must he feel? #shocking
Falling for the NI trap means part two is where U.K. gets roughed up over likes of fishing &amp; FOM &amp; is blackmailed into backpedaling or we’ll be stuck in CU etc. EU will continue to ‘crap’ on Britain until we’re bullied into giving in. The WA NI backstop is the big trap! #Brexit
There is no way of making exceptions. For anyone. Otherwise brexit isnt brexit. Which apparently defeats its purpose. However, as I'm drinking bottled water and eating beans out of a can I'll still laugh my cock off at Sky wasting all that money on a regional league.
You clearly weren’t watching what Farage and Vote Leave were doing with their infamous poster in the Brexit referendum - how many of those in that snake line of people were white and not dark skinned? Racism pure and simple.
The big driver of Brexit, according to Michael Gove.
Had you read the code of conduct, you'd know MPs are not meant to destroy the UK. Even if 52pc ask you to...
Well, given the main incentive for doctors to stay employed in the NHS (the pension) is being sabotaged, and most of us are frazzled after years of #ToryAusterity in the NHS, I would anticipate we will lose many more docs abroad, esp if #Brexit isn’t stopped.
The latest The Political Reform Daily! Thanks to #brexit #unitedkingdom
All the brexit supporting national newspapers have seen the lights except the Sun and are slowly going 180°round to the winning side.
Exactly. DON'T!
No please.. Do u know what can happen after.. Please no
No tax without representation... #Brexit # sovereignty
Get rid of her now this is treason ref.. article 61
Here's a novel thought: in 2020, can the Democrats please nominate someone who doesn't launch into apologetics on behalf of white racism and xenophobia? (And that includes Bernie.)
This is not what “Brexit looks like” - this is what “May’s Brexit” looks like. Not Brexit at all. The EU has exposed itself during this process, and my desire to leave is stronger than it was in 2016.
Like the utter stupidity of the DUP resolutely thinking that they are speaking for the people of NI on Brexit when most of us voted to remain?! #DUP18
May faces Spanish opposition ahead of Brexit summit
It is BREXIT. We will leave the EU. Unsurprisingly we will also lose a lot of influence at the same time. All predictable. What honestly did you think was going to happen?
*Sigh* Haven't made a #Brexit comment since the awful deal. 39B, out officially by 2022. + What we usually pay for the next 3 years. Who thought standing up and ripping up a piece of paper and then saying, 'what you gonna do about that now then?' Was so hard. #LeaveMeansLeave
Here's what was promised.
Free Movement:UK and EU agree basics of post-Brexit relationship
Ironic that ‘leave’ voters’ hopes could be scuppered by an issue much closer to our shores than that of issues further afield. Ireland and its citizens have an assumed settled status within the UK, they can’t be cut adrift or compromised now. #Brexit
Thousands of workers ‘will face the sack if UK crashes out of EU’
UPDATE: It’s gone well Brexit.
Need to marry someone in the EU Before brexit tbh
This is what Brexit is about. It's about control. The ability to decide which type of skills our economy needs at a set point in time.
Why do we need a second vote? Just cancel Brexit. May has got the best deal we can get and it's far worse than remaining. We lose the benefits and keep the contsraiints. If we go out with no deal, we lose 10.3% of GDP, according to this government's own analysis. Time to grow up.
Over to you?
“For the United Kingdom, this is not an especially good deal, something those on all sides of the Brexit debate have been quick to point out.”
Politics&gt; Brexit &gt; Spanish EU official SHOUTS at German counte &gt;&gt; #politics
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar: via
Theresa May to appeal over heads of MPs for Brexit deal backing Screw you traitor!
That will only happen if goes. The deal is awful. How can she genuinely think it is good for Britain? It is not brexit
I’d love to know why since Brexit medical students &amp; NHS have been targeted because they’re European, someone has taken Remainers stereotype rhetoric and made it fit own situation.
“Theresa May has been accused of bringing the honours system into disrepute after handing a knighthood to a former minister known to be wavering on whether or not to support her Brexit deal”
Brexit
You have no say in the matter, you abandoned UKIP. What's more you are going against the majority of UKIP supporters who also support Tommy. You might not like it, but it's a fact.
Either you cut costs or you increase Nigeria's revenues. How will you do these? Many intelligent people wont buy that FDI thingy. Look at for instance, he is getting the best deal for his country. Brexit was because Britain want what is best for them.
So Brexit is a cult now? You need to believe in it eh? Despite all facts of hundreds of companies leaving the UK already and we lost more then 170 000 real full-time jobs (not 1 hour per 2 weeks zero hours) showing Brexit is destroying UK and is very bad for our national interest
If the political class subvert Brexit I much suspect there will be a tidal wave of fury unleashed that could demolish parliament itself
Response to Spectator article: ‘May’s Brexit deal - the legal verdict’
She actually has defeated the brexiteers. They’re just too proud to admit it, yet.
The week ahead: EU Brexit summit, G20 summit, Thomas Cook results
Who is also behind Brexit - Part 1
Cease.
Agreed. They will be affected, but to the extent that people are promoting terrorism to stop brexit going ahead sounds extremist to me.
Having bribed the DUP yet again May is now at it with her own party members. #ToriesOut #thesnp
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
She will she is So deluded I think she really thinks we the British people are behind her..... but we are with F..king big Knives…… sorry Votes.
Indeed we do
Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
As #Brexit tensions simmer, new exhibition celebrates migration
Hear hear.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote My mp!! I am disgusted if he is backing Mays deal, considering how many people here voted to Leave. Another one with his snout in the trough
This is bollocks. Brexit is like entering into a war. Obfuscating about Parliamentary rules is more stupidity in dealing with such a severe crisis. Just pass any laws necessary to make it go away.
I have a suspicion that in time we could find that May is on line for a bonus from Tory party for doing job nobody wanted; to deliver Brexit.
I thought ‘Mr Blobby on Brexit’ was brilliant, but the absurdity and randomness of this might just make it my favourite - GREAT WORK
Does this mean every politician is now liable for promises made during a campaign that don’t materialise? Could be a long queue to the old bailey
You know, the thing I don't get about Remainers is the arrogance. #Brexit
I will be honest with you, if you turn down the aggro. I have no reason to fight, despite it being what everyone does on Twitter. I will back Stalin for a while to get rid of Hitler; in this analogy Hitler is Brexit. However, will I vote for the Tories once this is over, never.
You're touring the country and you haven't heard that the vast majority of people want a #PeoplesVote? If you want workers to gain from change you must oppose any Brexit.
Well let's revisit this in a month or two... my money is on UKIP sliding in the polls as they lose the middle of the road brexiteer and political damage being inflicted on UKIPs Brexit credibility. Batten will be ousted in short order!
Brexit party leader hires prominent anti-Muslim extremist as adviser
"People are trying to frustrate what was voted for." No! People are trying to reach a truly democratic outcome now that we know that both Leave campaigns lied on an industrial scale, both were financially corrupt and LeaveEU was Russian funded. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Makes up for the MASSIVE ones brexit-supporters have been peddling for two years.
Theresa May warns that it's too late to re-negotiate a better Brexit deal
Have you not heard #Leavers shouting about lack of white faces in their towns and cities, as a reason for wanting Brexit? I certainly have. Misguided people.
“The shadow cabinet secretary, Chris Matheson, criticised the move, saying it would be a “spectacular act of desperation for Theresa May to be giving away knighthoods in a bid to win votes for her botched Brexit deal””
Won't stop Brexit so what's his point #newsnight
These two things are connected. We have had no one looking after bread after the country for over two years - and these numbers can only get far worse if #Brexit goes ahead.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
They now want our fishing grounds and joint Soveriegnty of Gibraltar. And she's daft enough to hand these things to them.
What a hard Brexit really means. This should be compulsory reading for every Brexiter pining for no-deal.
What did they think would happen? If the EU made this easy, everyone would want to leave.
That’s rich coming from a Tory whose party is all about money
Do you agree with #NigelFarage's disapproval of #GerardBatten for allowing #TommyRobinson to become an adviser for #UKIP? #poll #polling #polls #libertarian #libertarianism #brexit
I will never vote again #Brexit #Conservatives
Free Movement:How to apply for “settled status” for EU citizens
The people in power that support a real Brexit need to get out and sell WTO and change the narrative Or at the least get an alternative to May’s deal and make sure you all sing from the same song sheet
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Brexit/US policies aim at keeping immigration to a minimum due to crime etc. Actually, Msia is even worse. It's almost impossible to get a PR in Msiaa, even for professionals. Not the case in the UK n the US. It's rich when a Malaysian complains about their Immigration policies.
Day 1 has a genuine P45 if you work in the UK manufacturing industry
The CBI , like all dedicated followers of fashionable opinion, has always been wrong about everything.
Tomorrow is a very important day for #BREXIT lets see how it goes
Blind Brexit that’s not the will of the people. #peoplesvote
Brexit views: What should the outcome of talks between Sturgeon and Corbyn be? via
Brian, serious question sarf Londoner to sarf Londoner - do you actually know what WTO means? Or are you one of the parrots repeating what Brexit politicians are saying? Because half of them don't understand either.
The notion of shared sovereignty is utter bollocks. Spain would just take up the slack and increase the agitation. Obvious.
My answer to What will the status be of Irish born nationals (after Brexit) who were raised, schooled, and worked throughout their lives in the UK, not having ever applied for British citizenship but consider the UK their home?
You are a good man Nigel and have done a lot of good but you need a holiday I think the stress is beginning to show from Dr Al .
Reuters, AP, BBC (but you'll get Brexit stuff).
I have to commend you for how you engage with one and all! And of course defend the Remain/No Brexit cause to the last.
Rory Stewart’s ubiquity confirms the UK government now sees Brexit as a giant conflict-resolution conundrum - and not a lot else. #newsnight
Happy to help. But facts are usually recognized by FBPE
Right now, I do not believe #Brexit will happen. It’s falling apart. Right viscous and chaotic, Left incohesive. MPs are more and more afraid of getting the blame. No majority for any way forward.
Do you think that oapss in the tory shires will put up with players getting permits &amp; their homehelps not getting them? Remember it's oaps who always vote and mostly vote tory, oaps voted against indy and oaps voted for brexit. I think 16yr olds &amp; not over 75yrs should get a vote
Another night and then much injustice again. The English are sadly mad, many of my friends are lost in Brexit. . The divisions are dreadful.
Theresa May on #Brexit:
Not when you vote for a strike which is similar to Brexit
According to The Times in September: “The Electoral Commission misinterpreted election law in the run-up to the Brexit vote, the High Court ruled yesterday, raising questions about the judgment of the watchdog.”
You might veto May's treacherous deal but you won't be vetoing brexit.
Brexit prompts its first Irish TV licence application
- UK Headlines - * BBC: EU won't offer 'better deal' on Brexit - May * Guardian: Exclusive Companies running 'inadequate' UK care homes make £113m profit * The Times: British student jailed for spying could be pardoned
The utter irrelevance of the Lib Dems caused Brexit
Turning down her deal risks no Brexit. Accepting her deal guarantees no Brexit. Ever.
IMO HRC's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
If you’re an Accountant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
#Brexit had better be stopped. I think the alternative might be unbearable for too many! #BBCSwitchOff #PeoplesVote #BrexitisFraud #WATON #StopBrexit #Remain #ABTV #FBPE #Bracknell
Sadly the BBC has now lost its reputation for balance. We need it to debate today's issue which is May deal, No Deal or No Brexit. Only 2 of these options were represented. This happens week after week on #bbcqt
I liked a video Theresa May is SAVAGED by caller over Brexit deal
Nothing but nothing surprises me any more.
#Brexit - Will Spain's Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock? -
So even though Labour said it would respect ref result and huge majority of their MP's voted for Article 50, the very mechanism for brexit to happen, you apparently didn't vote to endorse brexit? So you did, but you didn't. Glad we cleared that up.
You can have him if you want
Effie Samara: As Brexit enters its final episode, Sturgeon's courageous leadership can still win the day via
He's an EU Jackass puppet!
No to a people’s vote. Our “democratically elected” MP’s must grow a pair and decide what’s best for the country: REMAINING IN THE EU. Mays deal sucks. Hard brexit sucks more. Stop #Brexit madness so we can use this wasted political will to solve the REAL issues facing Britain
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
This actually isn’t a big deal.... there’s only 129 of these guns in england and wales.... The actual story is that because of Brexit... the ERG and the DUP are making everything difficult... So this bill to ban these guns is not going to happen
But when will we leave the EU? We’re stuck in the EU customs union and under the ECJ in perpetuity unless Brussels lets us out. That’s not Brexit. Nobody and I mean nobody negotiates international deals without exit clauses! It’s unheard of. So when will we leave?
More doggo pictures and less brexit!
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out via
I'm so glad that my three children were old enough to vote against this fiasco, they'll always know it wasn't their fault #Brexit
Mine is and you know her views on Brexit
Definitely not with this attitude. No wonder EU hot everything they wanted. Still think they will not unanimously sign it
Theresa May on Brexit:
Everything to do with #Brexit is about losing control. There is no Taking Back Control in any of it. The most control that Britain can exert in the world is as a member of the EU. A #PeoplesVote is imperative if we are to maintain our status as a world power.
And 77. There must be more of you. Don’t worry. Brexit is safe in the hands of our politicians, even if my neighbour changed his mind.
It's almost like BREXIT is not the responsibility of Ireland. Ah well, someone else to blame instead of taking responsibility for your own shitshow.
Maybe it's because in two years they still haven't come up with a plan that the majority of people think is any good?
Good news at last!
Perhaps Julia because it was an ideological knee jerk reaction with absolutely no plan .When I hear the words I " think " or I " believe " it is akin to Catholic blind faith , Brexit has been based on blind faith and the poorest will suffer .
She's a liar!
Another reason I like France. They do things right. Brilliant piece of non Partizan administration so important to so many. And done so simply. We could learn a lot with this kind of attitude.
Please spread the word
#UK #PM #TheresaMay refuses three times to rule out resigning if #MPs reject her #Brexit deal
That video should be taken down for spreading fake news. Your deal is not leaving. It is becoming a prisoner of the eu empire. In my family alone you have lost the con party over 20 voters. No deals we dont want the eu having any say over our country.
actually it leaves it open for them to get an election. if brexit deal fails, election possible. if brexit deal passes, election possible. It literally shows that whatever happens, the Tories are hopefully going to fall.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
This house does not believe Britain is ready for Brexit, but it looks like we’re gonna find out, doesn’t it?
#brexit campaign lead by launches assault on fake #news - posts #BrexitFacts on #twitter with hashtag #BackTheBrexitDeal &amp; #website in #media &amp; #online #marketing push to win votes
1/ It's not how it looks to me. UK had well-functioning de-dramatised border, essential to deliver all aspects of the GFA(including security)-massively approved by referendum(72% in UK(NI) electorate). Brexit was then passed (narrowly and not in NI) with promise of no hard border
Or that even the WTO describes itself as 4th division compared to the EU as Division 1!!! And... right now we are not accepted.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Every direction you turn Brexit will hit you in the face.
Christ remoaners still moaning. Love being subservient to an unelected power.
#BBCAskThis Brexit leave vote was based on lies, why not ask the people now?
The English people have spoken and they've confirmed their insularity and general pig headedness. #brexit
Indeed. Mrs May's deal certainly makes no kind of sense. Except that it does mean that the UK leaves the political institutions of the EU, and in that regard meets the referendum result. It is Brexit in name only but that doesn't seem to matter to her.
It's not even Christmas yet but...
UK is leaving EU on 29/03/19 The backstop is temporary &amp; subject to arbitration if not adhered to.
Yeap! Not surprising is it? Something needs to change otherwise we will continue to see a drain of doc's to countries where T&amp;C's are better - you cannot blame them!
Charlie and the Empty Chocolate Factory #bust #brexit #MakeAFilmCheap
Evidence free defeatism from Abbott ! It demonstrates starkly the biggest problem to stopping Brexit - our feeble Corbyn led Opposition, which is wholly complicit in &amp; secretly supportive of Brexit &amp; failing utterly the UK's poorest &amp; most vulnerable as a consequence.
Judging by the responses to this, I'm beginning to wonder if Nigel Farage is an MI5 honey trap designed to bring the nation's blandest psychopaths to the surface.
You mean the racists who voted for Brexit -
if this is the Russia Disinformation Campaign guess what the Brexit Disinformation Campaign Is.
There's the madness Most Tories are not ok with #Brexit They are saying it's worse than Remaining Girl you not all there
Simple explanation Theresa, Brexit is a scam, Brexit will fail, leaving the EU makes us worse off no matter what delusional Brexit deal you cobble together, the best deal available is staying in the EU, #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote there, that took less than 60 seconds to explain.
It would have been great if you had come to debate Anna Soubry MP at the #PeoplesVote meeting in #Shrewsbury Town Football Club yesterday evening 400+ came and could have heard your points about sovereignty &amp; freedom, and compared them to #BrexitReality.
Please read this and pass it on to your fellow MPs. This "deal" MUST be voted down!! #MayMustGo #HardBrexit #NoDeal
and her cabinet getting on with the ‘day job’ securing a Brexit deal for the U.K. as hosts a kids party. We ask if Sturgeon should do the decent thing, and resign? -BBC NEWS
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Brexiteers say there is no downside in Brexit and you say there is no upside in our are a Brexiteer so anything contrary to your cults agenda naturally has to be a disaster.When being contrarian try have some logical basis not blind belief to support it.
#Brexit has spoiled a lot of friendships. And for what?
Hmm. Russians organising a pro-brexit demo on 9th December. I will be there for a counter-demo. (Even if it is just me on my own.) One day - actuarial statistics willing - I will be able to look my grandchildren in the eye.
3,2,1 your back in the room, knighthood is it, MBE perhaps?
Talk about an amazing day, Hillary said something I actually agree with. Of course her concept is half baked and full of contradiction. Which one she's at least in the right ballpark
Mark my words...if brexit is sold out the only place to go is tyranny.
Carole, if I could legally stop paying my TV licence to fund the duplicitous, biassed collusion of the BBC in Brexit I would so here and now. I really appreciate and will support you in everything you do to expose the rotten heart of politics in GB today. Go girl ....
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Pity we didn't have that option when he inherited being PM
I think you might need to see this.
This is why ECHR jurisdiction is so important for Britain. It's the one way to have government action tested against an actual written charter. Fortunately Brexit doesn't touch that. I wonder how many Brexiteers know that...
Some gen int would be appreciated.
Great piece showing the enduring power of the press and how the newspapers can still influence the shifting sands of Brexit. handled the interview, and the rest of the show, with great aplomb.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Boris &amp; Nigel are working on a plan to buy real estate assets cheap, sell them to their Russian friends to launder dirty cash &amp; revel in Brexit Fantasy. Boris &amp; Nigel profit, they consider their Brexit SCAM a success &amp; everyone else can go to hell! #BrexitSCAM #BorisNigelPutin
Hi Rory, will you lose your EU Freedom of movement rights because of Brexit? (You don't have any Irish grandparents etc?) How do you feel about that generally? Thanks!
Your question, if genuine, is exactly why this country voted for Brexit. People willing to accept what journalists and newspapers publish without understanding the money and motivation behind it. #PeoplesVote
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
The people vote for a government that has the peoples best long term security and interest at heart. Brexit is not best for people's long term interest and security.
And whenever we reflect on our subservient state we will remember it was who betrayed us.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
#brexit is humiliation for Britain
DUP may look again at their confidence and supply agreement with the Tories if Theresa May’s Brexit deal is approved by parliament Arlene Foster says the DUP cannot support Theresa May unless she ditches her proposed Brexit backstop
Cash for the DUP, knighthoods, what's next #StopBrexit #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
First thing the EU will do post-brexit: standardise bread/toaster dimensions. Sneaky bastards.
The Tories 2010 - 2016. #davidcameron Much less than one the care an compassion you have shown... #austerity #brexit #tory #homeless #pip #esa #poverty #Mayhemism 1
No better than ‘s term to describe and , which is pathetic aggressive #Brexit #indyref2 #PoliticalDeclaration
Thousands of workers ‘will face the sack if UK crashes out of EU’
Very just remarks by UK civil service on #Brexit madness
You have missed the point the con in stands for confidance tricks which means no #Brexit the tory party will not survive this betrayal
Yeah, the BBC is so Tory-Right-Wing, supporting Brexit and all that, especially all the ‘light entertainment’ turns.
Only thing that can save them is an accidental No Deal Brexit on WTO terms. Then they’ll win a landslide victory. Mad world.
Your right,I cannot disagree.... It is The Muppet Show....
well if it was a proper brexit then this farce wouldn't be happening, &amp; if remainers stopped fighting it things would be fine
Who is also behind Brexit - Part 2
Swear some people have been shot dead in the US and could easily help prop up our country, especially post-Brexit...
Fish truth.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
UK / BREXIT / PARLIAMENTARY SCRUTINY OF FINAL UK-EU WITHDRAWAL DEAL: #BrexitWatch #ParliamentarySovereignty (#ItsNotOverYet) #DecemberTheTenth (see also
Philip Hammond has been sent to NI to see Arlene and the DUP, to discuss the Brexit deal. What’s the betting, that magic money tree has sprouted a few more branches!!
No, brexit is far better than being in the EU. It's just May's version of brexit that is worse.
She’s read it incorrectly.
It's time for John Humphrys to go. He was a good journalist once upon a time, even though he's acted like the prima donna of Radio 4 for the last 20 years. He's damaging the BBC, but if he retires soon the Beeb will recover.
Brexit will mean the French will no longer bother about their exit ports to the U.K.
A story of everyday, humdrum, banal British corruption It all stinks to high heaven
comments please??? thank you
Why don't EU funded #BBCnews report top EU officials like Junkers boss #MartinSelmayr are bragging about breaking up the UK &amp; losing Northern Ireland would be the price Britain has to pay for #Brexit? #newsnight #bbcnewsten #r4today #datelinelondon #marr #bbcpolitics #SundayTimes
How #Brexit will redraw #Europe’s financial infrastructure
You opened Pandora's box Nigel... What did you think would happen?
Brexit: Theresa May denies fishermen being ‘sold out’ for sake of deal Wake up and smell the Costa Coffee. EU: An Independent Scotland will have to re-apply and start at bottom. Scotland jewel in the crown but EU: No, we make a deal with Englander. NHS over stretched??? Wakey SNP
Your columns are the only true Brexit dividend.
Mainly because the Tories have reneged on Brexit, hon.
The UK has promised not to eject Northern Ireland unless Northern Ireland chooses to be ejected. That means Northern Ireland (unlike Scotland, and definitely unlike the DUP) can veto Brexit.
Points-based immigration systems which only rate workplace skills &amp; payment of income tax ignore the reality that the British economy depends on the labour of unpaid carers, mostly women, whose contributions are not currently calculated for GDP #GrosslyUndervaluedDomesticProduct
I’m so sick of all the brexit deal or no deal. I don’t normally air my political views, but all I want to say is #imabreixtergetmeoutofhere
Now that is a very good question which we all know the answer.
"A political decision has been made to maintain that there can be no going back. Actually, the UK still has a free choice about whether to proceed. As new facts emerge, people are entitled to take a different view. There's nothing in Art. 50 to stop them."
We won't allow the EU to annex NI. We will not be building a hard border. I'm sorry but I found 17.4m Leavers that voted to leave. You can invent as many different types of brexit you want if you think it helps your cause, it does not. We are leaving.
We need to recover from the Tower a medieval rack, get it all cleaned up and oiled ready to extract the truth from the likes of Olly Robbins post Brexit.
Good piece.
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News Ms May's serious delays with constant rejections has now allowed EU to raise another issue similar to N. Ireland.
And possibly chop off your knackers for good measure too! #Brexit #Shambles
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
Who believes in #TheresaMay #Brexit Vision? Please RT! #poll #PollOfTheDay #polls #BrexitShambles #BrexitAgreement #jeremycorbyn #JC4PM #Labour #conservatives #Tory #BBCQT #FridayFeeling #BrexitDeal #BrexitReady #BrexitBlindDates #BBCAskThis #weekend #future #eu #bbcsp #Peston
I would be interested to know how much we would have spent if in March 17 we had said leaving in two years on WTO terms. Then did the planning instead of the interminable wrangling. Whomever let the terms hard and soft brexit take root has a lot to answer for.
"Different" is code for not as good as the current deal with the EU. #Brexit #5live
The Spanish government cannot veto the withdrawal agreement, writes . But the final trade deal is a different matter
No deal Brexit: a million people unemployed next day with business EU dependent closing immediately... food shortages at the start with ads to save where possible. House prices will drop with auctions from unemployed people missing their payments... shall I continue?...
Theresa May Takes Her Case for Brexit to the People
#brexit and a right awful mess? #UK #EU #democracy
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to@. damage Brexit m
To stop Brexit - even via a #PeoplesVote - it'll take a majority of MPs to undergo a 'Road to Damascus' moment (unlikely) or to perceive that 'the flow' has changed direction. A little more likely, but still not v much so.
People were told Brexit would be easy and quick, the NHS would get lots of money, there wouldn’t be job losses, the economy would be fine, people wouldn’t get poorer -this was all incorrect. We need a vote now the economic impact is clear.
Here are the Facts #Brexit Removes Rights w/o Consent It leaves the maj of us WORSE OFF Her Blind Fudged Deal ensures a Pay &amp; Obey No Say Brexit We're losing the Best Deal Control &amp; Opt Outs. If we Leave we lose more Control as the Trade Deal will be subject to 27+ EU vetoes.
IMO HRC's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Fucking hell ClinicalDiaz55 the Brexit Graphic designer said “L” i’m about to deactivate, kids are shaking he might of ended my twitter dot com career
Its enough to make you puke. May and her fing betrayal of our country. She has to go....
Theresa May’s #Brexit deal sparks concern among business leaders, leaked emails reveal via
I have no agenda when I tweet this. If you want change don’t vote LibLabCon at the next election. There are other parties out there. UKIP,Time, Sovereign, For Britain, SDP and others. All support Brexit. Choose wisely force change. It’s your choice?
Well Ireland is not part of Britain so it’s prime minister should keep his snout out of Brexit Ireland broke away from Britain in 1922 so Brexit is none of Ireland’s business or it’s prime ministers business
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
I just hope we get a bite to overturn it and then a General Election to get rid of May and co. Then prosecute the liars over brexit and jail them. Maybe then I will be happy
No one mention BREXIT? Really?
And she voted remain! Nuts.
Love you on film, love you on stage and love you on Brexit. Fight on Stevie and May the world find your path!
Eurosceptic Tory MP John Hayes given knighthood: Labour suggests the timing of the honour could be an attempt to win support for the PM's Brexit deal.
Rory Stewart has toned down his language, over the past week he's twice said that if Brexit doesn't happen there will be civil war and then he said that 80% of people support the deal that May has done. Luckily he was called out on that last stat and was forced to retract.
It is no use sending tweets to -never a reply (even to say Bollocks), but I feel I am on the Brexit puffer out of Europe with 70 million passengers gradually gathering momentum after a slow start wondering where we are going and if there are end buffers to stop us
Rees Mogg he couldn't organize a simple a vampire takeover in his time and now want to try it on brexit #reesmoggcannotorganise
I like Robert Peston he usually has his finger on the pulse - let's hope he is right on this or we are in for a good dose of chaos. Theresa May's advisers were wrong at last General Election, I think she is taking poor advice The only reset button is to take our place in the EU
Newspaper headlines: Moped gangs 'knockout blow' and EU summit: Photos of police ramming into mopeds and a look ahead to the Brexit summit features on the front pages.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News When UK joined EU, Gibraltar &amp; N. Ireland were part of the UK. But EU is now behaving as if these two regions were not.
"Sunlit uplands" "It won't be that bad." "It respects the result of the referendum" Brexit is dead. There's no reason to continue this madness.
How exactly is this not Brexit?? Do explain. Does it not give everything the leave mob wanted????
The dire consequences will follow if Brexit happens and millions of people realise that all the Brexit promises were complete shite (aka lies).
Your periodic reminder that when it comes to #Brexit there is little that separates the far left and right
Steve Bannon’s let himself go
but if the enclave is going to be maintained, then of course the border issues must be addressed. its another small scale reason why brexit is such a bad move, but here we are
People understood what voting for brexit mean as much as anyone could at that point in time. No one is calling leave voters stupid. We are calling the Leave campaign(s) liars!
Panel of vampires leave their coffins to support no-deal Brexit
Post Brexit will get an influx of new members from the Conservatives or will the #Leave Conservatives encourage UKIP to come in with them &amp; remove the limp remainers ?
If you really want to understand how you got into "this Brexit mess", read this:
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
But, its not the Brexit you voted for is it?
Who decides that ? I am for #Democracy by the People !
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit - Free falling
I wish I'd said this -- a perfect summary.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
Err. Interest rates have been raised and housing market has tanked worse than the 2008 crash. And all of this because of the fear of hard Brexit..
I rarely do this on Twitter, because I know how quickly things descend. But I’m sorry: YOUR (sic) WRONG! I HAD SOME YESTERDAY AND I ENJOYED IT! #brexit #peoplesvote #hashtag
There’ll be thousands of Conservative and Labour leave votes for grabs at the next GE, mine included, I’d find it very hard to vote for Batten’s UKIP if he is giving succour to people like Robinson, Nigel it’s up to you to sort UKIP out or create something new!
I actually think a GE with Corybn win, soft-left Brexit in conjunction with McDonnell anti-austerity pro-growth policies would be a decent compromise and just take Brexit off the table for while so that UK can start getting to grips with other stuff like climate crisis etc.
But she’s lying
2/ Key is that Brexit should mean.. 'Brexit respecting this 'no hard border'' (which also protects internal stability of this part of UK). Putting rules in place to protect this is key. Other options open. But they must be viable not just aspirational, and unless and until...
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News Besides EU knew all along about Spain's intentions but they are only raising it now.
Woman in work told me she was visiting EU countries before it became to difficult to travel post brexit. So far she had visited Sweden, Norway &amp; Iceland. So obviously I recommended Switzerland.
Former MP (now lord) who was forced to resign when police began investigating political donations that he forgot were resting in his account - agrees with Sky News and wants UK to be subservient to the EU.
New post (UK could share sovereignty of Gibraltar with Spain to resolve Brexit row, Lord Hain says) has been published on Daily top pop -
The Political Declaration is not binding. It can be negotiated away. The Withdrawal Agreement is legally binding. Beware of the Turkey trap. #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #SuperCanada #Labourleave #LeaveEU #Brexit #JunkTheBackstop #BinTheBackstop
Hi, you know 'Global Britain' is another Tufton St thing, presumably? JP's article suggests he hasn't yet seen their various reports which say so.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
SIGN NOW: Labour MPs must vote down May's Brexit deal
#DamonForPrez Damon Albarn and Paul Simonon on ‘Merrie Land’ and Brexit via
I have had no dealings with him other than relating to Brexit. But others have said he is good with local stuff. I didn't know about the poster.... probably hedging his bets! Are you in Vale for EU?
May has damaged Brexit but nobody comes out with credibility. As a lifelong sub 35 Tory i feel politics are regressing. Politicians prefer to portray all things to all men, rather than principle however objectionable. There are only a handful of politicians I respect
The real Brexit bill: Northern Ireland
Great in the . #Brexit #BlackFriday
Theresa May to unveil low-skilled migrant crackdown days before crunch vote on Brexit Leaked Cabinet paper reveal 2 plans under consideration: * Issuing low-skilled EU migrants with 11-month visas * Allowing those aged 18-30 into UK for 2 years
Fortunately no one who is spectacularly rich or went to Eton or oxbridge fought for Brexit. Oh wait...
If only
Imagine the UK with a government as morally decent as this: #HospitableEnvironment
Get #ready for #Brexit advent, where a new political #hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Remainers are the architects of Brexit being a disaster, who is running the show? May and other remainers, which side is the majority of the media on? Remain. Lets face it, all remoaniacs have done since the ref is undermine and whine and sabotage.. No one is buying it any more.
So they have to pay for the healthcare in France, just as they pay for it here, and yes they do pay for it, the same way that we do, taxes. And it's also nothing whatsoever to do with the EU, it's down to individual countries, though EHIC will go after brexit.
what Brexit?? I see No Brexit.
Isn't it wonderful how Brexit really brings cross-party consistency of approach: UKIP infighting Tory infighting Labour infighting
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit
Ludicrous to funnel all that traffic through Dover. HMRC has been regularly meets with port authorities, they are absolutely itching to take traffic away from that bottleneck,. Also removes a huge propaganda line from #remain #brexit
Tim is not wrong her. But dare I say she is trying to overcompensate for her relative failure to control immigration during her time as HomeSec? She feels more responsibility in this particular area.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News The EU is playing cat and mouse with UK all because Ms May has allowed the EU to trample all over her.
A Government Minister should follow the principle of ‘First do no harm’. He knows Brexit is economically inferior to Remain &amp; yet he leads us over the cliff. Just hope he never comes across a suicide jumper on a bridge. “You’ll die but you’ve chosen.”
All predicted on my pinned tweet and my #Mid18slowdown worse to come and this will extend through mid 19
Moltes Gràcies President! As someone who is proud to be from #Gibraltar and proud to be living in #Catalunya it is really means a lot to know that this is the position on the issue.
The continued Spanish blackmail, to block Brexit deal
Brexit can still be stopped
He can't divorce Brexit impact from domestic agenda given subsequent budgetary constraints with 1.2% growth rate. Labour voters won't forgive him for losing next election by keeping Maybot in office
If you voted Lib Dem or Green, that would be viewed as a vote for an anti brexit party. Parties are always talking about their total vote share. If you voted Labour in Redwoods constituency rather than Lib dem or Green, that was a ridiculous choice.
Let's stop talking about May's deal. This is brexit. Brexit is worse than staying in the EU. This is all it ever could be
Harriet voted Brexit
Every single knows life costs double than being in a partnership where you share the cost of living. And life as single is stressful and more dangerous every day! Brexiteers if you believe that it's the right thing for England, you shouldn't be afraid for another vote, or?
This brexit shit fest is the biggest waste of time &amp; money I've ever seen "are country"(little england) take part in. I really hope that only leave voters will have to suffer the consequences of this mess but, infuriatingly, we all will. Scotland does not want any of this shite.
Nonsense. Simply nonsense. The idea that what May is offering us is the best Brexit we could have ever got is simply dishonest and downright ill informed. She is a remainer at heart and a weak negotiator. The problem is not the concept of Brexit, it’s the way it’s been done.
Listening to deftly kick aside male MPs on the left and right in Parliament is sheer pleasure. #Brexit #TheresaMay
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Damon Albarn and Paul Simonon on ‘Merrie Land’ and Brexit via
The requirement is enshrined in law in the EU Withdrawal Act having been conceded by the Govt largely a due to pressure from MPs who opposed Brexit
At first sight, forgetting the spin, this deal does seems to meet most of issues that were key at Brexit. Yes it does rely on the EU not screwing us on our future relationship deal but the words sound okay.
Yup. There only ever 3 outcomes.
So say the miserable toads that work for and who played a handmaids role in #brexit. Great outcome guys.
Let's just accept we are far off better just staying as we are. Brexit in any form is a car crash. No second vote just apologies and as we were ...
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Can I ask what would Theresa May and government be doing if it wasn't for Brexit? Has everything else stopped for Brexit?
Generations to come will not forgive us. It is time for a second referendum | Michael Heseltine #Brexit
In part because some of them are small fry in terms of international trade. If we're talking about Canada, India etc those trade deals took 5-7 years to complete, I have a lot of problems with Brexit but my main one was triggering article 50 was stupid. we didn't need to do it.
Bogdanor has a stellar reputation and if he thinks a #PeoplesVote is likely that's a pretty big deal. We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
But the only party committed to a true Brexit for a sovereign Britain. The tories are delivering colony status BRINO
He is a businessman. America will support the British people &amp; their move for Brexit. The current UK Government has nothing we want.
The answer to the riddle is that no deal = no Brexit. No need to tie your self in knots Pete. No need to keep creating convoluted arguments based as to why throwing away the fruits of 300 years of national effort and achievement is a good idea. It's not. It never was.
IMO she's doing a service by bringing up the issue. Democratic leaders need to discuss the topic and not bury their heads in the sand as right wing parties grow and grow and grow. It has to be discussed: Brexit, bannon, trump, orban, Pis, Austria far right uses the issue
Jacob you really mean she is telling lies
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News As a leader Ms May should have predicted all these - her performance has been poor.
Lance the boil &amp; get rid - #ArleneFoster is right - we're just wasting time while she hangs around with her useless 'deal' #Brexit
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
Brexit deal uncertainty
Brexit a disaster? So sayeth a heathen who believes in the disastrous Big Bang Cult .
Correction: Brexit is an English project. Scotland/NI don't want it.
Not bad!
How can Spain possibly claim sovereignty over Gibraltar?! Regardless of the geography, it's people that matter. The people are British citizens and very proud of it! #Brexit #Spain
Sky News: Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar. via
Universities and colleges unite to fight Brexit
Brexit was democraticly voted by the people of the UK they already repudiated the treaty, it's no longer the law on the land. The civil servants and MPs need to finish the exit unconditionaly. Democracy delayed is democracy denied.
Brexit will happen. People will suffer. Labour will marginally win the next General Election. Things will start to get slightly better. People with enough will get bitter about people with less being seen to be given 'extra'. Conservatives will return to power. Etc
Premier League opposes FA’s Brexit plans for more ‘homegrown’ players.
. gets it all wrong with the tenacity of a bulldog and the imagination of a bullfrog
Turkey, who are in a customs union with the EU, have a wonderful time on the EU border, with 30 hour tailbacks to await customs checks.
It'll be united by english nationalists and not by irish nationalists and it'll be the island of Britain that'll have two jurisdictions after the Scottish vote for independence following this brexit mess ! Leave the English to themselves as that's clearly what they want ..
Exactly. You only have see this from the outside-in to appreciate how ridiculous we are.
Utter bollocks
Theresa May refuses to say her deal is better than staying in EU, during live radio phone-in | The Independent
Unbelievable Labour lies! Diane Abbott: "Leave would win again if a fresh referendum was held on Brexit."
#PeoplesVote How it's done THE MECHANICS OF A FURTHER REFERENDUM ON BREXIT (Should really be entitled .... Referendum on EU Membership - the result can be #REMAIN)
But privatisation of the #NHS is just a conspiracy theory isn't it? That'll be why it's one of those #ThingsYouWontHearOnTheBBC
Feel like I'm wasting my time watching/listening to the "news" these days. Making dinner earlier today, I put on R4's "PM" programme (as I usually do). Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, with the P.M. seemingly trying to speak to the nation via the airwaves&gt;
The government in Madrid has insisted it will not allow the disputed territory of Gibraltar to be affected by agreements made in the #Brexit talks between the UK and Brussels without its consent.
It’t time for Gibraltar it became another one independent state of...EU!
Brexit secretary was exactly that a Secretary. Take notes and be there for the boss who was a remainer. I think you're giving the role of brexit secretary too much importance.
You really should stay off #twitter until you can confirm that your letter is in. Grow some. #Brexit #VoteDownTheDeal #MayOut
This is what we'll be hearing about America when Trump is out of office.
*Sigh*
Farage lost the plot long ago. So intimate with Trump that he can Nick longer distinguish reality, or right from wrong.
A worthwhile thread, showing how contemptible the leading exponents of brexit are. We need to defeat this failed, putrid ideology in the name of decency #PeoplesVote #WeDeserveBetter #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit
Exactly
So tying us into the EU regulatory framework, unable to leave without EU consent, unable to actually enact free trade deals, selling out our fishing waters, paying £39bn plus any extra time in and hoping to get a nice trade deal at the end of it...have I missed anything?
. (dog). vs (Donkey). #Brexit #Gibraltar
#Newsnight UK establishment have colluded behind the scenes all the way along with the EU &amp; with the approval of Washington DC swamp:
well, Brexit isn't some issue to take off the table. Like I said, it;s not like building a new motorway.
Duh! Some have already left. Those who can are making preparations. Why stay where you're not welcome? #BrexitBritain #xenophobia #middleclassracism
EU steps up preparations for euro clearing in 'no deal' Brexit
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
Death to Brexit, let it lie in a ditch and rot in the air.
Leave would win again if a second Brexit referendum was held, says Labour MP Diane Abbott Shadow Home Secretary says MPs calling for public to be given final say should be careful what they wish for
BBC Scotland engage in damage limitation to protect Scottish Tories as May%e2%80%99s fishing betrayal is revealed via
Are you saying the official campaign chiefs weren’t in charge of the Leave campaign? Then who was? There were plenty of pledges made: Brexit will have no downsides; the UK would owe no money to the EU; a raft of new trade deals would be ready on 29 March; etc.; etc.; etc.
How to explain that the paranoid mental meanderings of a quarter-wit like #Farage took root in a population who, beaten down by years of austerity &amp; being overlooked by Govnt took the bait &amp; gave MPs a bloody nose. Even the name #Brexit is an embarrassment. #PeoplesVote
Just look at Brexit All the politicians have done is try to score points off each other, they don’t give a shit about the electorate that voted Brexit I voted to LEAVE that was on the ballot form, not a a fucking deal
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence who would think that? #corrupt
One for . Can we have some Brexit related trolley problems please?
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit | The Spectator
How will she know whether people support her appeal, so many MPs have already stated their views, she will just have to ask us directly with #PeoplesVote
According to May Europeans will be treated like workers from the rest of the world. I don't see any other way. In a way it will be funny that Chelsea fans voted brexit and all 50+ young european player will be refused a work permit when their loans are up next summer.
What about the 48 million people in this country that did not vote for #Brexit? Forgot about us?
Brexit news: British fishermen FURY at Theresa May for 'capitulating' to EU | UK | News |
no deal best option now..lets move on and get things under way....BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
UK / GUN OWNERSHIP CONTROL REFORMS REJECTED:
Yelkand is suddenly a Liberal like Stig Abell. They loved and promoted the Sun’s anti-Europe, pro-Brexit line when they were there though.
OK, so this video was shit....but still not sure what they're trying to achieve that wouldn't be possible in the EU, or why they think the EU might be "scared" of a Socialist UK government when many EU governments are Socialist in nature. Basically just fake news for Leftists....
When Abbott says something it's usually wrong
Bank of France governor pushes Paris as post-Brexit clearing hub via
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar what a twat!
Ok. So just in case there was any doubt, Corbyn doesn’t support the #peoplesvote
why would you do this to our country, how can you convince yourself that this is acceptable?!
From the back benches. Yeah , well thought through Rodney
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
What Spain wants is to force the people of Gibraltar to choose between UK and EU, which is wrong. They don’t want to make that choice. So getting the Brexit deal that’s on the table done is important to all sides. Hard Brexit is bad for all.
A fine spin we are in...
CBI leaks reveal what bosses say in public on PM's Brexit is not what they believe
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
No it's not. No Brexit is. Even failing that, the government withdrawing it's ridiculous and immoral red line on Free Movement and remaining in the Single Market is better - protecting our service businesses and jobs.
Spain bars May’s way to Brussels Brexit deal #news
The EU is not good with economics and the Euro has destroyed the ability of nations to determine their individual finances.
Under the proposed withdrawal agreement we will not have the right to leave the customs union unless the other 27 member states say it’s ok.
May's deal is, but that's because it's not Brexit it's Brino. Of course a proper #cleanbrexit will give us control because we'll be out of everything. So stop your Remainer drivel.
Debunked: 40 Reasons to Back the Brexit Deal – #StandUp4Brexit
Vote against her deal have a no confidence vote and vote in a brexit PM with a clear vision of a leave Brexit. No Deal!!
That number will increase to many millions when you get Jeremy's Brexit. Enjoy.
Diane Abbott's has been on her crazy abacus again. She really needs to know how to read polls / add up / tell the truth / Diane Abbott says Britain would vote for Brexit again if second EU referendum were held tomorrow via
Never in the field of political chicanery has so much been promised and so little delivered. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Political mindfulness. Top marks.
Fingers on temples. I’m getting Brexit, something about taking back control. Bloody foreigners, coming over here, correcting my grammar.
He told front bench to abstain on EEA vote. Not a very pro EU move.
#BackTheBrexitDeal Mrs. May you have my up most respect for your efforts in the #brexit negotions. I am not judging you. Just in awe of your resolve and determination! Respect.
No brexit? More emotional blackmail ...no deal please.
The latest YUJI's TIMES! #brexit #oil
#Brexit Centralisation, Globalisation, Corporate legislation Has left many with nothing to lose.
'The hope that during the transitional period the EU will strive to conclude a “deep and special” partnership with the UK is a delusion. The EU does not want an agreement; it wants to thwart Brexit.'
Africa’s overlooked business revolution via #brexit will allows the U.K to contribute towards the world it hopes to create.
Lovely, NASA sharing images of the black hole #Brexit is whizzing us into! #PeoplesVote
Your argument against a second referendum (which I was previously against), was based on the risk of a no deal Brexit (which all sensible people agree is dangerous). Why not post the question as Ratify or Remain?
Mmmmmm, typical hey??? Actually, I'm actually a floating voter. I used to be Labour then Tory, then UKIP and then voted Tory at the last election for Brexit reasons, so dear chap, you're slightly wrong!
Good, crack on mate, no deal it is
whats the panic100 MPs for this 300 against an exit germany will give an extension and the next election with be fought on Brexit lets hope Labour party have sorted themselves out.
#EU Struggles to Agree on Gibraltar Before #Brexit #Summit
Democracy is an ongoing process. It is not one person, one vote, one time. Now we have May's deal, we know what Brexit actually is. So let's vote on fact, not fantasy.
Your movement is a strange one. Scattergun approach to attacks no ojectives or planned approach &amp; blame Labour mostly Corbyn for Brexit. When it is a Tory botched vanity project.
My contribution to the debate over Brexit and Theresa May on #BrexitLoveStory this week
EU making plans for British residents if the Brexit deal falls through.
That's 'balanced' reporting for you.
We deserve better than an European brexit! Lobby your MP to vote for a wooden brexit!
brexit?? more like exit.
I say Damon Albarn should be president of the universe. (interview via )
We’re gonna need to open a bookies post brexit
She looks tired and unwell. Focus on the car crash of #Brexit and not what she looks like please
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out
#Brexit fact of the day: “More than 50% of fish caught by British boats end up elsewhere in the eu.” No deal? No fish sales. Let’s vote on the facts. #PeoplesVote
Matthew Stadlen...Remain Matt Frei ...Remain Don't forget the guests &amp; political correspondents who are antiTrump &amp; anti Brexit. Also many presenters Block &amp; Cut Off uncomfortable truths. LBC radio station also Blocks. Even BBC doesn't do that.
Japan Inc. fears a 'no-deal Brexit' and harm to Europe operations
When we get up from the siesta, we'll take care of the English slag. If it is true that you leave Europe and we do not see you again here, stay the shit of Gibraltar, only the monkeys are the most intelligent of the rock.
Remainers are in control Alan. Obviously Brexit is being Kiboshed.
Ep. 185: Flim-Flam Fire Man and Brexit Mama Bear on May's Brexit agreement Cabinet implosion/mutiny, midterm vote counts continue, Orange County is the new Blue &amp; Trump rakes California wildfires fires while the world skewers him &amp; more
#TheresaMay warns that it's too late to re-negotiate a better #Brexit deal
I'm pretty disgusted with this comment from Dan Hodges. I've long viewed him as a second-rate commentator not just saying this at this time. I really believed it and still do.
He said exactly the same when asked, 'hand-on-heart...' for the benefits we'd feel from Brexit, on Channel 4 News last night as well. Plus the poor lad looks *ill*.
Dominic Raab says Theresa May's Brexit plan is worse than EU membership
hurry up and find another cast in stone mandate to stop Brexit , you keep finding them in the kitchen drawer etc or a mandate to stop a referendum , we are waiting or is it all pee pee talk ?
He’s probably ready to retire, so what does he care of integrity
Mark, we can stop Brexit. Just don’t give up or give in. The task is too big to fail. #PeoplesVote
Brexit?
Understood. Brexit will add at least a few more million into that state. Why wouldn’t we want to prevent that??
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
I checked that account- Corbyn not mentioned. Then I checked yours and found just 3 tweets when I searched for Corbyn Not too bad but a little disobliging
A call to arms for all Suffolk-based anti-Brexit tweeters. The Suffolk EU Alliance needs you! We're looking for willing foot soldiers to help with leafeting, street stalls, canvassing, etc. Please sign up here:
Mps are already working on a mechanism to stop brexit. They hate Mays deal. Trouble is most hate No deal even more. Tories wont have a 2nd refdum because its undemocratic. They won't risk a GE. So they need a way out and will look for a way to kick brexit in to the long grass.
And it also doesn't mention that on average trucks are sat waiting to load for some 45 mins. It is entirely choice if HMRC as to how many &amp; how frequently trucks are checked. Ditto the French #brexit
Interesting bedfellows for the unions: UFU, NI Business,CBI, Irish Govt, Express, Mail, 2 Lib Dem’s.
He put nearly as much into that as you did knifing Brexit!!
Knighthoods should not be given out like this they should be given for valour of mind body and soul.
We cannot support Brexit deal as it stands, says DUP leader #europenews
Interesting thread here about rapid rebuttal social media activism. Anyone doing this sort of thing for #ScotRef #IndyRef #Scotland ?
As the Brexit crisis deepens, UKIP has gone to war. With itself.
It’s about time Gibraltar it became another independent state (country!) within...EU!...
Cool enough with Brexit to be honest ... democratic decision ! ... all ya have to do is piss off out of Ireland entirely and it’s all kushty ! Be good neighbors and friends .. stop being a pain in the hole and come visit anytime... cheers !
She lost your lead in the house, she is backed by pro brexit UDP Everyone knows her deal is a turd but none of you will move on her.If this is the deal we get then your party is finished.We did not fight for decades to be let down by her at the end.
Fair point, well made
Don’t believe those MEP AFTER WHAT YOU SAY ABOUT NIGEL FARAGE ,, you Screwball O’Brien
Exactly, ignoring climate change and climate refugees is ignorant
Hard Brexit would cost Irish economy €18 Billions
She does not understand the issues that underpinned Brexit, only her own failings at Home Office
Post-Brexit software support required for SMEs
Austerity ideologically driven. Didn’t see tories winging when Osbourne spent millions on things like football coaching in China to try and drum up business. Come the dreaded #Brexit tories will still subsidise farming. How much does opera in London get. Promote #NorthEast
Back in the New Year though I understand....more Soul shenanigans to help us through this Brexit madness!!!!
And this is what they said pre ref in 2016 Thousands of workers ‘will face the sack if UK crashes out of EU’ Complete and utter dogshit article. Someone must be able to stop the msm from printing copying his shit!
Theresa May refuses to say her deal is better than staying in EU
Well know that’s not true, Trump got them to change their position on tariffs in one week! That is real politics. So far Mays Brexit has been badly handled, but we are heading towards real politics. We will see what happens but fear is to be ignored at all times
What’s Brexit, Sussanah, apart from not this?
Oh, I think most of us are willing to risk that, Nige.
Farage created the monstrosity that is UKIP, set it sailing on a course of bigotry, hate and suspicion, then jumps ship to make himself a few quid. He's probably getting twitchy over upcoming investigations and wants to present himself as a moderate. We know better.
You have spent more time speaking to constituents in #GuyOpperman's area than he has! Brexit will devastate many local businesses in #Northumberland. He is cancelling meetings with biz owners to discuss Brexit.
Can we get some kind of #blackfriday deal on #Brexit? Maybe if you can't deliver it we can just put it on our santa list... That will go right next to the pony I always wanted and affordable housing in the south east... #bollockstobrexit
A Christmas number 1?
The latest The Samantha Jameson Daily! #qanon #brexit
The EU does not want a deal. This anti-democratic empire wants to crush Brexit via
Slightly dramatic
This isn't going to make you feel any better, but I have to say, as a Brit, your media is nowhere near as silently complicit in Trump's treason as the vast majority of the press has been with Brexit over here. The BBC is dead. I'm an MSNBC refugee and very grateful for it.
In other words, you need to boil the frogs alive slowly...
#Brexit #PeoplesVote How it's done THE MECHANICS OF A FURTHER REFERENDUM ON BREXIT … (Should really be entitled, .... Further Referendum on EU Membership - the result can be #REMAIN)
Making UKIP even more irrelevant, Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote
So we can expect the same number of EU migrants after brexit? It seems that you are the only one who knows that fact. Perhaps you should advise MPs and the PM because they seem to be under the impression that brexit will stop freedom of movement.
If we had a second referendum and Leave won again, we’d be in a much better place than we’ll be in if #Brexit is forced through with Remainers feeling that the first referendum won illegally and the polls saying consistently that we’ve changed our minds. #PeoplesVote
The "baby boomers" that you've maligned so regularly, have as do most people (regardless of generation) have different opinions on both Trump and Brexit. These two topics don't define a group, you either support them (irrelevant of age) or you don't. Good bye, you learn one day
I see you, Jeremy Corbyn
Bonus question for 10. Let's say we No Deal at the end of this. Who's got the recovery plan? Is it going to be the zero tariff minimum regs dream of a lot of Brexiters, or the well paid jobs, green Brexit that Gove was on about?
You can have Brexit or realism, not both
I don't even see how Remainers could back this deal! It's that bad!
This has been a rollercoaster of a year. I can't wait for all this to reach a definitive conclusion.
Both campaigns, Leave &amp; Remain (as a threat), said we'd be out; Remain even said we wouldn't get a deal. On 23/6/16 we voted to fully Leave, not 1/2 Leave, not May's BRINO. We've voted to Leave, so Remain no longer an option. Only valid question is No Deal Brexit or May's BRINO.
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
#reesmoggcannotorganise Brexit.
A very comprehensive analysis
Fight Brexit Pro Europe
What brexit?
We’re heading for a #second #referendum – and maybe a #third | Vernon Bogdanor
But there is no way to stop brexit right now. May is never going to agree to PV.
If you’re a Business Analyst in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
UKGOV TREASON TRAITORS 2 QUEEN &amp; COUNTRY HER MAJESTY ASKED BANK ROTHSCHILD ON THE MALL DIDN'T THEY SEE COLLAPSE COMING COMPLACENCY DELIBERATE CAMERON BLAIR SNP THE PLOT UK SELL OFF NO SOVEREIGNTY WAR MONGERERS SILICON BLAIR BREXIT SCAM STASI
What a joke brexit
Make sure you end fast or we'll just defeat you when you are having five o'clock tea :)
Euro set for biggest weekly drop in a month on PMI data, oil fall -
Listen to the people!
Good to see you interest in children takes preciseness over the Brexit mess.
It's ironic as we reach the critical stage in the #Brexit saga, rather than be relevent, #UKIP hurl themselves round the u-bend into the sewer by recruiting two-bit fascist Steven Yaxley-Lennon.
Crowdfunder season comes around earlier every year. Those Playstations don't pay for themselves
'What didn't you understand about Leave the first time?' Well, basically everything because everyone had their own version of Brexit and now can't agree what it means. How can that be 'understood'? Diane on typically stirring form, here.
#Brexit backing monb gets #SajidJavid abandons plans to ban .50-calibre military-grade guns while we lose kids to crime everyday. TORIES HAVE LOST THE PLOT.
No more lazy Brexit box pops please #media. Just please.
It's not just Brexit we're looking to get rid of this lot for...
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says | The Independent
Better even, cancel the whole affair!
They’re all dead &amp; eaten! But don’t worry, if that bitch even thinks of giving away something of mine she will be sorry. She can just stick with giving away your stuff!
Keep pushing. We can turn this around. #BollocksToBrexit
Boris is making some final adjustments before Theresa May announces the final #Brexit deal.
Fantastic spin, but as always no substance. Brexit only offers the already rich, old ‘guard’ more money. The working class will as always foot the bill. It astounds me that anyone working class would vote for this.
I did. Your statement was very clear. As for Brexit you folks in the UK are delusional about how this is going to go. There is no reason for EU to be nice to you and lots of reasons not to be. Your perception of the UK’s power does not accord with reality.
Because you and your fellow clowns made stuff up and did no research. If it wasn’t so serious, Steve, it would be hilarious. Now, own your shit, admit you’re wrong, and scrap Brexit before you do any more damage. Thanks.
If we had a second referendum and Leave won again, we’d be in a much better place than we’ll be in if #Brexit is forced through with Remainers feeling that the first referendum was won illegally and the polls saying consistently that we’ve changed our minds. #PeoplesVote
I don't have a problem economically with a no deal Brexit. Prof Minford's model looks perfectly reasonable to me. Will create some problems with future EU relationship, which are unfortunate and could have been handled better. Leads to full restoration of sovereignty, so not bad
If only. His destructive lies deserve it.
Pretty sure his Pinocchio nose poked out of the bloody screen at me, there. *applauds* Cracking interview, !
Daniel Sturridge couldn’t be less brexit if he tried mate.
Oh dear , we will survive don't you worry ! we need new politics and politicians who work for the people and not the corporate
He should concentrate on #Brexit not turning #UKIP into the British National Party. He even managed to get the date of the protest wrong on the news clip. He’s incompetent.
...maybe snobbery prevents him from looking into Tommy's message? Nigel is middle class -although he seemed to resonate with ordinary people, somehow it seems he doesn't quite understand us -today on LBC he spoke of 'thugs' at the Dec 9th Brexit rally -very insulting...
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
Brexit.
I'm a remainer, I've got friends who voted leave and I understand why. What's more: this twat used to be my pm. He's a billboard for brexit. The EU is deeply flawed, but the common market is a good thing. Problem is that an economic union can't be turned into a political one
It occurs to me that she REALLY doesn’t listen. Watch that phone in today! She genuinely thinks she is answering questions but she isn’t. She is just not hearing.
The #SERFsUP #Patriot Press is out! Top Stories via #trump #brexit
Oh do let's hope so. Although he's spelt farce incorrectly.
That went well then. #Brexit #Poll
#brexit was never the answer to taking back control of your country money or laws ? if the people of #Britain wanted that then they should have started by taking back control of you MPs &amp; the cost waste &amp; frauds of your public money first ?
Can anyone explain what Corbyn's Brexit is?
He looks as delusional as she does
Here we go..
This should be stopped right away , there should be none given out until all is sorted or the brexit is stopped CORRUPT TO THE CORE
#theMashReport explaining #brexit makes absolute sense
A Sociopath would say that...
French Ports Authorities in Dublin a day encouraging new links to prioritise Irish trade from French ports post Brexit. Irish Ferry Company to acquire new super ferries with optimum capacity and faster speed to bypass Holyhead. French very much urging Ireland to act NOW
Nice one What worries me more is that his brand of lunacy spreads so much further than the hardcore crowd of cunts. It’s fucking scary, brexit seems to have pushed a lot of liberals in that direction too, it’s all coming oot!
The vote to leave was the humiliation, everything that follows is the steam on the turd.
Level of UK benefits inadequate, says Council of Europe … …&gt;Theresa May bows to EU pressure to keep UK in human rights convention after Brexit, enraging Tory right … … …&gt;
A chicken can’t afford an umbrella? Damn Brexit
Jim al Brexit
Just what I wanted to hear. Who'd have thought would make my day!
Bloody fear-mongering. What ever next...they’ll tell us the earth is round?
Every day a new low. I'd rather punch myself in the face than look at most of the headlines these days.
Biggest spanner in works is May having chosen the head of Border Delivery Group &amp; her staff working with Dover &amp; Eurotunnel to frustrate progress #brexit Helping private co's protect their monopoly &amp; give #remain more arguing points.
No more lazy Brexit vox pops please #media. Just please.
Brexit Fun. Don't be shy, Who would you have sex with to Guarantee proper #brexit
Btw I tought a class on JIT today, not my usual field, but I can do it if pushed. Anyone in the Brexit camp attended such a thing?
Listening to what the Spanish PM makes me realise just how much the country is now going to get screwed all around the world.
That’s not because of Brexit. It’s because of the utter failure of the government. This argument is incredibly disingenuous.
I have long since passed the stage where I actually give a fuck about #Brexit anymore. I've still got my natural cool and my quietly brilliant personality. .. and the occasional chianti .. and of course I've still got #TheFall Nobody can take away The fucking Fall, man.
How shall be the laws for foreigners or imigrants who want to live in UK after Brexit?
BREXIT: Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote #Brexit #TheresaMay #Cap #Euroscepticism #Tory
I agree. British people are tired from this mess. The British people want this to be settled. They want a good deal that sets us on course for a brighter future. Means we want you to cancel A50 and stop Brexit. Literally no-one supports your fudge.
There is no requirement for us to pay if we leave with no deal. Trade deals have been negotiated, but we can't implement until we are out of the CU. The leave campaign were campaigning based upon what they would do if we voted brexit and they were in charge. We got a remainer.
Do you know if EU travel will require visas post Brexit? haven't kept up
Half a Spanish could beat you, again
I blame Brexit
Vote Leave loses legal challenge over Brexit spending breach
I am absolutely stunned to find that we ship in bees from the continent, found out about it recently in connection vegan crops. I'm learning a lot fighting Brexit
I still don't see how this deal passes the House of Commons. Theresa May's threats aren't changing many minds.
Back in the day when Arab was at his happier #DominicRaab #Brexit
Britain is so screwed.
It is your fault along with other Tory Remainer, You have encouraged May to betray Brexit. We cannot believe how you all plotted against a proper Brexit. I am a member, a Tory voter of 40 years. I find myself without a party. I have cancelled my subscription. Not voting for Liars
Too late. You had your chance and you blew it, unless it goes to a no deal and that's what you call a proper Brexit
Theresa May could win a slice of British ethnic minority vote with tough Brexit immigration line – what my research reveals
He should concentrate on #Brexit not turning #UKIP into the British National Party. He even managed to get the date of the protest wrong on the news clip. He’s incompetent.
Sack of shit !
Hear hear!
I'm sure if there was a vote tomorrow, the vast majority of the country would scrap Brexit and go back to being part of Europe.
I don’t think we have the same humour. Must be a British thing. #brexit
Oh shit
Gibraltar : Tiny, rocky outcrop risks derailing Brexit deal via
No one can get into such a predicament by accident. What I'm saying is May is no Idiot
Twitter can still be what it used to be pre-Brexit, fun and informative.
Scotland vote against Brexit, sooo bye bye Scotland. Catalonia will never will independent, sorry :(
pretty much sums it all up..
Plans for dividing Scotland after Second Brexit (2022-25)
It's SO frustrating - it's just the plain truth about the #EU. But all these starry-eyed Remainers so want their fantasy of a kind and benevolent EU to be true, they ignore all evidence to the contrary. They're wilfully blind. Britain MUST #Brexit now
Arlene Foster has said as the DUP's Conference opens that even if Theresa May wins the Parliamentary vote on the sell-out deal, the DUP would be forced to consider pulling the plug on the government. Read More: #DUP #brexit
Arlene Foster has said as the DUP's Conference opens that even if Theresa May wins the Parliamentary vote on the sell-out deal, the DUP would be forced to consider pulling the plug on the government. Read More: #DUP #brexit
Have you resigned ?
So If you ate so concerned about UK food producers why did you fraternize with the TPA/IEA who represent the interests of US beef producers? A shame for Scottish beef producers.
No, Spain Cannot 'Veto Brexit' via
nevur bean a fan off her myslef i wil giv her a brexit piledrivur necst time I see her
Harry Redknapp for Prime Minister, he will sort out brexit in a few days.
Oh dear. Having a break? Does she actually do any work?
So whilst we remain silent on the ongoing breaches of Rights &amp; constitutional guarantees of #Catalunya by #spain, Catalans support Britain and the EU efforts! The shameful irony!
Our British friends we communicate with every day in London suburbs, are very happy about Brexit. They would never change their mind, college educated, not hicks. I think in America, we should let Londoners do as they do, and we should mind our own business. It's their country!
Dublin is just like the city of London .. full of tax dodging wankers ... but I hope Brexit works out .. the simple solution is Irish unification... and everyone is happy apart from the flat earthers in the DUPn.. but fuck them .. plonk them in a pacific island nuclear test site
We have Kettlegate. Existing Dualit kettle not fit for purpose. OH agonising over replacement. I suggest 'interim kettle' option. Feels a bit Brexit like tbh...
Don’t you dare!
Your a sham of an MP you stood on a stage shouting for brexit, and now so far up Theresa mays ass, your a disgrace
Now she’s talking about the brexit vote #MetLife
Owen Smith. 36 seconds.. #owensmith #newlabour #satire #TonyBlair #blairite #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitShambles #brexit #legacy 16
Today Theresa May turned 5 Live Radio into 5 LIE RADIO ! The legal text of her #BrexitAgreement is the opposite of what she is claiming. The 26 page Political Declaration has no legal standing. None of it delivers on the referendum result. Her deal is a Brexit conspiracy.
The Brexit debate gave me a fair bit of sympathy for nationalists even though I'm still quite a globalist myself.
Fair enough if that's your belief but I simply don't see why/how that's relevant in regards to Brexit. You believe that there's some big conspiracy involving EU banks? I just don't see what your point is. At the end of the day neither of us can do anything about Brexit.
With all the dead leave voters that succumbed to natural causes and younger voters coming into the mix seeing what a mess Brexit is. Not a chance.
No. . No foriegners allowed. But as you mention it Brexit actually happening is 50/50 for me.
Funny you can't discuss Brexit without the silly names though. You realise that that's all people see.
Quite likely #brexit
#Spain bars #May's way to #Brussels Brexit deal
Tiny Gibraltar risks derailing deal as clock ticks down on Brexit - France 24
This is not #brexit . She's telling lies.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Calculating The #Brexit Arithmetic - NPR
Yeah - an undiluted bullshit generating island off the coast would be just terrifying… what utter nonsense… The UK will be in a race to the bottom - Brexit will redistribute all it’s wealth... to the rest of the world
EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News ... via
All I am saying is that the Brexit vote was legit and now it takes time to get things organized in a new order. THAT takes time, time of decision making and adjustment, just like all other major issues of the past needed time for adjustment.
Who do they represent? Labour members?
in the bathroom and can hear esteban whispering to my ipad’s siri ‘can you speak french?’ ... ‘what do you think about brexit?’ ... ‘what do you think about apple?’ hahahaha wtf
The negotiation ship has sailed, the mess has been made + the only sane course is to #ExitBrexit to protect the people of this country from a crazy extremist policy (Brexit) proven to hurt them if it happens in any form. If you really do care for them, #StopBrexitSaveBritain now.
Huge tactical voting campaign- people voting Labour to reduce Tory majority- it was a huge effort to stop Brexit. At that time many people believed Corbyn was playing a long game and would eventually play an EU supporting hand.
Thousands are joining this massive open letter to MPs to give the people a final say on #Brexit -- add your name!
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
I will get us what we need to complete this mission! I got BREXIT, I got Trump and I WILL manage we get full support! ASAP. Were not going to allow Germany and France to put the world at risk again.
EU, UK 'agree' draft deal on relationship after Brexit, await summit approval - France 24
Threatening Brexit 'veto,' Spain demands written commitment from UK on Gibraltar via
Vince Cable may or may not be Zaphod Beeblebrox
A legal international agreement like surrender documents at end of wars. Betrayal is what it is
When will Treason May get the message and pack her bags? I’m sure she must have enough tucked away to buy a tidy gaff in Brussels &amp; if she moves now she would not have to worry about being kicked out after Brexit!
I’d rather face the world via the EU where you have a ton of countries on your side (as Ireland’s power over Brexit shows) and you have a veto then be powerless and constantly saddled with the awful govts and decisions England want and impose on us
The best deal we can realistically hope to negotiate on leaving the EU is far worse than the one we currently have (surprise surprise), should we not just accept humble pie? A ‘hard Brexit’ was never going to happen. 27 others in this family that we fought so hard to join in 1973
Sterling work on Newsnight admitting the country is riven. That post-ref division has been exacerbated by May's hubris and her failure to achieve any cross-party cooperation BEFORE triggering Art 50. Brexit will be a Tory-made disaster if it proceeds.
That's a very naive &amp; worrying perspective for the prime minister of the UK 2 have ? Though u r completely right Tim . Brexit is a wide spectrum process , surely it's whole mantra comes under the banner of sovereignty ? She clearly shouldn't have declared Brexit means Brexit ?
Irony of this video, text on video is clear but background is blurred, that’s sums up #Brexit... looks rosy on paper, but in reality its blurred #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVote
Sorry we the British People were being set up for not a Bad deal, for #Remain since may was Installed, The Establishment think now they have worn us down enough to Piss on the People, "Its Not Enough to do Ones Best, Sometimes WE have to do what is Required. Mr C
Britons will be able to travel as freely as Americans, Canadians and others, after Brexit. Don’t panic. #BBCpapers
I wish I could write like this. Wonderful.
Maybe they're just tired of being faced with what they see as shitty options.
Oh, I see. Brexit, Genital mutilation, most of the worlds ills. Must be all Labours fault. Yawn.
They are only showing their true colours previously disguised as one issue party for #Brexit
Oh, Lord, the latest incarnation of Timothy and Hill. Please God, they do a better job!
#nigelfarage We need a No Deal Brexit - No to Europe, no to fishing in our waters, No to Spanish Gibraltar, no divorce settlement
Brexit as culture war. The govt conceded to Leavers on this one despite having Labour support.
May under pressure from fishing communities over Brexit deal – ‘She's an idiot or a liar'
Both of them like the rest are only there to give impression we have a say we don't.This deal is not what we voted for. It is the deal the EU want us to have for our cheek in thinking we are a modern democracy.We have never needed a deal or EU's permission.
This is why brexit is happening
Your best start to rebuilding the economy is to oppose Brexit &amp; support a #PeoplesVote That way you'll have an economy to rebuild If you weren't carefully selecting the people you talk to you'd know this
All Tory men do .
Spain: Brexit EU summit could be called off over Gibraltar
if this isn't buying votes I don't know what is #brexit
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
France preparing additional sea ports for Irish freight traffic after Brexit via
Liam Halligan provides robust support for a Clean Brexit on RTE via
A NO BREXIT is better, and you are obviously not reading the polls because THAT is what the people want. So you are clearly in the ideologically thundercunt moron Corbyn camp and thus blocked.
Your best start to rebuilding the economy is to oppose Brexit &amp; support a #PeoplesVote That way you'll have an economy to rebuild If you weren't carefully selecting the people you talk to you'd know this
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Wrong. No deal happens by automatic operation of international law on 29th March 2019. We need to stop brexit and fix the country, not go ahead with brexit and make everything worse.
Thank goodness for social media, where we can share the truth.
Discussion on bbc tonight on brexit. Seems “England” is leaving the EU.
Maybe. But they could come up with a fudge of a jobs first brexit and guarantee no no deal or something. It would be coalition agreements that force them into a referendum I’d have thought.
Someone has to be the arsehole in the Brexit pantomime horse
So what happens when this Blind Fudged #BrexitShambles takes us into post #Brexit limbo &amp; any trade negotiations hand control over to each of 27 other EU states &amp; the EU Parl...all with the power of veto? Taking Back Control to Lose Control NOTHING LEFT TO RESPECT #PeoplesVote
You do all know that a Brexit agreement is now impossible. The N.I. border is a distraction. A time waster. Gibraltar hasn't even been mentioned. THAT is the sticking point. Will May give that up?
BEYOND CONTEMPT: Theresa May 2 years of #Brexit lies must be a great joke for the Rich Public Servant criminals. #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews #labour
Spain’s Socialist Prime Minister threatens to ‘veto Brexit’
Makes sense and she is horribly mistaken..
Brexit is going really badly. :)
Sounds good to me #brexit
Why such a big gap in UK between rich &amp; poor? Other #EU countries do not have this. #ToryAusterity #Immigration problems caused by UK gov’ment failure to use #EU 3-month stay regulations. UK now losing businesses, factories which came here for access to EU markets due 2 #Brexit
Well you are a disgrace. Supporting brexit and shouting down anyone who wants a people’s vote with loudmouth pierce Morgan
Why do seem to think that depriving 60m UK citizens of freedom of movement is a good thing? #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #PeoplesVote
Brexit is embarrassing for Britain full stop.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough new demands to lock UK into joint fisheries deal
Gold slips as dollar gains -
If I had a penny for every brexiter blaming anyone but themselves for brexit, I wouldn't have lost nearly as much money as I have because of brexit.
Bang right. Immigration is least of problems. ECJ nightmare not removed
No. My fault. I have t done it. Next week is a good time with all the Brexit assessments coming out.
DUP may 'look again' at confidence and supply with Tories if Brexit deal is approved
Well have to admit I've come across many brexhadis but no one who mixed brexit with Christianity
Sorry Christopher, but your indignation won’t wash. You ignored all Eu citizens in NI throughout Brexit, even if you know, as well as I do, that they keep Moy Park, Foyle Meats.......running. Shame on you to use them now, just for your benefit. I am one of them, HTF dare you?!
Germany should sit this out.
Seldom has British politics been so fraught. All potential scenarios – a deal, no deal and no Brexit – are still possible.
Back in the day when raab was doing what he did best.#DominicRaab #Brexit
Stick to the telly programme Gordon
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Hahahahahahaha Screen it on village greens. Racist nazi. There is no deal! Lying prick.
He’s also a strong supporter of #Brexit Which is what all bigoted scum in the U.K. want.
A boat. And like brexit..all the important stuff hangs on the thwart.
Brexit, as imagined by Hieronymus Bosch
Yes Richard , but sadly not just hopeless, hapless. It will produce nothing sadly. Like Brexit.
And what about the Irish border in the case of a "clean brexit"?
proves the adage that an empty vessel makes the most noise. It wasn't Leo Varadkar who damaged #Brexit. It was braindead fantasists who dived in head first without understanding that to EU retaining their principles was more important than UK leaving
Why disappointed? You’re getting your precious Brexit. It was never going to be as good as what Liar Fox etc claimed. May is a nasty racist, but she’s not wrong that this is the best possible Brexit.
UK must forge 'closest possible' relationship with EU, says OECD
#HumanRights More than 90% of north's charity bosses 'would back withdrawal deal over no deal Brexit' via
Theresa May's Brexit deal is the equivalent of knitted yoghurt, useless, unpalatable, very messy &amp; neither one thing or the other. #GTTO
This degeneracy haunted our screens for much of the 1990s. We were still recovering when Brexit hit.
Absolutely. Problem for her is that she has directly coupled brexit to the validity of her leadership. Yet another unforced error by May. Literally everything she does is an unforced error.
11/12 - damn you China...
Thanks I like also, and like to be free from fascist Spain! Help us please! I’m in favour of #Brexit and of #CataBrexit
Brexit was always going to be a disaster -blame game now begins and apparently it’s all the remainers fault -you couldn’t make it up
Spain accuses UK of treachery over Gibraltar Brexit deal
My word, can you not see the irony in what you just said? So many are shills for the #eu yet you willingly take on board their words. Who funds #peoplesvote ? Who funds #OFOC? Who paid for all those #uk #remain politicians to scuttle to &amp; from #brussels ? #brexit
BEYOND CONTEMPT: Theresa May 2 years of #Brexit lies must be a great joke for the Rich Public Servant criminals #tories #trump #toryparty #ukip #conservatives #christians #qanon #bbcswitchoff #msm #globalists #brexitchaos #altnews #realnews
What if Brexit is just a delayed symptom of mad cow disease that we didnt know we had?
Naughty us, making the prime minister negotiate a shit deal!
This is what clutching at straws looks like. A hundred knighthoods won’t save this Brexit deal which leaves us with year’s of uncertainty and a future far worse than our present!
Timing is perfect, with US on the grip of fascism and the EU preoccupied with the Brexit catastrophe.
Theresa. You are totally deaf to the people who would support you but instead follow people who would harm you. Arrogant, aloof &amp; detached. You still have no idea why normal proud common sense folk voted Brexit. Victory was in your grasp but you threw it away because of Philip.
BACK DOWN OR WE BRING YOU DOWN: DUP Tells May If Brexit Deal Goes Ahead They Will ‘Look Again’ At Confidence Deal via
We trust your judgement far more than our own remainer PM. No matter how they try they will never separate and destroy the link between Northern Ireland and Britain.
Harse on plagues. I think you are more like an e coli 0157 infection. Painful and full of S@%t. #Brexit
“After Brexit we’ll fuck off Spain and go to Krakow, they won’t treat us like the Spanish do” “Yeah, Poland is in the EU too” “Doesn’t matter pal” No words
Now this is very TRUE and he should know
When Scotland finally carves out its own Mt Rushmore on the side of Ben Nevis it’ll only have three heads left to find. Monumental.
It makes ZERO difference what Theresa May says: All anyone will hear are her Lies Lies Lies. #BinTheBackstop #DumpMayNow #StandUp4Brexit
Brexit prompts its first Irish TV licence application via
It's the British Dream!
It’s all happening in NI. First Hammond, Fox, now Gibraltar, tomorrow Boris. Brexit bonanza. Most significant DUP party conference in their history.
This week’s column is from Brussels: In Brussels, Macron and May present two very different visions of Europe
Shami Chakrabarti was fantastic when she visited - the student feedback was excellent. She provided rich analysis of the Brexit deal on the table.
You walking away from front line politics after the referendum did not help did it? Or the fact that that you have gone along with this government's shambolic handling of Brexit for almost two years when you should have banged on and on every day"repeal 1972 Act - no deal needed"
She's not going BB.
. So are you pro Brexit or pro Remain? seems to think the opposite way. Looks like we can trust you as much on this as tuition fees?
The kiss of Judas !
#reesmoggcannotorganise his companies move to Dublin to avoid the catastrophe of Brexit. Oh hang on....
No deal is better than paying the EU 35 BILLION Pounds #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit Invest that money in engineering, science and technology
Brexit
Double agent May (maybe)
Agree with Grace usually but there's no way the Brit Establishment will allow a 'Socialist government' and even if they did, with no plan(s) in place by any of the Leave clowns, Brexit'll be a disaster. That and WTF would anyone on the Left wanna get into bed with the far right?
You lot have really fucked this nation up regardless of the shambles of Brexit
It was stolen land Charlie ffs ...It's doesn't belong to England...just like they stole 6 of the 9 counties of the province of Ulster...but hey full circle on its way...thanx to brexit we will be a nation once again...hopefully Gibraltar and the malvinas will be also.
I completely agree with you. She was installed to deliver a version of "Brexit" (whatever that means) that was least disruptive to business. Which is why the CBI have supported her, I believe. Who pays the piper, calls the tune, as they say.
'We need to have a clear strategy of engagement through the Council of Ministers, seek a bigger role for Britain inside the Commission, try to stem the growth in power of the European Parliament, and work to limit the role of the Court of Justice.'
Theresa May casts doubt over her future if MPs vote down Brexit deal
Those rumours of big Sam allardyce becoming the Ireland gaffer are the first signs of a hard boarder #brexit #LateLateShow #mickmccarthy
The remain option has certainly not gone, and is still the only remain option and the most likely to happen at present. Brexit is dying.
Like so many, when I heard anything about the EU I just tuned out because it was SO BORING. But I am fervently Remain and here's why: Steve Bannon is one of the primary architects of, and cheerleaders for, Brexit, and policy-wise I do not want to be in bed with a neo-facist.
I mean, it’s a crap thing and kills my kids freedom of movement as well as our service industry and trashing our international reputation. But it’s still the best Brexit you’ll get.
I’m sorry but is anyone else loving ‘s scarf?... #brexit #TheresaMay #bbc
It’s still Brexit. If it isn’t Remain, it’s Brexit and Leave voters have caused it.
Move to the EU if you're so scared; most of us who voted for Brexit did so irrespective of the short term hit it **could** have on the economy.
Just make sure all your MPs vote the correct way or you lose your credibility! #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Why Dover can handle a ‘no-deal’ Brexit - julianHjessop
Imagine that...committed Remainer Peston saying that Remainer MPs are increasingly saying the only option is to Remain. What a bunch of clowns you are.
And Brexit...
If this what Brexit Britain looks like, I’m in.
May MUST GO
There will b a border. It just won't b a hard one. So all fine. #Brexit
Frankie why is it called Brexit when it’s really Engxit?
#spain stance over #Brexit is the clearest example yet as to why the #eu just doesn’t work!! Thanks #Spain for showing us exactly why we should be leaving! #brexitmeansbrexit
Would market shock force UK parliament's hand on Brexit? #news #business #social
Good
Totally agree. Also a retired Grandma who knows about the irregularities. The FBI are involved and the Met police. The architects of Brexit are under the spotlight. Why would we do something they advocated?
Yess!!
Still party first, country second !
Brexit: Will Spain's Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock?
Euroclear seeks to continue settling Irish shares even after hard Brexit via
Foreign archers? Serves the cunt right for voting Brexit.
May's Brexit disaster unreported by UK press: Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in WTO projects via
Re #Brexit : RT : My wife's just switched the news off exclaiming "this is too complicated", and resumed writing her aeronautical engineering thesis on 'Improving the Performance of Thermoplastic Composite Structural Joints'. // as referenced by
Brexit news: Theresa May under pressure from fishing communities over deal | Politics | News |
I of course meant post Brexit, as I'm sure you're aware, but keep working on your script. Send it to the BBC they have a monopoly on unfunny contributors these days
Can't wait for #BrexitTrials were all Brexit fraud criminals inlcuding the current PM May will face justice. Yes May supporting Brexit despite knowing it is based on a criminal fraud is called misconduct in a public office.
Gibraltar puts the UK between a Rock and a hard place on Brexit via
She was not my cup of tee, but would she have supported a hard brexit if she new it would cripple the economy?
I do not not normally swear but just this once: #fuckthedeal is warranted.
Sorry Christopher, but your indignation won’t wash. You ignored all Eu citizens in NI throughout Brexit, even if you know, as well as I do, that they keep Moy Park, Foyle Meats.......running. Shame on you to use them now, just for your benefit. You didn’t care last week. Why now?
brexit is great, isn't it?
No doubt tip of the iceberg as smaller companies get the heck out of Brexit Britain. What incalculable damage we are doing to this country
#UK faces 'more division' if #Brexit deal fails: #May
If Corbyn takes a hard remain position he will lose labour’s leave constituencies to UKIP. There is no route to PV. Even if there were, I can’t see remainers winning against the UK tabloids. A Corbyn brexit would be a good compromise rn.
Just see how much worse it gets after Brexit.
If you do nothing else this weekend read this. getting funnier every week
bollocks #newsnight #brexit fuck shit bollocks wank.
Peter Capaldi from Paddington 2 would have def been pro brexit
Who funds #peoplesvote &amp; #OFOC ? #brexit If you don't agree with what she says, challenge it. She really has got the left in a right huff. Imagine if she said something controversial!! #brexit
Yup. One should be wary of the idea there's a 'good election to lose' but even if not no deal, Labour managing any Brexit other than a soft off the shelf EEA/EFTA deal is even more of a minefield than for the Tories. Not unimagineable it destroys the party.
BEYOND CONTEMPT: Theresa May 2 years of #Brexit lies must be a great joke for the Rich Public Servant criminals. #ukparliament #brexit #remain #leave #altnews #realnews #bbcpapers #lockherup
You're talking about "Government" that blew £1Bn of taxpayers' cash to #MayDUP bribe their way back into power. Hardly surprising that she's now buying support for her #Brexit Fudge by dishing out knighthoods.
In the 80s, Labour was the anti-EU party. People like Benn and Foot stood on a Brexit manifesto.
A radio phone in with Theresa May? Let me guess, was the topic "What's Your Favourite Brexit?" #WhatsYourFavouriteBiscuit
will your boys be putting the price of your drugs up after Brexit?
Theresa May refuses to say her deal is better than staying in EU. Also 'Prime minister dodges question on whether she would resign if MPs voted against the agreement'
Theresa May on the latest on Brexit
Foreigners are great (worked all over the world) but not when they are here without skills
I see the Eurosceptic right have started attacking . . . So the BBC must be doing something right! #Brexit
Oh dear I’m afraid I have to block you for an English Union eegit. This is getting so tiresome.
The EU probably will not offer a better #brexit deal, at least not without the removal of red lines relevant to immigration. However, that does not make it a good deal, it is clearly inferior to the status quo and should be rethought. #StopBrexit
Can't be missing the most important meal of the day Sammy #NoBreakfast
May appeals to public to back her Brexit deal. But the people know it is a dog’s dinner that will leave us worse off. So 54% of us and rising now want to #Remain. And 59% and growing want a #PeoplesVote. Write to your MP today to demand a final say.
What would happen if Parliament rejected the Brexit plan?
What do we do about Brexit?
financialtimes this is hilarious! #brexit
Is he on twitter, he has his eye on north sea oil, the greedy miser, time to give to people not your pocket.
Hey, folks.. has anyone heard of a “Corbin’s Brexit”? Must be the “ignore your principles and vote Remain” type
Tory manifesto promised a brexit honouring the referendum
Why should I back the Lib Dems when two of their 12 MPs are backing May's Brexit?
Bloody hell these Remainers are potty
Britain's #Veterans on the road...in winter #TommyRobinson in the ....in suits #Poverty #EndFGM #Brexit #Yemen #Libya
The headline here is suspiciously absent the big talking point in the video... that she won’t say we’re better off outside the EU. This is the PM really dancing... “Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected”
My favourite tweet today. Needed some cheering up after some more bad news on #Brexit
“Free” market? No. They want a no-deal brexit, complete with flouncing out with a great big F. U!!! which will make UK a pariah state. Who will trade with us then? North Korea Russia Syria etc. Do you think they’ll give us a good deal, knowing we have nowhere else to go?
Is one of them?
I am united with you on this.
Good 2 c the left-wing view of Brexit could be. My layman view of how to deal with the economic impact of leaving the EU is mentioned. Invest, build, green energy, R&amp;D... &amp; maybe reduce reliance on City. We're 1 of the richest countries on the planet. Let's start acting like 1
She is so obviously pro EU, she will call an election rather than allow a no deal....she will have no conscience about destroying the country or her party...she is clearly a psychopath and a sociopath.
You tried that once before 99% Gibraltarians don’t want it 52 % want Brexit 100% think you need to clock off and fade away
Wilfully ignorant that the toxic, divisive politics is already here and mainly down to his own party's decision to hold an unnecessary referendum.
Can The Scots Save Britain From A Foolish Decision On Brexit?
Hillary 2020...you , may have a shot...not the 11 year history making term an impeachment and uphill climb could bring. #SpaceForce TBD?
#brexit #uk right now
Arlene. Can you answer Q on following topics.. - RHI an the shocking revelations enquiry - Ian's cash for holidays - Planning applications in family members names - Ignorning wishes of NI brexit vote - Rejecting a great deal for NI economically Thats just for starters..
#Wontvote Tory again
23/11/2018: Read this week’s TV NIGHTS comments on BREXIT and POVERTY in the UK, on the SENTENCING of the British academic in UAE, the new FOREIGN SECRETARY, Britons APPLYING for citizenship in other the EU COUNTRIES, and ...
When a vote is this close, you can screw governments for virtually anything. But best be clean as a whistle, because if the Whips Office have got dirt on you, now is when they put the screws on YOU.
Its Gods fault O Welsh Tory. Fkn Noah couldnt cope. And as for the #BrokenPromises goes hows fkn Brexit goin? #nob
So.. UK wants Eu counties settlement schemes for Brits to be Short, simple and user-friendly Completely, unlike the U.K. #HostileEnvironment settlement scheme for #EUcitizens living here. Fuck your #Brexit deal. Theresa May
A pity you didn’t put as much effort into arguing before Brexit rather than two years after it.
Unite slams May's worthless Brexit promises - what happened to 'frictionless trade'? via
I blame Brexit
Former Brexit secretary Dominic Raab says this deal is 'worse' than staying in the EU
Luckily the Scottish are welcoming and inclusive, one of the few reasons why I’m still here despite a potential Brexit
I actually dreamt about stressfully sneaking across a border into France and back. I think Brexit stealing a freedom we’ve taken for granted is being processed by my subconscious.
Horrible abusive behaviour sanctioned by the xenophobia that drove the Brexit vote, which been a shameful presence in British public life since: “Group of men spat alcohol on teenage boy and told him he had 'skin colour of a dog' on train”
Sturgeon could have been the UK politician to help us chart a way out of the Brexit impasse. |
May's entire stitch up is unacceptable and looks nothing like the total Brexit voted for. #traitor #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #LividTory
Brexit is Brexit. No such thing as a Corbyn brexit .
#MustWatch #brexit :: A voice of reason
No, Carolyn, the best deal is no Brexit. Nothing offered has been close to what we have now. Let's give the people the chance to express their view on the deal and the option to remain. #PeoplesVote #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #FFS
How can Mays deal possibly even go through when under the Act of Settlement &amp; Bill of Rights 1701 It states.. Freedom to be governed by an elected parliament We are not and will not be electing the #EU #Brexit #TheresaMay #BrexitBetrayal
The Brexit Job #MakeAFilmCheap
If you voted for Brexit or Remain, read this article &amp; weep. We voted to leave, not to be shackled to a failing, undemocratic EU project. Need a petition to halt this madness. The PM has lost the plot. Please will someone step up &amp; save the day. Save the UK.
Photography Exhibition 'Britishness – A Spanish Test Case' Offers Topical Backdrop to Brexit Drama
Brexit news: Theresa May declares Brexit ‘within our grasp’ | Politics | News |
Voted Leave or Remain or didn’t vote at all, we all deserve to know what Brexit means for our families, our communities &amp; our country. We deserve to know what each 'deal' will cost us as a country &amp; individually; just how much control we'll be taking back.
the tide is turning!!!
While we're giving platform to those who orchestrated brexit, we are forgetting millions of Brits, Remainers and Brexiters, residing in Britain or immigrants in the EU, who will be paying the price of these people's greed in years to come. Shame on us all for letting them.
Sooo.... let's stay in the EU and end this brexit nightmare. #StopBrexit
My wife thinks I am going.mad with my obsession but I have never been so sure that #Brexit is a disaster than now and 2016.
It doesn't actually matter what the result would be, though I think it there would be a significant #remain majority. A #peoplesvote would settle this issue for a generation now that everyone understands all the issues, don't think that was the case last time, QED #irishborder
Poll: one in five 'private' voters have changed their mind on Brexit
Majority of Brits now against Brexit and back second EU referendum - Sky Data poll
We aren't going to get Brexit. We're going to get some half cocked attempt at remaining dressed up as Brexit and it will be dye to May, the Blairite wing of lab, remoaners whinging and marching every week in London in an attempt to thwart it.
Extremely relevant especially if #PeoplesVote happens
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
I think u need to consider no deal more carefully. It is an option that may come to pass. We could get medicines from outside of #EU. I doubt there r medicines in EU that USA does not have. #Brexit Bye
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
NEVER
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Spoof shop opens in Peckham to highlight Brexit food 'price rises'
What a load of utter rubbish...you are a disgrace to the office...you are selling my country up the Swanee
Declassify now and let the chips (House &amp; House of Windsor) fall. The people of the UK voted to BREXIT but they EU won't let them. DO IT + !!!
This - if anyone is interested - is a more detailed talk through the arguments in favour of the current Brexit deal. Would be interested in views - whether you agree or not...
You weren’t certain when you asked the EU to give us a terrible deal to scupper Brexit way back when?
Population of Belgium 11 million Population of the #UK 66 million #BRexit
I did not, for I am of the dark progenitor race. Still, after Brexit… sure, why not.
May takes on Fake News with Fake News. Politics at its most meta
Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war - The Independent
I have no idea what the other two thirds believe...and I'm not sure I want to know...
#isitok that the prime minister was given such a tough interview by Kermit the frog over Brexit? #muppetbrutality
At some point, it's okay to admit that Britain went on a ridiculous bender and narrowly agreed to do something no one was really serious about doing.
Hard or soft Brexit?
File under 'that rule doesn't apply to us'. Glass houses #brexit
#Brexit is dead #PeoplesVote
This Is Post Brexit England #MakeAFilmCheap
"Have experts got anything right lately?" is a caller's quote right now re Brexit/immigration to on LBC.
Excellent idea The fine shld be all of his possesion so he can enjoy the #brexit mess he had forced on #UK s future &amp; so he is really affected in his every day life by brexit
On tonights show , 2 gps for 200 patients,police officer we are now ne ftaring cliff edge territory, people won't jump ques who come here,that's reality ,&amp; what do we get maybot channel hopping do you like my make up? Newsnght we have long john silver on about brexit,absunblvble
How Is #Brexit Working Out? Antidepressant Use Is Up In The UK via
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
This tells me that the Tories electoral base are predominantly Leave voters who they are stupidly brpetraying with their fake Brexit. I cannot see how a Corbyn Givernmnet can be avoided now she has alienating those who voted for the Tories in 2017 and put them into power
"From an analysis of the Withdrawal Agreement text: May’s broken promises on the ECJ, the backstop, customs – and dividing the UK" Beware of the #EU Turkey trap #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #SuperCanada #Labourleave #LeaveEU #Brexit
Racist + pro-remain ?? Really ?? I'm not saying it's not possible, but generally speaking my experience of Brexit doesn't pair those things together....
A fine thread from my clever colleague
Brexit will ruin the lives of British citizens in Europe. We deserve a vote | Jane Golding
Well said...
As #Brexit tensions simmer, new exhibition celebrates migration
This link has got some hilarious anecdotes on the antics of Steve Bray.
Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means -
Hardly explains why is prepared to turn the UK into a colony
I’m still in the ‘la la la la I’m not listening, Brexit won’t happen’ stage. I’m hoping Treeeeeezas deal is voted down and government collapses. It’s what they deserve. Then perhaps Article 50 revoked. But Pandora’s box opened now. So sad.
#Brexit: #TheresaMay says #EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected - and refuses to say whether the #UK would be better off outside the EU, saying only it would be "different. Sad #divorce continuing at #Sunday #summit #Bruxelles
is spot on.. "The Human Race Has Peaked!" #Brexit #idiocracy
British woman living in France complains about immigrants without a sense of irony
Voting for an undefined Brexit is the humiliation. Triggering A 50 without even a plan, never mind agreement,is the humiliation. This deal is just the measure of that humiliation.
Sad read for brexit-weary Brits, but needs to be said - by Patrick Cockburn
Problems with new blood in nursery? After lowering the attractiveness of the country #Brexit, the requirements of qualification are also lowered. Well done, UK. There was a time, I was envious of your status. #council of #nursing and #midwifery
She already had the ability to control immigration with article 7 EU citizen's rights directive. To move to another member state, EU citizens needed job/money to support themselves plus health insurance. May chose never to use it in her time at home office. #Brexit not solution.
You can't polish a poo.
Twaddle !
All false promises
#brexit #BrexitReality #YouGov forgot to ask the British sheep and fish, consulted by Gibraltars monkeys.
up to you to believe that, but mark these words: #Brexit will happen 100%. UK will never ever join EU as a member the closest it can get will be a mirror-single-market or associate relation. nothing else we shall see, days will come
I'll do it in 1 word instead SHITE!
Well, it was kinda hard for me to grasp the concept of 'dad joke'... till now.
She never supported any Brexit, voted Remain, both Davis and Raab said she never gave them a free hand in negotiations
This is like watching a really bad soap about a deeply dysfunctional family- May to sign Brexit deal while party is deeply divided
Yes, but are there any downsides?
Come on Stephen. You are a well respected Brexiteer. You need to join together with all the good Brexiteers from all parties and form a new anti Globalist, pro Brexit party. You have 17.4 million votes already. Think about it please.
UK students will still be able to work and study in Europe after Brexit. The Erasmus programme also includes many non-EU countries.
When you’re feeling like there aren’t enough swears to describe this fucking moronic, cynical, self-serving, disaster-capitalism wank-off that is Brexit, is a proper port in a storm.
Contradiction in terms.
Brexit news:The entire future of Britain is at stake and THIS is how many MPs are bothered
Just tell Nigel the feds will be coming. I'm sure he's aware.
She's both an idiot + a liar.
Surely even Leavers can see that this Brexit is destroying the U.K.
The Brexit Fantasy Goes Down in Tears
If you’re a Sculptor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
UKIP was only ever about Brexit until the vote was won and had to reinvent itself with other causes like Islam to survive. Nigel is right, UKIP need to focus on what they have campaigned on, for 25 years.. BREXIT. Now is not the time to divest from goal.
Indeed, a group that seeks to pursue Brexit at all costs for the benefit of...?
There you are, it is so simple even Diane Abbott understand this deal stinks. The only viable solution is the one that we voted for, a total Brexit.
Vote Leave loses legal challenge over Brexit spending breach
Hold on to your seat Brendan because this will be the future if there is a fudged brexit deal I for one will not vote conservative again after may,s betrayal and i could not vote for that cretin Corbyn so my vote will be going to UKIP eat your heart out
You'll notice that Labour's official policy on Brexit is driven by a similar set of priorities. Liberal leavers no longer own this.
Poll. The people want answers. Do you support thorough investigation and public enquiry into Theresa May possible misconduct in a public office for supporting Brexit based on a fraud and for personally interfering and stopping Banks dark russian money police investigation?
'#Brexit explained in 60 seconds' sums up how worthless your deal is &amp; we need a #Peoplesvote
Jeez, some people are still in 2016. For someone who claims to ‘feel in his bones’ UK/IRL relations he seems to have completely missed the Irish govs. warnings and intense lobbying before and just after the Brexit vote. Selective memory for the spectator gallery.
Let's face it, #Brexit voters thought and weighed up Gibraltar and thought losing it is a price well worth paying. #Brexiteers aren't stupid, they knew and carefully thought through all the consequences. Sorry Gib. You are fucked.
"We must stop Gerard Batten turning Brexit into a plaything of the far Right" said the far right former leader..
Trouble is: (1) We don't believe her anymore (remember "Nothing has changed" and "Brexit means Brexit"?) (2) Brexit is about freeing UK from the chains of EU rule. What's wrong with her?
Five things in Theresa May's Brexit future that will give Leavers hope — and five that will horrify them
Nice to be appreciated by people whose lives will be devastated by Brexit - Sadly very few others are listening
Sonny, it’s “they’re” proud, or is this the new Brexit syntax?
it may be so but she's still giving us away with a huge cheque 4 which we get nothing but warm words. It's a bad deal #Brexit
I should have said "...and her failure to SEEK any cross-party cooperation..."
#Spain bars May's way to Brussels #Brexit deal
But but but Fish, I have on good authority that Labour have negotiated an entirely different, magic Brexit with the EU. In secret. Done and dusted. Sounds believable, no?
Resulting in a deeply unequal society, rise of the right, Brexit and more.
When will people realise we will never accept the tainted result of a gerrymandered referendum built on lies. A vote based on the reality of the implications of Brexit whatever the result is the only way to heal the UK even if it ultimately destroys it.
The latest The Haryjanto Daily! #9news #brexit
So if UK is signing up to this, then what's the point of #Brexit?
#brexit gibralter An 11th hour whinge by Spain over Gibraltar in the Brexit negotiations should now prompt a boycott of Spain for holidays in favour of Portugal. Any such boycott is long overdue!
It isn't Brexit that has cost us £39bn (and more), it's May's handling of it. Walk away - trade for trade and standard mutual recognition - any other demands the EU has, it should've been made to offer us something for - and when that wasn't enough told "no"
Very true #brexit
#doublespeak and #doublethink. None of these claims are guaranteed outcomes of the proposed agreement. All we can be certain of is that the country will be poorer.
I’m pretty sure that a very large proportion of people did vote for Brexit on immigration grounds. She’s giving those people exactly what they want. This is their Brexit.
Black Friday Brexit Deal
Political and economic fantasies as being free from the EU. The way is not as good as their (UK) dream
I might be deluded but what if? EU try &amp; shaft May again tomorrow May says no comes back tail between legs. Admits she failed Resigns for someone else to complete WTO Brexit
Surprised you didn’t blame it on BrExit.
Brexit *is* damage. This is like saying someone has ‘hurt cancer’.
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
The only better deal we'll get is staying fucking in #brexshit #Brexit
Leading this animation with ‘Ending free movement once and for all’ shows the true colours of brexit. How shaming for us as a nation. How shaming for you as a prime minister.
Brexit summed up. Then blocked. Imagine being 16 now, with no say in your future whilst these fossils chat shit about imperial weights.
Let's call it. Negotiating Brexit was beyond the capabilities of UK Ministers, so they stalled, lied and prevaricated. The current "deal" would bring the far right onto the streets, as would ditching the whole thing and staying with the EU. We're heading for a No Deal.
Under a different, "sovereign" heading which nobody believes in. I keep asking things like this, but of course I'm just bleating into the void:
I’m sure you’ll be able to move the conversation onto #Brexit
Kate, I sincerely hope that whatever happens with Brexit you finally get the peace you deserve. By being dumped in an old ppls home run by the shameless bastard party whose dreams you helped to realise. The Conservatives.
Finally, progressives are acknowledging that liberal political parties and progressive domestic policies are being sacrificed worldwide on the altar of immigration
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected - BBC News
Mr Littlewood actually used the words 'I've been used as a slight shill' talking about Steve Baker and Shanker Singham
This article is misleading and another attempt by Brexiteers to blame everyone but themselves for not getting the fairytale Brexit they dreamed of. There was no discontinuity between Kenny and Varadkar’s approach. Varadkar has sought to protect Irish and European interests...
I voted brexit. I expected fck all from the EU and anything else would be a bonus. Start off clean break. Why is it only remainers are the only ones to say well leavers didn't vote for this. YES WE DID
Brexit, and Twitter, has convinced me that no party could every represent the views of 10 people, let alone 66 million. So whatever your views...results will not be ideal! It seems that we really do need more competent leaders.
Triggering A50 with no pla, believing it would be the “Easiest deal in history” will be looked back on as the mistake that sank brexit. It would have been perfectly doable, with a better strategy.
This is Tory abuse of our democracy. Mind you, we've been used to it for some time in Northamptonshire
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
I'm in.
We can solve the division over brexit easily. Anyone who wants to stay in Europe, can move there. Problem solved!
One of the most contentious issues of Brexit is the fraud and deceit attached to it.
When I approached Austrian TV makers for possible music pitches, they laughed. ‘We have our own’, they said (I’ve got the email somewhere...). Fair enough. Single market for the few, not the many...
Hard brexit time then. Leave means leave lololol
Barnier told Marr in an interview that a change of party was the most likely outcome of brexit with the uk remaining in. I can no longer find it BBC???
Read the Political Declaration on the framework for the post-Brexit relationship agreed by the UK and EU via Are the people of no importance? We voted out didn’t we? Leave?
Labour's John McDonnell asks Queen: Let us form a government if May's Brexit deal voted down
May presents the country with the migration policy she intends to implement after transition in 2022. If she is still Prime Minister in 2022.
DemagogueMogg&amp;BrexitMESSIAH saying:IT'LL be ALRIGHT!&amp; HIS business BREXIT PRÖÖF 2IRELAND!?OR with lots of TxF3Cash stashed in RUSSIAN BANKS?While cheering for UK's economic COLLAPSE!OR that we'll have cheaper food&amp;clothes while ignoring ONGOING trade conflicts?STINKS of BS&amp;LIES!
This deal is not Brexit. This is Cameron’s ‘Old Deal’ within the EU. We are not stupid.
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected -
She thinks mistakenly that #brexit ref was about immigration.
As a lifelong #labour voter &amp; also member.what are you &amp; up to spreading these lies? That 48% has only gone up. But more importantly, at the outset approx (that’s a natural rounding) did not want any Brexit. #peoplesvote
#Brexit #LestWeForget we've been pissing on the graves of people like this since 2016.
Simples Leave we don’t need a deal Mrs May is so gullible #MayMustGoNow #Wontvote toryagain
What is the point of these drop ins? What purpose are they going to serve and to who? Obviously Brexit is an extremely confusing subject so will clarity and transparency be on the table for those who have questions?
Its a view. Too many types think it will be a breeze because of the screaming incompetence of Brexit delivery
Reductio ad absurdum is a handy philosophical device which takes an argument to its extreme absurd conclusion to demonstrate the failure of logic in the starting point.May's treaty is a national reductio ad absurdum. 's excellent piece explains why it's an absurd travesty
Back on twitter after 6 months, so checked my stream: 1. Brexit still a thing 2. Black Friday AGAIN 3. Casual sexism still in vogue 4. Fewer amusing animal GIFs 5. General user despondency: still defcon3
The humiliation for Britain was the result of the referendum, and how our system of government could have allowed this situation to happen. The 'deal' is just rubbing salt into the wound. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
How else can you convince an MP to support an idiocy like Brexit! Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
This article corresponds to my own views and experiences within medical research. ‘As a cancer researcher, Brexit makes me fearful for our future health' Prof Mark Lawler from blogs
Femi many of your comments re brexit are admirable but saying “After centuries, Ireland will have conquered the UK” is unhelpful,misguided and fanning the flames of a delicate situation in NI.
She's right, but that's because the issues with UK democracy, (Dark Money, Cambridge Analytica, Fake News, external influence campaigns and criminal dishonesty), haven't been addressed by politicians so the UK is simply not capable of having an informed "free and fair" election!
Then your silence on the British Military unification under EU control that is moving ahead full steam and I am asking exactly why are you called Mr Brexit? You seem to be pulling your punches.
So we're already at the war is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength stage? I thought we had a couple of years yet.
Why Dover can handle a ‘no-deal’ Brexit -
You can't trust them. Even when the look like eeijts, you can't give em an inch. They'll probably be grand after Brexit, ya know. They'll end up getting emergency EU funding to import discount food and medical supplies.
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Lies and more lies, do not stand too long in the same place in case you get struck down, and to think vicars daughter, should be ashamed
Spain is acting purely in its own interests, directly against the EU ethos of collectivism. They cannot veto our leaving, because there is no mechanism to halt a democratic decision. This lays bare the lie that EU socialism caps national interests. In my view!
In a way that I can't quite expand upon, I think this may be Brexit in a quote.
Our public services are already at breaking point. Will being £18bn (best case, £80bn worst case) worse off per annum help that? Will it fuck. We need to stop brexit or the Tory austerity we have now will look like christmas.
Gah I responded to the wrong person meant to reply to the guy you where responding to but yeah it is my big worry because I know that moneys not being replaced. I expect poverty in the UK to jump post Brexit
What other lies has she told you? Brexit means Brexit ? No Deal is better than a bad deal? We’ll leave the Customs Union? We’ll leave the Single Market? N. Ireland won’t be cut off from rest of the UK? We’ll have an independent fishing policy? Everything she said was a lie
The Government’s next blog entry perhaps?
The #Brexit British border dispute explained with overt anti Irish bias by SkyNews No mention of what was achieved in the Good Friday Agreement or the Peace Process. Callous, dangerous and disappointing.
I don't understand why the PM wants to sell her Brexit deal to the public when she won't actually let us vote on it. #newsnight
Worse than an actual Brexit (No Deal, or Canada+++), worse even than Remaining in increasingly federalised, militaristic EU.
Except it's not a forced unity it is a network, the only one that is trying to force a Union is the . They cannot tolerate the United Kingdom as it is, so they are trying to bombard some fictional "precious union" based on authoritarian Brexit fascism on us.
Well that will be a bob or two that doesn’t have to be spent in NI.
Brexit has given voice to xenophobia, and tacit support of #brexitcoup continues with this.
Bunch of racketeers.
coming out into the open
said a useless politician based on no evidence at all.
Lol. Yes remain campaign was crap. Funny thing is though, because the vote leave campaign is *so* discredited you have to use what david cameron said to justify your failing hard brexit #shitshow How embarrassing is that?!
Yes of course it is, Fraser. But, as an informed person you also know that it's still far less damaging to our nation than any of the Leave alternatives. That's the savage irony of the whole Brexit delusion right there. Try telling that to your baying mob of readers.
Even if brexit happens, the UK will be rejoining in a few years, that is inevitable. But there are several things going on that can stop brexit, several court cases plus the lack of support for it in parliament, decreasing every day. Brexit gets less likely by the day.
Once they get their fangs in, it's difficult to extract yourself.
Especially when she says her Brexit will control immigration!
We could share sovereignty with the USA to resolve the Brexit issue !
Poll Suggests Among Both Remain and Leave Voters May’s Brexit Deal Is Near Universally Unpopular
So if HMS Brexit were a real ship, several of the guns would be pointed at the bridge and the rest would be on the inside below the waterline pointing outward at the hull. But for some reason, you have to give the order to fire. Because you just do?
Please retweet and save a life and let her voice be heard #London #skynews #brexit #blackfridaysale #uk #shakzulu #camden #camdenmarket #TfL
If Gibraltar doesnt approve the brexit and wanna still be a part of the eu just like several ul regions.. It can be off from England rule then Spain will wanna take over it.. And once they take over it they wobt be able to handle all what it took from Morocco so they will be
Read up and watch this video ... we are being sold out by the party time for change! WE MUST FIGHT BACK NOW #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit
Getting sick of this "remainer implementing leave" bullshit excuse for the utter failure of #Brexit . We never held "all the cards" and the EU never did "need us more than we need them". The brexiteers have led this country into humiliation.
The "numbers thing" is not an excuse, if he stood against Brexit he would get lots of support from the #FBPE crowd.. But it would change nothing and be an exercise in gesture politics..
"Yet among Brexiteers, one hopeful fantasy lives on: the idea that, if all else fails, Britain can prosper outside the European Union without signing a deal at all." via
3, 350 units in the UK??? Brexit = taste exited the chat. #MariahCaution #JusticeForCaution #lambily
Brexiteer’s STERN message for MPs who FAILED to oust Theresa May before Brexit deal agreed
Do you believe in an lessened role? Can Brexit save your blackened soul? And can you teach me how to die real slow? Well, I know that you're in love with Mogg 'Cause I saw you dancin' in the bog You both kicked off your shoes Man, I dig that idiocy you do… 4/
Bullshit.
But #Brexit is fundamentally about sovereignty not immigration #leave #peoplesvote
Worse than an actual Brexit (No Deal, or Canada+++), worse even than Remaining in increasingly federalised, militaristic EU.
A shortage of European workers after #brexit could lead to shutdowns for some rigs #OOTT
Worse than an actual Brexit (No Deal, or Canada+++), worse even than Remaining in increasingly federalised, militaristic EU.
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
That’s putting it mildly. As a remain voter now favouring a soft Brexit, I find it very disappointing NI business is settling for the May deal and trying to sell it when either remain and soft Brexit could avoid all trade friction and are still possible, while May deal is doomed
With a VADER score of -0.926 this is the least positive sentiment tweeted recently within the greater Belfast area.
Brexit: Redbridge Council to prepare a “risk register” and call on government for general election or second referendum
Acorrding to most folks do not like the #BrexitDeal! Now I am neither a citizen of the UK nor a #Brexit expert. But the one thing that IMHO should give everyone pause: Trump and Putin want #BREXIT!
this is an especially spicy take given that May's negotiators have actively sought a Brexit deal that pre-emptively prevents a socialist Labour government from implementing its manifesto
Come on, be a #remainernow. You know Brexit is dying under the weight of its own illogicality. Peston said that MPs are now talking to him about remaining as the only viable option. We will win. Embrace your inner kind, open and inclusive remainer.
PM faces parliamentary 'war of attrition' to deliver Brexit
Er, no. It's going to be up to the UK as a whole. Sturgeon spent so much time jockeying for personal advantage in the aftermath of the Brexit vote she scunnered everyone else, who now won't work with her. If there is a 2nd referendum, it won't happen at the SNP's instigation.
DemagogueMogg&amp;BrexitMESSIAH saying:IT'LL be ALRIGHT!&amp; HIS business BREXIT PRÖÖF 2IRELAND!?OR with lots of TxF3Cash stashed in RUSSIAN BANKS?While cheering for UK's economic COLLAPSE!OR that we'll have cheaper food&amp;clothes while ignoring ONGOING trade conflicts?STINKS of BS&amp;LIES!
BREXIT WHAT BREXIT. What is happening in Brexit Britain? Will there be a MAY-DEAL Brexit or a NO-DEAL Brexit, or a CANCELLED Brexit? Read our views on different types of scenarios with Brexit on Myfun-page.
It's time to tell Ms May no deal Teresa #PeoplesVote instead! Theresa May prepares to face biggest threat to date: the Tory party
Now that it is blatantly incongruent to claim both, which hashtag will sheepishly fade quicker?
Elephant in the Brexit
Its not a divorce. Its a business demerger. Do it right and the two resulting businesses can benefit each other through complimentary operations but reach their own decisions about what is right for them.
Yes Cameron recklessly promised this ill thought out referendum to appease the Tory zealots &amp; then arrogantly ignored the conventions regarding asymmetric referendum questions of huge importance to the country! Mays doctrine has been similar &amp; continues the tragedy...
Or both #MayMustGoNow #Wontvote Tory again
I don't want this deal. You have to tell lies to sell it to people. I wonder how you can live with yourself, knowing the harm you are about to do to the entire country? #Brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar*yawn*
She is become as bigger liability as her old mate
Inevitable consequence of Brexit
Keep the pressure up Pat. We bothe know that steady pressure will get results
She should crawl back under her rock and forget about 2020
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May [Globalist] Sold The British People Out
May steps up the media blitz to sell her Brexit deal to U.K. voters with the unveiling of a website set up to rebut "criticisms and inaccurate reporting"
Baa! Sheep follow.
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit vía
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Gongs for yes men
At this uncertain time with #brexit #BrexitAgreement we stand with our friends in #Gibraltar #visitgibraltar #lovegibraltar #TheRock #notpartofspain #rt
I love the sound of fireworks, these days. #BRexit #UK
But there was hard boarder checks. This is a fact. So where do you put the immigration posts you need for Brexit? And yeah smuggling exists, but it was a bigger thing when there is an actual boarder. It's not a fallacy, Brexit requires physical checks that don't happen now
Hi Robert, do you by any chance have a book I can buy? My 31yr old autistic daughter is a great fan of yours. I asked her what Robert and Nicola had been up to in emmerdale. She assumed I was talking about you and Nicola Sturgeon, and launched into a Brexit update!!
The UK tech sector is locked in a battle over the Brexit deal
If the Leave campaign had been up front about this one could respect them. But most Brexit campaigners insisted there were no downsides to leaving the EU, only upsides.
Ticket resale prices should be Britain’s priority not Brexit
If any country can pull this off, the UK can. (Back off from Brexit I mean)
Chicken much? May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal
In a hedge? There always seemed to be porn in hedgerows in the olden days. Perhaps it will make a comeback in a post-Brexit Albion.
Stop insulting us. Stop trying to pass off as a victory the relinquishment of decades of planned and negotiated benefits. It is utter madness. #BollocksToTheBrexitDeal
Well said Mervyn. May is a traitor who is trying to con us. NOTHING is agreed until the Parliament vote despite her threats. The EU will not alter any PROVISIONAL agreements. Really ? If we go for NO DEAL, they will be bankrupt in a year's time.
Look guys, it's kinda like Boaty McBoatface - nobody thought you'd take Brexit seriously!
And all the rest will no doubt go if Brexit goes ahead. Brexit will make this country poorer, with more austerity measures that will slowly cripple our fantastic NHS and other vital services.
The fact that shadowy players from other countries, like Russia, had any role in the underlying lobbying towards Brexit, means they should scrap the whole thing and start from scratch. I would recommend putting such an important vote on the blockchain to verify the people's will.
, Mrs May LIES about all of many times per day. Why is she never specifically challenged on these points?
Third of Brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK
One of the most disturbing aspects of the #brexit dynamic has been to hear TMay shout inadequate authoritative answers across the commons &amp;behind her to Govt benches while she maintains momentum in her idea of negotiation with EU that has pleased no one. Zilch listening skills
I just don’t see it (a Tory Gov with a different leader : Who?) because the polls still suggest the majority of Tory voters back Brexit. Of course if there is a massive and very fast loss of confidence as they come face to face with reality and that reflects in the polls..maybe.
as a 24 year old conservative voter who voted for Brexit, I feel as though we’ve been completely let down by this deal. This deal is a remainers deal. It feels as though we’ve given the EU £39 billion to apologise for wasting their time.
But then she would not have her EU buddies and bonus from the £39bn
(1) it's a completely idiotic position. (2) the PM leading Brexit is a woman (but only Leftist men and women are real women to Leftists) Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
Good. Then perhaps Brexit will finally start to look like that for which we voted.
Reminds me of that guy who apologised on radio for voting Brexit and 'ruining his country'. Not your fault mate
WTAF? Leadsom has a cunning plan: "the government would pay the EU £20bn – less than half the planned divorce payment – in exchange for a 2-yr transition period" What? Get a discount for throwing 5 million citizens and the GFA under the bus?
really??? The same Aussie Alex Downer who is involved with our government spying for Obama on Trump before during &amp; after 2016 US elections-. Careful what company you keep Owen
I do want it on the record that before this situation occurred I was still not liking Brexit one fucking bit. Before I was worried about others, and now I'm worried about myself /and/ others. So, yeh.
No deal was never on the bus. Norway was used as an example by most leading pro Brexit big mouths, including Farage. Brexit was never about leaving the EU but to protect the riches of people who hid their money offshore.
Came across this old article. This quote tickled me: “A non-prepared British government official simply doesn’t exist.”
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
U.K. versus parliament bejesus this is almost civil war! #BREXIT #MEGXIT #charlatanduchess #meghanmarkle #notmyduchessever
Brexit bad for your health meat stuffed with antibiotics and what else?US trade deal would flood Britain with 'cheap, inhumanely produced' bacon
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Yeah, it's never "taking our country back" from the millionaires and corporate interests that are actually fucking everyone into the ground, is it? No, it's brown immigrants. They're the real danger.
Any idiot can see this is not a Leave Brexit, this is a REmainBrexit not leaving at all, staying in CU, we didn’t vote for that quite the opposit, I guess within 5 years the EU will have stripped this country of any success &amp; £B in funds.
You're nutters, democracy didn't end because you got a 1% win with lies; Whether someone is pro-eu or anti-eu - Brexit is bad for Britain and not wanted by the British - democracy 'is' a #PeoplesVote
#Newsnight It's a fallacy that it would be a betrayal of 17.4m Leavers if Brexit did not happen. 16.1m of the 17.4m were nullified by the Remain vote. Brexit was decided by just 635,000 votes out of 33m. So it would be correct to say that just 2% of the voters would be betrayed.
Well she’s no idiot
That explains why so many in the British civil service have shown themselves to be such treacherous Quislings during #Brexit There is but one truth - that is the EU, &amp; the UK will be kept faithful to it - where it likes it or now. They are literally serving a foreign power.
Come if you’re in Scotland these guys are a lot of fun and very smart!!!
mine's circling endlessly round Brexit
Paisleyite Troglodytes getting into bed with BoJo the Clown. This is going to be a tragedy/farce of biblical proportions. #Brexit
proper brexit woman. reminds me of anne sutcliffe except she is a slag
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
She showed her crass incompetence &amp; misunderstanding on #brexit by uttering the 'jump the queue line'. Probably listened to Gillian Duffy.
The latest The Chris Winfield Daily! Thanks to #news #brexit
I don't know :/ but the rot goes deeper than that. Take a look at Patrick O'Flynn's article (I'll link it below). I don't know how we stop what's happening, only that we *must*, somehow :/
#BreakingNews #skynews Spain: Brexit EU summit could be called off over Gibraltar
I thought the EU was a club of twenty something members. I heard on the News that Spain cannot veto Brexit.
The last 2 years of 'negotiating' #Brexit have been a sick game. Our Establishment has never had any intention of letting Britain leave the #EU. They cocked up giving us the #EURef, they never thought we'd vote to leave, so now they're going to neuter it
Brexit Britain
I back your sentiments entirely but no-one has raised their head to lead through a Democratic Brexit which I voted for . I am convinced higher powers always knew this was the case and her hands were tied?? Do I make sense???
The only reason they’re mentioning it is to ensure the Brexit supporters know they have a way out. It means that they will try &amp; do everything to f*ck Indy. This is their way out. Scotland being in the way is of no consequence. It’s going to get beyond nasty. The Empire is back!
.. and Brexit Stupidity hist REALITY, what on earth were you expecting? oh I know the Easiest Deal in history. .Christ on a bicycle and you get upset when remainers think your as thick as pig shit
Finally there's light at the end of the #Brexit tunnel &amp; a #PeoplesVote on the horizon.
May is either lying through her teeth or is utterly deluded.
Boris Johnson receives warning he faces prosecution over £350m claim
Why separate fisheries deal when #EU can buy fish from our #uK fishermen/women? Where is the trade if they want our fish 4 free? #Brexit
UK / EU / BREXIT / FRENCH GOVERNMENT CONTINGENCY PLANS FOR POST-BREXIT SEGREGATION OF REPUBLIC OF IRELAND FREIGHT TRANSPORT FROM UK FREIGHT TRANSPORT / ISSUES RE: BORDER BETWEEN NORTHERN IRELAND, UK &amp; REPUBLIC OF IRELAND: #BrexitWatch
A taste of Corbynomics to come.#Brexit
I would deeply regret it but I would accept it too, it would put the issue to bed for a generation and might just unite the country once again. Whatever your views on #Brexit a #PeopesVote is the only legitimate way out of this mess.
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
"Gibraltar is due to leave the EU along with the UK at the end of March next year, despite 96% of its population voting to remain in the 2016 referendum on leaving the EU."
What's it got 2 do wiv Nigel Farage? He turned his bak on UKIP 2yrs ago. Gerard Batten is an excellent leader, well liked + he knows what he's talking about. He's also a good judge of character so butt out Nigel!
Every #British coastal community should be marching on Theresa the Appeaser in London. Everyone in #Devon should be marching on the traitor in #Totnes. #FishingForLeave
If we have one takeaway from this Brexit' debacle it is that we need higher quality politicians. Chope does not cut the mustard.
I used to read the with enthusiasm but I stopped quite a while ago, thanks to the feeling of being rather unclean after doing so. I blame little That it should be tweeting this link is rather telling.
Forget Brexit, the DUP and Sammy Wilson are more concerned with a “no breakfast” deal...
Hopefully the summit crash &amp; #Spain gets a veto over any matter regarding Gibraltar There shld be a #NoDealBrexit so #brexit really bites &amp; give future generations of Brits a chance to re-join #EU27
This is naive and dangerous! Remain have NEVER reached 50% in any poll A new GE is far preferable If there is a PV, it’s better between a soft Brexit and Remain. Not May’s Brexit EEA etc are ‘sensible’ brexits. I prefer Remain
She can't see past her warped interpretation of what the result of the referendum said. Because she doesn't believe in brexit, she assumes the vote to leave was all about immigration/EU membership fees. I've not heard her mention the word "Sovereignty" in any interview/statement.
#Brexit is approaching fast! Join us for Leaving the EU night drinks 29/3/19 in central London:
“Lads, I’ve had a think and maybe we just ... do nothing, yeah?”
Quick reminder of why Ch4 are such morons on #Brexit
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype
Brexit, and Twitter, has convinced me that no party could every represent the views of 10 people, let alone 66 million. So whatever your views...results will not be ideal! It seems that we really do need more competence in government.
That explains why so many in the British civil service have shown themselves to be such treacherous Quislings during #Brexit There is but one truth - that is the EU, &amp; the UK will be kept faithful to it - where it likes it or not. They are literally serving a foreign power.
Everyone wants something, we want a "No Deal" brexit. The 82% trade we do with the rest of the world will carry us while we sort out EU issues. They call us "Treasure Island" due to all the goods they sell us, it won't be long before things are back to normal. We will be fine
Guys - don’t worry you are suffering from TTS (Tory Twat Syndrome)... but there is a cure ...#peoplesvote
Let's boil something complicated down to 60 seconds of positive spin. That'll make things better.
Just as the US democratic institutions never imagine that Russian/Cambridge Analytica interference could take Trump over the winning line, nobody in the UK imagined that it could sway enough of the electorate to vote for Brexit. Would that they had been right.
This Brexit deal advertising stunts going wrong.
We can't say Philipe IV is not Capet when he is...I total support Spain veto on BREXIT
They are already are , screw Brexit , folks need looking after #GTTO
This really is quite magnificent
Why Dover can handle a ‘no-deal’ Brexit via #Brexit #Dover #frictionless #trade
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
If all the people of the British Isles cannot live under one flag, how the hell did anyone ever think we could all live under the EU flag ------
1. You're confusing socialism with communism. 2. The greatest threat to democracy is coming from the kleptonationalist assault against democracy linking the Kochs, Mercer, Thiel, Murdoch, Trump, Brexit, fascists &amp; Putin. Ideology from William Rees-Mogg &amp; James Buchanan.
I Saw this coming! Global Elites want all nations 2surrender 2UN Rule! She knew what she was doing when she forced Europe 2take in millions of immigrants 2create organized chaos! She should be hung 4treason! England’s Brexit is the way 2go! Rest of Europe should follow suite!
Me too. So so frustrated that we are drifting towards the abyss with no sense of urgency from our politicians and no fair or proper media coverage. It’s an outrage. Our country is literally being chopped up ready for the Brexit carnivores:( #PeoplesVote # Let’s take it seriously
May Will Not Resign if Her Brexit Deal Is Rejected in Parliament
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
What is Scotland’s biggest food export? It’s also the UK’s biggest food export. Farmed salmon. 100% of it produced in Scotland. May’s #brexit deal threatens tariffs on our biggest food export. get a grip. What a mess, all caused by Tory party infighting
Newly knighted John Haynes claims he still needs “persuading” on which way to vote when it comes to the meaningful vote on Brexit. Why doesn’t he just go the whole hog and get “give me a peerage” tattooed on his forehead? It would be about as subtle as his current manoeuvrings.
And I say this as someone who likes Corbyn who likes the direction he is taking the Labour party in, his plan for Brexit to use it to force a GE is wrong, the risk of a GE is the only think that can actually unite them at this point
Someone’s been hitting the sherry tonight - amazing how little oul Ireland is to blame for all the UK #brexit woes
Understanding Brexit, what's happening now
I liked a video Dastardly Brexit Betrayal - What Next?
Yes I said day of Ref16 with a divided split the only fair outcome was Norway then ask again in 10 years. But May opted for extreme Brexit.
From people too rich to be hurt by the consequences of their lies.
Do not even tease us with that, We thought Remain would win. We thought Hillary would win. I, for one, could not stand another agonising let-down.
Is this a subtle Brexit comment?!
Having read all this I understand that many of the issues with a good deal Brexit is coming from the MPs themselves! These are the people voted for by the public to represent them, on a promised manifesto (both parties)...they need to start to respect the promises they made!
Keep chipping away - #RemainIsTheAnswer
I keep my fingers crossed for the success in negotiating with the EU regarding Brexit. And Mr. Morawiecki, yesterday he was a great friend of Donald Tusk, and today is his great enemy. They, means Mr Morawiecki and Mr Tusk can together try to play not fair against Great Britain.
Corbyn holds the key. If he decides his barmy army must abstain then Theresa's deal will go through. Though few else seem to think this is likely. But if he does this, he can claim he's followed the Will o' the Peeps, gets the Brexit he really wants &amp; can blame the Tories forever
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Brexit deal in 5 seconds: 1. Based on electoral fraud and May's Henry VIII mania. 2. May personally stops dark russian money Banks investigation. 3. Misconduct in a public office. 4. Literally no-one supports in 2018 or was knowing about May's fudge deal during 2016 vote.
The level of utter fucking eternally deluded stupid
The DUP is a disgrace.. even for the people they "represent". People's futures need to be put ahead of sectarian politics. The UK, by voring for Brexit, voted to discard the North even if they didnt know it at the time. #Brexit #DUP18
What a surprise. Teresa May to announce targeting of EU migrants during transition period with hostile environment type policies, hoping to win support from Tories for her crap #BrexitDeal One trick pony PM, giving in completely to her bigoted and base instincts.! #PeoplesVote
Stephen Barkley starts his first day as Brexit Sec as he means to go on...
Bet it's not reported on msm
Theresa May prepares to face biggest threat to date: the Tory party
This is the future negotiation we are looking at. Capitulation at every turn, as we have given all the money, all the leverage and will be negotiating with 27 guns to our head and a ticking clock. Nobody but an idiot would trap us in this Agreement. It is a grotesque betrayal.
I've signed the petition calling on the government to make environmental standards stronger, not weaker, after Brexit. Will you add your name?
This is VILE bollix
I love it when people magically know all the reasons why 17 million people voted for Brexit. Quite a skill.
You’re an absolute disgrace.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
It's a terrifying brexit. The Tories have lost sight of the most vulnerable in severe govt caused poverty who will never survive any sort of brexit. The PM is behaving erratically and she should be stopped
Scarey but true. Our business is living in brexit land now and paying the price. Is anybody listening? In Britain’s boardrooms, Brexit is already here. And the warning is stark | Aditya Chakrabortty
This is my private account, not the official account, and the views are my own. FWIW I voted Labour the last two elections and I worry that Brexit will cause great suffering to those already on and below the poverty line.
It's called a rip off. Daylight robbery.
Breakingviews - Brexit vote plan is more twerp than TARP. Flawed parallels with the financial crisis won’t save Theresa May’s Brexit plan.
Am bored talking about this brexit shit it will be wat happens and we can't change a thing
Urgh god I hate it. I dread Christmas nowadays. Would go a long way to completely avoid it. Movies I can probably find, but feel free to recommend a few podcast comedies. It would be nice to have a break from the endless depressingness of Brexit too.
Think brexit would go fine if our "leaders" didnt sound like whiney defeatist bitches anytime they open their mouths
Personally I'd rather the temporary pain of a #NoDealBrexit than decades of pain and humiliation curren deal with mean. Plus, a no deal with bring both sides back to negotiations faster. #brexit
Is that a Red-White-Blue, 'Easiest in Human History', 'Canada-plus/minus', or 'Norway With Sleigh Bells' Brexit? Etc etc. Or one of your OWN deals you'll negotiate then resign over - locked as you are in some MC Escher cycle of never-ending fantastical #Brexity contradictions?
Theresa May's all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt - BRIBE your way out
A basic, unasked question here: would forcing new migrant workers into short term visas &amp; contracts improve wages, conditions for UK workers ? No, it will make them worse. Every Trade Unionist knows more temps = worse conditions all round
If that happens it will simply reflect that more than 17 million didn't want Brexit and so you should suck it up - just like you've been telling all the remoaners to do. That IS democracy.
"It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit" The Withdrawal Agreement is legally binding. Beware of the Turkey trap. #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #SuperCanada #Labourleave #LeaveEU #Brexit #JunkTheBackstop #BinTheBack
Save it for later; Brexit is the issue now!!
Theresa May's all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt - BRIBE your way out
Insightful interview with on the position of the dailies on Brexit
How to respond to a lackey of PMTM's.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Jeremy Corbyn has by default become the most electable PM operating in Parliament. I am no friend of Corbyn but the man does not hide what he is or what he stands for, whilst May on the other hand is the disgusting reptile I’ve ever laid eyes on.
#AngelaMerkel is a failed leader who is barely holding onto power. At this point, I believe she is causing destabilization in the world. Both her and are trying to hold onto power in the #EU. After #Brexit, then #italy will be next. Nationalism is patriotism.
You have done your best to damage the UK supporting Brexit and generally being out of touch with Labour members.
It’s all speculation, no one knows for sure hard brexit would not be a success, I believe it would in the end
We'll I never
Will you give us credit when if we ever get Brexit it's a raving success
One this Wednesday in the Bear? Alun Cairns is also having a meeting on Friday Re Brexit on the 30th 1930 Cowbridge Rugby club.....
Thank you Anna no bot made my decision to vote Brexit when are you going to represent your constituents. What have you done for browroqe.
She MUST but she WON'T. What is the hold that the EU has over her ?
You'll join us in Brexit next.
The problem with this argument is that Britain hasn’t been defeated in a war in living memory. The leavers have no idea what that would feel like, and remainers would rather not know.
New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit
Letter: The #Brexit referendum was advisory only
Brexit is a proof of why we have representative democracy and not direct.
Brexit trumpasresident what’s next
Hello Tories....new leader
Symbolic so far, but the right sort of symbolism.
Agreed. It’s fucked
She is a downright liar! Deal gives the EU a right of veto over the UK’s exit. In agreeing to this clause, the government has caved in over seeking a right to leave.
Brexit or not, BBC 5 Live really needs to get a new lenses on its cameras.
Let’s get on with it. Negotiate later. #NoDealBrexit
The UK tech sector is locked in a battle over the Brexit deal
1/ Just the perspective of 1 American, but this is how Brexit looks to me. 5 people go to a restaurant where everybody shares the same main dish. The waiter talks up the fish special. It sounds amazing from the description. 2 are skeptical that it will be as advertised, but 3 ...
Nailed it again. Kudos sir!
Boris Johnson receives warning he faces prosecution over £350m Brexit claim | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
And I’d give up all of that not to be permanently and legally trapped in a treaty where the #EU holds the whip hand. Do not sign away our sovereignty! #Brexit
If you’d get your heads out of your arses deliver a real brexit and ensure a full investigation prosecution citizenship removal and deportation of the rape gangs plus put on trial all public officials connected With them you might b worth voting for oh and ditch May
MP calls for clarity for #EU citizens after #Brexit
Haha, except that the USA and China and 18 of our other new friends blocked us from fast tracking remember?
OK. I disagree.
#Nodeal #Brexit or #WTO looking very, very attractive at this point, then.
Why is it deluded? Regardless of the Brexit context what actually scares you about the type of re-balancing proposed? Policy elements pls
You have one poor old sod . how about THIS LOT
If it says 630 coin option then it probably has. That's my guess I don't know. Americans and Aussies should know for theirs. I know the UK prices went up because of brexit (probably) yet again
That’s exactly why I don’t understand when they say there’s no majority in parliament for brexit surely there should be as the majority of them were voted in on manifestos promising leaving the EU #liarsandthieves
It's not plot .. it's the facts. Just accept it. Third of Brexit voters believe Muslim immigration is part of a secret plot to Islamicise Britain, study suggests
Leavers understand it very well.
#TheresaMay warns that it's too late to re-negotiate a better #Brexit deal
It was in every national paper.. just type Rees mogg plan a+ it will give you plenty of links.. Just accept the fact you were wrong about no alternative plan by the ERG
Britain isn’t a two party system you utter melts.
i pray everyday against Ted Heath &amp; John Major and the likes to be burnt n roasted more n more in history references forever #Brexit we are still cleaning Heath's mess approx half a century later
When the PM said 'no deal is better than a bad deal', clearly she misspoke, meant 'no brexit is better than a bad deal.' Hmmm, Trump and Putin comes to mind ...good grief! More letters please.
Only the Tories can plan to make things worse
"this is about stopping lying in politics..."
I now believe the Tories under David Cameron misread the UK public &amp; didn't think we'd back Brexit. When that happened they elected a pro Remain PM to make a hash it which will need to be voted on by the public. Hard Brexit, May Deal or Remain with vote rigged to Remain.
HRC cultist ^^ pretending that all critics of HRCs comments re immigration are "Bernie Bros."
Merkel: 'Give up SOVEREIGNTY to EU'
Drag her out of office! That's the only way she will leave! Replace her with a Brexit man! Then tell the EU were gone! Bilateral or wto tariffs! Only choices available!
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
UK / EU / BREXIT / PREDICTED IMPACT OF BREXIT ON FREIGHT &amp; ROAD HAULAGE: (PREDICTIONS OF )
#infrastructure #Brexit #NHS £56billion pounds?!........ 56BILLION!!!!!
Hi! Any chance we can get a Northern Ireland Cold War special given the exciting drama brought to the otherwise dull Brexit process?
She's "crunched" the numbers: Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
She's simply addressing one visible symptom of the lack of control while ignoring the rest or making them worse. And I don't believe she won't cave-in on migration too.
We must stop Brexit and join with EU left to stop the far right in Europe
yeah like i feel even as you say the map is rly on labs favor (it is) its also v. hard for them to get a big majority and they need a big majority for brexit
Sounds familiar.
Diane’s predictions are always rubbish...
As with Northern Ireland, Gibraltar's status is now in question only because of the brexit process the DUP enthusiastically supported.
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal This is a total BETREYAL of Brexit. This is NOT what we voted for. We voted for taking back control of our laws, money, borders &amp; sovereignty. Theresa May has been played a puppet by the EU by forcing her to bend to their will. She is a failure of a PM.
Cooper agrees with labours current brexit position. She realises that opposing the result of a referendum is non to clever and that if labour had done that at last years GE the Tories would have won a landslide making brexit 100% certain. Corbyns way means it may not be.
To have a 2nd referendum when you’ve failed abysmally to act on the original referendum is an appalling kick in the teeth to the voters. We voted for Brexit. Get on and deliver it or UK will be forever divided; full of hate, resentment and anger!
Wow! This man is so determined to be wrong on everything. There will be many, many other issues after Brexit but all of them will be crises brought about by Brexit.
Yep,an United Island.
UK / EU / BREXIT / PREDICTED IMPACT OF BREXIT ON FREIGHT &amp; ROAD HAULAGE: (PREDICTIONS OF )
Also its perfectly democratic and valid option in UK Parliamentary democracy, UK Parliament to cancel A50 and stop Brexit without any new referendums. In fact majority of people are tired from this mess and prefer exactly that!
No, you and your fellow brexiteers have done a damn fine job of it yourselves. You chose 2 leave the club... Doesn't mean the club, or its members have to fawn all over you while you make up your minds how you want to leave. Shocking for you that we've got upper hand isn't it.
Populist Billionaires The face of right-wing anti-elitism is surprisingly elite
UK / EU / BREXIT / PREDICTED IMPACT OF BREXIT ON FREIGHT &amp; ROAD HAULAGE: (PREDICTIONS OF )
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
MPs across the political spectrum object to a plan under which Britain would commit to being under EU laws over which the people This deal is a challenge to our historic freedoms BILL OF RIGHTS FREEDOM TO BE GOVERNED BY AN ELECTED PARLIAMENT #Brexit
And I don't rule out the Unionists because they would instigate violence as I did read if this hard Brexit happens, there will be push for a United Ireland (Which really, they should be united but British imperialism screwed shit up)
So much for the TORIES thanking the public for putting up with the last 8 years of austerity...what good has it done? What have they done with all the money that was saved? The country is more in debt than ever! They are crooks and corrupt to the bone. #torycorruption #toryliars
A hard Brexit would make the UK’s hoped-for defense relationship with the EU more problematic.
It seems the MP's even the UK government have no idea of what has gone one though i have tweeted &amp; emailed them about it. I did warn this one to watch what company he kept #FISA #Spygate
The invocation of immigration as a “problem” is red herring that distracts us from the real problem which is WHITE SUPREMACY AND NATIVISM. stay woke!!
Why we voted for Brexit. What about Palestine do they believe in the right of return for displaced people. What about climate change migration and the people from Paradise?
France Pushes Derivatives-Clearing Ambitions as Brexit Day Nears
Well the basic principle is simple, The Rock is British so one would assume we will have treat it as part of the UK post Brexit.
The Irish people voted twice on the Lisbon Treaty &amp; Nice Treaty, after Irish government renegotiated them. They have become ultra Remain, because hard Brexiteers are savagely wishing to impose either a hard border in Ireland or leave it in legal limbo. Hard Brexit is Anti-Irish.
That explains why so many in the British civil service have shown themselves to be such treacherous Quislings during #Brexit There is but one truth - that is the EU, &amp; the UK will be kept faithful to it - whether it likes it or not. They are literally serving a foreign power.
If you’re a Fisherman in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a calamity for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
No, #Brexit will be fine. May and Hammond will be sacked. That's all. Come on you know it's over. Just resign. #MayMustGoNow May pins Brexit hopes on concessions from EU chief Juncker over tea via
Brexit is as much New Labour’s legacy as anyone else’s. Inequality also rose under Labour (and does in western societies globally)
The Brexit deal explained by #BackTheBrexitDeal
BBC News - #Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Petition: STOP BREXIT
UK / EU / BREXIT / PREDICTED IMPACT OF BREXIT ON FREIGHT &amp; ROAD HAULAGE: (PREDICTIONS OF )
Theresa May casts doubt over her future if MPs vote down Brexit deal
A fantastic article, which only sadly highlights how vacuous much of the reporting around Brexit is in so much of the media
Farage is Wrong on this. This Involves Brexit. Most people are easily fooled by Sharia-Islam-CULT, which It was The Main Reason Why Europe got Invaded in the first place. Thank everything that America caught it right on time. World’s Doom was coming.
Don’t you worry wee man. You will soo. Be out of your misery after Brexit
Brexit deal doesn’t pass through the commons, no confidence vote follows, succeeds &amp; a general election follows that.
What a coincidence!
In a word. Bollox!
They really aren’t
The degree of shock that I felt on election night for #Brexit was equal to November 2016 here in the US. I doubt I am alone. Our hangover could last 4 years, maybe 8. The #UnitedKingdom will feel this decision for generations.
Yeah. Brexit means itself. Very clear. Xenophobe.
The Withdrawal Agreement IS Brexit. That's why it's rubbish.
It's all about opinions, it's just nice to spend a night on something other than Brexit. There I said it, nights ruined ffs
What the f*** is a ‘People’s Brexit’?
I'm a Tory lifetime member, and I'd be delighted for you to take this route if the deal isn't a full brexit. As an aside, the chances of me voting for are sliding due to the lack of 1922 declaration....
Ya. Brexit is your Trump. Ours will be gone in two years. Yours is just beginning. Brexit needs to be stopped but how?
There will be plenty of business people on the bus, VIP's, small business owners, MP's and MEP's, celebs and people who are genuinely worried about brexit.
#Brexit: Back to basics guide about the #UK leaving the #EU - BBC News
No such thing as a ‘hard’ Brexit so that statement is patently false - all that is required is guts which seem to be absent in Remainers - capitulating to Hitler would have been so much easier that fighting that war
Merkel: 'Give up SOVEREIGNTY to EU' Merkel made the comments during a speech defending a United Nations agreement on migration which regulates the treatment of migrants around the world.
Brexit deal is worse than staying in E.U., lawmaker who helped draft it says
Brussels will demand Britain grant EU boats access to our waters before agreeing trade deal
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
UK / EU / BREXIT / PREDICTED IMPACT OF BREXIT ON FREIGHT &amp; ROAD HAULAGE: (PREDICTIONS OF )
#Brexit was bollixed by British Political 'leadership' from the start. But I suppose blaming foreigners for Britain's ills is just another symptom of the mindset that led Britain to the sorry mess that it is now in.
If you look closely at North Sentinel, you will find that it is a very peculiar geographical entity. #Brexit #insularism
I do love the fact that Ireland has been proactive on the border since way before the #Brexit vote. Now Spain, after a three-year siesta, seems to have woken up to Gibraltar.
Individuals are not the institution. Personal experience is not statistically relevant. Brexit is a self defeating wish driven by fear and self-importance. Twitter is like a million diaries of nobodies.
Nigel Farage is another Putin puppet who really pushed for brexit. Then Donald Trump said he wanted Nigel for his ambassador from England. Coincidence? Maybe not!
New post (Theresa May Faces Parliamentary "War Of Attrition" To Deliver Brexit) has been published on Daily top pop -
Own it Nigel!
When are people going to réalisé, despite decades of business first, people second, planet 10th, that a solution will be found for brexit for business and the people will be an afterthought.
No wonder anyone seeking justice in this bent little country ends up pissing into the wind. The English are brazenly handing out their dubious little ‘honours’ as a crucial vote on the Brexit debacle looms: #BentBritain
So versatile, Trump, Libs, Morrison, Brexit, all political parties, banks, NBN all fall under that heading.
#Wontvote tory again
UK / EU / BREXIT / PREDICTED IMPACT OF BREXIT ON FREIGHT &amp; ROAD HAULAGE: (PREDICTIONS OF )
“There might be hundreds of thousands of jobs lost, but atleast we’ve got a jobs first brexit.” “Theres mass poverty, but its OUR poverty”
Far-right extremists and hostile states 'will use Brexit to sow hate and chaos in Britain', MPs warned. Russia-linked accounts have been amplifying anti-Muslim messages in UK, experts say
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected - BBC News
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster - BBC News
It’s all about the votes
Nest year's series of I'm a celebrity get me out of here is just a camera following someone vaguely noteworthy going around their normal life in the UK
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
He couldn’t damage the outside of a magnum. Insignificant.
Bragging about removing our RIGHTS! it's not a good deal &amp; I want an opportunity to put a great big X next to No Deal. making us poorer, less safe &amp; years of haggling with our biggest trading partners. #FoM
How clever the Spanish diplomats are, if they are a little careless, they will now be made easily responsible for the chaos of the no deal brexit. That's all they needed!
"Theresa May has been accused of bringing the honours system into disrepute after handing a knighthood to a former minister known to be wavering on whether or not to support her Brexit deal."
Are you "Brexit gay" or a "British European", besides being a smug, self-centered cockwomble?
UK / EU / BREXIT / PREDICTED IMPACT OF BREXIT ON FREIGHT &amp; ROAD HAULAGE: (PREDICTIONS OF )
‘Damn those Europeans ‘jumping the queue’ and taking all those jobs we’d rather not do anyway’
Proper Brexit! What does that actually mean? If you can’t stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.. oh you did. Now keep quiet!
When Mrs May needed help to get her idea of Brexit past Parliament she bribed the DUP to help. Now that deal is breaking, is she turning to bribery again?
I agree with almost everything says. However, if this had been the argument from the beginning then fine, but it wasn’t. Only at the last minute has there been this switch and that’s the major problem.
This man confuses things
Conservative MP John Hayes should take the gong, and vote against what describes Mrs May's Withdrawal Agreement as:- "the biggest political fraud perpetuated on the British People since Alastair Campbell's dodgy dossier"!
Brexit isn't immigration that's so 2 yrs ago, brexit is about rights, the right to make laws, fish our waters, run parliament unimpeded because if not, then we should just disband them. Stay in EU and your child will be a conscript to it's Army.
Theresa May has repeatedly refused to rule out resigning if her Brexit deal is voted down in Parliament.
Theresa May would go to war to protect Gibraltar, Michael Howard says
Spain 'to reject Brexit deal' without written Gibraltar pledge from UK
Can it not be both?
Hmm, very telling isn't it?
Do it please and freed Catalonia please! Catalans are in favour of #Brexit #CataBrexit help us, please! #FreePoliticalPrisionersExiles Spain is a fascist state! Shame on Soain! Shame on Europe!
You, with May, and your cronies, have brought about a polarised and toxic politics. When we voted, we thought, simple, OUR politicians will surely, obey our instructions. BUT, oh, no...! You, still claim to know better... You, still want to make us subservient and facile. NO WAY!
No-one wants to gloat when you bring us ALL down through your own inability to agree which shade of red/white/blue it's going to be. Nor when you fail to work out whether Brexit means whatever it is that Brexit means. Nor when you foster xenophobia and tear families apart. /1
Have y’all read the Harrison/Gaffney book on all this: Check out Beyond Brexit: The Blueprint by Fred Harrison
She has no future she can't get legislation passed .
Spain bars May’s way to Brussels Brexit deal
I don't admire the determination to 'carry on'. It does not show spirit or gumption. It is not admirable in any way shape or form. It is selfish. It is self before others. This Prime Minister should go, will go. Her record will be her political tombstone when she does
Liam Fox has said a post-Brexit free trade deal with the EU should be the “easiest in human history”, remember? And Gove said, “The day after we vote to leave we hold all the cards and we can choose the path we want.” Even May could get everything promised with those advantages.
There is no ‘Labour Brexit’. There never was. It’s the same contradictory pile o’crap as the “Tory Brexit” (whatever the hell that actually is). Both parties are in thrall to their fundamentalist wings.
"And there is always gratification in being reminded how much the Leave vote annoyed metropolitan Lefties." What a pathetic nasty piece of shit that is. I AM NO METROPOLITAN LEFTIE YOU CHINLESS TORY WONDER. If you think Remain is that you are defeated
Spain to Veto Brexit ‘If There Are No Changes’
Then we need to keep this going until March 29 2019 and just leave
We have lots of hostages in a place called Magaluf
Theresa May prepares to face biggest threat to date: the Tory party
It is tragic no lessons have been learnt from Greece. EU was going to punish UK, no matter what the cost to Europe, no matter who was negotiating. #EU #Brexit #democracy, #trade #Greece #Athens #BBCAQ
Brexit is the government's way of punishing the gullible who voted for it.
This is absolute rubbish and lies the Brexit deal is Traitorgate and the Traitor is the Prime Minister!!
Spain: Brexit EU summit could be called off over Gibraltar
The #Brexit formula presented by was/is an excellent piece of work
HRC basically advises Europe to keep out brown people (who are apparently responsible for #Brexit &amp; the rise of the right?). Ugh. Hard pass on scapegoating refugees to save neolibetalism. How about we don't placate the racists -- when has that ended well?
Meet The #NeoBolsheviks—Coming Soon To Your Neighborhood #BBC #UKIP #Brexit #Infowars #UKColumn #TommyRobinson #Gogglebox #Politics #History #Censorship #TheresaMay #AmberRudd #ImACeleb
Theresa May’s all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt – BRIBE your way out
#Brexit impact report and People's Vote called for by council
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
Here's UKIP with the same old, same old: indulging in internal cat fights just as the focus of the country is on their specialist subject. History repeating. For now, please just fight for Brexit
More pathetic scapegoating for the complete failure of the #brexit leaders to build a compelling plan for leaving with "all the benefits we have now - and more".
Theresa May's all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt - BRIBE your way out via
So wants to reframe the Brexit debate to sell her deal. Calling those of us EU citizens already at home here #QueueJumpers was not enough, now she wants to 'celebrate' the end of freedom of movement some more with this announcement. 1/
Another one inexplicably angry right wing man??
techreview "The UK tech sector is locked in a battle over the Brexit deal - Via C_Randieri #Randieri
Some???
KEEP YOUR DAMNED EXPLANATION, WE ARE NOT LISTENING ANY LONGER TO YOUR LIES ! I CAN MAKE YOUR EXPLAINATION VERY SIMPLE, BETRAYAL OF BREXIT !
Aye high hopes and vision of brighter future than this Brexit fiasco. Can't see any negative in that way of thinking. Scotland has a triple-locked mandate and can achieve our Raised Expectations. At least we have them and haven't lay down to the alternative, like some.
LOL! What makes you think that my (or anybodys) salary is going to be cut because of brexit? And by 10%! Another number pulled straight out of thin air. But assuming you weren't talking hyperbolic nonsense my answer is YES. 10% of my pay for freedom? BARGAIN.
The problem is UK is led by political minnows who do not have the guts to face up to a major assault on UK democracy. seems the only one who cares that result of the Brexit referendum was bought by foreign funding
How about an MP / new Prime Minister that has backbone when dealing with the EU and deliver Brexit !!
Wow. Don't think I've heard such simplistic economic illiteracy in a long time, or such reckless gambling with lives &amp; livelihoods. Leaving EU would do nothing but weaken our ability to pursue truly green global development.
We had no choice- had to be done to stop Tory party. Was worth a try to stop Brexit. Taking away Tory majority.
Ditch the Irish backstop?
You already had a vote, May is sabotaging this purposefully and because you did not join the brexiteers on making sure that a quality deal is struck, this debacle will happen. You didn’t have to want Brexit, but you should have made sure that it didn’t tank as it is.
No but i think they would try to avoid a hard brexit and i think they would be pragmatic enough to sit down with a new government.
Spain PM threatens to try to derail and 'veto Brexit' over May's deal
So now a no deal is better than all the bad deals presented. Deals that give advantage to remainers and EU unelected politicians. Where has Brexit vote gone.
A Brexit with full Single Market &amp; Customs Union was &amp; is possible, but May ruled those out as her personal red lines. They were on no advisory ballot slips. On that basis yes this is May's Brexit. Not good enough. #UK should #Remain, &amp; a #PeoplesVote might achieve that.
This is a great piece looking way beyond #Brexit and at what’s at stake for the EU. Laura is always worth reading. #FF
Of course the reality is the business/ farming community have considered WA&amp; concluded it’s a workable deal while DUP had a fixed view before they knew the contents of the draft bill.
Anne Frank could not be reached for comment.
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
Will this evil xenophobe ever learn ? Why would anyone from EU want to come here post Brexit? Immigration sorted just set fire to the country.
Spain EU #Brexit summit to be called off if no deal on Gibraltar
Brexit: Will Spain's Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock? - BBC News
Basically, their visions of Brexit ultimately could not survive contact with reality. Personally, I think Brexit wasn't fated to be a disaster. A sensible Government could've pulled it off, by beginning planning and working out their endgame *before* invoking Article 50.
Can see the Biased showing their total support for Supreme Leader May's #Brexit Deal
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Brexit deal explained in 60 seconds... The UK used to have a financial industry, international respect, functioning government, 78 trade deals, and a seat at the table of the most powerful trade block on the planet. Brexit will flush it all away, replaced by eternal austerity.
It's the best deal May was ever going to get. But it's going to obliterate this country as a global power &amp; all the prosperity, security &amp; prospects for 65+m people it supports This. Is. Wrong. Brexit is wrong! You know it! What happened to protecting Britain, even from itself?
Yes, it's interesting that the UK couldn't bring itself to bestow the democratically chosen name "Boaty McBoatface" upon their polar research ship, but feels it must cling to Brexit because of a referendum. Just sayin'.
It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit
#Gibraltar is mine! #Brexit
Ahem. "Electoral force" ????
yeah german politicians need to be careful throwing words like “superstate” around lol
In the same way that JC is advocating a jobs first brexit I am currently enjoying an abs first kebab mmm!
What a shame there's no #PoliticsLive to analyse THIS! Theresa May's all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt - BRIBE your way out
It's worth noting how Peston has grown in stature since he escaped Tory-controlled &amp; joined ITV. He's one of a small but growing band of tv journalists speaking honestly about the Brexit chaos.
It was the same at 5.00 PM on - brief intro re Brexit and then straight into interview with John Redwood - Q was he lurking outside the studio or is he on speed dial?
So: No one likes May’s Brexit No one with a brain wants a no deal Brexit There is no other Brexit available. Mmmmm, what to do?
Please notice , is naming it "blitz". Maybe there is some thunder echoing around after your lighten us with your bold work.
About bloody time
Right that’s it - let’s go to war... #WhatWouldMaggieDo #brexit #Spain
Some remainers still believe the big lie of the 2010 election. Hold your nose, stick with them to stop Brexit (because it’s much like austerity in impact) , and then let politics resume as normal.
Another thing I dislike about Brexit - knowing who JHB is
I can explain it quicker: Not actually Brexit, and worse than Remaining.
Anyone noticed a bad smell? This positively wreaks.
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
The Brexit Irish border dispute explained
Picture says it all, for god’s sake T. May stop lying and do the right thing, letting yourself and the UK down, you can hardly say you look and speak with enthusiasm about the wonderful deal you were given, the look on your face you know ur floggin a dead horse, still time for U!
#brexit Anyone thinking that the possession of vast amounts of cash will make things easy, should take example from May, Johnson and Rees-Mogg. Fortunately for Mankind - money cannot buy a brain..!
A good Brexit deal on Black Friday
How about a musical, artistic drinking party to celebrate the defeat of Brexit?
Well, I'd rather they traded six knighthoods and an Earldom to avoid a no-deal Brexit, than gave away another billion pounds of pork-barrel . A king can make a belted knight, a marquis, duke, and a’ that...
All that was on offer was "Brexit means #Brexit". Not one of the promises made has been delivered on. Not one. You denied people living in the EU a vote. You care not a jot for the #GFA or Gibraltar. And you have the temerity to talk about what people voted for? #StopBrexit
Because of the EU charter for human rights are integral to the protection of children in this country Brexit i fear will dilute them. No one voted for that did they? Nor were parents throughout the UK informed this was the rat risk.
Oh no it’s not, not when Corbyn is pushing for Brexit 2.0 with added belief! Any deal other than remain is bad for the U.K. He’s going to damage the country if he gets his way, make no mistake. I hate the Tories but on this Clarke is right, Labour’s noones hero while pro-brexit
Fixed it for you. “British Citizen, YOUR free movement will come to an end, once and for all...”
Bay of Pigs!
I thought you were responsible for articulating brexit policy as agreed by conference.
Not surprising, she gave the DUP a Billion to stay in Power, she’s like all power hungry autocrats, she’s terrified about her prospects personally should she lose power.
John how would you rate your contributions to subjects like Varadkar, Brexit, and Anglo-Irish relations in general? I'd be very curious to hear your response.
EA74 : #Gilets Jaunes - #Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News ...
Opinion: It's crunch time, Corbyn. You need to talk about Brexit and quickly
Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May’s deal?
I can explain it quicker: Not actually Brexit, and worse than Remaining.
It's not Brexit whatsoever we are remaining in all but name. There's the explanation
Well that tweet has broken up the usual late night Brexit bore bashing!
Shocked as I am to say it, there does appear to be an establishment conspiracy against Brexit | BrexitCentral
The Brexit Deal explained in less than 60 seconds: #BackTheBrexitDeal
John Major - John Major Brexit already diminished Britain's international standing
Eyes certainly rested now. Catching up on #C4News via 4oD - Theresa May wise enough to mention the 'no Brexit' option, not that she wants us to pick it. Sad case of tunnel vision.
Ever notice that because of #Brexit the Government proves it Couldn't run a bath Let alone a country?
Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal? - BBC News
#Spain bars May's way to Brussels #Brexit deal
this wont go down well with brexit voters..controls also mean reduction in numbers
It won’t be called off. Just another ploy to stop brexit so we continue to pay vast monies to prop up Spain and many of the other countries who don’t abide by many of the EU rules
I think the scummery that tricked dupes into Brexit are more aligned with xenophobia of Hitler.
Even Mogg the snooty lord of brexit said we may not be better off for 50 years, Redmond advised moving money to Europe, Farage’s kids have German passports, what do they think is going to happen?
A king can make a belted knight, A marquis, duke, and a’ that; But an honest man’s aboon his might, Gude faith, he maunna fa’ that!
What would happen if Parliament rejected the Brexit plan?
Post Brexit every beach with have a Border check point, "passports please" #bordercollie #bordercontrol #dogslife #dogsofinsta
When that #Brexit deal going so well you just gotta...
“I don’t want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hands.” Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
campaigned for remain, then ‘Brexit means Brexit’ Still a remainer but against a PV on the basis that Leave might win Has been supporting TM’s deal publicly recently Sitting on his hands re #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw ref fraud Which is a pity from the Minister for Justice
Theresa May is currently buying off her own MPs...
I wasn't gonna be a Brexit account for a week. Add me to the gc imo
I don’t remember seeing ‘proper Brexit’ on the ballot paper. Voting Leave was always magical thinking.
Christ. I almost, almost want a hard Brexit to show these idiots how delusional they are.
They need their villains as Brexit reality hits them in the face. The caricature looks pretty evil and nothing at all like Leo.
I got a letter from the government the other day, I opened it and read it. It said they were suckers and some cunts had voted for Brexit.
New post (Brexit tensions add to Gibraltar's 'tumultuous' relationship with Spain) has been published on Daily top pop -
‘It’s not a good deal’: Email blunder reveals doubts within the CBI about Theresa May's draft Brexit agreement
Yes, that’s silly Robbins. He didn’t do the work because of Davis’s incompetence. He did it because he was PS and PM’s Brexit adviser. Which is on the technical detail a bigger job than Davis’s
The Hub is working with agency suppliers to collect information that will help inform contingency planning around the possibility of a 'no-deal' #Brexit: #NHS #Workforce #procurement
Scotland voted overwhelmingly against Mrs Mayhem's suicidal No-Deal Wrexit and it it plain that Westminger's and Mrs Mayhem couldn't give a damn WHAT Scotland had to say, as they NEVER do! Independence is looking more attractive every day! Brits Out!
Dear are you getting a bite on the pills that so many are now taking since Brexit vote? Alcohol too? Fags? Business good?
So you’re supporting May’s brexit?
My hope is that parliament will be left with the choice of May's deal or no Brexit. In which case Corbyn will have to decide which mast he is going to nail his colours to. If he supports May he will lose all credibility with many in the Labour party &amp; everyone who voted Remain
GBP/USD Forecast: Likely to consolidate ahead of the next Brexit update over the weekend
IMO a significant problem with Brexit was a lack of formal procedure. I.e. when can article 50 be implemented, can it be implemented by royal perogitive, should or can there be a 2nd referendum to confirm the 1st etc.. All of these should have been considered beforehand. 2/end
Britain, E.U. agree on Brexit draft declaration via
On reflection, the more you read it, the more Theresa May’s Brexit deal works for the whole U.K, and is so much better than the alternatives. Also I’m a Knight now so you plebs need to start calling me “Sir”.
Is it me, or is the MP morphing into Golem ? My precious .... Brexit
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
On behalf of all the Leave voters I would like to thank all the stand up for Brexit MPs
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Once it was decided to Leave, there should have been open public meetings to decide the way forward, to provide a united front to EU. Instead petty political squabbling and a fifth column acting for EU calling for a second referendum. #EU #democracy #trade #Brexit #bbcaq
In these Brexit times, want to celebrate the essence of the British character? Well have I got a treat for you!
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Spain was standing between Theresa May and a Brexit deal as it threatened to derail an EU summit on Sunday if it does not get new assurances on having a say in the future of Gibraltar.
New post (Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected) has been published on News Broadcast Network -
Good. Just #Brexit with WTO rules and get the hell out!
Legally leaving the EU is by definition Brexit.
This is amazing. People now realize the #leave vote was a big mistake. #RemainerNow #Brexit We should have that people's vote.
Back May's deal or no #Brexit. Tough call but I choose no Brexit.
interesting concept. i believe you are referring to 'Her Majesty' by the way. well potentially, that could well happen. one way or another though, i don't think you'll find it is going to be necessary. why? well, all in good time as they say. Brexit will be the end of her IMO.
Gibraltar: What's it got to do with Brexit? - BBC News
If Brexit occurs, Irexit in some form is inevitable, which is why the Government, supported by an increasingly frantic establishment, has attempted to use the border to frustrate Brexit.
Brill. Well done
No #Brexit summit without Gibraltar deal: #Spain
Fake news alright. It’s a machine over here too of press activists posing as news reporter to brain wash people. They were in shock when we rose up Brexit. No way falling for rethoric bait. Carney is project fear in my opinion wish he would go back to Canada, no offence Canada. X
when rates are low property investors borrow and buy houses and value sour. people get angry for not able to buy property or afford the life they will vote for Brexit or trump causing political systems less trusted. 3/5
Interesting little read...There is no left-wing case for Brexit: 21st century socialism requires transnational organization via
Just do the right thing Teresa for your sake and country!
Why don't EU funded #BBCcomedy report top EU officials like Junkers boss #MartinSelmayr have been bragging about breaking up the UK and losing Northern Ireland would be the price Britain had to pay for #Brexit? #nishkumar #mashreport #teztalks #politicsforbitches #HIGNFY #ST
Brexit deal negotiations: Why the government has stopped talking up 'frictionless' trade
GLOBALIST CONTROL SERVERS SHUT DOWN WORLDWIDE. . #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews #labour #tories #trump #toryparty #ukip #conservatives #christians #qanon
Who would've thunk it...the honours list ain't so honourable after all
The ref was two and a half years ago. Democracy didn't end then, we have since had a GE about brexit and the PM lost her mandate, She upset HM and electorate by using our money to buy more votes from the DUP, it must be illegal to do that? This PM is insane and must be stopped
Bradley is just like May. She has been played a puppet by TM by backing her BETREYAL of a Brexit deal. Karen has, to this day, still refused to bring in Direct Rule ministers, letting public services go to waste, nor is she doing anything to restore Stormont. Failure of a SoS.
Mr Blobby went on Loose Women and gave the most reasoned #Brexit opinion yet.
Could you introduce Jeremy Corbyn as the IRA PLO terrorist supporting leader of the opposition each time please? #Brexit
PM issues knighthood ahead of crucial Brexit vote
I ask the same about the Tories after abject humiliation that is this Brexit deal that breaks every single promise you gang of charlatans have made since the referendum. Speaks volumes about , how can anyone remain lined to them? #extoryvoter #newUKIPvoter
What could be worth than #Brexit ? Toilet roll on backwards. #catastrophy
corruption at the heart of Downing Street.. #itvnews #channel4news #c4news #bbcpapers #skypapers #bbcqt #r4today #marr #bbcaq #BBCR4today #Newsnight #bbcdp #bbcsp #GMB #PoliticsLive #bbcaq #ITN #bbcpm
Strong and stable
Absolutely the worst. The UK ceases to be a nation under and if Remain voters think they have "won" through the back door they should read and be very afraid. Thus "deal" has been made by the EU for the EU. Give us real #Brexit
Theresa May's post-Brexit plan fails to win over Tory waverers
No deal is brexit! Stop LYING
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
Deselection is too good for 'em.. "Tho' cowards flinch and traitors" ........
Brexit: May says EU will not offer ‘better deal’ if agreement rejected
I more meant we need as many ideologue MPs as possible to refuse to vote for May's version of Brexit. The real threat now is that enough bend to govt will along with DUP, bits of Labour, Lid-Dem "oranges" etc. It's a weird world but brextremists have their moment to shine.
The best way to settle it is to withdraw Article 50 and then resign. Otherwise we've got at least 10-20 years+ before it's in any way settled. Be straight with yourself and with the public - The Brexit that was promised is undeliverable.
Resign and save us all the hassle. No deal is preferable to this dog's dinner.
Put there deliberately to stop Brexit!
if you paid a decent wage and let them work a full week.not part might get staff..nothing to do with brexit.idoit
To quote: “Only needs a Germany and France agreement” (never mind what the rest of Europe thinks). “Needs to be done in weeks and months not years”, (before UK escapes with #Brexit)
wait. What.....
Check before you get sucked into these tweet threads. This Grayson Clarke fella has 19 followers and yet succeeds in getting over 200 RTs from this one tweet, and this is all pro Russia pro Brexit stuff. Seems a bit fishy to me. The Russians love Brexit and propaganda.
Read below, it is quite accurate and hilarious. The Brexit campaigners admitted on live TV, the day after the vote, that the 3 primary reasons they gave for Brexit were all lies. Then they walked away and said "you...
I spent the weekend trying to explain Brexit to my Dutch relatives. All MPs should be forced to do this and to look into the faces of supporters that are filled with complete bafflement...
I guess Gibraltarians are really happy with #Brexit, aren't they?
Oh gosh yes, what a perfect analogy
Time until BREXIT is 125 days, 22 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Similar to Brexit in the UK. To 1970s-style Leftists (Corbyn, McDonnell, Skinner) Brexit is a good thing that will allow them to nationalize private industries. To younger Leftists any benefits from Brexit are far outweighed by the principles of Free Movement, intl governance.
There are 3011 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 3011 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
U.K. Inches Toward a Smooth Brexit, but Domestic Opposition Remains -
Brexit is 3023 hours away. #brexit
To recklessly pursue an elastic brexit is foolhardy, to refuse to consider a trusty brexit is arrogant.
It's a shame. He started off really well. Gave the establishment a kick up the backside over Brexit. But what on earth is going on with him recently???
Good news! We are selling the factory in the U.K. so Brexiters get less immigrants, spain gets more production and employment and I don’t have to worry about brexit anymore!
After Brexit the UK would be able to bring back duty-free on travel within Europe. Duty-free shopping was abolished by the EU in 1999.
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
The way Brexiters, particularly English ones (although also the DUP), talk down the very real threat Brexit poses to Northern Ireland, regardless of the unionist-nationalist divide, is hugely dispiriting to witness, and perfectly illustrates the empire mentality fuelling it.
blank brexit
About the best article I’ve read on Brexit. Everyone should read.
Not a bad effort, but IMO, like most UK Brexit commentary, too binary. A No Deal Brexit isn't a good outcome for EU either. An extension of time on condition that a Referendum/Remain is an option seems to me to a more likely &amp; far more sensible way forward. What's the hurry?
Obviously I'm not keen in either, but I think May's interpretation of Brexit is a lot nearer in substance to what most Leave voters wanted than that of the Brexit cheerleaders in politics and in the media.
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - Studio Easel Artist Art Craft Display For Drawing Board Artist Sketching
Vauxhall job losses: Car plant redundancies 'not #Brexit related'
Thought-provoking stuff from R. Tombs. "We would be voluntarily putting ourselves under the control of people whose interest is to make sure that we are not seen to prosper after Brexit. It is so stupid, it is almost unbelievable."
I'm not for randomly condemning people for issues they know nothing about. It works both ways. Just stop this stupidity. Spend your energy on something more constructive. There's a Brexit to stop.
“How did we get into this Brexit mess?” simple (Decades) plus a campaign con of Lies Deceit Electoral crimes Fraud Cakeism Nativism Exceptionalism Racism + when you “win” not 1 of the cowards who sold it can own/deliver on any part of it eg. “many solutions” to NI border
I agree but think it's coupled with task fixation .Once a target has been acquired she presses on relentlessly . Immigration target led to Windrush. Fixing on to Immigration/FoM leads to the form of Brexit she is promoting .
May's can-kicking Brexit agreement faces likely defeat in Parliament, argues :
I have to admit with everything going on over here I missed the Brexit train. I've been meaning to research it, but I just haven't had time. I get the what you're saying, tho. Cheer
Lol, no worries. Affect/effect are interchangeable according to the dictionary but they’re not in my eyes. I fucking hate Brexit btw. A small part of me hopes there’s no deal so we remainers can all say “I told you so!”
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - Mister Maker Doodle Drawers Bumper Craft Kit
They were having technical difficulties, so they had to rerun May's "ask me a question" - couldn't find anything unbiased,,,
Debunked: 40 Reasons to Back the Brexit Deal -
EU struggles to agree on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
True. Plus I suspect that the Brexit vote was at least partly down to English retirees in Wales. And Wales gave us the first few seasons of Doctor Who and it gave us
Spain bars May’s way to Brussels Brexit deal - CreaWorldNews -
fair enough, if that’s your view, me? I feel she comes across as a lot less assured, even nervous when talking about the brexit deal. She doesn’t know the future, no one does, that would be an arrogant think to presume to know. But breaking big manifesto pledges...not saintly
This is the thing, #Brexit will lose a GE but possibly keep Tories in power rather than see Jezza as PM
A strong leader is prepared to admit when they are wrong. A weak leader blindly stumbles into chaos because they are too afraid to admit they are wrong. Brexit is wrong and well over 50% of the country knows it and wants to stop it. But ALL our politicians are weak. Sad times
Apologies if I’m coming across like a lunatic, I’m having a Brexit meltdown tonight for some reason. You are right on the mark there Bonnie. There is no reason I can see for not including those of 16 &amp; 17 in the vote. Excluding Brits abroad for more than 15 years was plainly 1/
Hell no —
She’s made a bollocks of every Job she’s had,, the Woman is dangerous and the sooner we are rid of her and her odious Party the better.
Running a seafood business on the eve of Brexit
What would happen if Parliament rejected the Brexit plan?
Oh go away and accept responsibility for your fuck up, your fantasies, your delusions and your mind numbing stupidity. This brexit shitshow is down to brexiters, and is yours alone
Voices of Brexit: Far-reaching impact on ordinary lives
It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit
If you know lots of Brexit voters you must have a pretty pants social life.
Where’s our facking Brexit!
UK / EU / BREXIT / PREDICTED IMPACT OF BREXIT ON IMPORTS TO UK: (compare, however with Northern Ireland Affairs Committee testimonies of Karlsson &amp; Maessen, tweeted about previously.)
Third of Brexit voters believe Muslim immigration is part of a secret plot to Islamicise Britain, study ... #Topbuzz
Brilliant idea! Hit those "leavers" where you can! "Kill ' m with kindness!"
MP calls for clarity for #EU citizens after #Brexit
Oh fuck off idiot
#brexit #Spain #Gibraltar Spain, STFU about Gibraltar you spineless hypocrites.
Petition: STOP #BREXIT
5 presently in a cost cutting measure world side inc big cuts in NI. There is no doubt Brexit is an influence on this in N I. Its production output is about 40% of NI mnf output. That shows dismal mnf output &amp; its vulnerability. Without its begging bowl its already dead &amp; buried,
Business community has 'swallowed PM propaganda', says DUP's Wilson
The only thing worse than the shambles that Theresa May has made of Brexit to date is the utter lies and hypocrisy of Marxist Labour...
So we could get rid of Brexit *and* May? Sounds ideal!
And I get that under normal circumstances, but to see all these FBPE accounts saying Brexit will ruin the nation while sticking with the Tories or Labour is just weird.
Time to change to #remainernow and join the wave of the future. Peston said that MPs are now telling him that remain is the only option. We're going to win! Brexit was always going to founder on the rocks of its own fundamental stupidity.
Mutton head Mundell should resign because he is a bare faced liar! To be expected of his ilk of course!
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
The British polititians rejected Brexit.
Please do not take the public for idiots. The half truths and misdirection in this video is scandalous. I'm a #ProudTory and proud I voted for #Brexit but I do not appreciate being treated as a complete imbecile. #NoDealBrexit please
Cluelessness and Casual Racism are set to be post-brexit England's top exports.
73.9K views, 544 retweets, 1237 likes! That’s how poor this deal is! #Brexit #Fakesit
Femi -bit of a dilemma - do you keep advocating for a second referendum knowing it’s uncertain to happen or switch to backing May’s super-soft Brexit as it’s better than the hard ‘no deal’ Brexit that’s likely to happen if it doesn’t get approved by parliament - must be tricky!
Pretty tough to be #StillWithHer now that isn't #resist-ing!
If Brexit goes ahead, I hope Scotland secedes and takes Northern Ireland and Wales with her to stay in the EU, leaving Boris, Mogg, Farage and their ilk of pathetic little Englanders to wallow in their antediluvian delusions of sovereignty.
I think you are imply the bigger problem, big though the Brexit Issue is, is the split in society and the toxic nature of political debate.The referendum process has damaged us as country and, as you say, it needs healing and this “compromise” deal offers the best chance.
I can’t believe ‘ending free movement’ is being sold to me as a positive #ohohimtrappedlikeafoolIminacageIcantgetoutyouseeImtrappedcantyouseeImsoconfusedIcantgetout
UN GLOBALISTS RUN OUT OF MONEY: #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews #labour #tories #trump #toryparty #ukip #conservatives #christians #qanon #bbcswitchoff #msm #globalists
Just watched the full #PMQ of 21 Nov . Clearly somebody has got at . Obvious her proposed #Brexit deal significantly worse than remaining in #EU . Defending the indefensible to save her face is unacceptable and must be voted down #StopBrexitSaveBritain
No it’s a horrible trait of a stubborn woman who basically saying ‘I’m right you’re wrong accept it or else’ there will be no Brexit which is disgraceful &amp; won’t be forgiven.
At Butlins this weekend with mates (not my choice I hasten to add. I cannot hasten that enough) and it genuinely is like an avant garde, post-apocalyptic, directed, Brexit bonanza; both horrifying and morbidly hilarious.
May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal via
These Tory MPs Have Indicated They Won’t Vote For Theresa May's Brexit Deal -
This civil service lot seem to be running the flipping show - the shisters. #MayMustGo along with the whole lot of them! #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
These Tory MPs Have Indicated They Won’t Vote For Theresa May's Brexit Deal -
This is incredible. So many lies and empty promises over #Brexit
This....
If you’re a Writer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Huh? So any Brits living in the EU who could, as a result of Brexit, lose their right to live there shouldn't have a say about their future? What about their grandkids that may be too young to vote and rely on their family to vote for their future on their behalf?
I’m 100% Remain but Remainers have made a big mistake by rejecting an EEA style Brexit. They even mimic the slogans of the Brexiteers! They also reject Labour (hence the need to lie about Corbyn). Under FPTP, they’re the only hope (unless you live in Scotland).
We are supposed to accept your disaster because there's no time left ? No Deal looks appealing. Step aside and let someone else give negotiating a shot.
Is this not what Brexit voters wanted? an end to freedom of movement for low skilled workers? Don’t the UK only want high skilled/high earner immigrants?
This country is broken...
I wasn’t linking the salary cut to Brexit. I was challenging your notion that lack of growth isn’t the same as loss. If your salary was cut by 10%, you’d still be making money, but not as much. Presumably you wouldn’t like that.
That moment - sorry, months - when Labour has no solid position on Brexit apart from “Um...”
Top ten financial centres in the world. No EU cities apart from Brexit London. Zurich is in non-EU Switzerland.
Plus you got that Brexit thing goin on. Which sounds really, really fun.
Brexit actually hurts the UK. Meanwhile, Donald is a tumour for the US. Both the UK and US are screwed right now!
He should get shit for liking Matt Ridley in a tweet too. Couldn't read the article he linked about his brexit views though- paywall. He's a well known climate change denier!
And they'll have brexit in the background and foreground for the rest of their lives #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Huh? So any Brits living in the EU who could, as a result of Brexit, lose their right to live there shouldn't have a say about their future? What about their grandkids that may be too young to vote and rely on their family to vote for their future on their behalf?
These mags will make a massive comeback after Brexit when we've no internet, and two copies of Razzle will get you four rats for Sunday dinner.
Strange, I don't know one leave voter that believe May's deal delivers Brexit, not a one.
Today's "Paper-Clips : Staple News" is out #brexit #oil
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
Why the UK-EU distinction? We’re still pre-Brexit.
Christmas pudding is worse than Brexit.
RT RT RT FOLLOWERS OF TRUTH AGAINST PERSICUTION. .. #ezekiel2517 TRUMP AFTER BREXIT SAID TAT WE TOOK OUR COUNTRY BACK..NOW HE SAYS EU WILL COME B4 UK BCOZ OF BREXIT..FORGOTTEN
True North’s sat down with the Leave campaign’s lead economist, Andrew Lilico, in London last month to discuss the bungling of #Brexit #cdnpoli
Hello . Is Lynn one of yours? Enjoy even smaller congregations when they discover how much worse off we all are after Brexit. At least doesn’t wear a dog collar when he talks Brexit bullshit on TV
#Newsnight So, some of the right-wing newspapers, whose relentless lies and propaganda got us into this Brexit fiasco are now belatedly changing their tune. No matter, it's far too late - the end result looks like it will be far worse than any of us imagined back in June 2016.
Well then. Give us some juice, man. Who/what/when etc
Theresa May and the cruel Tory party are the Real humiliation for Britain!
Nope
We already lost. Hadn’t you heard?
Expose Brexit dark money via
UK / EU / BREXIT / PREDICTED IMPACT OF BREXIT ON FREIGHT &amp; ROAD HAULAGE: (PREDICTIONS OF ) (Link to full thread)
Canada, UK finalise post-Brexit nuclear cooperation
Brexit negotiations in Westminster can’t beat the fun that’s kicking off up here #yoyp
Be careful with the balconies !!
BBC News - Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
They absolutely do. Again it is my fear that whilst so much uncertainty over Brexit dominates the political will &amp; discussion..at the moment getting any legislation other than brexit related bills through is like walking through clay. AND if they get the no deal crash out.. Well
Well done ! Its bad enough that millions of Remainers think you are a silly but even the Germans are laughing at you now! And - you do not escape ridicule with your Dover comment #BrexitJokers
Is it too late for me to change my position? Sir Andrew Parnall has such a nice ring to it don't you think? That or a peerage, Lord Andrew of Fuckbrexitshire would be nice.
Please, please, please. Let’s just leave. Let’s leave on WTO terms and close our fishing grounds off. We want our sovereignty back. I used to just want to leave the EU political experiment but now I’m beginning to hate it. With allies like these who could possibly need enemies?
This insanity is rapidly approaching it's end game.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Make the most of the Brexit divide on the stock market #makeMoneyOnline #news
This will cheer you up if you've had a #BlackFriday #BlackFriday2018
Brexit means Brexit. Suck it up
'Exaggerated ideas of national superiority have fuelled the most self-destructive policy mistakes of modern European history'
Am I supposed to take the word of discredited pro remain economists instead. All ways round economists have a dismal record on Brexit. Almost none of remain supporting economists predictions came true about immediately a vote to leave, pro Brexit economists haven't been tested...
If you voted Brexit, i.e. to end our current relationship with the EU, took a look at the new relationship and changed your mind. You're a patriot &amp; I love you. If you don't even like this Brexit but want to continue it anyway, just because "You won", you're the problem.
Classic life.
There will be massive unrest especially from the silent majority
This would mean UK Citiz without a degree or equivalent: - will only get EU visas for 11-mths (24 if &lt;30) - will have little chance of getting permanent jobs in the EU - or (much cheaper) year or longer rental contracts - or any chance of promotion from a temporary job 1/
Whatever happens we'll never stop talking about Brexit
Just have a good think at what you are doing Theresa May, you know in you mind that this is a bad deal and you lying about it is now showing on your expressions, stop the lies and get back to supporting the UK, the EU will dump you once Brexit is done! You will be classed same!
I was remian, but there is no strategy for stopping brexit right now.
The words of a narrow minded old xenophobe. Brexit won’t do anything for non-EU groups you refer to, missed the point. Immigrants have been coming here in numbers the 50s - all religions, all races, they’ve helped make this country what it is Ps Every race has criminals
This is 's deal and May's deal alone. Neither of her BREXIT secretaries agreed it, and she forced it through the cabinet denying them a vote. If defeated in the Commons she should have no choice but to resign. But probably won't.
59 &amp; over the hill Deborah!You’re past your prime, nothing to offer! #brexit fools !!!!! Experience in #life is something that, as you get older, is one of the things we have, that we can pass on &amp; younger people can’t ! #ageconcern #experience #olderworkers #jobsforover50
May’s Brexit deal is worse than a Corbyn government, Arlene Foster tells Saturday’s Times
#WTO - The Deal superior to #Mays Deal and gives #Brexit Voters what we asked for! It’s #Brexit!
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Brexit news: Merkel's swipe at UK amid threat to DERAIL Brexit | Politics | News |
4: Case point 2- EU Reform. I would be completely for Independence if the EU reformed current Free speech, Copy-right and Scottish intergration Policy after Brexit. (This would also have to include UK reform and Scottish reform to maximise chance of Re-integrating into The Eu.
is fighting for the party not her job.....#brexit is their creation....
We are never going to agree, but on such matters as Brexit, and the good of the British people, Politicians should serve all the people, all of the time, we all think differently, but want Britain to succeed, common sense must prevail, party politics must take step back. In
A large percentage prove them selves to be true, a lot of people believe the twin towers was a demolition job,and millions believe there where no weapons of mass destruction. The worst one is people believed May could deliver Brexit, some are true and some are crazy, ask May
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
If there was a Brexiterr in charge of this you might have a case but since it’s a remainer steering the good ship #Brexit when and or if it “runs aground” it will be May at the helm and she will be to blame.
There is no one definitive Brexit idea. Many upper class Brexiters like the global trading side of things but much of the working class Brexiters did vote due to immigration.
There’s a part of me that blames for the mess we’re in. If Nick Clegg had not chosen to side with the tories in the first instance we wouldn’t have suffered the austerity, Cameron, May and Brexit.
Good article regarding no deal and Dover
this says everything I need to know. "I'd never heard of Brexit before that but I have been passionate about it ever since I got the job."
Faced with the awfulness which is The Battoid, the NEC &amp; party will surely afford you a new constitution and the powers necessary to free you to work for a True Brexit, not the Quisling alternative proffered by our utterly mendacious PM
Brexit broadcasting corporation should be ashamed. Farage promoters from the beginning.
Investigation: How a UK power couple link US libertarians and fossil fuel lobbyists to Brexit |
He, like other Remainers have completely missed the point of Brexit. After all this time they still don’t understand that we voted to leave, and we are 29th March 2019
Situational gravity realisation example here,
Indeed! There's been reports of dodgy funding and activites from leave campaign. Most of the champions for Brexit are rich right-wingers and I know why. There's also our government falling apart over it now, as our government in power can't agree with it
Foster warns support for Conservatives may be revisited over #Brexit
Brexiteers love blaming others for the fact that the whole concept of Brexit was never and will never live up to all the wonderful utopia fantasies they made it out to be.
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
Thoughts? Anyone with legal expertise able to comment?
What about the EU pension Jim? Will you be taking it after Brexit?
Is it just me that doesn’t give a flying hoot about #Brexit it’s doing my tits in now
#Brexit cartoons are the best aren't they?
You know keeping us in the customs union means we can't do our own Fta's you know being members of the single market means we have to put EU tarrifis on imported goods non of this is brexit but this is what Labour want to do, remind me what did you do in the referendum campaign?
May’s Brexit Deal Has a Fatal Defect The agreement makes Britain a perpetual subordinate. " This is no longer a flawed but defensible compromise. It’s a capitulation."
Britain declares independence from itself and her nations are cast to the wind as collateral. #Brexit
Liberal England... Lord Bonkers' Diary: "Fella's expectin' a hard Brexit":
Reader’s comment: If #Brexit fails, democracy falls with it
May heads to Brussels for Brexit talks as Gibraltar row rumbles on
Nick; as there is no such thing as a #RacistRemainer; it must logically follow that all certified racist's voted affirmatively for #Brexit. That however does not mean everyone who voted Brexit is racist, just rancorous.
Dear - You Don’t Speak For Me on #Brexit. Let’s get it trending! #YouDon’tSpeakForMe
Brexit sends everyone bonkers
Well as all the architects of Brexit ran away who else was left to implement the fantasy ?
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
given the state of Brexit and the world more generally at the moment, how likely would you be to do a three way? — how willing am i? he'll yeah how likely? got more chance of america disarming as a nation
Poseur Leavers really like to imagine that Brexit wasn’t primarily about immigration.
Because there isn't a Brexit deal that's BETTER than the status quo.
"Three options. None of them likely". I keep reading that. Only something as mad as Brexit could make that statement true..
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
She should be on the stage.give her an Oscar
Pound Slides As 'Gibraltar Issue' Threatens To Blow Up Brexit Talks | Zero Hedge
"An electoral force." They forced you to lose seven times?
Red white and blue brexit.
Tories gave you the referendum, you voted for brexit, presumably you also voted Tory too, - I don't see you as being a Corbynist. - Then Tories delivered brexit. So there you are in a nut shell.
If it's an ice-cream, think about your waistline. If it's a bottle of whisky, have an ice-cream. If it's a hard Brexit then you're probably beyond help.
The Brexit saga just drags on - like some 3rd rate “soap” drama. Amazing how nearly everyone seems to dislike May’s Chequers deal - pretty much the only thing that unites the country!
Mrs May bought #DUP for £1 billions to remain PM, now #JohnHayes given unexpected knighthood so that May’s rotten #Brexit deal can be passed! This is bribery in its worst form! #MayInBrussels #NoDeal
Remoaners make me sick to the core of my stomach. Millions died to prevent a foreign power from ruling our country in two wars. Yet there they are endorsing everything our soldiers died for. #brexit #BrexitBetrayal #MayOut #Conservatives #UKLabour #LimpDems
They are completely destroying Brexit. They are already talking about having another vote.
Theresa May. Champion of the peeple, yeah!!
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
"It would not welcome a no-deal Brexit that led to a hard border in Ireland." You sure about that?
Double standards abound in supremacist history, resulting in the cakeism politics of legacy matters ("our boys should have immunity for war and it wasn't a war"), language legislation (British standards would threaten British way of life), Brexit, etc.
Ever since the vote the Brexit camp have been trying everything they can to lock it in - which lets you know they stand to benefit big time.
I don’t see how capitulating to assholes helps anyone. This makes no sense to me -&gt; Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists via
Calculating The Brexit Arithmetic
I agree with a remain voter I fully understand why another referendum would be an insult to people and likely evoke an emotional vote.I know of several remain voters who would consider voting Brexit now.I don’t know of any Brexit voters who changed mind.
Perhaps seb should lead the brexit negotiations
If Brexit incurs an opportunity loss, a supply deficit, or a licensing hurdle, then in some instances, the drugs may not be there. So why the rush? The facile comments? 'Do people outside the EU die?' you ask. The answer is, sometimes.
Oh boy, that is one terrifying Brexit army out there.
Dear - You Don’t Speak For Me on #Brexit. Let’s get it trending! #YouDontSpeakForMe
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar #usa #colorado #vacation
Ending freedom of movement hurts the British ‘educated’ children of the futureGenerations, and yes, they will come from Sunderland, Barnsley, Lincolnshire and South Wales but not in the numbers that will have swayed the original Brexit vote. The future should belong to the brave!
Did you vote for Brexit then or are you just imagining why people voted to Leave?
via Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal Reuters World News
IMO he sees the world as a zero sum game; if Russia is to be strong, others such as the USA, and the EU, need to be weakened. As such, things that turn the people of those nations against each other work well - such as Brexit and Trump.
And what about Spain’s claim to the bits of Morocco that are on the African continent?
'king Brexit
still think the Ports will clinch it...and also a jobs first brexit
Actually I agree 100% with Farage. Parliament should have ignored completely the advisory poll and Brexit stopped in 2016. We literally pay 650 MPs to do what is in the best national interest. In exactly what Swiss Parliament has done:
Corbyn says another Brexit referendum is an 'option for the future'
"Career politician" As enjoyable as he was promoting Brexit, he counter signals anyone that goes against the grain of the EU. A disappointment, but not unexpected. Also I'm sure he'd rather give well paid speeches than be accountable for anything
This sort of shit is what you need to take the oxygen out of.
If Corbyn changed mind now on Brexit he could topple the government and enter No. 10 in a coalition government. But I think his ideological prejudice is too strong to.
I ask you. I implore you. Do not retweet this thread. David Davis is SAS trained and can kill people with his thumbs. He might come after you It might be dangerous! Except he’s a fucking useless cock who has achieved nothing Do don’t worry about it. And retweet away!
So we're back to the earlier point. This is Brexit, this is what it looks like. This is what people voted for.
10 followers in 6 years. Bot? Or Boring?
A perfect, complete and succinct explanation.
Proves more support for deal than other, ie reject. That element split between G.E., renegotiate, second referendum, no deal #Brexit and remain in EU. Get real for crying out loud.
I will not apologies for telling the truth and repeating it until the perpetrators are behind the bars. #Farage knew about #TommyRobinson alliance with #UKIP’s other one since 10/02/2011. My bill shows I screamed my lungs at Nigel for 12 min after meeting at Christian Concern
How can you shame a Gov that has no shame and are totally devoid of empathy.
She's got no chance whatsoever.
No Dan, Brexiter’s are just asking May to Honour her pledge that ‘Brexit means Brexit’. They’re not extremist!
The latest The Jonathan Mason Daily! Thanks to #brexit #blackfriday
Hark at the Guardian, referring to Gibraltar as a "disputed territory". Why do left-wingers seek to do our opponents' work for them? Why do they loathe concepts like nationhood and patriotism? Let's help them out: Gibraltar is a "BRITISH" territory!
Its possible. The overall story is significant softening, while polarising. How far the hard end is polarising because of Brexit, or more other things (Islamism &amp; far right extremism, anti-Muslim views) or how those different issues interact is tricky to gauge
If Spain vetoes Brexit do we automatically go to no deal on 29th March?
Brexit binds the hands of any future parliament and takes rights away from all of our kids. Time to bin it.
I’m going to go with liar, because has been lying to everyone ever since the referendum, leading this country up the EU path to Remain. Once a Remainer, always a Remainer! Liar, liar, democracy on fire!
Very, simply... Ghandi, was an Indian. He, fought for human rights. In 1893, as a First Class passenger on a train, he was thrown off the train. In, court, he was described as an unwelcome visitor. This, Brexit agreement, is unwelcome. Alien to OUR society, worth FIGHTING FOR!
Why not? Nobody expected Trump or Brexit Mainstream media has a recent habit of being very wrong
May's not getting the best Brexit deal EU will accept. In Jan 2018 a Commission Official described Lab's 'starting point' as 'better' than that of the Tories - 'alignment rather than divergence' - and the Customs Union proposal as 'much better' 'all good'. We'd get a better deal.
Brexit polling summary: The voters strongly oppose: * The deal * Leaving without taking the deal * Reversing the result without a referendum * Holding another referendum
The Daily Telegraph ‘linked to extremists’
KateHoey, I think you Brexiters have more than done your fair bit to make Brexit impossible to implement.
This is surely the funniest yet from : Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
What's going on with Bath rugby it's been down hill for the last 8 years,it's about time we had a change to many old boys trying to get an average bunch to perform,at this rate we will get relegated and never get back up.Brexit is going better than Bath rfc
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
#Brexit is climbing a ladder Deciding not to climb anymore and just stepping off.
Time to admit defeat.
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
As an ex member you don't speak for me on this and I generally agree with you. Where have UKIP been since the referendum in pushing for the brexit I voted for?
Chances are we will be stuck with the Tory government for a long time after Brexit. Why? Because survey after survey shows that the British public is wrong about almost everything (due to our right-wing media).
May’s Brexit Deal – Random Public Journal
Varadkar’s Backstop has poisoned the well as far as a ‘Deal’ is concerned. The only option for the UK now is No Deal Brexit on WTO terms. Personally I would break off diplomatic relations with Dublin. Their conduct has been pretty disgusting.
Your mishandling of brexit is forcing more people to join the only guaranteed party that will honour the referendum
Yes, hope the bastard ends up bankrupt
Might be the only way to sort it out!
The #EU is offering a poor deal in order to thwart #Brexit #Remainers have only sought to convince the #EU that their actions might just prove fruitful.
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario What CRAP this guy speaks! Has he forgotten that it was the Irish, Greek, &amp; Portuguese banks (EURO countries) that caused last bank crash!
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Of course he would. Jeremy Corbyn appointed a #Brexit Secretary who doesn’t support Brexit. This won’t, I’m afraid win Mansfield or Middlesbrough South.
The Good, the Bad &amp; the Queen interview closing #C4News tonight was heartening - a reminder most Brits are decent, considerate people regardless of Brexit madness.
I'll be voting UKIP and to hell with it all. Lifelong Tory voter but they deserve to be decimated if Brexit fails.
Scottish salmon producers say May's Brexit plans pose serious questions | Article [AMP] | Reuters
in an effort to spice up brexit ac grayling and andrew neil will be fighting nude and to the death in a gladiatorial arena.
"Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal" -
UK, EU agree on draft Brexit political declaration
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
wrong. Penalising people for exercising their right to FOM was wholly unjust. If May’s deal is the only one on offer, which I suspect it is, the vote should be simple with 3 options. Accept May’s terms for Brexit, reject terms for no deal Brexit or reject Brexit entirely. 2/2
No-one is claiming the WA is perfect but business has concluded that it’s a workable deal. The alternative of course is no Brexit.
You don’t want to acknowledge why it’s your fault - which is understandable, as this would mean actually taking responsibility and admitting that Brexit was a huge con and we’ve made a massive mistake. Pretty sure I’d feign wilful ignorance as well if in same position
I don’t know what brexit is anymore. All I know is whatever it is or was meant to be, The tories have fucked it up.
I have always been mystified why racists get so angry when you point out their racism Less so now with #Brexit, to be fair
The Great Brexit March is on the 9th December in London as many people as possible needed to support this march for our country. Please support it if you can.
And the vicar begat a daughter who grew into the most powerful person in the land. Lo’, the daughter cried unto God saying ‘Oh Lord, my servants &amp; my people have forsaken me. What should a good Christian do?’ And God said ‘Bribe them with peerages &amp; persecute foreigners Theresa’.
The Great Brexit March. 9th December in London,please support it, if you can. Should have been first Sunday in December but has been changed,due to Lord Pearson giving a talk in Parliament on the 10th Dec,we can show them how we feel by supporting this march for our country.
Please could you share. Great Brexit March in London 9th December 2018. Lord Pearson is due to give a talk in Parliament on the 10th Dec so this is our chance to show them that we want Brexit. Anyone who can will you please support it for our country.
We should never have had a vote in the first place. That’s why we elect our politicians. However, we did and so the result should stand in my humble opinion. Democracy is more important than this Remain/Brexit hard/soft nonsense.
The Great Brexit March in London on the 9th December, Lord Pearson to give a speech in Parliament on the 10th Dec so this is our chance to show them that we want the Brexit we voted for. Please support it if you can,as many people as possible are needed in this fight for our GB.
And why has she got a whole shelf of peppers in her fridge? Is she hoarding them in case of a no deal Brexit?
Piss off. We've had a vote,it was Brexit.
Well done Arlene!
Its not Brexit You should resign
The fact that TM has caved into EU demand just shows that the EU are making it as difficult as possible to leave cause they know there are other countries lining up wanting to leave aswell. Then the EU will crumble within years and will only have themselves to blame. #brexit
Actually that report was 14 days after he became Brexit Sec.
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal ...
Our Readers Reader’s comment: If Brexit fails, democracy falls with it
So incredulous a response, the audience were patronised by your words on the apparent pros of the EU (work to increase standards with breast implants?) ppl are dying trying to cross the EUs racist borders but we dont know anything bc weve not done an unpaid internship in the EU?
10 yrs is the max, I'd be calling on 5 yrs. Wait till its farmers end up penniless &amp; it will get no Foreign Direct Investment which has driven the Rep economy. Its mnf output is shriveling before our eyes. No doubt the DUP Brexit strategy has speeded the whole process up.
Peter Brookes on #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitAgreement – political cartoon gallery in London
The British PM hates Peace. And we all know who He is. #BRexit #UK
BACK OFF SPAIN. Gib belongs to the UK NOT SPAIN...... Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News #Gibraltar #Brexit #May #wtfock
Is this the third attemt at German Hegemony?
Not often mentioned en English press is Spain's Brexit veto option:
this match like brexit?? All chat no action?
I ask you. I implore you. Do not retweet this thread. David Davis is SAS trained and can kill people with his thumbs. He might come after you It might be dangerous! Except he’s a fucking useless cock who has achieved nothing So don’t worry about it. And retweet away!
I wish I could believe this. But listeners have been let down so many times by editors and presenters. Let us hope they all sober up soon...
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists trump-brexit?CMP=share_btn_tw
Nick - in a local social media group people were complaining this morning about the delivery time of Kevin the carrot as it would occur when kids were at School and the kids would apparently like to see the lorry (a normal delivery lorry), Brexit is the least of our concerns
maybe but this time the brexit elite would be conspicuous by their failure to actually do brexit
Good news inspite of brexit that the medias do not report
odd that a democracy should not account for those who never gave a toss about Brexit
Ash Sarkar is allegedly intelligent, and not a try-hard shill for the madfuck that is the current Labour leadership. I leave you to judge.
It's all Brexit ever was really, just hyped up lies about foreign people attached to some vague economic argument. I'm not a #QueueJumper but I'd take a diverse and friendly community over Theresa May's xenophobic hellscape.
Which is why Brexit must sink with the Tories. They started it, they own it, it must end through its own contradictions with them and only them.
The British PM hates Peace. And we all know Who He is. #BRexit #UK (Ah well, we tried.)
As was just explained very clearly on #newsnight just now by May's top promoter, this deal is only good because it delivers "a" Brexit which targets immigration - the key reason for the vote (gov's words). That's it. Not better for the country. Only more anti-immigrant.
I hope so. But I don't think so.
who can afford it? there's more chance of a re-partition than unity but actually neither is likely as position will be "frozen" like Scotland as fresh eurozone crisis follows Brexit (i am speculating tbf)
If you’re a #Conservative member you’ll have received your email this afternoon, and no doubt seen on here too, a document called “40 Reasons to Back the #Brexit Deal” The problem is it’s not...
The latest The Casdaq Daily! #brexit #blackfriday
New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit. The Trump strategist and controversial Big Data company communicated about raising U.S. funds for Brexit in 2015.
The EU does not want a deal. This anti-democratic empire wants to crush Brexit via
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal #Brexit
Does respect for the result make it actually better? I mean fundamentally better for everyday people? #brexitdilemma
May heads to Brussels for #Brexit talks as Gibraltar row rumbles on
A previous version of this story incorrectly stated the U.K. will leave the European Union at the end of March 2020. The correct year is 2019.
If #FOM #Freedomofmovement is so good the EU will be more than happy to give Brits work permits in the EU after Brexit
Agree. More data is needed. But this focus on Brexit specific dates and events may be missing the kind of mobilisation triggers that get networks like Tommy Robinson's fanbase in the streets
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Johnson &amp; Gove should share the blame for not stopping May. Outside of that, what else could Brexiteers have done to prevent this concerted effort to keep us locked in the EU? How can you blame Brexiteers for Brexit not being delivered by non-Brexiteers? It makes no sense.
Happy to see you veto Brexit, (you can’t of course except for the final trade agreement or not), but give Catalonia proper respect in the meantime. Get a few friends.
Brexiters have a lot to learn about Leo Varadkar: • The Irish position on Brexit did not harden when Varadkar took over, it has been consistent since 2016 unlike the UK • Fine Gael is not trying to gain the support of Sinn Féin, they are political rivals
Hope all read and question what they did to their country when they opened Pandora’s #brexit box. No one wants the end result: let’s wind back time.
Dup basically threaten to force GE...
Paint me slack of jaw. I couldn't watch all the way through. She even promotes lexit. Didn't realise that was actual Labour policy! Time for bed, said Zebedee.
BBCNEWS 4:09pm DOMINIC RMB. Former UK Brexit Secretary
Spanish prime minister threatens to 'veto Brexit' deal in warning over Gibraltar
The Irish Border is Brexit’s fatal flaw. You know it Stephen so why not say it.
Professor Ronan McCrea discusses the Brexit deal on Sky News via
Is this the third attempt in the last 100 years to achieve German Hegemony?
bReXiT
Richard, with you being tech-savvy, could you produce the parts of the #Tory, and #Labour manifestos which state categorically that their MPs will enforce the result of the #EU Referendum. It would put pressure on every #Tory and #Labour MP who has gone against their manifesto.
Cynical ploy to promote Indyref2, Scotland voted No accept that fact!!
Because people wish to leave the EU, you have failed to deliver the simple task of executing the referendum result, meaning UKIP is the only means we have to express our view. Your shameful refusal to implement the Brexit choice of the people will mean Corbyn becomes PM.
Sorry, under Canada Plus we would be to Rules of Origin. Neither deal makes economic sense.
Sign petition against #UNMigrationPact we are close 10k! Let's do 100k! #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
No.. this is the Brexit that the EU and possibly our parliament will allow, because they are too fearful of change and they thought it was about immigration and money.. it is a remainers Brexit... The Brexit I voted for doesn't look like this.. it looks more like plan A+
That sounds like an argument for Brexit.
Any BRIT with any sense of national self respect does regard this as outrageous.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Not delivering Brexit will "Red Pill" 17Million people. Corrupt Government, Meet Rock and Hard Place!
We outside parliament are NOT thinking "get on and deliver it', we are thinking maybe you have gone a bit loopy and don't actually know WHAT you have just signed. And that's being kind to you.
Brexit is impossible to implement unless you go for a Norway EEA/ EfTa type of deal. We told you so and now you are finally waking up to the facts. The chickens have come home to roost.
I feel that Scotland should be out of a jingoistic Little England UK if it commits economic, social and legal suicide with Brexit, the fucking idiots. And I finished the same school as Prince Charles.
Blunt from Foster. But then again that should not be surprising. By DUP’s consistent if uncompromising logic, backstop &lt; Labour government led by guys whose Brexit policy won’t lock NI into one and won’t call border poll despite Republican sympathies
Labour's John McDonnell asks Queen: Let us form a government if Theresa May's Brexit deal voted - The Independent No! You're giving Brexiteer MP's more reason to work with current deal. Most Labour voters do not want Brexit, listen to them #BrexitDeal
I dont know Julia, conning the whole country with wall to wall lies to vote for something that there was no credible plan to execute, then one by one running away. I think they deserve all the blame for how things are.
Hope for border area after #Brexit deal
Spain stands firm on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit via
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
It's amazing to me how political parties wheel out the same repeated lies, time &amp; time again yet still millions vote for them Conservative Party have been promising to lower mass invasion, sorry immigration, for years. They've actually raised it instead
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal #news #breaking #trump
Chatter Episode 47 – Mat Hope and Chloe Farand on the Climate Denial Lobby and a Hard Brexit #podcast #uk
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brexit vote
This is disgraceful. You’re voting for a bad Brexit deal because you got a visit from a Cabinet minister who won’t even make public appearances to support the bad deal, that he thinks is worse than no deal &amp; remaining. No wonder the electorate are angry.
Not ‘just because we won’, because we want a clean break with the EU, as Leave implies. #Brexit #Brexitforever #EUgameover
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
[REUTERS] Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal |
Compulsive Liar Theresa May sends her favourite compulsive liar to defend her failed Brexit deal on Newsnight "Rory Stewart"
James you act like you can just sweep Con May abuses under the rug and you come out some Brexit shinning star off the back of them but worse off back your constituent VoC you remained silent on Mays abuses etc therein... do me a favour youre in cloud cuckoo land
Get the fuck out of the Labour Party, you’re a disgrace, you’re seriously fine with 50 calibres being legal for civvie use? Why are you even in the Labour Party?
Nigel Farage EXPOSES Sham Theresa May's Brexit deal: via
Brexit wasn't a peaceful revolution. It was a peaceful con based on lies and quite possibly corrupt money. I think both leave and remain need a #PeoplesVote to clean the slate.
From this; do we assume there'll be 280 Sirs and Dames? Your Majesty, May I offer my services, to clean, polish and sharpen your dubbing sword. I also have some red, aborbent carpet. Yours faithfully.
The UK tech sector is deeply divided over the #Brexit deal: - The UK tech sector is deeply… #Brexit #Politics
#Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster: - Brexit: DUP may revisit… #Brexit #Politics
#Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal: - Brexit will hit women hardest… #Brexit #Politics
#Brexit deal condemned as '26 pages of waffle': - Brexit deal condemned as '26 pages of waffle… #Brexit #Politics
#Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?: - Brexit: What will happen if MPs… #Brexit #Politics
Labour must abandon the soft #Brexit position and come out for Remain and reform
Can you solve the Brexit Rubik’s Cube?
Is this what Scotland and northern Ireland really want ? At least in the UK you still have sovereignty #Brexit
Kate, as someone who has suffered and watched my friends murdered over the last 50 years (1968) onwards. This treacherous deal, is so incompatible, with democracy,it beggars belief, that your PM thinks it is best for the country. Leo, has been insolent and irreverent. Boycott ROI
Spoof shop opens in Peckham to highlight Brexit food 'price rises'
Theresa May prepares to face biggest threat to date: the Tory party: - Theresa May prepares to… #Brexit #Politics
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's #Brexit silence: - Theresa May accused of… #Brexit #Politics
#Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?: - Brexit: What will happen if MPs… #Brexit #Politics
PM to embark on #Brexit grand tour as she faces 'gongs for votes' row
Support my deal, or else...... #brexit
But we can kick a Labour government out after 5 years, whereas May's disastrous non-Brexit will be with us forever.
Third of Brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK This is what we are up against, folks. Total lunacy and very concerning for Muslims in Britain that such attitudes seen widespread.
BOUT FUCKING TIME #BREXIT
If is able to change her mind from Remain to Brexit - and then dictate that the rest of the country be unable to express their change of mind in a referendum - we are no longer in a democracy.
Spain: Brexit EU summit could be called off over Gibraltar - FiWEH Life -
‘Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto
What do you expect? There was never a majority in parliament for a full blown hard Brexit. Never! Now you have this to deal with.
Would anyone like to confirm why unknown Tory MP #JohnHayes got a #knighthood yesterday, out of the blue? Services to not writing a letter? #Brexit #looksdodgytheresa
#Brexit impact report and People's Vote called for by council
What I saw last night was a differing of opinion handled well by all but one person in the room. And labeling everyone you disagree with as hard left is such a minimalist response, especially from someone who was there as a representative of the left...
This requires an acceptance of compromise, but there are few willing to do that. My reason is that the whole business has been a fraud. Compromise requires respect for the other, and they must respect me. respects the other, so compromise is not possible.
'Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto
Promises, promises
‘How are MPs coping with Brexit? The amount of booze they drink gives it away’
you can’t beat a good rubik’s cube can you...!
No, you really don't. The majority of voters in 2018 don't want #Brexit
What is common sense these days! #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #Armistice100
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
If you’re a Painter in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
If we see #brexit as a project, the last two and a half years must have comprised the longest ever projet definition workshop that has failed to come up with anything that satisfies any of the sponsors' objectives. Go/no go/status quo time then. #NoBrexit #PeoplesVote
I very much hope so... :( I don't know what's more scary, a Tory #Brexit bungle or the Corbyn Labour government that will follow...
Of course you are. That would be because there's no version of Brexit that leaves the UK better off.
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists, because as we all know, being right wing is worse than sodomizing Satan. North America was founded on Judao-Christian values. Encouraging illegal immigration is anethema to us.
What are the advantages going to be. I need to sell this to my children. I always tell the to pay fair and honest. The leave campaign lied and broke the law to get Brexit. Lot a good start. So what's the upside when and what is the Brexit bonus?
Some would say that they have bad korma After supporting Brexit, Britain’s curry house owners are left with a bitter taste via
Smart move. Welcome.
New EU workers directive will stop people being sent to the UK for lower wages. Europeans must be on the same wage as the local employees. This stops exploitation. British people will lose job market in 27 other EU countries, EEa &amp; Switzerland.
Both!
That's both members of UKIP... If it's not pension day. Or raining. Or any steps are involved.
On Brexit, Theresa May’s undoing may be Europe’s salvation via
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
Sorry, I can't tonight, I have to agree on gibraltar before brexit summit
Much of this deal’s benefits will not be achieved if, as is highly likely, the backstop comes into force. Also, what does ‘no more vast sums’ actually mean? It appears to leave the door open to large or substantial sums still being paid. This is not Brexit.
#LeaveMeansLeave! Britain crushed the French crushed the Spanish crushed the Russians crushed The Germans left China and India in shambles after war. I'm sure they can get along just fine on their own, lots of real allies will trade with them. #BREXIT
I did say it would come to this, ages ago. May is FINISHED! I tweeted, way back in July. I knew the project was doomed as soon as I first heard her absurd, lying promises!
But brexit hasn't happened yet
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Amendment 50 debate, on giving the public a #PeoplesVote, produced eloquent speeches to support giving the British public a final say on the Brexit deal but was defeated because the Labour front-bench followed the whip and abstained. It was lost by a mere 58 votes,
Mate, there soon won't be any Brexit men (or woman) left. The rats are fleeing the sinking ship! #brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #peoplesvote
You still don’t get it do you - we the people care about a final say. Immigration is just a diversion dreamt up and fuelled by nasty unpleasant extremist groups - not real ordinary people!
Another 60 seconds of lies !!! #Resign #MayMustGo
Anyone who falls into these categories who still thinks that Brexit is going to make the UK more prosperous.
They will be hoping for violence &amp; confrontation, in order to "prove" the stop Bxt = Civil War, stop brexit means that there will be civil war. I would tread carefully &amp; learn from our American friends on this one.
The EU seeks to suppress ancient nation stations. Merkel said this week give us your sovereignty! What a cheek! Farage and Le Pen are the symptom of the EU. #Brexit #Brexitforever #EUgameover
RT RT RT FOLLOWERS OF TRUTH AGAINST PERSICUTION. .. #ezekiel2517 TRUMP AFTER BREXIT SAID TAT WE TOOK OUR COUNTRY BACK..NOW HE SAYS EU WILL COME B4 UK BCOZ OF BREXIT..FORGOTTEN
Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote via
EU member states: it is really annoying that the doctors and nurses whose training our taxes pay for move to the UK. This costs us a fortune. It'd be good if the UK took responsibility for training their own doctors. UK: we don't like the accents of these foreigns, let's Brexit.
Double standards abound in supremacist history, leading to the cakeism politics of legacy matters (insisting on legal immunity for war while insisting it wasn't a war), language legislation (British standards would threaten British way of life), Brexit, etc.
Happy Thanksgiving bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
If Brexit incurs an opportunity loss, a supply deficit, or a licensing hurdle, then in some instances, the drugs may not be there, or arrive later. You say, 'What do ppl do outside EU? They must be dead by now.' Let me put it this way: even money can't buy what's not there.
GIBRALTA, THE FACTS: In episode 11 of the #3blokesinapub videos about different aspects of Brexit the team visited Gibralta. My thanks to and (Graham Hughes) who are producing these videos. Buy them a round!
“Tommy Robinson” may be doing us a favour by correctly identifying the Brexit project with the far right.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal does not deliver what people voted for at the referendum -
No. You will not “veto Brexit” but you may veto the so called withdrawal agreement. If there is no agreement the UK leaves on WTO terms. Simples.
So protest against Brexit started in 70's?
Your drunk they don't give a fuck
UK's May had nothing new on Brexit for summit, but tone calm: Tajani
Via : Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal: Spain was standing between Theresa May and a Brexit deal as it threatened to derail an EU summit on Sunday if it does not get new assurances on having a say in… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Actually we can. Post-Brexit people will of course still be free to move for months as tourists and reside. The issue is employment.
She can indeed fuck right off. Jezzer can do the same if he thinks he can ‘improve’ on staying in with his own brand.
At least 59pc of people believe in objective moral truths. Maybe things aren’t as bad as I thought..
This is a country where lies are puinished.
The sunflower of mayhem Daily is out! #brexit #oil
Again it takes an Aussie to tell UK Mp’s that they risk selling out UK sovereignty &amp; democracy to foreign powers. This isn’t about Remain/Leave now but if our HoC is going to hand parliament over to Brussels! This is now an utter national scandal! #Brexit
Theresa May pledges to curb low-skilled migration: 'Only the BRIGHTEST and the BEST'
is a nobody now. Just another on the payroll!. Traitor filling his pockets. #ukip has a true leader in Give him your support patriots. Trust your gut and support what is right. #BoycottLibLabCons We need change.
This.
UKIP: RT UKIP: £39 Billion to surrender our future. If we want the Brexit 17.4 Million voted for, we need to walk away now without paying another penny. Join the #Brexit fightback at If you haven't signed the petition below…
What on Earth is it that makes you think people care about Freedom of Movement? Because they don't. Except that #Brexit would stop my children and my grandchildren going into Europe to work or play. Your attitude is shameful. #xenophobe #PeoplesVote #BrexitChaos
As I sit in Hoi An contemplating our next stop, Ho Chi Minh City, I just think ‘no deal is better than a bad deal and Brexit means Brexit’ and laugh. And cry. What a total mess the UK is in &amp; how poorly we are being led. The only way is up!
I honestly can't think of a more disastrous package for the British electorate than "Brexit socialism". It'll tear Labour apart. "Remain socialism" on the other hand is sellable.
Studies of preferred trade-offs also tend to point to a "borders Brexit" (often economically as well as in migration terms, interestingly). The CJEU? Most voters (Remainers as well as Leavers, in fairness) probably confuse it with the ECtHR.
well if i was the eu i would say thats it hard brexit you wanted hard brexit you can have no jack shit off us your out on your arse bye.. especially after the comments about the people that have been here for yrs and now they are queue jumpers.
BBCNEWS 4:12pm BREXIT SUMMIT BUILD UP. Spain's Prime Minister: Still no guarantees from UK; I BREXIT SUMMIT BUILD UP. Pedro Sanchez...
40 points of rhetorical obfuscation are reasons to not back the Brexit Deal, unless and could be until 2099 that the EU are so fed up with us that they agree to let us go! WTO is now only hope!
Brexit: Foster to reaffirm opposition to backstop at conference || || || #Northern Island
This will devastate some industries such as my own (social care)
"Nobody else in the world thinks Brexit is smart &amp; that's what matters". No wonder you're confused: 1) it's what we think that matters; 2) plenty, both on a country as well individual level, think it's smart. USA, Australia, NZ etc want deals with us &amp; their leaders endorse it.
I agree Nigel. UKIP would be a force if it stuck to BREXIT policies and with you leading!
'Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto -
Indeed.
So Joyce, why was she willing to dump us out unceremoniously in 2014...she’s no more interested in the EU than charting a career in a Drumchapel law office
With all the latest #Brexit info, regardless of your position on Brexit, you’d have to agree that the are the biggest load self-serving, hypocritical bastards ever given the privilege of governing in democratic times.
So win win then. Oh, and “Electoral force”? Ha! Good one.
Brexit deal would see Northern Ireland diverge from rest of UK, Arlene Foster... +1 UKBot #UK #news
That timer in the corner is ominous. A countdown to becoming a vassal state! #Brexit
LYRICS mean a lot when it comes to #TORY #BREXIT ??????????????????????
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brex... +1 UKBot #UK #news
Big show today 5 to 11pm in #CampbellRiver at 88.7FM and on (click listen live). Starts with new insights re crisis in #BCLeg plus #cdnpoli, #Brexit, #climate, new "great signs from the heavens" with music from T. Rex, Beach Boys, LedZep. Requests welcome.
No, as of today we are remaining. MPs are telling Peston that remain is now the only option. Brexit has cooked its own goose. Enjoy.
'Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto
Not if your main aim is to stop Brexit
Why has UK elected a racist PM? She is one because no sane rational person would destroy their country all for sake of immigration unless they are far right racist.
#reesmoggcannotorganise getting his fortune to Ireland to avoid the Brexit crash without people noticing
Buy, life and think g l o b a l!
#Spain veto on #Brexit deal over #Gibraltar could be a blessing in disguise for Britain to trash May’s rotten deal. Only sensible way to leave EU is through #NoDeal !
Hi Paul, please can you send me a link to your Brexit appeal so I can put it on Facebook as I can't copy the address off Twitter. Thanks
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brexit vote
#Brexit is not a problem as long as you don't look up. Thats all.
This is really uplifting to me and shows the hostile stance of the racist PM up for what it, dog whistle politics. I didn't queue jump to retire here in France ,I had FOM to live near my only daughter and French born grandkids .Thankyou France .
I honestly thought that Amber Rudd could only be an improvement compared with McVey and Duncan Smith. My bad. How can I being living in Theresa May's Brave New Brexit Britain in 2018... and still be so naive?
My question to Brextreemists - if Brexit breaks up and bancrupts the UK, would you still go thru with it (or would you stay in and fight to bring down the EU)
Go and boil your head Gordon .
Thank you Spain
Brexit means loquacity
To be honest, I knew this would happen as they made Brexit a binary issue so there was obvously going to be infighting. I know the Tories who wanted Brexit, do not like the PM's deal. If it gets voted down in parliament, then I think her leadership could be challenged
#Brexit: Back to basics guide about the #UK leaving the #EU - BBC News
Theresa May's £3.5bn for out-of-hospital care revolution not enough to deliver significant changes, experts warn
Fantastic article explaining why May’s deal is such a disaster. Brexiter or Remainer, please read. Nobody in their right mind could sign up to this.
Give me a cheer if you voted for Brexit *roof comes off and lands in north sea #brexit #brexitmeansbrexit #standupcomedy #supportlivecomedy
What a bloody loud mouthed little scut!!!
Countries giving up sovereignty only to be abused by the people that use their sovereignty against them
Brilliant, conservatives in power till i die then, apparently west hungtinton shire county upon thassle with a population of 10 deserves 1 whole mp compared to a town like huddersfield etc etc
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
How dreadfully narrow-minded and depressing is Theresa May's blinkered vision for Britain.
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Brexit the rich
EU won't offer 'better deal' on Brexit - May
I think you know my view on #BREXIT and a #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit I’ll do all that I can to support you in stopping this madness
I am not British. I do not have relatives there in UK. Still, if you ask me what politicsl thing makes me sad, Brexit is the answer. So many beloved EU citizens losing so many rights. Spain should give double nationality to any British living here so they can be still EUziens
We’ll see other papers shifting their line on Brexit too as they begin to grasp the demographic implications (ie Brexit is toxic with people in their 20s &amp; 30s).
Arlene Foster to criticise #Brexit deal at DUP conference
She is convinced Brexit was all about immigration. I'm sure it was an issue for many, for me it was all about our sovereignty. Seeing judgements made in our courts, overturned in the ECJ. That was what made me vote leave, amongst other things.
We know exactly what the people voted for. They voted to Leave The European Union. AKA crash out, hard Brexit, no deal, Armageddon, etc etc. All lies and spin from cunts like you.
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brexit vote: The decision described as 'a spectacular act of desperation' by the Labour Party
Key Brexit dates: what happens next?
Where Brexit Hurts: The Nurses and Doctors Leaving London Will the vacancy rate in UK for healthcare staff effect iRL already difficult staffing deficits - answers on the postcard to
I voted Tory the last election on the strength of my trust in May's assurances to deliver Brexit. If the Tory machine manages to push this horrendous deal through, I'm voting for Corbyn. Because you lot would have destroyed the country anyway.
Brexit deal would see Northern Ireland diverge from rest of UK, Arlene Foster to tell DUP: 'Prime Minister has not been able to guarantee an outcome that eliminates the risk of the introduction of the so-called backstop arrangements,' leader will say at…
The "deed" is done there is no more changing the documents or negotiating. We can only pray that the Mps hold fast and dont vote this monstrosity through
Good point, well made. #StopBrexit
David, you know &amp; I know she has made another betrayal, our fishing waters. this is not #Brexit! She has to go.
House of Lords Economic Affairs Committee suggest #makingtaxdigital should be pushed back due to #Brexit
the #TORY question being &gt; ARE THESE JOBS FOR THE BRITS ?????&gt;&gt; i VERY MUCH DOUBT IT ??? #brexit
#TheresaMay awards knighthood to Tory MP ahead of #Brexit vote
This is now the most extreme corruption. Parliament must act , and act quickly. There are multiple criminal acts around "brexit" now which need very urgent investigation - " political sensitivity" is no longer an excuse for the police not to act
Get out of your brexit bubble and listen to what the people are saying now!!!!!!! #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
There are lies, damn lies and the Brexit claims of Britain's worst PM .
“...a Remainer’s Brexit”?! Don’t be ridiculous. That would be the Norway option. This means following all the rules with none of the benefits and no say on anything. Surely we can all agree this is the worst of all possible worlds?
I would say they've correctly calculated that remainers are less likely to desert them. I’ve got ppl on my feed singing ohhhh Jeremy Corbyn, whilst saying brexit is the worst thing to ever happen. And they don’t see the tension.
#BREAKING! GERMANY DREAMS OF EMPIRE ONCE AGAIN! #MERKEL SAYS NATIONS MUST GIVE UP SOVEREIGNTY TO A GLOBAL POWER! IT'S PATRIOTIC! HELLO #UK? #BREXIT the HELL away from this bunch as fast as you can! Thank GOD for #Trump! German people need to act.
Celebrating the end of freedom of movement is like celebrating locking a door and throwing away the key
Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Why we need to fight the #Brexit battle all over again
Brexit nut Nigel Farage joined Tucker's Thanksgiving sub Mark Steyn..."Khashoggi is being presented as a sort of hero of journalism. He’s probably going to be Time magazine’s Man of the Year just because he is a dead so-called journalist."
An interesting angle on Brexit
Can we have our £billlion back then? Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Antidepressant prescriptions increased in wake of Brexit vote, study shows
Former Brexit Secretary says 's proposed #EU deal would be worse than staying in the EU on current terms. "We'd effectively be bound by the same rules but without the control or voice over them"
DEMOCRACY does not exist in the UK,just how the Establishment like it. We're allowed the charade of trooping to the Polling Station every few years, but the minute the crosses are counted, the manifesto commitments are ditched, Brexit has proven it, democracy in the uk is DEAD.
To all my fellow Europeans If you feel like laughing at #Brexit See that it is a country being taken away from its rights and its responsilities against its will. A very British coup. #Trump #Russia #greed
1) Why is this a Brexit issue?! 2) Who and why in a UK context is anyone actually against banning these sorts of guns?!
[WORLD] Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal |
May’s deal locks us in with no right to leave at all, destroy any benefits of the freedom of action Brexit should give us. Not let us forge own trade policy with WTO. Not make our economy more competitive. Not give back control of our laws. Not a bad deal, is an atrocious deal!!
UN GLOBALIST MIGRANTS: Head for a showdown in Tijuana, California. #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews #labour #tories #trump #toryparty #ukip #conservatives #christians
steps closer to #Brexit’s moment of truth #canadanews
Jesus wept these jokers have taken dumbing down to a new level, how about we use the Apprentice for and fellow Remoaners... You're fired #Brexit
Anti-Brexit protester from Port Talbot repeatedly crashing TV interviews says he won't stop 'unless Brexit is stopped'
Despite Brexit
Worst Brexit chat here is someone in a pub mentioning it for a minute before going on about almond cakes or some other terrible English “delicacy”.
If we must have a “peoples referendum”, suggest 3 question type, based on the alternate vote system. 1) Do you want deal at any price; 2) Do you want deal really acceptable to UK; 3) Do you accept no deal Brexit if can not find acceptable deal with EU. We get fair &amp; just result.
#HumanRights Opinion: Brexit made it easy for the UAE to sentence Matthew Hedges to life in prison
Who might the EU/ECB blame? Brexit? 'Far Right' (ie the term the Left give to anyone who doesn't want Socialism) extremists? Russian hackers? Savers (who hoard money)? Julian Assange?
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out via
Democrats keep people of color down #brexit
Globalisation once made the world go around. Is it about to grind to a halt?
To have a law breaking, foreign funded, lie based referendum is held up as an example of democracy yet a people’s vote on the final reality of Brexit is undemocratic? You are all an undemocratic shower.
Shocked as I am to say it, there does appear to be an establishment conspiracy against Brexit via
"PM refuses to say she will resign if her Brexit deal is defeated."
Theresa May updates MPs on draft Brexit deal - BBC News - FiWEH Life -
Is rules of origin an enormous problem for Canadian businesses trading with the EU ? If it is, then a no deal, WTO brexit becomes the only viable option. The 39 billion that we save from not having to pay for a lousy deal, could be used to overcome any difficulties with it.
They have ignored the vote and the democratic people its time the people ignored the politicians
Daily Express: Brexit deal: If Theresa May LOSES Parliament meaningful vote on Brexit, WHAT NEXT?. via
Things going so well at Labour that you think it's time to turn on the LibDems? Better two with their own minds than a leader who's campaigned for Brexit his whole career. Only one of the big three has the guts to make Remain its party policy.
I guess NATO doesn't exist?
"It would be better for our national sanity to resolve the matter now. Nothing is to be gained from kicking the can into the 2020s." Ambrose Evans-Pritchard , in the T'graph warns that signing the WA just means years more pain. #ManagedNoDeal
The latest The Eccentric Nutzoid Daily! Thanks to #brexit #conspiracy
Theresa May's all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt - BRIBE your way out via
Ex Bank of England governor Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
here we are, staring at a deal so unimaginably bad that no-one wants it. Not the EU, not the UK, not Brexiters, not Remainers, not Tories, and not Labour.
Esher's Brexit!
scenes from the Black North post Brexit
Just in case you needed evidence that Hillary needs to get out of politics.
Theresa May’s all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt – BRIBE your way out
your articulate &amp; polite defence of Brexit shames those tryingg to rerun the 2016 referendum.
Arlene Foster to criticise #Brexit deal at DUP conference
How embarrassing and ridiculous is she. She keeps repeating the same lies by omission. She has been programmed to keep repeating the same lies cos if she says it enough times she thinks people will believe her, well they won’t we have read the document
I mean he won’t, but a bit of me still hopes so.
Story from this side of the pond, shame UK media are not reporting this #brexit #brexitshambles
A NoDeal #Brexit might leave the economy in tatters but the subsequent clear up operation would so prove to full-blown Leavers why it is genuinely important to have friends...
Foster warns support for Conservatives may be revisited over #Brexit
#Brexit impact report and People's Vote called for by council
The EU will becomes an out of control monster within our lifetimes. God help us once it gets its army up and running. #Brexit #EUgameover
The implicit suggestion that the low paid are responsible for the failings of the Conservative Party in Government is so Theresa May.
They can call this Brexit all they want.. but it isn't. We have lost our sovereignty with this deal, the EU still has more power than our parliament.
Give me a 0 pr cnet rise and I will be happy and get me out of this Brexit Tory deal
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
Former Brexit Secretary says 's proposed #EU deal would be worse than staying in the EU on current terms. "We'd effectively be bound by the same rules but without the control or voice over them" #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitReality #BrexitDeal
Merkel is using Orwells "newspeak" slavery = freedom, poverty = wealth, etc.
Tory MPs at least have selfish reasons to support Brexit, their voters and party members tend to be pro-Brexit. Not true of most Labour members or voters, instead some of the leadership support a Lexit fantasy through choice, and can't even be honest about it.
How grubby is this?! Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
I've signed - have YOU?
Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
Letter: The #Brexit referendum was advisory only
Spain is a part of Europe, 30k populate deserve a voice as a just one. Hard Brexit is WWWIII. Listen to each other.
List the upsides to brexit presently then?
Merv swerves to Hard #Brexit For keeping another £39 billion in the bank? Of course he would! Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected -
This is true
Absolutely disgusting!
Foster warns support for Conservatives may be revisited over #Brexit
Get this fucker out of our face..Theresa May I want to sell the United Kingdom at any price gets this charlatan OUT OUT a general election ...that's what We want not giving night hoods to arse holes so they vote for Brexit..it's a gigantic con...a cheat
Except she won't, because she's 'frit'. They know Brexit is only popular on their freakish wing of the Tory party.
Apparently they are stressed out to the max on the other side of the pond too...
"Oh dear" That would be brilliant; the material with brexit and trump would sell itself!
The Brexit patient is losing blood fast. Remain: patch wounds. Long stay in hospital. Painful slow recovery with lots of intensive therapy needed. May’s deal: stabilise patient, still in danger in ICU. Discuss treatment &amp; possible further surgery. No deal: haemorrhage to death.
The irony! All across eastern Europe, vast majorities are supporting far right governments who dismantle their democracies &amp; refuse to take in non-Christian refugees. It's a bit shallow to point out how Brexit was driven by right wing ideas when the same ideas rule Poland.
A whole world outside Brexit!
May’s Remainer-Brexit is worse than Remain, full stop. We are definitely heading for a clean Brexit. Can’t wait!
Please can we remove the treasonous May forthwith?
Hillary so emblematic of the demise of democracy in the modern age. Appeasment of what is fundamentally wrong might appear to Hillary &amp; Blair to be smart pragmatism, but it leaves all of us diminished. Stand strong for what is right or face the ignominy of standing for nothing
#JFK #DonaldTrump #Brexit Days since the 55th anniversary of JFK assassination, the realism and honesty of this speech. The seriousness with which he treats these issues. Compare this with the attitudes of Trumpism, Brexit, populism. Inclusion v exclusion
And if you just want this all over please realise that if Brexit actually happens this is only the very first irreversible step and the debates will continue for at least five years and more likely 20 years. There is no “just getting on with it” or shortcut out of complexity.
So, some of the right-wing newspapers, whose relentless lies and propaganda got us into this Brexit fiasco are now belatedly changing their tune. No matter, it's far too late - the end result looks like it will be far worse than any of us ever imagined back in June 2016.
Love it and so true of the anti Brexit bbc propaganda machine. Corbyn is beyond parody however.
In light of the Cambridge Analytica, russian propaganda campaign &amp; some well reimbursed Brexit lobbyists, there should be a new referendum vote in the UK. At least the population can make an informed decision &amp; let the cards fall where they may. Trudging on makes no sense.
Grubby, yes. But, admittedly, look who has/n’t been shown in Parl over the last 8yrs and hasn’t got a Bauble…?
The notion of either Mrs May’s deal or No deal is a false choice. A no deal Brexit most certainly does not have the numbers to pass through Parliament. An amendment will be passed preventing it. If the deal is voted down there will be either a general election or second ref.
Labour must abandon the soft Brexit position and come out for Remain and reform
When the ex brexit minister says it won't work, mind you he is a tory so dumb as F***
How on something like Brexit, or any matter really, can politicians represent all the people? Party politics is to represent groups within society, within those groups there is a plethora of opinion. It is impossible to represent all the people.
Brexit deal is worse than staying in E.U., lawmaker who helped draft it says
Brexit deal would see Northern Ireland diverge from rest of UK, Arlene Foster to tell DUP
At any other time; an answer like that would cripple a British PM. Today I believe few will even notice; that she can't list one genuine benefit to us. Chuck her out &amp; burn BREXIT.
Brexit deal is worse than staying in E.U., lawmaker who helped draft it says
Brexit deal would see Northern Ireland diverge from rest of UK, Arlene Foster to tell DUP
Massive yay! I have mindfully booked Monday off work. I'm gonna buy a tee. Apparently they have a new one that reads Brexit is Shite. Trufactoid.
Nailed it
Lmfao blexit brexit fuxit
Can ye sort out brexit while ye're at it too?
#Hey, Brexit is a great success. #UK lost all voting rights, all members of parliament, their privileges in the EU but has to continue paying the bill. And the #Polish #plumber can stay forever in #London. Forget #Iwantmymoneyback
That's bascially it in a nutshell. The government benches have been arguing over it. Funny thing is, the Brexit Sec resigned over the deal and he was the one involved with it. You couldn't make it up
"Spain PM: EU summit 'won't take place' if no agreement on Gibraltar."
[$$] FT City Network transcript: can May’s Brexit deal be salvaged? via
The #Conservative party leadership will Never regain its sanity under #TheresaMay. You are honourable - convince your craven #Tory colleagues to send their letters in to the 1922 - to save the Party &amp; #Brexit ! #MayMustGoNow
*plays tiny violine* Do carry on throwing your dummy out of the pram all over Twitter because it turns out Brexit is stupid and undeliverable. It's such a good look.
Well said girl!!
The EU has decimated the life chances of millions of young Europeans, and to such an extent that they all come to London to work in coffee shops for a better life!! Not a great advert for the EU. #Brexit #EUgameover
Imagine being so #racist Nigel Farage thinks you’ve gone too far
Maybe they’ll team up with Elon for that mars colony and call it Brexit
Interesting how British left groups who normally recognise how Britain's bourgeois democracy and media are totally hijacked by the capitalist ruling class somehow have immense respect for votes on #Brexit
This is what no-deal Brexit actually looks like
Michael St George Why we need to fight the Brexit battle all over again
Absolutely! Was saying the same the other day. I won’t vote for a a Marxist Party and now can’t vote Tory, I won’t trust them again ever. A new Party is needed in the UK badly and quickly.
Knights of the long knives.
the british public on #brexit
Fact
PM is right that we want Brexit settled. But we may no longer want Brexit. Deal is a poor second-best to what we have now. No need to switch - we’re already on the best deal! Give us a People’s Vote so we can stop Brexit before it’s too late.
Disagree. #Brexit is a humiliation for Britain. The deal just compounds this.
Needs to be pitched to the BBC asap
Misleading headline. "Clinton calls Brexit--fueled by anti-immigration hysteria"the greatest act of self-harm" in modern European history and rejects giving in to fascist populists." Guardian: "Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists "
Its at times like this i like to recall... "House of Commons library said parliament cannot legally and in isolation prevent a no-deal Brexit if it votes against Theresa May’s deal." Ans not forgetting...
Theresa May's Great Brexit Surrender Document via
Only 548 people saw fit to retweet this when I did .... May you need to give up. There’s only so much lipstick you can put on a pig and glitter you can roll a turd in...
At first glance thought that was quick, May was behind bars! All in front of her and sidekicks after March 19 All lies and selling out the country when in her position is Treason!
This government gets more corrupt by the day!
So how many of these eejits actually employ people...
Almost half of the population voted remain. Recent polls now indicate a lot of leave voters would now side with remain given that the leave lies have been exposed. We live in a global economy with a global supply chain. Self inflicted exile in the form of brexit is madness.
No one said he could veto Brexit, he can vote against this deal. And there IS an European Constitution currently held, you ignoramus. That's the information Brits have about the EU.
Feeding the british people to the eu dictatorship ignoring the vote will never get the people onside
How very kind of you. You lack any vision, only business ideas, are you actually a businessman? I am, I was runner up Entrepreneur of the year 2001 (i think it was then!) losing out to Singha Beer. Brexit was not a business deal it is a vision of the future different to the EU.
As long as you're mentally prepared. Really. When brexit doesn't happen you're going to feel trauma of you don't prepare yourself.
French banks scale back plans for post-Brexit staff moves
So what’s your solution to the Irish Border then Gisela? Quick reminder: A Brexit in which we ‘take back control’ of our borders, whilst simultaneously protecting the good Friday agreement, when concurrently leaving the single market and customs union cannot be delivered
Vague Brexit future plan means worse deal on all fronts
After Brexit, all Kevins will be very bent and knobbly.
Not one forecast suggests this will happen with Hard Brexit! Countries that matter are only interested in the UK if we part of the EU. EU is our closest and largest market. Even still we can trade with US, China, Japan, India... Madness!
omg get this woman out of here ffs.
Prof Dougan's Brexit expert analysis of Brexit mirrors his previous Brexit discourse. Plse RT
Hi Deborah, Are you still a mouthpiece for Alastair Campbell's motley crew of Remainers and Brexit deniers??
You can’t change the decision before you’ve implemented it. You can decide again in 40 years like we had to. #Brexit
Its at times like this i like to recall... "House of Commons library said parliament cannot legally and in isolation prevent a no-deal Brexit if it votes against Theresa May’s deal." And not forgetting...
We don't want #MayMustGoNow #brexit that's for sure!
It’s always refreshing to see someone outside the Westminster bubble and even beyond the political spectrum talking about Brexit. #BrexitDirtbag
‘How are MPs coping with Brexit? The amount of booze they drink gives it away’
Brexit will hit ethnic minorities harder. Why is this ignored? | Kimberly McIntosh and Irum Shehreen Ali
You're really just reiterating the point that no one knew what Brexit would look like when they voted. You're talking about "your Brexit". There could be millions of different Brexit versions out there. Some Brexits have zero immigration, some have very close ties with the EU
Calm down. So in your world, telling your electors that you won't oppose Brexit then sticking to that pledge is dishonest? You've a very skewed way of looking at the world. Or is it because he's a LibDem?
Hold your nerve, this Remainer-Brexit is a dead duck. I really think we’ll get a Clean Brexit in the end!
Your Scottish caller is wrong. We voted to LEAVE. It's not about getting 'more' from the EU. We simply don't want to be under the political control of the EU. It has nothing to damn well do with 'entitlement. #Brexit
WATCH! (31:00) as the panellists discuss evidence submitted by Dr on Banks links to Bannon. But plays down calls for #MuellerUK &amp; blames journos for stopping her from revealing more about Banks.
With respect, bullshit. If May goes, £ will swing as the market tries to price no deal vs no Brexit.
I present the Lexiter answer to Andrew Lilico.
rejoice
Utter lies and crap !!! Total toilet from potty-mouth May !! I can think of of 39bn other reasons NOT to back this sell-out of the UK !!! #MayMustGoNow #RIP Tory Party
Its not all Tories, JRM, David Davis, Boris and the #standupforbrexit, have been held up as bafoons in order to divert attention to what May was up to, realising to late her dastardly plan. Her plan is the EU of the future mark my words, total EU domination of all countries
Brexit is your mess!
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal: Spain was standing between Theresa May and a Brexit deal as it threatened to derail an EU summit on Sunday if it does not get new assurances on having a say in the future of Gibraltar.
Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war | The Independent “What foreign enemies failed to accomplish against the British state for centuries may soon be inflicted by the modern day Jumblies...”
What hogwash !!!
Make it a more #Brexit #SaturdayMorning Leave the #EU now Please sign and retweet #StandUp4Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #BrexitBetrayal
I don't agree with Tories on; #Brexit #SaudiArabia And #Yemen #austerity #NHS #education #homelessness #UniversalCredit #UNVisit2018 #transport #policing and #CrimePrevention Which is why I would never vote for them. Never ever EVER.
You're really just reiterating the point that no one knew what Brexit would look like when they voted. You're talking about "your Brexit". There could be millions of different Brexit versions out there. Some Brexits have zero immigration, some have very close ties with the EU
This is the story of how our system for importing and exporting food implodes almost instantly.
Please re tweet with a vengeance!!
maybe #TORY MAY could do with listening to this BEFORE SHE SCREWS #BREXIT for the foreseeable ???????????
In a word ... #Brexshit
You can't veto Brexit.
Why? Britain divested itself of many of its colonies decades ago. If the British taxpayers decided to cut NI adrift so be it. That's unlikely; but NI requires billions just to keep it afloat. Economics played a part in Brexit. It could also see NI detached by a decision of Brits.
That's what I want to hear. That you're going to be fine if brexit dies.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Without Brexit the Tory MPs will be toast. Result May out. Rudd out. Etc.
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
I'm wondering about the natonalist stuff. The only thing I can think of, is the Conservative voters who wanted a strong Brexit might probably go to UKIP. I know there is huge divisions across the country and I think the general public are beginning to regret Brexit
Diane Abbott and her fellow hard left #Corbynite comrades seem to have decided to ignore the vast number of pro #EU members, and take the side of #Brexiter Corbyn and oppose #Brexit. Labour members must not allow theses shysters to betray us.
"The Withdrawal Act 2018 provides 3 possible staging posts at which point parliament will be able to ‘have a say’ in a no-deal scenario, but none of them provide parliament with a legal veto over Brexit." Parting will be such sweet sorrow...
Uh-oh who would have thought that May happen eh?
Every Rubik Cube can be solved in one move (as long as you don't have OCD) #Brexit
How do we negotiate Brexit - let’s get a Remain PM a Remain Parliament a Remain civil service -a Remain negotiator known as a Federalist and EU fanatic at Oxford and fill the Cabinet with Remainers while refusing to prepare for a No Deal - IS THIS LOGICAL?
If you want a balanced and unbiased view of everything #Brexit and all related issues, #Spain #Gibraltar etc, DO NOT watch #SkyNews
She’ll be telling people she’s PM long after she’s been forced to resign.
Bannon : Bloomberg, London Brexit will happen Brexit and Trump inextricably linked Lots of info, pulls the threads together Can we have him as a speaker Q, or a Q &amp; A Session with him #WWG1WGA #QAnon
Treasury and OBR have underestimated both the negative and positive multiplier. As a result cuts in public spending have damaged the overall economy more than estimated, and the positive effect of expanded investment has consistently been denied.
Fighting World War Two didn’t make us finically better off, but it was the right thing to do. #Brexit
Thanks to and for an ace gig in Birmingham tonight. Top merch too: #mogwai #Brexit
So why is your mate still attached to her at the hip? If MPs don’t make a stand NOW what are we the public to do sort from reading more Bullshit about Brexit!!
It can always get better. Simple changes over time can make a big impact on how you feel. I hope it gets better soon. Perhaps we should all do a class action against the government, the rise in depression due to brexit must be staggering.
But this isnt brexit. Brexit is out of customs union and out of single market. This hasn't been acheives by May. So it's really Remains fault as May is a remainer who hasn't a clue what she's doing.
Go back to Twitter sleep! Wake up when the adults have fixed broken Brexit with Remain
What this blasted May woman overlooks is that nobody voted to become poorer. "She also refused to say that the deal would be better for the UK than the status quo of EU membership"
Incorrect. Look up the 1959 GE - here's an idea for you, don't believe everything you 'heard' esp when you can check it yourself, in a minute, with google
If you’re a Student in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit deal would see Northern Ireland diverge from rest of UK, Arlene Foster to tell DUP
Natural England has 'lost independence' due to repeated government cuts, chairman tells MPs
Lol! You ARE polarising, toxic politics, you shrink wrapped Keith Richard.
Well said, Nigel! Tommy Robinson is bad news, and people need to be aware of his disruptive politics!
This idiot thinks 17.4 million Britons are "far-right". How mentally deficient do you have to be to actually believe this?
Senior UKIP Figures Fear Their Leader Is Going To Make Tommy Robinson The Face Of Brexit via
Theresa May has said the UK should not hope for a "better deal" from the EU if MPs reject her Brexit agreement. But she declined to say whether the UK would be better off outside the EU, saying only it would be "different".
I’ve some, but they’re not repeatable in polite company.
Brexit: Foster to reaffirm opposition to backstop at conference || || || #Northern Island
Peace is always hard work to maintain, we risk it at our peril. The one aspect of brexit that really scares me is the prospect of a hard border between NI and the Republic, no guarantee it won’t happen.
Sorry but this is the big issue and you are f——- it up for us How hard is it to understand NO MORE EU CONTROL And that’s WTO the only true brexit
With respect, bullshit. If May goes, £ will swing wildly as the market tries to price no deal vs no Brexit.
Since 55% consider immigration to be the benefit for any price, she'd seem to be right though?
#brexit #BrexitReality #ireland #DUP #Madrid #Belfast #Gibraltar Hope You have many sleepless nights. It's Europe.
How many more under this deal - that's the question to ask of it?
This is a bloody awful deal. This is not what the British people want. Do the decent thing and come clean: no form of brexit is as good as what we have now.
brexit &gt; donald trump but i hate both
Spot on analysis of the shit show currently engulfing the UK by May has just lied and lied and lied.
My tweet was clear. Do you prefer a PV under May and her Brexit if she wins the vote? Under FPTP the choice is clear. I doubt your judgement if you fell for this year’s media nonsense about Corbyn and Remembrance Day!
Brexit in a nutshell. To be fair to the kid, he doesn't know that if the cat goes in, it's drowned. Not true of the people watching.
Pretty standard questions. Not Brexit related.
Vauxhall job losses: Car plant redundancies 'not #Brexit related'
#TheresaMay to embark on #Brexit tour amid 'gongs for votes' row
Cuck
Which is a drop in the ocean. The city employs 760000 people and handles trillions each year. You're worrying about the 1.7% involved in EURO clearing, which is admittedly moving to the EU. Strange how so few jobs have left despite the shambles that is being made of real Brexit.
#Spain bars May's way to Brussels #Brexit deal
You think the today programme, bbcqt, any questions, marr, bbc news is pro brexit??? Sorry. You are mad.
Fixed it for you: The Brexit sellout explained #brexitbetrayal
I too voted green and will do again once independant only way to protect permanently from fracking fracking licenses sold by Cameron going ahead in Lancashire and Yorkshire and earthquakes scotland will loose all control once brexit is through then we doomed
BBC News - North Wales Police chief 'gagged' over Brexit fears
Adding this to Brexit is ridiculous. This type of line item is something only a DOTARD like TRUMP would ask for. Focus on economics, trade, financial transactions and not a red-line land acquisition. Citizens of Gibraltar in the past voted 12000-44 against joining Spain.
Labour can't "FIX" BREXIT. So help kill it with a People's Vote. Or YOU will be blamed for it.
WTF is SHE DOING signing the withdrawal document on SUNDAY BEFORE it’s been voted on in the house of commons?!?!?!? #brexit #EU #BrexitBetrayal #WithdrawalAgreement #BrexitDeal #Britain #Tories #ConservativeParty #BrexitAgreement #DumpMay #Ditchthedeal #MayMustGo
Understanding #Brexit is easy for free people, but hard for slaves.
— Please read the actual article. The headlines grossly mischaracterize what she said.
It is Brexit - it's the compromise that makes no one happy, because it's impossible to make everyone happy. People's Brexit ideas are ideas, and they're not all the same ideas.
The adverse media attention will take away valuable resource at a time when the leadership should be focusing on the key parliamentary issue of the day - BREXIT! A retrograde step and whilst I have hitherto supported Gerard B, this appointment makes me pause for thought.
#MayBot #BatShitCrazyUK It seems May's Deal is Brexit in name only (BINO) All of her red lines gone .. beholden to the EU in any future trade negotiations This is just to get something before the clock runs down at 11pm March 29, 2019 #PeoplesVote
What is the actual problem with asking the people if this is STILL what we want? We now have "hindsight" and it is "a wonderful thing". If this is still what we want - then fine, Brexit. If not, then why commit economic suicide? Either way - it's your legacy.
The humorous anecdote of a well blemished reputation of Ms goody two shoes. Theresa May! #Brexit...
Nicely done, #Brexit ers, nicely done! #unintendedconsequences #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Of course you can work anywhere in Europe after Brexit. Nothing will change except you may have to apply for a visa once a year. If you work for reputable company their HR dept. will sort it out for you.Even though Brexit is looming companies in EU are still hiring British skills
Town meeting tonight in Buxton with local MP About 120 people braved the fog. 118 remainers and 2 Leavers. Not one "wanted to get one with it." Leavers wanted No Deal. A couple of remainers wanted an end to Brexit by Parliament. The rest wanted a people's vote.
What happens next if Theresa May's Brexit deal is voted down?
It's funny you say that because the term Brexit was made up by a remainer to give the illusion of other choices!
While Great Britain is on the point of Revolution...… sky is Shit?
We've been saying this for a while
Horrifying analysis from Ian Dunt which rings all too true. I'd say 'disaster' rather than Gavin Esler's 'humiliation' though of course it will be both
Spain's economy has only recently recovered from almost a decade of major problems but this year first it grossly mishandled the Catalonia situation and now it wants to pick a fight with the UK over the status of Gibralta.
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Well, surprise-surprise. DUPers realises that the WA Deal is a pile of dogs**t but once we left on 29th March everything is up for negotiations... and that's when they'll weald true power. Only #PeoplesVote can stop this nonsense
DeFRA have said that they will match the £3 billion that the EU give to farmers now. Neil Kinnock gets his EU pension as will Nigel Farage. They’ll still be paid if we leave. What do you think the ERG want from Brexit. Boris only does things to benefit Boris so what will he gain?
Brexit means Brexit.
VERY IMPORTANT, We MUST NOT stop fighting Brexit! Keep going peeps!
Brexit MPs. Not a skill amongst them.
MPs dont deliver a full #Brexit that was voted for.. i hold no grudges for tories trying austerity, i jam on the benefits im on but if you tell the needs cutting then so be it, i'll survive. my family and parents have always voted Labour, i hate i want
I’m very glad he does!
to deliver the #Brexit that was promised, i never voted because i didnt believe they would let us leave either way, and that is proving to be right. they will always do what they want, my family hate tories and i hate my family, bunch of remoaning libtards who trying to reverse
Sge is not to be trusted that is for sure. The headlines will not reflect the small print. She is taking the public for a ride. #maymustgo
Ok what I whant to know about the #Brexit is : If Spain put's Gibraltar on the table can put Olivença?
The point is she’s not trusted so get 1 that the 17.4 mil voters can trust,2give us OUR BREXIT,WTO RULES,No Taxpayers “extremely hard earned money”2 EU,NO May or Hammond,that’s a given,&amp; stop givin us bllx about a backstop red herring,we r so ova that 1 now get over it,move4ward
Sickening constant lies will not get the people onside ..your contempt for the people of Britain is showing...this is no where near a good deal and you knowit
Seems pretty obvious to me.
An upper crust goth. To paraphrase the Lovely Brothers, "He's got a Brexit deal, but he still looks depressed"
Brexit: Foster to reaffirm opposition to backstop at conference
Fuck! Brexit is getting me down. Shall we riot soon?
You are right but if we are honest she is not wrong. The Brexit vote was powered by immigration - this was reflected in polling and press output. But the organised 'leave' movement were always most concerned about their own power and sovereignty.
Please describe something that is brexit and and isn't worse than remaining - if the brightest and best can't find it after two years, is it possible it isn't there?
The political scape &amp; the reality of brexit can now be viewed very differently. If your constituents want this brexit they can say what terms the want (Mays deal/no deal), they may have changed their minds based on the new info. Give them a say. Give us all a say. #PeoplesVote
No #Brexit summit without Gibraltar deal: #Spain
30 million Brits did not vote to leave, we are being ignored by the politicians &amp; marginalised by the media. The wheel will turn &amp; those politicians &amp; sections of the media that ignore &amp; marginalise us will suffer the consequences of their actions.
Jon McCourt on #Brexit #NorthernIreland and the #Troubles #BrexitShambles #EU #PeoplesVote #GTTO
That said, nothing of the sort will happen under a Corbyn-led Labour. He's a career eurosceptic and realistically just wants brexit over with so he can focus on domestic issues and policies, which are generally seen as his strength. He has little interest in the EU debate now imo
If she try's to fiddle with Brexit...she is out we won't put up with her she is not got the right to go this alone BREXIT..IS NOT WANTED IN UK YOU HEAR THERESA..WE WONT HAVE IT...YOU WILL BE KICKED OUT FIRST..BIG TROUBLE + PAYING KNIGHTHOODS OUT YOU CHEAT
Isn’t a WTO deal a Brexit deal? It will mean we have left the EU in its entirity, which is what we voted for and without giving away humongous sums of our hard earned taxes. Sovereign rule, that’s what I voted for!
The latest Channel 1 World! #oil #brexit
New post ('Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto) has been published on Right Now News -
She triggered A50 while she had no plan... never answers questions properly in regards to whether Russia interfered in Brexit... or most other questions in PMQ's... she celebrates the loss of FoM for UK ntls?
Ok what I whant to know about the #Brexit is : If Spain put's Gibraltar on the table can put Olivença?
#Brexitcarol Twelve Johnsons scheming Eleven pipers duping Ten Lords a sleeping NEIN Lady prancing Eight maids a bilkin Seven Swans a Queening Six cheese apräing Five goven trends Four call a friends Three French Men Two Merkel gloves and A Brexit Minister hanging from a tree
Uh, Brexit or Trump. Lewis is having a bad day.
Mikey: always so interesting to hear UK take on Think Again, Brexit etc. Interesting that here in USA we have similar problems btw what the majority wants &amp; what the govt acts upon.
I hate this #brexit good news
Just leaving this video here
I'd actually go as far as saying that people did know what they personally voted for - their own idea of Brexit. The lack of clarity before the referendum meant people had no idea that their version of Brexit might not become reality.
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's #Brexit silence: Former minister John… #Brexit #ClickBait
Understand what is good for it (referring to brexit as well jbte) and what is absolutely contributing to it's demise. Khudara, thora kam piyo.
The #Brexit Blues....
Why do you look at ... The yield curve to tell me direction of the USD - $USDX chart does that BREXIT talks to tell me where GBP will go - $GBPUSD chart works Deutsche Bank shit trading to determine EUR strength - $EURUSD chart is reliable #MAGA #QANON
Drill down for details
here is one for you &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; you LEFT #UKIP AND #BREXIT just when we NEEDED YOU MOST ??????????????????????????
Shitshow +++
it all worked out badly in the past but it is v difficult to rectify things it was sad that the 3 border counties were cut off from their Ulster "brethren" but saying that Ulster was always different from Munster so identity works in many ways Brexit debate is reactivating this
Can you elaborate, please!
Worth a read.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
, Brexit needs a theme song..strangely no one in the UK wants to touch it...
Oh, yes. After Brexit Polish people were victims of hate crimes. The Polish government was forced to speak out on behalf of it's terrorized citizens in the UK. Working class Brits not happy with east EU citizens taking Brit jobs &amp; providing cheaper labor
Settled by putting the Brexit conspirators on trial, removing the enablers from the BBC and enquiring into exactly why you intervened to stop an investigation of Aaron Banks. We need a Mueller style enquiry into the subversion of our democratic safeguards. #Brexit
The government and never expected the people to vote #Leave #Brexit
John, your AEDS (Arse Elbow Differentiation Syndrome) is getting worse. You can’t make any trade dead while still party to EU trade rules. Brexit is a complete shambles and should be reversed.
Gibraltar voted to stay within the UK the brexit vote was a UK vote not a England Wales Scotland Ireland and Gibraltar vote. UK voted to LEAVE as a unit.
A general election doesn't solve anything you still will have brexiters leading the labour party and you would more than likely have them leading the Tory party with no guarantee that of the MPs elected there will be a majority to stop brexit
Hughie what are u actually raging about? Why are u actually pro Indy? Have u actually thought it through? Is brexit teaching u nothing? Have u actually read any history or do u just believe what people tell u?
If Brexit incurs an opportunity loss, supply deficit, or licensing hurdle, then in some instances, drugs may not be there, or arrive later. If they were life-saving drugs, then some lives may not be saved. I hope this answers your questions. This conversation is closed.
Spain is holding up the whole deal on Brexit because of a 300 argument with Britain over Gibraltar and I’ve got to admit, I really dig that kind of moxxy.
WTO is the only true brexit a fresh start and 39 billion to help us on the way U.K. tax payers money helping U.K. taxpayers What not to love
Oh Nigel, whatever were you thinking, when you said this. Mr Farage later said he was concerned a pro-Brexit rally Mr Batten and Mr Robinson are planning for December 9...
UK Parliament has sovereign power. It can vote down Tory Brexit and vote to rescind Article 50.... But don't have the bottle..Can also choose "People's Vote" but Corbyn doesn't want it. He wants Brexit but wants to blame Tories....all he is interested in is a GE...
Certainly re. the politicians this is true and immigration was an issue for exploitation. This is why it gets so little traction right now. If we were honest we'd say she's interpreted the Brexit vote right, but not what a realistic, deliverable form of Brexit is.
This deal is bloody awful and you know it. It is not the best option. The best option is to stop Brexit. Why don't you have the courage to admit this? Why respect a corrupt and criminal referendum?
Brexit discussion at Labour Conference via
Desperate and disastrous stuff.
Why we need to fight the #Brexit battle all over again
Most of my Asian and Black friends and acquaintances in Slough ( most ethnically diverse area outside London ) voted FOR Brexit enduring a comfortable Leave vote . They were opposed to E European immigrants
Fair look here at Theresa May's fortunes as they stand. She's still standing.
Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says. Said the numerically illiterate woman, who messed up the police cuts numbers; even when handed the hard work by others, statistics and research on a silver platter.
Spanish PM threatens Brexit 'veto' over Gibraltar
You can be outside the EU and still in both SM and CU, as other countries are and as was offered as an option by leading proponents of Brexit, as I imagine you know by now.
Politico EU published it right
Furthermore one has to ask if some of our EU trade is lost post brexit due to becoming uncompetitive vs our EU27 competitors where is the business coming from to replace that. The deal is simply a kicking of the trade can down the road #peoplesvote #NotBuyingIt
New anti-Brexit party launches in Britain
So, this is the friendly relationship with Europe after Brexit for which we are preparing? With last minute attempts to strongarm Britain into concessions on territorial sovereignty. True friends do this, do they?
not true.. best option is to drop brexit altogether.. or, at least, postpone'it foe few years
Obviously this is because of Brexit
Spain bars May’s way to Brussels Brexit deal
Come to an English language country in Europe, but not mired directly in Brexit. "Ireland?" A superlative suggestion. I look forward to it.
Should probably chase the incompetent bankers and politicians out of the place
You’re choosing to misrepresent what was said. He didn’t fall for the interviewer’s trap. You did. Listen carefully Given the current state of affairs, not even important, given the tests are based on Tory promises for their Brexit following their ref
Senior UKIP Figures Fear Their Leader Is Going To Make Tommy Robinson The Face Of Brexit via
You are talking rubbish, a second ref is very likely, and remain will win. And any one of the court cases currently going on can stop brexit. Brexit is fortunately dying.
Large parts have abandoned hard Brexit and are backing the PM’s but they have not abandoned Brexit itself. So correct.
Question for the #FBPE lot, are you irritated that the EU doesn’t have an army yet so they can’t force us under control by military means? #Brexit #Peoplesvote
Chuka doesn't 'need' to do anything and neither does anyone else .Brexit is your bastard child of Satan .You raise and sustain it yourself .
you can’t go and sign a deal before the commons has voted on it #brexit
No-deal Brexit forecast to cut growth by £40bn
your doom....................
Spain seek clarity on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit via
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Like brexit promises.
Prime Minister. What ever happened to Dobby ?
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
BBC News - Why Switzerland is worried about UK trade after Brexit
We’re under their rules. The Brexit deal is under their rules. Why do you think there’s Tories aghast at the deal? Let’s face it, you can’t trust that bunch, the fishing, Scots oil, whisky, the lot (&amp; Shetland lands more fish than all put together), will be bargained off to suit
UK and Gibraltar present firm united stance as Brexit row continues via
And Labour will lose again. ANY general elections at any time.
While Theresa May attempts a nation wide charm offensive, NEVER FORGET she is responsible for the millions of homeless, hungry children &amp; a failing NHS. The money wasted on a Brexit that will make us all worse off could have alleviated much of the suffering.
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brexit vote - The Independent
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
At least it wasn’t spot
More sheer inanity from Diane Abbott
In future, history will look upon T May in the same way it now regards Guy Fawkes - as a constitutional abomination. #MAYMUSTGONOW
'Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto… #Brexit #ClickBait
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Signs of hard brexit.
Chicken Curry Champ... The, chicken from Moypark. The Curry from India. The champ from NI... We, win... Leo, is a mischievous, irreverent, meddlesome politician. Everything he has done in respect to Brexit, has been to undermine NI. Everything, May has done, likewise. Shameful!
Stopping Brexit
The other point worth making is that Remain would have won easily in 2016 if a no deal Brexit had been clearly the other option. It is dishonest and stupid to pretend otherwise.
Because they know it’s political suicide to take charge of Brexit. They’re looking after their careers. 75% of MPs voted remain, they know this is a political disaster and Brexit will not end well, there is no ‘Good Deal’
‘The man who was Brexit secretary until 10 minutes ago now reckons the Brexit deal is worse than staying in the EU. Yes, mate. The great spectacle of the past two and a half years has been watching allegedly very clever people realise this incredibly slowly’ is on so many points
..and the message from the humble lumpen proletariat, is clear: 'Begging your pardon, Mr Jeremy, sir but please stop working so hard sir. We need you conserve your energy for when you are the ruler of our country so you can give us our jobs-first Brexit'.
Being German feels more secure to me because the looming no-deal Brexit is not such a horror on the horizon anymore. Otherwise, happy to have the citizenship of the country I was born in at last. Feels good.
Large parts have abandoned hard Brexit and are backing the PM’s deal but they have not abandoned Brexit itself. So correct.
Heavens knows where you get these dodgy polls, Sadiq Khan's offices, the workers at the Sinking Guardian, universities, Still there good for a laugh, Latest poll show No difference in the leave voter Leave voters are More Hardened Towards Brexit,
Many, if not most, remainers and most of the international media see Brexit as an immigration issue. Some of us see it much more as a trade and international out reach issue.
They wanted many different things, including the right to compost their tea bags... #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Which is what ppl like Raab who stands to make zillions from Brexit has perpetrated on the rest of us In a narrow ref paid for by foreign £ they have stolen our countryThey will be rich and the rest of us poorer Suckers NO going forward together Fuck off
£350m a week for the NHS... Looks like Vote Leave deceived you the most. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #FBPE #stopbrexit
All part of the plan, transition, followed by transition, anything to ensure we never Leave. The EU does not want to kick us out and May wants us to Remain, so how was that ever going to result in BREXIT.
“ Brexit is not the end of the world” ..... just Europe
Labour must abandon the soft #Brexit position and come out for Remain and reform
And now, as a pinnacle, the bloke from Wheatus weighing in on Brexit...
So she and Robbins have conspired to commit treason and now bribery and corruption, there no knowing how low she will stoop.
if the current average paperwork clearance of two minutes at Dover was increased to just four, there would be a 20-mile tailback within 24 hours on the UK side.
Mays end game strategy its my deal or no #Brexit. Well #Brexiteers end game strategy is vote her proposal down and get rid of her. The EU does not want a deal. This anti-democratic empire wants to crush Brexit via
Spain PM: EU summit 'won't take place' if no agreement on Gibraltar I think trade deals, if we ever get to that stage, will last a very, very long time.
Update: EU struggles to agree on Gibraltar before Brexit summit - Reuters
The last piece of the Not Really Leaving jigsaw.
You do what #Britain tells you.
Like previous versions of Hillary, 4.0 only regrets losing.
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out via
It.'s' Bleak Friday!'
If Brexit were a movie... - BBC News - FiWEH Life -
He was used to governing a huge area of Iraq post war as an almost feudal Governor of a province. Now he struggles with reconciling all this Brexit tosh with his internal views. Writes a good book. Go back to that &amp; we would be pleased. And you would be happier too Mr Stewart.
Totally respect you Dominic. Keep fighting for what is right. We voted out and nothing should be put in the way.
Million Pound Baby (pound going to shit due to Brexit)
Another fallacy is that ppl didn't know what they were voting for, I'm not sure that's true. I understood a vote Leave was to leave altogether, what is now being called a no-deal brexit - and fearing that outcome is exactly why I voted to Remain.
May heads to Brussels for #Brexit talks as Gibraltar row rumbles on
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
May's Brexit cul-de-sac: Her "deal" - very soft Brexit or: GE and rigged 2nd ref. Predictable. And the elites know full well that sheep will STILL vote for them. They're laughing at you. #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGoNow
So let's say about 10% voted for each of these choices (because we just don't know). In which case, a Brexit deal on Theresa May's red lines (which is what she's trying to push through) has only 10% support.
Brexit means Brexit and Gibraltar means the UK.
Reader’s comment: If #Brexit fails, democracy falls with it
'Brexit Means Exit Rally is on 9th December' Should be a great success, Mr Batty.
You better ask Robbins , mostly his doing.
I parted company from them when they decided to spend more energy on attacking Corbyn than discussing brexit.
Brexit deal would see Northern Eire diverge from remainder of UK, Arlene Foster to inform DUP |
The DUP are totally miffed with #TheresaDismay and are going to pull the plug on their Confidence and Supply Deal. Stand up to Mrs May as her deal is rubbish. She has lied her way through the past 2 years or more. It's a mess.
So what does your Pro brexit country exactly produce then; since the coal mines, steel works and car manufacturing plants were all closed by your beloved in the 80s! I can list more industries if you wish?
Tells you all you need to know about FBPE's. No direction, it's a bloody waste of time engaging them when they cannot even distinguish between the people responsible for Brexit and Corbyn.
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal -
£18bn worse off. Eighteen. Billion. Pounds. Like I said - if Brexit goes ahead you’ll be BEGGING for these levels of Tory austerity. Wait until the medicine runs out.
Better useless than a twit like Boris Johnson helping lead England off the cliff with Brexit
MEPs representing Gibraltar have slammed Spanish ‘last minute political posturing’ over the Brexit withdrawal agreement via
Not according to all the polls in all of the UK but what would you expect from the cabal of 3?, She must have polled herself Corbyn adn McDonald Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
Spot on. Not that my MP can understand .
This is yet ANOTHER chunck of evidence (if people are paying attention), of how DYSFUNCTIONAL #NHS Services (or 'for the NHS) have become. HARM is routine (Undercover research and testimony evidence). #NHS in dire state by Brexit distractions. #NewsExcel
Because American "liberals" are as much a part of the discrimination equation as the overt #MAGA nationalists
BBC News - Brexit deal: Government exploring extra DUP assurances, says Chancellor
Plenty lawsuits coming then.
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brexit vote
Arlene Foster to Theresa May: Stop wasting time and seek new Brexit deal
Editorial: In potentially allowing a Final Say, the Supreme Court has proven to be a friend of democracy
Brexit deal would see Northern Ireland diverge from rest of UK, Arlene Foster to tell DUP
Why the fuck they looking at Phil's when they going thru brexit..me thinks this is just some bullshit side noise
What would happen if Parliament rejected the Brexit plan?
I can't agree. Sorry. The rest of her party are every bit as much to blame. They have sat back and let her run rings round them. They all need to go. This is our darkest hour. Let's make it theirs instead. #maymustgo #brexit
WE ARE AT WAR: The United Natiomns Globalist gov has taken over UK gov &amp; is destroying the foundations of our society every day. . #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews
Not Brexit. May's craven capitulating tactics are driving this. What we are bring force-fed is not Brexit.
Be nice if everyone stopped trying to be the coolest kid on the block with the most bomb-ass Rube Goldberg Machine #QANON #MAGA #BREXIT #WWG1WGA
the story is repeating itself from WWII no lessons learned #Gaza #Yemen #TheresaMay #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine #trade #finance #science #tech #Trump #Afghanistan #finance
May’s legacy: her Brexit deal could crush the Tories
You forget or airbrush out Labour's part in the state of economy in 2010. The budget that Darling put forward prior to GE10 was "austerity greater than Thatcher." The economy was teetering on the brink. Labour is aquiesing to a disastrous Brexit, but hey lets blame the LDs.
Spain is holding up the whole Brexit deal over a 300 year old arguement with Britain over Gibraltar and I have to admit, I dig that kind of moxxy.
Brexit agreement reached by UK and EU – NFU response
UFU gives cautious welcome to Brexit agreement
this is interesting. the effect of agreement due to brexit. this situation might happen in malaysia.
Brexit: Draft withdrawal agreement is best option – NIFDA
A ratio of 1.08:1 was not a mandate for TM's interpretation of Brexit. It was no mandate at all. At best, it was a result which required a more sensible, logical debate about our role in the EU we helped shape.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
I'm desperate to believe politics cannot be this corrupt &amp; deep down May is trying to bring down brexit from the inside by cobbling a daal so undesirable, brexit gets pulled. I know I'm wrong. She is a proven monster politically, but part of me wants to believe.
BBC News - Gibraltar: What's it got to do with Brexit?
Too fucking right.
May Starts Media Campaign to Win Support for Deal: Brexit Update
Skip forward to 2022 - We will be facing our 12th year (!) of austerity - The economic cycle suggests another recession is a near certainty. - We will still be negotiating Brexit - Billions squandered - Lower Growth - Businesses ready for friction and leaving - Political turmoil
The Tory high command believe by stressing the control of borders they are addressing the issues of the Brexiteers. Yes immigration was an issue, once, but Sovereignty is by far the most important factor in our choice to leave the EU. So alas, May, you are flogging a dead horse.
U.K. and EU agree #Brexit deal in a draft that hands wins to May. Read:
Even Farage finds the current UKIP too extreme!
Hope for border area after #Brexit deal
Forget even trying for a husky brexit - the UK deserves a vague brexit!
Not according to every poll in all of the UK but what would you expect from the cabal of 3?,She must have drunk Mays kool aid! She must have polled herself Corbyn and McDonald Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out
Great stuff. Well done and all involved with this.
What a depressingly inward looking country we've become.
so just to recap: UK car industry bosses FAVOUR brexit? or OPPOSE brexit?
2021: a brexit odyssey
There's been a cover up - let's prove it
We are being had here a #Brexit deal which places us in a worse position than our current membership of the #EU why would you do that? only if you want to persuade us indeed force us to beg to be re-admitted to the engulfing arms of mother which will now be a deeper #EU
While the LibDems push a third referendum at any cost. The moral high ground your looking for doesn’t exist. You’ve stumbled upon Hypocrisy Heath!
I can't imagine the bitterest Blairite voting for this car crash.. not even Blair himself.
Don't be taken in by the Rampant Remainers' campaign of fear #Brexit
Spain Bars May’s Way to Brussels Brexit Deal
I totally understand his comments, living in a Tory stronghold with a vile MP (Nadhim Zahawi) and many faithful councillors. The district council here, principally Tory voted down a people's vote referendum. I massively respect John Major for speaking out more on brexit than JC
Spain's objection over Gibraltar prevents the European Union from clearing the last hurdle before a leaders' summit on Sunday is due to endorse the Brexit deal with Britain
YOU - Steve Baker &amp; David Davis were both Brexit Ministers. You had your chance, and you screwed it up. Now, you're looking to pass on the blame to everyone except yourselves for the mess. This a shameless abdication of your own responsibility for the state we are now in.
#Brexit deal a double disaster for Northern Ireland unionists — first the deal itself, second
It doesn’t bother us *that* much because it’s so absurd that it may lead to a re-think of Brexit?
There is no leaving the EU ... How can there be a NWO ?? This is quite interesting... or maybe just some type of smokescreen
Spain Official Says Brexit 'Treachery' Line Lost in Translation
Because you lot try and make out that Brexit will be the biggest hardship in our history. The last thousand years proves otherwise. #Brexit
I'm gonna spend that money on electricity over #Christmas seeing as I'm: #British, shit-#poor and #Brexit is waiting to bodyslam me to a new level, but thanks for trending. Peddle your Z-list shit somewhere else!
There’s a reason Labour is haemorrhaging the 18-25 and Remainer vote. The name Corbyn is on the reason and his and the Feomt Bench’s handling of Brexit. By all means carrying on not listening Mr Edwards. It will just result in another lost election. Avoidable. Such a shame.
And the impetus for Brexit among the well-heeled? Curiously, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive must be implemented by member states starting January 2019.
brexit is a good thing. The UK has always held the EU back. You insisted on low wages, poor regulation of taxation, rejected working directives. you will have more brown people, less white people. have fun.
All opinion polls since last August have shown an increasing Remain tendency, with the Survation poll for Channel 4’s Brexit Special showing 54-46%, an 8% margin. Labour voters are 70% in favour of Remain, Momentum 92%
Spain stands firm on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit via
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype
Foster warns support for Conservatives may be revisited over #Brexit
#TheresaMay to embark on #Brexit tour amid 'gongs for votes' row
Humiliation or not the 30 million that didn't vote to leave must stand firm, reject the blandishments &amp; the bribes on offer &amp; demand their constitutional right to change their minds. Let the people decide Theresa May, let the people decide.
As a former branch chairman of UKIP, I 100% endorse this. Whilst not in UKIP now, I see their place in UK politics, however it shouldn't be emulating BNP.
she is ready for her part in the pantomime THE WHITE WITCH OF BREXIT.
DUP may 'look again' at confidence and supply with Tories if Brexit deal is approved
The Irish Border is Brexit’s fatal flaw yet nobody seems to acknowledge this.
#brexit desperation? Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's support
The UK climbdown over the Irish backstop is not the most surprising feature of this saga. Theresa May has climbed down on most of her Brexit red lines since 2016. The more surprising thing is the meek unionist reaction to this deal,writes
May couldn’t control immigration while she was a Home Secretary, she failed to do her job then and she’s failing to do her job even as a PM! Her #Brexit deal will still allow EU citizens enter UK via Ireland without restrictions ! #NoDeal #MayInBrussels
The Government and Official Opposition have different strategies for a deal with the EU, then there are backbenchers (mainly backbenchers) working for No Deal or supporting a deal, but not neccessarily what's on offer and then there are backbenchers aiming to stop #Brexit.
remember the PROMISE YOU MADE &gt;&gt; ????, seems sooooo long ago now and you ALLOWED #BREXIT TOP BE ERODED in favor of a HUGE WAGE FROM #LBC ??? it will NOT BE FORGOTTEN
Interesting definition of success... but yes, it's late. Enjoy your weekend also :)
Have you ever seen Father Jack On the tv show Father Ted? He shouts out a lot..like this.
No more Brexit give us an EU EXIT. Not listening to your lies anymore.
consciousness of animals sometimes exceeds the consciousness of humans #Gaza #Yemen #TheresaMay #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine #trade #finance #science #tech #Trump
And Richard Patient, MD Tory Indigo/Thorncliffe/YourShout of #ChrispStreetMarket development infamy, may not have been a #BrexitTheMovie backer(not every financier is credited though) but he's lobbying for Brexit via the 'Alliance of British Entrepreneurs'
New post (Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal) has been published on newsofdayonline -
What is up with her??
you changed the example to something bad just to say that. So why should you care about people losing freedoms from brexit?
Piece I’ve written for Artists for Brexit.
Why would any politician vote for something that wasn't in their country's best interests? I'm not just asking in order to explain Varadkar's position, I'm asking why you &amp; other Brexiters support something which is clearly going to damage the UK economy &amp; our children's futures.
I hate to say that, but HC makes a point. The far right wing party AfD won first time seats in the Congress in Germany, Italy goes right bc they have problems since years with illegal immigrants entering via the sea, LePen had in her last election too much supporters, Brexit.
I don’t want to be associated with the British state and it’s institutionalised racism any longer.
Every day I'm reassured by the fact that we have a Christian Prime Minister.
Most of the forecasts (including HMG) suggest a significant drop in GDP post Brexit. Shouldn't you mention that too? And the plan mitigate it!
Excellent and recommended
Please veto Brexit. You would be doing us a big favour.
It would be more accurate to say that, if proceeded with May's Brexit deal is the start of lengthy humiliation for Britain. With no end point quickly in to view!
She gets more extreme as Brexit approaches.
Why is this slag not in the tower
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Oh for goodness sake. You really do have a low opinion of the electorate if you think you can sell your back stabbing, cowardly faux brexit deal to us. Even the dimmest of dim wits knows that you have either caved in embarrassingly or been offered a lucrative role in Brussels
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Gibraltar puts the UK between a Rock and a hard place on Brexit | John Crace
Yes and thats what 17.4 Million plus want!
At best a Remain PM &amp; Cabinet ran EU negotiations into chaos; at worst they conspired to stop Brexit while pretending to seek it. Yet Brexiteer critics deserve the blame! This claim assumes what must be proved: that Brexit is "impossible." You show the fanaticism you denounce.
Which is basically #Brexit in a nutshell, which has been apparent for 2 years unless you’re a fucking head in sand or brain dead lunatic…but fuck it you’ve put the country in stall for 2 years so just let it crash
A People's Brexit? Laughable! ANY brexit will be against the people, NOT for them. Wake up! This idea of a Lexit utopia is for the birds!
13% are utter morons then! 100% of the Brexit voters I know are furious.
So now the winds have changed and suddenly there is remorse and anger. Where was this when Brexit was still going swimmingly?
Now we go on the offensive. On the street Support a united front to Number10 Don't let opponents and poisonous media divide Brexiteers Brexit Betrayal Rally London, Sunday, 9 December. #BrexitBetrayalMarch
If you’re a Zoologist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a calamity for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Finally some brexit dividend
Gibraltar MEP Warns Brexit Will Mean GIVING AWAY The Control We Had
Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal? - We have a #PeoplesVote , there's #NoBrexit , and we stay in the EU, please god! #SaveTheUK #StopTheInsanity
Brexit means a much worse situation than where we are now, &amp; having massively less resources to fix all the problems Westminster has caused. Plus defrauding the UK people of their rights &amp; prospects based on domestic lies and the psy ops of hostile foreign actors.
How much power did the working class exert to either force a Brexit vote in the first place or influence negotiations? How much of it has been the expression of ruling class splits and contradictions?
Northern Irish DUP says it may ditch May’s government if Brexit deal passes #News
Genuine question... what exactly did you think you were voting for by casting a ‘leave’ vote? What did Brexit mean to you? Why did you feel that that the UK would be better off outside of then EU? I’m pro-EU but I like to try to understand both sides - I think this is healthy!
Tariffs are exorbitantly high for food products. Under a deal, they'd be kept at zero, but without one they'll average 22%. This would devastate UK agricultural exports, whose main market is Europe.
Since when did betting odds reflect reality rather than the amount of money wagered on unlikely outcomes? #justsaying #GeneralElectionNow #Brexit
#brexit just cancel it nobody knows what they are talking about cancel brexit headache and call a new vote where people actually know what the implications are for everybody
"The number of homeless people in Britain is soaring by more than 1,000 a month, and reached a total of 320,000 in the first quarter of this year, according to research released Thursday by homelessness charity Shelter". …
If we had to have one, I'd have Macmillan's one nation paternalism anyday. No stigmatisation of poverty, council homes were built, miners were heros. Cameron's posh spivs had no positives at all. The negative effectss, on the NHS, housing, sell offs, etc and Brexit are disasters
I’ve gone to bed and turned on Stephen does Brexit does a list of unchallenged rumour and bolllocks.
Brexit: Migrants give UK a wide berth as other options abound | DW | 21.11.2018 #brexit
Why Brexit Was Based on a Political Fantasy &gt;&gt;&gt;
We didn't vote for a deal FFS get rid of her
The public won’t accept it. Theresa May is a moronic cunt. She needs to resign and take the other globalists with her #NoDealBrexit #FBPE
European "Umami" is not the land of milk and honey, but try livinig without it in a Hard Brexit. #BrexitMetaphors
All Leave voters that lose their jobs as a result of #Brexit, deserve it. They have been warned.
Spain's efforts to attract Brexit banks from London - futile. "Spain was never a viable option for relocation."
Look no further. Go to the website. Have a read. Watch a few AMDWaters you tube video. Make a decision who to support next time round.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Until recently I found Jacob Rhys Mogg an inspiring, considered voice of reason and sense, giving hope that we would indeed see Brexit fulfilled for those who voted for it. He now sounds lame, peripheral and ineffectual. It’s become clear that Brexit is drawing its final breaths.
This is a joke given that you&amp; your DUP colleagues are determined to shaft small businesses by your desire for a no deal Brexit that will destroy SMEs as well as living standards of our ppl.
It’s a Brexit debacle by
Oil prises down – Spain to veto Brexit Sunday?
Surely will come forward to save Britain from a far-right that supports Brexit and adores Putin... oh... er...
Foster warns support for Conservatives may be revisited over Brexit
#BrexitBetrayalMarch Nonexcuse to ‘do nothing’
As CC states, eye off the ball on Brexit whilst everyday policing struggles with increasing demands. Policing laid bare in a rural force!
TOO FEKIN LATE ? YOU HAVE ONLY HAD 2 YEARS YOU STUPID WOMAN
My understanding is that she will sign the Compact on December 6th but no one wants to discuss it. All taken up with Brexit.
Yeah .. you mean like your Google crystal ball? Or your accurate predictions of doom for Brexit? So you have button for spell checking and you do not use it? I have a car but walked to Scotland for my holidays .. I mean, what the hell, right?
Problem is Downing Street believe the media version of Brexit.There were 4m people mainly concerned with immigration-UKIP supporters. But 13.7m other Remainers were not UKIP and they had other concerns - mainly sovereignty. If it was all immigration, UKIP would have been stronger
Varadker threatening to stop UK flights re Brexit....... good luck with that, #cockwomble
#CORRUPTION at Number 10.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Oops, Steve Cox blocked me too - guessing that it was something that I said. Or maybe pointing out that a previous British Parliament entered by Law the European Union as a partner in the Good Friday Agreement. Which in effect, means the end of Hard Brexit, if Brexit at all...
ABSOLUTLEY. #StopBrexit
Regarding #Brexit: I thought I'd share this lovely ad for the show 'Vikings' brought to you courtesy of .
There is another outcome. No approval on 2nd vote. May is ousted or resigns. A real leader takes over &amp; a No Deal, going into a Canada plus plus plus, follows.
May will resign? Not enough. Can Tory party members pay back in damages to the treasury the amount of money wasted on this Brexit also?
I agree. He wants Brexit and knows it’s the only way. Could we have had a worse leader of the opposition at a time like this?
She’s like a broken record!! If she was honest she would draw a line under her stupid deal &amp; Brexit altogether, withdraw article 50 &amp; renegotiate until such time as we get the best deal (if required) and give notice to leave then!! Let the people vote on fact not fiction
This, one hundred times!!!
Less to spend on cocaine and vintage clobber each year, woe is Peckham.
Spain about to hand Theresa May, a get out of jail free card. #Brexit
Got a question about Brexit? Ask Full Fact via
Although we, ZE GERMANZ, are particularly devastated to divorce our old mates, the Brits, #Brexit will affect many other places too. Which ones, you ask? Aha! We took it straight to the experts.
I guess you really can actually buy a "President" of the United States?? #MAGA #Trump #Thanksgiving #FridayFeeling #FridayMotivation #news #blackfriday #Brexit #blackfriday2018 #blackfridaysale
Take Five: *Brexit battle at home *The Fed *Last tango in Buenos Aires *Time to TLTRO? Take a look at the week ahead -
Shame isn’t campaigning against tax avoidance rather than getting involved in #Brexit. Almost as if they want the worst for #Britain like their shady #American backers .
There’s no way the SNP will vote for a Tory Brexit that makes us worse off than remaining in the EU, as far as I’m aware that is the same for the Labour Party. I suspect the Lib Dem’s will vote for it, simply because we know they will.
The crimes of brexit #MakeAFilmCheap
Many are never going to believe or trust government again
And this is why political honours are bollocks. He is Mr Hayes or otherwise.........just like Mr Sugar, Mr Howe etc.
Nope. Both party manifestos supported Brexit. They removed May's majority cos she's fucking useless.
I don’t want to be associated with the British state and its institutionalised racism any longer.
It genuinely amazes me how she sells out arenas. Probably the same people who voted for Brexit. But it makes me sad that these creatures exist in the world
How the #LibDems can stop #Brexit - "Where are the Liberal Democrats?"
Good morning. I see that finally it’s started to dawn on some more people that being a Soft Brexit rule taker is a worse deal than Remaining in the EU. So why have we wasted so much time and money on this? I mean, it was never exactly a difficult concept, was it?
So it's still Brexit but with no deal
Always been in love with
I honestly believe if I asked Theresa May what she had for breakfast, shed find some way to connect it to her Brexit deal being the right deal for the the people of Britain.
Never contaminate their lives with words like Brexit.
This awful woman is both &amp; a National Traitor to boot. MPs should ditch her from the office which she is morally &amp; intellectually totally unfit to hold.
Some ‘mind the gap’ analysis Why Switzerland is worried about UK trade after Brexit
Less and less #Brexit voters brave enough to admit it.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde #MarinaHyde's writing is the best thing about #Brexit
now this is a mood
Scotland will be as independent as it wants to be, but please don’t ignore the fact that there are plenty in Scotland whose first choice is to remain part of the UK but who are finding themselves having to move toward the independence agenda only because of the threat of brexit
Truth About May = May &amp; Merkel Were "Groomed" from youth2 carry on Hitler's 3rd Reich.. now the Globalist NWO 4th Reich. LOTS of Brits In Power Are German, [ Chgd Names]...Name of New ID Card in Venezuela= The Fatherland Card! #QAnon #WWG1WGA via
Is there an address to send a donation?
Funny how nigel can applaud Donald trump and condemn tommy for saying the same truth’s, nigel is spineless or ignorant on any issue other than Brexit, rock on “Gerrard”
The end is not in sight. We are a long way from resolving the European question. #Brexit
I have ruled out Christmas with family because I don’t want to talk Brexit with leavers. You have my sympathies...
So, to finish with Baker, let's talk a little about Brexit the Movie -that he extensively promoted. *Maybe* not only because he was in it. Oh, look who's there next to him? Wouldn't that be NRA/Trump's team Kate? (was she working for ASI or IEA ATT? Anyway, potato, potato) 207/n
Not her strong suit -figures...
1/2 Brexit started in 2014 with Nigel Farage's speech, "Polish citizens take advantage of our welfare &amp; spread diseases. Google Brexit Anti-Polish - From the US it looks like it's abt Muslim immigration, but on the ground it's about deep seethed British racism against East Euro.
The latest + + NEWSWATCH4U + +! Thanks to #blackfriday #brexit
Varadkar is a Twerp ! #Ireland should #Irexit &amp; dump Limp Leo ! #endEU &amp; #euarmy #irelandsvoicematters
As liberals we understand difference of view is possible &amp; it doesn’t make him a bad person, his choice is on conscience. policy is clearly anti #brexit &amp; pro #Peoplesvote but we are liberals too, not fascists. Thought control not our bag.
the UN should have more power to stop this catastrophe only oil gives Saudi Arabia immunity from proper justice #Gaza #Yemen #TheresaMay #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine
All the economic arguments against Brexit support global trade, well that only benefits the poor in cheaper goods, but when sourcing cheaper goods or services come at the cost of their jobs they're even more disadvantaged.
Draft agreement in a nutshell
the UN should have more power to stop this catastrophe only oil gives Saudi Arabia immunity from proper justice #Gaza #Yemen #TheresaMay #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine ,
And how many voted to leave to make a point to Cameron about austerity, or to bring loads of money back not realising what we get back etc. Several different reasons why people voted so Brexit isn't really Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
the UN should have more power to stop this catastrophe only oil gives Saudi Arabia immunity from proper justice #Gaza #Yemen #TheresaMay #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine /
Deborah is right to call out loose language like substituting electorate for voters It doesn't change the *result* but does change what you might think the mandate actually is. And there's no mandate for the hard or hardest brexit on offer from May or Mogg No one voted for this
Taking the weekend off Brexit because there is bugger all we can do before Monday now. So, to indulge my need for dark cynicism and a brooding loathing of right-wing politicians, I just spent the evening watching on Youtube. Now my life is complete again
Have just watched the BBC 'Inside the Foreign Office' and seen what a vain and conceited fool Boris Johnson is - completed intoxicated with self love, something his staff at the Foreign Office clearly felt - and he bears much of the responsibility for Brexit!
#maybot dishing out knighthoods to try and get her deal through parliament. Dont go to Brussels this weekend. RESIGN.
French banks scale back plans for post-Brexit staff moves
You promised us 800,000 job losses just for voting to Leave. We’re still waiting .. #Brexit
You've let us down Mrs May. After a lifetime voting Tory I will not be doing so again if you force this dreadful deal through
The comments on that fed are mind-boggling ; remainer after remainer dismissing g the eu referendum. ( as "advisory", it was "just 52%" , etc etc) - to them the Brexit vote was inconvenient and the EU, quislings and remoaners just need to press reset button and it'll go away
your Able to get jobs and everything you asked for that you wanted and your not having to worry about risking a hard Brexit which you don’t want ! Your party has said this from the start
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit: Spanish reservations over Gibraltar on…
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal: Spain was standing between Theresa May and a…
May heads to Brussels for Brexit talks as Gibraltar row rumbles on | Bailiwick Express UK
. I’ve just emailed my MP calling on her to stand up for environment and make sure the #EnvironmentBill protects our seas, bees and countryside after Brexit. Will you deliver a strong Bill?
Army’s secret plans to put troops on the streets to deal with potential chaos in the wake of a ‘No Deal’ Brexit
Spain bars Theresa May’s way to Brussels Brexit deal
The #BBC have been flooding this interview (piece of theatre) all day! When will they get the message - We see through your propaganda: We don’t trust you, her or the government! Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
Brexit to Eden #MakeAFilmCheap
The latest LawStore Social! Thanks to #blackfriday #brexit
Brexit: Will Spain's Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock? I guess if Spain are allowed to tweak the deal then we should be as well? #only fair
Anyone who believes she will actually deliver on that is deluded. How long have the Tories been promising to lower immigration to the UK. It just keeps going up.
You are a Great #British #Patriot &amp; potential #PrimeMinister !
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
Why didn't you do that when you were Brexit secretary?
Yes, imagine a party that supports the fascist Brexit and promotes hateful anti-immigrant rhetoric...
Brexit explainer in words and pictures.
Why does the E.U. get any say in #Brexit ? In a breakup, the dumpee has no say in the dumper’s life choices.
That is the biggest load of pure bollocks ive heard! How is thst going to be funded? That plan would take YEARS to come fruition! In the meantime we would plummeted into ruin! OPPOSE BREXIT! Stop being complicit with Tory brexit. 9/10 lab members want a people's vote! BACK IT!
Now I understand why ITV news is so anti brexit when you're on.
"Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal"
Brexit. You had your chance and you blew it spectacularly. Anyone who implies they have a secret better plan is straight up lying. That includes you know who. So let's just stop it And try and fix the horror austerity has wrought on the UK.
You’d die of heat.
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Canada, UK finalise post-Brexit nuclear cooperation - World Nuclear News via
Theresa May to embark on Brexit tour amid 'gongs for votes' row #Scotland
Can't disagree with any of this...
Question now is, are we capable of seeing this and taking appropriate action ie WTO rules identifying poss. probs. and devising counteractions? I think we are, but remainers think sky will fall, so, are you frit? or are you free? Do tell me.
Because there won’t be post Brexit time...Brexit will fail
BBC News - What would happen if Parliament rejected the Brexit plan? Sack all MP'S and Lords the people VOTE OUT, STATED IF 2ND REF THE RESULT WOULD BE THE SAME,poor old SKY news? media
again, remnants of WWII , where Jews and Roma people were under threat #Gaza #Yemen #TheresaMay #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine #trade #finance #science #tech #Trump
A man who you can respect.
Dunno but statistics show that 43 people in uk have changed their name to Hector Brexit!
Brexiteers do not seem to be keen to face scrutiny. Orwellian to suggest that a democratic vote which allows all the electorate to vote on the final Brexit deal is not democratic. Somehow the voters of 2016 are threatened by those of 2018 even though they are the same people
We must never give up.
Leaving the ground to seek a new deal for lions everywhere seemed such a good idea at first, but it turned out to be much more difficult than expected. So should we call the lion “Brexit”?
Oh good. By the way, no deal Brexit isn't how you describe it. It is simply Brexit.
heady days ....
Yes, indeed. I do think that when the history books get to sorting out Brexit, these aspects will be given prominence. But in reality, I think there's a lot of 'irrationality' behind Brexit too - things like religious and race prejudice.
Go Spain!!
Remainiacs in charge of Brexit, what could possibly go wrong...
Remainers must reject May’s Brexit deal
Yeah that’s a bit shite that mate. You’re basically a bit of a shithouse who doesn’t vote, thinks Boris is a harmless idiot, and u voted for Brexit but you’re not really sure why.#HarryPotterUniverse is boss btw
Yes, yes, YES! We MUST stop Brexit!
Catherine Please have a word or two.
Because they want real genuine actual BREXIT ? Because their leaders handles the media well and doesn't lose his composure ?
Also, is the issue really having a Remainer in charge and not the inherent contradictions of the diffuse views of so many who put a lot of hope in Brexit? Everyone seemed to forget Boris Johnson was all over the place on the single market just after the vote.
That crossed my mind but I have a theory May’s bad result owed to unique circumstances: mainly Nick Timothy pissing off OAPs, teachers &amp; parents all at once. Won’t happen again &amp; Labour will still sit in the fence promising Brexit unicorns
Brexit?
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
1/8th for 35. Mad. Y12 shit used to be 20. Effects of Brexit and inflation I guess...jesuuuus
Yeah I nam thee "Brexit apolocalyptica clusterfornicatia Smith"
Of course you can’t fathom that. In the context you summarise, is there any way that DUP can be dragged into the 21st Century? Can anyone get them out of their complacency about peace in Ireland or even the economic implications of Brexit for island of Ireland. Is it stupidly?
Excellent news. Time to ditch the traitorous
The Reader: Brexit could teach us a lesson about our place in the world
This is as likely as us electing Mr Blobby as Prime Minister. You were sold a vision of Brexit and the PM has now shown you what you actuallly voted for. Lesson learned - never hand a politician a blank cheque! Now we can have a chance to tell them this is not what we want...
She can read..that leaves.... #maymustgo
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
It's beginning to look a lot like a Brexit conspiracy "Oh it is, and we wont be forgiving anyone anytime soon for their betrayal"
Sammy Wilson saying Breakfast instead of Brexit on national live TV is actual all anyone needs to know about NI politics
Oh god she's still imploring us to back some form of brexit or other. No Theresa, not a snowball's chance. I like the benefits of being in the EU and don't see the slightest reason to give them up.
The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse via
Bloody brilliant, best info on #Brexit #MashReport
A superb Governor of
Nobody has a fuckin clue whats going on with brexit lets just put a ban on any news stories n release them like films every year or so cause maybe people might give a fuck
and are dangerous we need them out now before they do devastating damage to the UK both with Brexit and U.N. Migration Pact. Dump em now
#Brexit deal would see Northern Ireland diverge from rest of UK, Arlene Foster to tell DUP #news
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out - The Washington Standard
do they oppose brexit or do they support brexit?
Indeed, not disagreeing just saying, hmm actually it's complicated I actually think Corbyns tactic over the EU and Brexit was right for a long time. I think had he fought a different one Labour would have paid last GE, I also think the ground has shifted and a new is needed
As liberals we understand difference of view is possible &amp; it doesn’t make him a bad person, his choice is on conscience. policy is clearly anti #brexit &amp; pro #Peoplesvote but we are liberals too, not fascists. Thought control not our bag.
No, you won't.
AE Pritchard makes point that one country can hold up FTA indefinitely much like Wallonia &amp; Canada’s CETA. EU can indefinitely hold U.K. in the CU. If we allow this awful WA to go through we’re stuffed. Best way to focus EU minds on fair FTA is if we become third country! #Brexit
I always wondered who this Dan Hodges was and why so many despised him. Now I can see it. He's a morass of illogic.
What would happen if Parliament rejected the Brexit plan?
I don't think you should combine brexit to any party, clearly cuts right through both. What I can see is those that voted remain are the ones using our nation's resources as bargaining chips. My own mp (a staunch remainer will be voting for WA). P.s I didn't vote for him.
The Remainstream media – with all its talk of a "People's Vote" – lulled the EU into thinking it could stop Brexit by giving us such a stinker of a deal that Brits would change their mind. You and yours were complicit, with your sticky fingers all over it. Too clever by half?
Really interesting article
STOP VOTING FOR THIS PARTY!!! POLICING CRISIS, NHS CRISIS, BREXIT DEBACLE, WINDRUSH SCANDAL, HOMELESSNESS AT RECORD HIGH! AND THIS #Tory #shame
Nonsense Labour don’t have the votes in Parliament to ditch Brexit! What mechanism do you propose given that the vote on the deal will be in a few weeks and that’s it?
#Brexit. All roads lead back to Brussels? And UK possibly staying in EU?
Whether we stay in or leave the EU, those responsible should be held accountable. Don't let them duck responsibility, claiming it's not the Brexit they wanted. They lit the touch paper, stirring up nationalism and division. They made people believe lies they told. #PeoplesVote
Own your shit and take some f***ing responsibility. The Brexit deal that May negotiated is the best that could be delivered. The Leave campaign lied to and misled the public. We’d be much better off staying in now
Spain stands firm on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
Arlene Foster to criticise #Brexit deal at DUP conference
Chris Moncrieff: Who thought that Brexit would reduce political system in UK to rubble? "When the political class ignorethe vote of the people, why is anyone surprised?"
Have we got enough troops.
Actually there's an even better choice #PeoplesVote and staying in the EU! Brexit transition period can be extended until after next election, new change to Theresa May's deal says
Finally, there is a positive point to Brexit
Okay.... Can we have our £1.5m back then... BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
you are not wanting to risk a hard brexit so you need to vote for this you wanted a soft brexit they gave you one now your complaining it’s to soft what else do you want because you can’t have a hard brexit are you insane
Brexit explainer in words and pictures.
Brexit means Brexit, period
So Theresa May's Brexit deal is: Worse than Corbyn Govt Worse than No Deal Worse than Remaining in EU Worst of all worlds Is there anything it is better than? Or at least as good as?
Absolutely.
Or you could stop being yanked by England's chain, support an Independent Scotland and #DissolveThe1707Union #YesWeCan
It's party chaos under May. Ditching her would be 1 step towards restoring the sensible management of internal disputes. She is the symbol of the Tory party's betrayal of its principles. This is mainly about recovering Britain's self-governing democracy, but partly about her too.
#TheresaMay awards knighthood to Tory MP ahead of #Brexit vote
"Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal" -
When Brexit finally collapses, as it surely will, I shall watch on with interest as Julia Hartley-Brewer tries to re-invent herself. She is already looking to distance herself from the Brexit chaos that she has championed for so long.
Teresa May's heart was never in brexit and never will be be, the EU elite have frightened her into believing leaving would be a disaster for the UK not realising it is the exact opposite. She is the wrong PM at the wrong time.
Theresa May's all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt - BRIBE your way out via
Truly frightening
1/2 stoops to a personal attack on a former colleague in a Council meeting. He fails to recognise is that he chooses British Nationalism at all costs, regardless of what his constituents think! While wore the Union flag she was a friend and confidante...
Steve Bannon. UKIP. Increasing levels of racist and anti-immigrant crime. Try reading
After brexit there’ll be no deckchair attendants to do the rearranging.
PM to embark on #Brexit grand tour as she faces 'gongs for votes' row
The EU have said no further negotiating Tom. Please don't start peddling red Unicorns. I don't understand what you think the EU is going to move on just because it's Labour. The only options are no deal, this deal or no brexit. You need to come out for a #PeoplesVote to decide
for PM.
Yes, but there was no #AmericaGenocide, as we have #UKgenocide today (and he was still shot dead). Whilst British people are denied freedom of movement inside the #UK, to remove themselves from danger, others will not be permitted preferential #EU treatment. #BRexit #UK #JFK
All lies. On a scale never seen. They should all be taken to court. But not one overseen by Brussels.
This is all bullshit just a draft agreement that you are lying about as usual.
Joan Collins, unquestionably one of the best looking women ever, is pro-Brexit. Blows Pullman’s theory.
As the #DUP18 conference is on this weekend I felt that I should ask (yet again) what engagement did the party have with people here over Brexit? This is from an article a few weeks ago but it didn't mention that this is the Mother of a current DUP Councillor.Discuss.
Posted...
Dear old Walton on Thames, commuter town to London and where I am now, made it on National Public Radio (US: NPR) earlier this week. And so did the pub at...
All we did was vote to leave the EU. Peacefully, democratically. And look at how we've been treated. It's easy to forget sometimes that all we did was exercise our right to vote. Remainers have destroyed this country in their fury, not us. They're the problem, not Brexit!
Because there has been NO SIGNIFICANT INPUT FROM BREXITEERS since the vote,dopey.
TRENDING: Raab: Staying in the EU is better than Mays Brexit plan
Not all hero’s wear capes #Brexit
No. Because I live in New Zealand, and it’s only available in the UK. Are you guys practising for Brexit?
We had a cast iron guarantee that Brexit means Brexit from but that turned out to be a total lie.
Thank you, Nigel, for Brexit, but leave the rest to the grown ups; those with real insight into the problems faced by our country and who also have the courage and integrity to say what needs to be said. You can go away and shut up, now. Thanks again.
If we do find that the Leave Campaign committed serious criminal acts during the referendum, will be able to come back in ? That'll be ok, wont it ? That's in addition to the 'stuff' they've already been fined for. #Brexit
The quickest way to settle it would be to have a referendum on her deal or remaining in the EU. #PeoplesVote
Have they come out and said anything as yet?
Never mind Brexit Sammy, breakfast is much more important!!
Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May’s deal?
'Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto -
But at no time burning the #EU #Referendum campaign was it said the #Brexit would mean accepting a compromise. Infact totally the opposite was said! Thus by your statement is is not what people backed in 2016
Could there be a second Brexit vote? - Of course there could. The self-absorbed idiots in Westminster just need to stop naysaying and wringing their hands. No more bs about it not being democratic - give the people the chance to make an informed decision.
... Then a forth. Ridiculous omnishambles
Well said Eric!
get out of that if you can!
independent|How Europe became the funeral pyre for Tory leaders|
reuters|Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal|
Please, please, please let be right over #brexit. We must stay in the EU.
This must be a parody blog, it contains only two items, that only need cursory reading to establish they are unbelievable government spin. Pure incompetence if it was UK Gov, so can’t be real. Then again!
(BBC News):#Newspaper headlines: Moped gangs 'knockout blow' and #EU summit : Photos of police ramming into mopeds and a look ahead to the Brexit summit features on the front pages. ..
#Brexit: Brussels wants future deal to 'build on' existing #EU fishing rights
Tell Rowling I don't respect fantasy writers that much, anti-semitism in 2018 doesn't exist and brexit opposition is just reflection of fear that makes shadows of nothing like those fascists whom believe natural selection is for majority like attacking the rich is easy
independent|Theresa May casts doubt over her future if MPs vote down Brexit deal|
reuters|Spain digs in on Gibraltar before Brexit summit|
What a state government is in. The #Remainers are hopeless for betraying #Brexit and the #Brexiteers are hopeless for failing to do anything about it. Electable again? Not in a million years. #Corbyn wins by doing and saying nothing.
This is absolutely brilliant!
This is very sad, there were no #sunlituplands after all. I don’t exist, think about that! #brexit #BrexitChaos
No no no and no Hain promoting EU to keep his large pension doled out by Juncker the Drunker.
A wee #Brexit 'history lesson', compiled by Tony 2 months ago; it makes interesting reading .. all Brexidiots who claim they "knew what they voted for" should read it too #BrexitShambles a gogo
Although we, ZE GERMANZ, are particularly devastated to divorce our old mates, the Brits, #Brexit will affect many other places too. Which ones, you ask? Aha! We took it straight to the experts.
Varadkar is nothing but a Brussels Puppet !......he doesn't even remember his People voting a SECOND Time to get the right Result for Brussels ... making them the 5th Country to do so / Germany &amp; France were 2 of the earlier ones.
You all need to stop trying to push your own political motives and think of the nation this is the problem with brexit it’s all about what you guys want and not what you feel is best for this nation so #BackTheBrexitDeal now !
the-economist|The truth about a no-deal Brexit|
The latest Muise News! #brexit #oil
Bank of France governor pushes #Paris as post-Brexit clearing hub - Financial Times
Perhaps those journalists should do their jobs properly then? Just a thought. Or, whistleblow on the instead of claiming innocence in back rooms in private &amp; hoping for compassion. My compassion is with those they are complicit in failing. And it isn't just Brexit shame
Well then the only choice then is to remain in the EU?Spain to vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal over Gibraltar
New post (Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?) has been published on newsofdayonline -
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Just get out. Clean break.
So now we can hold you to this?? You fail to mention that it’s up to the EU as to ‘WHEN’ OR EVEN ‘IF’ that happens? We have ALL UK fishing rights back, NO EU fishing in UK waters, really!?.. If you’re going to try to win the people over Be Honest &amp; State the WHOLE TRUTH!!
This is dumb.
We already had the Brexit vote, you losers can keep trying to fight it but all you're saying is "we're undemocratic and don't respect what people voted for" even after 2 and a half years you'd rather the UK be tied to the EUSSR than recognise that is not want most who voted want.
May like hillary clinton have both earned the death penalty. It will come. Hopefully muslim style. Nice clean beheading publicly.
NF.. surely a success for nominative determinism.
We should apply these words to Brexit .
PM refuses to say if she'll quit if Brexit deal rejected - FiWEH Life -
and have been reporting on the Russian influence in our Brexit referendum. Well worth following to see the impact it’s had.
I can’t imagine not being able to watch my K-Pop crack videos! Please make your voice heard if you don’t want to miss out on your fave content! Everything’s so uncertain in the UK, with Brexit being so difficult... we don’t need this as well now... #SaveYourInternet
"current Brexit deal" ..there is no deal just an agreement for a transition and pay £39ml ..or may near £60bl ..
I find it quite sinisterly ironic that in order to get rid of a few foreigners vis-à-vis, free movement of people of the #EU, where are now opting to be ruled by foreigners without any political representation. #Brexit
Coming soon, compulsory fruit picking?
at the last exeter pride i saw a big labour party section of the parade, a few people from the green party, i did not see anyone from the conservative party and the lib dems turned up with a sign that didn't mention any lgbt issues but said "exit from brexit!"
Sorry, I won’t support anyone who supports Brexit, the UUP, are determined to fuck my 2 girls future up.
Rather confused arguments by remainers: Brexit is a disaster for business but Brexiteers who are in business will make lots of money from Brexit.
Personally Norway is great for me, my Brexit was against 'Greater EU', everything else is great. Voting Brexit was hard and I seriosuly wished it never happened but once forced to vote, no more EU. Out but EEA/ETFA is great.
She's sold our non gender specific fisher people up the river #BrexitBetrayal
Always bang on
Knight of the long knives....
‘In fact, the only realistic way in which the UK will be able to leave the EU is through no-deal'. #Brexit #Conservatives
A brutally honest, breath of fresh air about the reality of the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement. #PeoplesVoteNow
An absolutely pathetic reply to a real issue Labour have to address to win a GE. Shame on you. Were still governed by, and doomed to another Tory Gov and Brexit because of the sheer ignorance and arrogance of the loudest Labour voices and leaders. Its independence or bust.
She should go. JRM for PM and to deliver BREXIT
Proof that Clinton would have been a terrible president. In some ways, worse than Trump.
Watching #ABCNews ( ) now on #Brexit and watched story on #Brexshit the last half hour too. Lots of soundbites from #TheresaMay and #ToryBastards but not one single snippet from #JeremyCorbyn! BIAS. #JC4PM #JezWeCan #CORBYN #ToriesOUT #Corbyn4PM #RebuildingBritain #AUSPOL
UK could share sovereignty of Gibraltar with Spain to resolve Brexit row, Lord Hain says. IDIOT Some one explain to him Gibraltar is not for sale, these people are killing the UK, GET HIM OUT
If you’re a Priest in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Was looking forward to reading this. I’d be able to take it more seriously if they hadn’t got the year of the referendum wrong. On page 1 no less! ERG publish &lt;i&gt;Your Right To Know&lt;/i&gt; – the case against the Government’s Brexit deal via
As many of the 17.4m voted for their own personal Brexit version, and not one standard version, there needs to be compromise. This is not about pleasing people, this is about finding a workable solution.
Don’t forget as doing his lov show he’s keeping up the fight for Brexit using this medium to get the message out there !. As for running after his lap dog TR for the past year !.
This Simon, fingers and toes crossed hopefully this means peace in our time
on Twitter
May's Gov't doesn't have a mandate for any either her deal or no deal. Another ref'm would get the views of the electorate in 2018, after an informed debate instead of the deluded claims made in 2016. Then we all accept the outcome. THEN would be the time for a general election
Theresa May is going to get her Brexit deal through Parliament unless you can persuade me that a No Deal Brexit won’t be a disaster for the UK or that the EU will allow us a ‘managed’ No Deal. Come on. See if you can. Join me from 1 on
So is our economy. Who is the winner in #Brexit?
Majestic to stockpile £8m of extra wine to prepare for Brexit shortage
Tory rebel MPs ? Are the the ones that want to stop Brexit ? As the ones that want democracy are not rebels !
Hark hark there are good tidings of great joy
Brexit cost to UK jobs starting now! Vauxhall to cut hundreds of jobs at Ellesmere Port plant in Cheshire
'What a forgotten shipwreck in Ireland can teach us about Brexit'
Simple. That is what we asked for &amp; that's what we expect.
Sorry negotiation is over, suck it up or goodbye. As you wish bring on the border, no more NI drivers, no more ni agriculture, no more NI trucks to rosslare. No more cross-border initiatives, no EU funding, and no more DUP politicians.
Week ahead: Trump-Xi at G20, Fed minutes, BoE’s Brexit analysis
I'd say its you that's a simpleton. Your vote gave the green light for labour to support brexit. And not only that, you gave labour the knowledge that stop brexit parties like Lib Dems were no threat to them.
No, I’d like an effective leader of the opposition #brexit
Everyone is getting sick of the unending Brexit bile and back-biting, and we want it to stop. If the Withdrawal Agreement is worse than remaining, and if "no-deal" crash-out has catastrophic consequences, then MPs should, in the national interest, support the least worst option.
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar - Sky News
Time to stand up.... #MayMustGoNow
Courting controversy rarely wins anything but unwanted attention from the media. Associating with controversial figures at a time when he should be focusing on Brexit may well come back to haunt to Mr Batten. Love him or hate him, Nigel doesn't get many calls wrong!
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
It must be dropped as its no where near what was voted on
I’ve decided where I’m moving to after Brexit
I’d prefer brexit please
#Brexit. 650.MPs and overc30 milluon voters Surely up to the electorate to approve any deal??
2/2 Now that has weighed up the pros and cons of Brexit amongst other Tory policies that affect her constituents, she sees the benefits of self-governance for Scotland. I would advise to do similar and take off his red, white and blue blinkers! #brexit
I'm sorry . You've had this Geordie guy (Graham or whatever his name really is) on before. He's previously said he voted Leave and now regrets it. He's clearly a Remain troll. His sneering attitude is very recognizable. #Brexit
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Brexit will make your nation Hell. AND THEN WAR.....
Anti Brexit campaigners or pro slavers? You decide. I know what I think they are, can you guess?
Hmm. So "Mad Mel" Phillips is a Hard #Brexit loon, is she? Can't say I'm surprised. Amazing how all the Crazies &amp; Conspiracy Nuts are enthusiastic #Brexiters.
Brexit: Foster to reaffirm opposition to backstop at conference
Theresa May's Brexit deal may yet beat the odds and get through Parliament - here's why "If parliament votes this through, those MPS that vote AYE are toast"
The Tory party keep bending to their far right. Are they still running scared of ukip? Is brexit still about preserving the Tory party?
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
"Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions #love #followback #Twitterers #socialenvy #tweegram #photooftheday #20likes #amazing #smile #follow4follow #like4like #look #instalike #igers #picoftheday #food #instadaily #instafollow #…
BBC News Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions: What is at stake at the EU summit on Brexit this Sunday? The BBC's Rob Watson looks at the issues. #news #wordPress
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Retweet if you think is jacked, favourite for . Results will be counted accordance to Brexit
Brexit deal would see Northern Ireland diverge from rest of UK, Arlene Foster to tell DUP
Has literally every Tory supporter complaining of Remainer PM just forgotten that time Boris Johnson said after the Brexit vote "As the German equivalent of the CBI – the BDI – has very sensibly reminded us, there will continue to be free trade, and access to the single market."
Hello, my name is Hilary Clinton and today I woke up planning to run for office on a racist neocon platform, which is something I definitely haven't been doing unsuccessfully for decades. #abuela
Theresa May says will return to Brussels on Saturday in bid to seal Brexit deal
Exactly. People keep saying ‘this is/isn’t the Brexit people voted for’. Well, why don’t the govt ask us in the form of a referendum on the final deal with an option to remain as we are if we don’t like it. Then they will know what the will of the people is.
Anti-Brexit Black Friday Pop-Up Shops Offer Londoners "Worst Deal Ever"
He is more Tory than labour took it on himself to demand single market &amp;a customs union at conference who does he think he is like Watson undermining Jeremy at every opportunity shame on them.
well.. little wonder why Boris quit.. #Brexit
Cheers. Well obviously not the BNP. Seen as their fascists n all. I like some of what UKIP has to say, particularly on Brexit of course.
Really really excellent piece. When Ireland joined the EU she regained more than what she lost in 1922 upon leaving the UK. There are many lessons for Brexit there
No. We would pay an extra £8 billion. Brexit means price rises and more poverty. Turn UK into third world banana.
This isn't getting at Jeanette, I know already of the great work that she does here on a daily basis. I have done for YEARS. This is discussing what she believed the Brexit vote to be all about. ?
It sounds fucking hideous, even with your lying spin on it
Now we can stop #Brexit. Have your say
Anti-Brexit Black Friday Pop-Up Stores Be offering Londoners Worst Deal Ever -
A referendum is a very blunt instrument. It’ll be Leave with May’s deal or Remain if the Tories are in power. Canada+ is too damaging Brexit is overated. Not many Labour voters will vote for May because of Brexit More Tory voters might vote Labour because they have more to lose
#brexit Is a farce
Anti-Brexit Black Friday Pop-Up Shops Offer Londoners "Worst Deal Ever"
Those with extremist, xenophobic and bigoted views were driven a bit underground for a while, but people like you are emboldened by Brexit and Trump and are attempting to normalise your extreme views. They say the uneducated forget the lessons of history within 2 generations
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
We should get a better leader.
May's Brexit plan would mean lesser Australian trade deal, says Downer "Aussies, historical friends and allies.Unlike Frogs n krauts"
Spain bars May's way to #Brussels #Brexit deal
My jaw has dropped
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK
Brexit baubles: can somebody please tell me how the hell is this legal???
hi - can you advise why you have terminated the Number 10 bus? Our driver said it was Brexit related.
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal - World | The Star Online
Masked Brexit
Talk n tweets will not get people the brexit they voted for action does N Tommy has a March organized also talk n tweet esp from another country does not stop the rapes N stabbings
The Prime Minister threatens to neutralise Brexit, disable our sovereignty and obliterate the Conservative Party via
I think a lot of people will welcome the return of duty free.
This thread about what Brexit means for freedom of movement for UK citizens is well worth a read.
Theresa May says will return to Brussels on Saturday in bid to seal Brexit deal
Katya Adler sums up the #Gibraltar issue - it MAY (no pun intended!) go away.. but will almost certainly resurface AFTER #Brexit during the "transition" phase, where #Spain WILL hold a veto #BrexitShambles, part 111,997
To solve a question you need willingness to search for an answer. You have always been amongst the very few Brexiteers with arguments and objectivity. But Brexit in general got usurped by populists not looking for that answer. And populism as we all know by now is bloody costly.
Here's the thing - how do we fail to regain that by leaving on WTO terms? May may say that it's her deal or no Brexit, I and most of the 17.4 reject that as the choice, We want no EU control of the UK and no May
The latest The Vote Obama! Daily! Thanks to #brexit #orangetheworld
My stake in Brexit is that it is a blow to globalism which I am opposed. I do hope you Brits can get on with it in a way the voters wanted.
The only reason it failed was all the remain politicians did their up most to sabotage brexit at every step that's why they took 2 yrs ..
This would make both my votes count, but I'm just a signature what do I know.............
EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News ... via
BOTH ---
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
So far so disappointing. Let’s hope someone manages to pull the Brexit boat out of the fire.Such an opportunity, let’s hope this amazing opportunity is rescued even at this late hour.
Hope you were all discussing how to save the country from the impending Brexit catastrophe ?! Because I’m certain the people didn’t vote for this &amp; are getting angrier by the minute. Please support a PeoplesVote because we must protect our workers rather than the Tory Brexit.
Brexit blind dates: Love Island's Zara and Magid Magid - BBC News - FiWEH Life -
Most probably Mr King will be making a killing by shortening the markets and shortening the British pound as many others bankers that is up for a hard Brexit If one thinks the EU is bureaucratic wait and see what is like under WTO rules
There is no single vein of Brexit support - Leavers seem to have a wide range of motivations. There is no imaginable negotiated exit deal that all Brexiteers would support. Ascribing this to alleged Remain sympathy on May’s part is absurd. Disagreement is not equal to treachery
I feel sorry for you having this brexit thing,
Talk about the implications of a 'no-deal' brexit and the impact it will have on us. You first.. Go
The best #Brexit website ever
Call, Mi5, then call the, Cartel. Thank you, Madam Prime Minister. - You wanna see a, "show of force," I'm going to let you see a, "REAL SHOW OF FORCE..."
Literally the first rational response to #brexit I have seen
May's Gov't doesn't have a mandate for either her deal, no deal or no Brexit Another ref'm wd get the wish of the electorate in 2018, after an INFORMED DEBATE instead of the deluded claims made in 2016. Then we all accept the outcome. THEN wd be the time for a general election.
I went from dad on the dole, mom cried when the utility bills came, poor to $450k a year via Erasmus and time in Germany. I will cry if Brexit stops FOM. Why cant other kids have the chance i got?
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Polls claim 26% support U.K./EU deal, 46% reject, others undecided. Proves most support deal, the rejects, 46%, split 5 ways, referendum, G.E, renegotiate with EU, hard #Brexit , remain. Clear support is for deal. Time for people to get real.
Now there’s a cheery thought from before you go to bed. Sweet dreams. #NotBuyingIt
Years from now 'Brexit means Brexit' will be a saying of sorts.
Eh, no he hasn’t. Just looked after Irish interest. What’s wrong with that ? Not everybody is delighted with the ridiculous Brexit. But then again your part of the Brexit economy where self interested people can make media money from it. Shame on you again .
Please tell me this is not true: May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
He is a political passenger, not a leader. He’s causing Labour members to leave daily. He watches May try to deliver Brexit, as he lays in wait doing nothing, and has not even had the courage to say how he would vote in a People’s Vote. Shameless.
Thousands are joining this massive open letter to MPs to give the people a final say on #Brexit -- add your name!
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
As if Brexit needs to make faces go even redder!
Corbyn you are terrifying the vulnerable in the country by standing on the fence. The very vulnerable whose lives are at risk if you support brexit. Leaders should be giving them hope
Now we know for sure this poll is bullshit, just like you. Bio Capitalism, Sustainability, Freedom, Jobs, Brexit. So you like this: Youth unemployment, EU's dirty secret.
Radio stations - do stop Brexit phone-ins. Shouty vox-pop callers on both sides are tiresome. No more - please
Steve Bell on Theresa May and post-Brexit fisheries – cartoon
Whats tommys opinion on wonky veg and brexit mate??
The real Brexit bill: Northern Ireland
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The Unarmed British People Out
Join Ukip for BREXIT on the 9 Dec outside Parliament with Ukip speakers /MEP's and Tommy Robinson by invite .
Spain bars May’s way to Brussels Brexit deal
Thanks to May and her morons
Brexit is a turd I'll admit that but not because of lies and fantasies. We have a remainer in charge who has been monumentally weak. She has let the EU run roughshod over the UK and that is unforgivable. It was an opportunity of a lifetime and she's blown it!
I agree it's not legally necessary at all- promises on pamphlets don't count when honouring them would undermine Sovreignty of Parliament. But it might after all this nonsense be the only way to make rejecting Brexit look remotely legitimate to less informed or savvy people.
So that’s 23% for May’s Brexit deal, 45% against and 33% ‘don’t know’. What a bloody mess - only 1 in 4 support May
In Ireland it's wall to wall pro EU, business and scare mongering no wonder the EU referendum was overturned here. Even Boyd Barret (PBP) congratulated the right wing Government on it's handling of Brexit.
Need to wait till brexit lol
Great graph
The neighbours are hating on clearly they have no taste. Wait until Brexit when they eat your brains like MacDonald's hash browns.
He's a vile pos (big Assad fan of course - that seems to be a common thread) - he also opposed Scots independence btw, and campaigned with Farage for Brexit. I'm angrier at Alex Salmond for accepting a job with them, I did respect him, not respected Galloway for years.
“What do the EU27 think of Brexit? Although they are usually - but not always - too polite to say so, they all think the UK is making a historic mistake.” They are right.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
He missed out the but where we'll be stuck in transition until at least 2022 -unable to make our own trade deals. In order to leave transition we will be asked to sacrifice our fishing grounds or Gibraltar so we'll probably never leave transition and never able to make own deals
Owen Smith. 36 seconds.. #owensmith #newlabour #satire #TonyBlair #blairite #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitShambles #brexit #legacy 31
Your an idiot, its the spineless fear mongering fecks like May and you that have dragged this in the current direction. Still time though for someone with a backbone to tell them to take a hike, no deal is best way for the country
To quote Evelyn Waugh (no willing sufferer of fools): [They have] what would be known ... as a "personality". That is to say [they are] rather stupid, thoroughly well satisfied with [themselves] and acutely ambitious.
David Barratt (ALR) ( ) 24/11/18, 07:54 EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
The #Brexit Blues....
With #brexit reaching fever pitch, step forward the DUP to show just how incompetent they are on a global level
oh i see&gt; so this is helping #BREXIT in EXACTLY what way ??, as i see it it only helps HIS bank account ?
Another pretty accurate summary of events.
's Withdrawal Agreement ties the UK in the CU. This not what the UK electorate voted for! It's a subterfuge a Betrayal of #Brexit The Conservative Party manifesto that you and every Tory MP stood for Parliament on in 2017GE promised to #LEAVE the EU, SM &amp; CU.
When John Oliver compared Brexit to an orgy organized by cats, I felt that.
David Barratt (ALR) ( ) 24/11/18, 07:54 EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
Can you explain that to your politicians who are trying to gain self political gain instead of putting the public’s voice first we asked for this sort of deal and we got it now we need to keep it hard brexit is a bad way to go !
#Brexit How do voters feel?
Galloway summarised -
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions: What is at stake at the EU summit on Brexit this Sunday? The BBC's Rob Watson looks at the issues.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
I wouldn't revell yet, it's early days in the long Brexit game. This posted today;
Fox, Davis, Johnson and Raab? Face it, they are Brexiters and failed to negotiate a good deal for one simple reason, which is that brexit is simply stupid.
Or indeed, a buffoon *and* a liar. Not that that would make him unique among the #Brexit crew.
Julia, #Brexit is ofc about ignoring anything #expert related, however, Oxford dict is about as British you can get so ... Electorate: All the people in a country or area who are entitled to vote in an election. So, accurately as you insisted, it's 38% of the electorate.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Polish ppl have in past 40 yrs been treated badly all over Scandinavia &amp; west EU. In Sweden my fam who're immigrants from Ethiopia had undoc Polish house workers, should tell u something abt their econ status. L Best Brexit explanation, started in 2004...
When asked simple questions how about you'll fulfill the promise of revolutionising esports you respond with buzzwords and no actual answers. Getting information from Theresa May about her thoughts on Brexit would be easier.
'The damage will be huge, the benefits illusory': Peer demolishes govt's Brexit trade plans
Thank you for watching this for me. I switched off and drank some wine instead. Have reached peak Brexit for this week. Back on it tomorrow
In Asia Now: Asia markets mostly slip amid fresh uncertainties on Brexit and US-China relations
Theresa May Takes Her Case for Brexit to the People - - LONDON — With British lawmakers having given her Brexit plan a scathing review, Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday began a last-ditch appeal to a constituency she hoped might save it: voters so...
David Barratt (ALR) ( ) 24/11/18, 07:54 EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
So, it's a huge public relations mess for Hillary, but especially in Europe. Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Brexit: The transition period explained - BBC News - FiWEH Life -
David Barratt (ALR) ( ) 24/11/18, 07:54 EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
Peter this isn’t the brexit Deal you or any can support it’s a total sellout!!
No more Brexit we need an EU Exit
Absolute fucking state of this myopic xenophobe.
UK Parliament to cancel A50 and stop Brexit. May sound shocking to you but this how Parliamentary democracy works in Switzerland for example:
There was a massive propaganda effort that led to The brexit vote. So many incredible lies- see Farage and the NHS bus.
Theresa May Refuses Three Times To Rule Out Resigning If MPs Reject Her Brexit Deal
David Barratt (ALR) ( ) 24/11/18, 07:54 EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
Brexit is really shit
The talking heads discussing Brexit on BBC Radio 5 Live right now are some of the most stupid commentators I've heard on the subject, and that's saying something
But Nigel - Tommy Robinson (or whatever his name is) sings from the same hymn sheet as you and the rest of UKIP - it is entirely driven by xenophobia and fantasy view of the world and our place in it. Brexit is in jeopardy, because it makes everyone poorer, except the super rich
Theresa May says will return to Brussels on Saturday in bid to seal Brexit deal
She's got a bloody cheek.Are we "all in it together" again now?
Brexit. You just gotta believe…
David Barratt (ALR) ( ) 24/11/18, 07:54 EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK #Börse #derTrader.at #trading
Theresa May’s Brexit deal branded a ‘sell-out’ as it keeps UK tied to EU and ECJ until 2022 at the cost of £800m a month — on top of £39bn divorce bill
Pale Male &amp; stale and so out of touch with the reality of average Britons...Brexit: Jacob Rees-Mogg's ERG held a press conference and everyone made the same jok
Breaking News: #Brexit is Trending top 10 in Singapore :
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out via
That clause is Blair's pay off for suggesting the Good Friday Agreement as a way to stop Brexit. It stops him from facing war criminal charges if we ever get a Government with balls.
Not the #Brexit the Tufty Club paid for? #55TuftonStreet #DarkMoney #peoplesvote #BrexitChaos
But that's on tea time
Breaking, Spain says EU summit to be called off if no deal on Gibraltar
The Brexit that was promised is not the Brexit that will be delivered. Why can't folks get their head around that?
Send it back?? Whats wrong wiv wonky veg?? Hes just anuva theresa may brexit means brexit
I see the main nation wide anti Brexit party is back into single figures...
This WA is absolute rubbish and now May is threatening that or no Brexit. She’s unbelievable! She’s made the EU’s job easy. This won’t end well if she’s reneges on the promises she made in Lancaster House.
Mr Blobby is not the British Gritty. If Mr Blobby had the right to vote, he would almost certainly have voted for Brexit.
300 years after “The Catholic King of Spain does hereby, for himself, his heirs and successors, yield to the Crown of Great Britain the full and entire propriety of the town and...
Anti-Brexit Black Friday Pop-Up Shops Offer Londoners “Worst Deal Ever”
Why is everyone acting shocked and appalled about the nature of the deal? We were all told quite clearly in the referendum campaign that any deal involving the customs union or single market would end up like this
God I wish Portillo was still in government we need politicians like him
Absolutely bloody shameless!
And that would be brilliant, on both counts.
Can’t be arsed reading another Brexit story so tell me which Brextremist it’s about? Ken Clarke or Anna Soubry I assume.
Sleep &amp;amp; everyone has the whole point is a ton of the European Union #Brexit
Brexit: Back to basics guide about the UK leaving the EU
I agree! Hubby and I have only just joined UKIP and this news now has us wandering if we just wasted £60. How can Mr Batten not see that Brexit should be ’s only agenda at this time?
Events: How you can help the grassroots anti-Brexit campaigns including-protests-marches-and-socials-1-5464362?utm_source=Twitter&amp;utm_medium=Social_Icon&amp;utm_campaign=in_article_social_icons #PeoplesVote #VotesForLife
No fucking resign
Correct Pete. BBC will come up with wonderfully sounding reason why they don't invite you. Having said this I presume you have formally made them aware of your goodself, your credibility &amp; availability. If not, this will definitely be part of their reason. Apologies for asking.
I used to vote for the Tory. But now, with Teresa May's manoeuvre towards BREXIT? Who cares who is in the GOV.
Ok. Article 1. Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
What? You didn't notice all the racist fellow travellers when you signed up to support Brexit?
9th December - No to Tommy Robinson and No to Brexit - Parliament square. Be there
Northern Irish DUP says it could ditch May's government if Brexit deal passes
Interesting reading the comments and hearing brexiteers described as bigots. Then I am indeed a bigot. Forced to vote for leave because no one listened to my concerns and still many aren't listening. EU doesn't care about me and I don't care about it now#Brexit
Pale Male &amp; stale and so out of touch with the reality of average Britons... Brexit: Jacob Rees-Mogg's ERG held a press conference and everyone made the same joke
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK | Zero Hedge
Historic #Brexit summit: 10 key questions
The longer this shambles of a Brexit drags on, the more these empty words annoy me. Johnson managed to get people to gamble their futures on silly, nationalistic, vacuous blather. He's a fool who made fools of our neighbours. Thankfully, increasingly they see through it now.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions -
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions What is at stake at the EU summit on Br
Ta. I don't have a prob w Hillary's crit of Merkel's 2015 asylum policy (tho not really saying anything new), but to make it the driver for Brexit is a bit galaxy brain. There's been a split op on EU m'ship on/off for years. If u go back to 2011 polls show a leave majority.
How Brexit Britain lost friends and alienated people via This is a good article.
If you needed a reminder about the sort of babbling idiots that Corbyn and cronies really are....
There is a court case in front of the ECJ in the next 2 weeks which is ruling whether UK Parliament can halt Brexit on its own. If it rules that it can, the entire narrative will change, Labour for example will have nowhere to hide
#Brexit is for idiots
Majestic to stockpile £8m of extra wine to prepare for Brexit shortage
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Pound Slides As 'Gibraltar Issue' Threatens To Blow Up Brexit Talks Chief EU negotiator Michel Barnier told reporters that both the UK and EU are "working hard" on the compromise over Gibraltar after negotiators failed to finalize a deal during Friday morning meeting in Brussels
[Off-subject] Guess the famous actor who will play him in 'brexit' the film. Take a look at the article. [On subject] Didn't May give a billion to the DUP?
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions What is at stake at the EU summit on Br
Depends on what type of business, fund managers will be able to 'milk' turbulent markets. Dodgy private bank accounts will remain hidden, import only businesses will do well. All at the cost of manufacturing &amp; agriculture, not project fear but project Prof Pat 'pending' Minford.
Whilst British people are denied freedom of movement inside the #UK, to remove themselves from danger, others will not be permitted preferential #EU treatment. #BRexit saving lives #Europe #worldnews
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions What is at stake at the EU summit on Br
What will you be reporting on when Brexit will be obsolete one day ?
Do you know what really cheers me up, Ben? The fact that you voted to be locked on a small island with 43 million people who didn't vote for Brexit. That's right - you voted to remove their right to got to one of the 27 countries. Enjoy the whingeing.
THIS!!!! I've been saying this for DAYS!!! 27 guns held to our head whilst the clock ticks down to the indefinite customs union that we cannot leave without permission from the EU. Who in their right mind would sign up to anything so damn stupid
It will fly through Parliament easily. Brexit is the way to drag people,s attention from more important issues. Country is devided, and elites just getting richer &amp; richer. Read George Oruel "1984", it all been explained well in that book.
How Brexit Britain lost friends and alienated people via
EU nails down Theresa May and the UK in 26 page Post-Brexit Terms via
I have to say , credit where it's due. Challenging Remainers who are calling in is a refreshing change. Their arguments are melting away like an early morning frost. They are all blind rhetoric and when challenged, they stumble, fumble and stutter. #Brexit
How can Theresa May sell this terrible Brexit deal via
How is it possible as a nation we have become so devided over one single issue Brexit lets come together and embrace leaving think of it as going on holiday you know that holiday feeling of total joy and complete happiness! where shall we go! Gibraltar send the bill to Spain
Crossing the channel one is taken by some sense of relief. Europe does have serious problems but no one pretend #Brexit is one of them.
Carney injected billions into the System after the Brexit vote as the pound collapsed along with the markets Britain credit rate was downgraded too
PM issues knighthood ahead of crucial Brexit vote - FiWEH Life -
I don't like the Prime Minister's #BrexitAgreement yet it's vital for the result to be respected OR risk millions of the British Population reject the democratic process. #Newsnight #Brexit #PeoplesVote
this isn’t the brexit you came to to tell us about,the exciting times ahead you spoke of this is a betrayal!!
Reading this thread just before bed is not recommended, but do read it. :@
I believe this is what Brexit meant. Now it’s your turn: make it real and show them your values. Good luck!
My conclusions are: UK, you're getting fucked over and it's probably because of Brexit and ugh damn you US, everything always has to be cheaper with you e.g make up!!! P.S: I don't know if my totals are right but I converted the countries total -&gt; AUD currency
A keyboardist think tank published a report that loading machine operators will be 40% worse off per month as a result of blue Brexit.
Indeed! It's been v hard to get US reporting on US-Brexit connections as US media say it's complex and it doesn't 'feel' clearly like an American story... hard to get journalists to explain why America should care. That's why I was delighted 2c how did.
Asia markets: US-China trade war, Brexit, oil, currencies in focus
But this is exactly my point. The evidence I have is that 85% of voters voted for parties that said they would implement the ref result. If someone voted Labour and wanted to stop brexit, that is their own stupid fault. What evidence do you have?
I added a video to a playlist Brexit bargaining, the fall of Carlos Ghosn, anger over fuel hikes and
So Deborah based on the below and the 2017 manifesto promises of the Conservative and Labour Party to respect the referendum results it will be anti-democratic and unprincipled to Stop Brexit.
Just found out that the don’t think the Brexit withdrawal deal is actually very good according to emails sent to ITV. Is that true? Aren’t you supposed to be an independent voice for business?
And that would be the ultimate act of betrayal by the Labour leadership.....
The same forces that brought us Donald Trump and Brexit also may have been behind Climategate. There is a league of evil oil and gas billionaires (Putin included) who are out to get rich at any cost. It is against their interests to combat climate change.
Michelle: “Do not let this woman run this country. "I admire the very generous and compassionate approaches that were taken particularly by...
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions - BBC News
#Brexit: Brussels wants future deal to 'build on' existing #EU fishing rights
Spain Row Gives May Last-Minute Headache Before Brexit Summit
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Ffs is this not the most serious issue after brexit we have
I hope this deal is voted down! We did warn you brexit would be bad but you all Wanted some fake stiff that we never lost. We should have a vote! May's deal where we have no say or remain where we have a say.
If you’re a Translator in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists #hangthebitch
#Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
The people have spoken and the results are: 81% HoC cancel A50 we stay EU 18% New referendum 1% May imaginary deal HTH
That’s at least one solid plan.
But this charlatan negotiated the deal ...??? #itvnews #channel4news #c4news #bbcpapers #skypapers #bbcqt #r4today #marr #bbcaq #BBCR4today #Newsnight #bbcdp #bbcsp #GMB #PoliticsLive #bbcaq #ITN #bbcpm
Yup something with a backbone and rightside of center
#Brexit deal a double disaster for Northern Ireland unionists — first the deal itself, second?
Make sure you have your facts first what more do you want out of the EU we have asked for them to give us a easy term out so they went okay here’s what we are offering to let you leave and so they have yet you want us to have a no deal brexit is that what your saying?
Do you think any Labour MPs will vote with Theresa May on her Brexit agreement?
We must stop Gerard Batten turning Brexit into a plaything of the far Right ' | via
I want my fantasy brexit and I want it now!
Who knows, in 300 years maybe Brexit will be tame and cuddly too.
And if repeated opinion polls show a majority wanting either a second referendum or an end to Brexit, then surely that provides a sufficient democratic mandate for a second referendum, if one is needed?
I don't like the Prime Minister's #BrexitAgreement yet it's vital for the result to be respected OR risk millions of the British Population reject the democratic process. #Newsnight #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
My prediction. May's deal will be voted down which will lead to her resignation. Leadership race to be won by another remainer who will promise the house a vote on a "No deal" scenario. This will also be voted down and we end up remaining as is. Civil unrest will ensue.. #brexit
Trump used NATO as a baseball bat to beat EU and we have these naval gazers validating him. The unfair characterisations of Europe are the reason brexit came. Seems commentators nowadays don't want to tell the truth to their listeners so we all get swept along like lemmings
The end of "Great" Britain is nigh.
interesting..... ...
For the purposes of accuracy how do you know the non voters were not supporters of Brexit but simply didn’t vote. If you’re going to correct someone on accuracy, be accurate.
Yes you right. Brexit based on things which leaded us to first world war. Xenophobia, nationalism, stupidity, hate.
I saw a comment from someone who is keeping a spreadsheet of all those who have let Brexit down badly and it will be rolled out as a reminder at the next GE. It will be silly to think that the electorate would have forgotten their duplicity by next GE. They won't have !!
Juncker is permanently sloshed. Brexit must the perfect excuse for him.
Well,well,well... #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #Brexit
You know, I may be against Brexit but this sort of attitude is just shameful. Brexit, when push comes to shove, is politicians doing what voters decided. You won't see that in Brussels. Maybe you should include a section bobbing on your knees.
The #Brexit road to #Britain's collapse
Worthy of . Reality finally surpasses satire.
Then we have exactly the same divisions we currently have, but without the multitude of other problems that Brexit causes. To me that’s an obviously better situation.
Surely as an MP you must know that Raab had nothing to do with the negotiations. Are you that obtuse or are you being disingenuous?
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK #Money #Finance #Economics #Market
And they are getting very fed up with the British antics in the EU countries. Those countries which have been trading partners of Britain for decades. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Coming to the side of a bus near you! #Brexit
Media's War on JeremyCorbyn, fake Labour 'anti - Semitism Crisis', &amp; Brexit w) Kerry-Anne Mendoza (TheCanary) ModerateRebels 02/02
I have seen lots of tweets from Deborah in the past few weeks appearing to moan about Brexit and not accept the result.
40 reasons to back the Brexit Deal
The Brexit deal explained in full without Tory spin .
When Service Industries account for 80% of the UK economy and Fishing for only 0.1%, how is it that so much of the Brexit agenda is set by the latter? Isn't it like worrying about your nail varnish when your arm's about to get ripped off? via
You clearly never read #IndyRef #ScotlandsFuture (the “White Paper”) where the likelihood of a #EURef was highlighted as being something possibly likely to arise for Scots Remaining in UK (NOT voting #IndyRef YES shld YES prevail) YES vote = no UK &amp; no EU. #SNP18 #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Foster to reaffirm opposition to backstop at conference
Government in tatters over Brexit
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Before I moved to Leics, my MP was Steve Barclay, so I was one of the very few people who'd actually heard of him when he was appointed Brexit Secretary last week! Bad luck for me, that I've only ever had Tory MPs. Maybe I need to move again.
Jeremy will do what ever it takes. Then we will be sorry.
...she's shown them all it can be done! Do check out the article itself on Bannon/Brexit/US funding here: it draws on my academic research and fake news inquiry submission.
Hopefully, this one act will turn the momentum tide against her, and the 80 or so Brexiteers will finally be able to remove this corrupt woman. A Remainer, pretending to deliver "Brexit" , whilst probably secretly scheming with the EU towards "No Brexit".
Fuck off , your divisive rhetoric is not helpful to the Pro EU cause. People like you would rather see Comrade in power than stop Brexit.
Never trust a Tory.
In today's #migration #brexit #frontpages #DailyNews #MeghanMarkle #extremism
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
Expect lots of volatility either way! Deal or no deal: Brexit hopes, fears and money-making strategies
Brexit an expert view.. or you can watch Mogg and co on the BBC
Who has the biggest brexit balls?
Go to the great brexit betrayal march on December 9th and you will find out what he thinks.
Watching this again, and Caroline Noakes is detestable.
EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News ... via
Since the referendum it's become increasingly clear that Brexit, far from being democratic, is a stain on democracy, as was Iraq, and in the US, the McCarthy era &amp; Trump. Yet May pretends it's not so, as if repeating the lie over &amp; over will make it true. There is no right Brexit
Agreed. Since Brexit, they have attacked the Scottish brand &amp; some union supporting companies, Tesco etc are putting union jacks on Scottish produce. Makes you wonder just what is going to happen.
Time running out for Labour to put progressive, inclusive views forward on Brexit shambles i.e . Voters won't forgive Corbyn for sitting on hands &amp; shallow outbursts from Dianne Abbott. Labour's vote = majority REMAIN. #tobyperkinsmp #LouHaigh #PaulBlomfieldMP
They haven’t finished yet...I thought THEY said negotiations were over...typical of the EU..over for us, but not for them!
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
I continue to struggle to understand the rationale to reject a decision that has so much potential
Who votes for what will be a matter of public record soon enough. Westminster is a big glass house and there are plenty of stones to throw.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Given that is a proven liar, suppressing evidence vital in the #aaronbanks investigation, why is still citing her as supposedly reliable public commentator. Can we have standards in public discourse, please?
New post (Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK) has been published on open mind news -
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
But they do make a difference!! Please listen. Lib dems and Greens always talk about their total vote share. If remainers in safe seats had voted for them, you would have helped the stop brexit parties in making their case.
Your nothing more than a participant in the Brexit economy. Making media money from the ridiculous Brexit. Selling your children’s future for short term popularity. You should be ashamed.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day You definitely won't enjoy the #BrexitShambles but you should read and enjoy this biting commentary. Thanks so much #PeoplesVote #InformedConsent
BBC host in HEATED debate with Alastair Campbell as he outlines plans to THWART #Brexit: - BBC… #News #Politics
See also: CA prop 13 (not as bad as Brexit, but still)
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK
Don't let the door hit you as the removal van leaves No 10?Theresa May refuses three times to rule out resigning if MPs reject her Brexit deal
This is the biggest load of bullshit since my ex husband vowed to stop shagging my pals.
It is bloody obvious that every Brexit deal is worse than the deal we have now. That is the unavoidable result of BREXIT. To turn this around we need a #PeoplesVoteNow
Can you ACTUALLY believe on the Budget votes Corbyn and others wandered off instead of voting. As the DUP voted against the gov this would have initiated a parliamentary vote of no confidence. What an absolute donkey, she could’ve been out by now after a GE! #brexit close call
Theresa May is clearly under pressure from then #EU to permit freedom of movement inside the UK and yet she is still entrapping the victims of the #UKgenocide whom she robs and terrorises to death. #BRexit #UK #worldnews
And Vladimir is simply tickled pink.
Brexit Thay should All go Back to The Drawing Board Stephen
Well I’ve explained trade post brexshit to a private sector trade bloke and a couple of staffers this eve - one of which is a priv sec and literally all conceded. Thanks to my uni law professor who changed my life. I am drunk and emotional. Brexit is a load of shite
Stop it. Stop that nonsense now. You know that there is no possibility of a proper Brexit without killing the UK with a No Deal. Kills the Union although not many will cry about that. Small independent countries are doing very well in their membership with the EU.
Actually all we HAVE to do is say "we respect the result of the referendum and will look into how it might be possible to leave to our benefit and if it is, we'll do it". I'd even create a dedicated brexit plan ministry welcoming all to pitch ideas. But no article 50 without plan
#OIL #OOTT #WTI #Trump's trade talk with #China in #G20 and #Brexit summit this coming weekend may give the embattled markets a respite.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Spain accuses UK of treachery over Gibraltar Brexit deal
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
May's WA deal is deliberately designed to be the halfway house between no-deal and remain; to further divide an already divided country. I fear a no-deal brexit. Really. But I know in my bones we have to take this to the wire. If we go down, let's go down with a fight.
Facts are trivial to you? They're very important to me, facts and truth are the most important things. Did you buy into the Brexit bus lie about the NHS millions yet don't mind at all because it doesn't matter if it was the truth or a lie?
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
‘Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto
Theresa May refuses 3 times to deny she'll resign over Brexit
Irish treaty of 1921 and Brexit have some things in common....
I’ve read it too - it is a Brexit and beats Remaining. Let’s get out and get on with it.
We don’t hear him harping on about German Car Manufacturers any more do we ?
See my tweet from a year and one day ago :D
Fuck brexit
Well then, let's do it! If there's nothing to lose, why wait? All the praise for Brexit achievements will be ours, and also all the blame for the catastrophes we'll have caused. Neither May nor N-Ireland nor the EU nor Spain will be at fault then. All ours! #PeoplesVote now (y)
She should have a nose longer than Pinocchio. She constantly lies.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions #NEWS
BBC Radio 5 live = Brexit Central tonight.
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal it's rubbish
Gaps remain over Gibraltar before Brexit summit
Brexit dividend
My constituency, went to Labour in last GE. Quite a good candidate actually who spoke out about Devonport and the all to common theme of Plymouth being sold out by sitting govt. Labour or tory. If May betrays Brexit, I'll be voting for the Labour candidate. So will many
No, he has had nothing to do with the negotiations. The DExEU was only about making preparations for Brexit must know this but it suits his narrative.
Breaking: Spain says EU summit to be called off if no deal on Gibraltar
Anti-Brexit Black Friday Pop-Up Shops Offer Londoners "Worst Deal Ever"
Choose your news source.
Judging by that bio, I'm absolutely astonished you support the EU. It stands for everything you appear to be against. How many black people are inside any of the senior jobs in the EU? And I mean, from MEP upwards?
Theresa May's all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt - BRIBE your way out via
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
“The man who was Brexit secretary until 10 minutes ago now reckons the Brexit deal is worse than staying in the EU.Yes,mate.The great spectacle of the past two and a half years has been watching allegedly very clever people realise this incredibly slowly.”
Former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab said Theresa May’s deal was ‘worse’ than staying in EU
"Meanwhile, Brexit continues to take back control of language. I very much enjoyed Dominic Raab talking about a “negotiated no-deal” on Friday, which does seem to be the moron’s oxymoron. " Marina Hyde
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
"Close to 18 million people in Britain voted for Brexit. Nearly a third of the electorate are now being told that their vote didn’t count. That we should vote again, because we got the answer wrong."
Please do. I’ll give you Scotland if you veto Brexit
The Conservative party want Brexit because of the opportunity for disaster capitalism. The Labour party fancy Brexit because of the opportunity for disaster Socialism. I just want to see a solution that doesn't revolve around disaster, give us boring and sensible please.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions || || || #Europe
Arron is concentrating on staying out of jail right now. He is far too busy for this Brexit shit.
Never thought I'd hear it. Some common sense at last.
The race to avoid a Lehman moment for bankers after Brexit via
A Government who promised to respect the result of the EU referendum who are are now conspiring to do the opposite by using underhand tactics and outright lies to overturn that choice. Our elected Gov and those (most) who we voted for will never set foot in power again. #Brexit
so your saying to me that you’d rather have a hard brexit instead of a soft brexit and let’s be honest #PeoplesVote was for Brexit to happen and we wanted an easy deal and the EU have given us there word so what more do you want !
The party you have bias for is your problem. If &amp; ' pointless non-stop tweets and inter-retweets are clouding your feed, do as I did. Mute or block them all. Get a life! There are tweets other than the 'fixed' Brexit. Follow for facts
"Spain does not have a formal veto over the 585-page withdrawal agreement and the accompanying political declaration on the future relationship, but the EU would be unlikely to go ahead without its support."
As quite a few said
the brexit outlook
We're strapped on the surgery table, unable to move Great piece on May's brexit agreement by
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brexit vote
Raw Politics: Brexit breakthrough, Aquarius migrant ship, Irish FM
Market forces? Brexit? You decide. For me it’s the former. Let’s not hide behind Brexit.
She Is so flipping arrogant .....Its my way or you won't get Brexit at all.
Brexit Hard #MakeAFilmCheap
Why isn’t there a Secretary of State for England? Because they think Scotland,Wales and the North of Ireland are just colonies
The British were correct in choosing #Brexit. The EU is a failed idea. Dear Britons, just leave. No negotiation, no deal, just leave. The EU will be begging you for terms, in April.
Theresa May is clearly under pressure from then #EU to permit freedom of movement inside the UK and yet she is still entrapping millions of British victims of her #UKgenocide whom she robs and terrorises to death. #BRexit #UK #worldnews
Will Brexit lead to the eventual break-up of the United Kingdom?
Exactly why we need no brexit. Cancel A50.
Not just finely-tuned notes from the mouth of a superb ambassador for British music + musicianship who grew from a music education that your govt, , is decimating, and whose invaluable artistry, + that of so many of our #LowSkilled colleagues, is threatened by #Brexit
Former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab said Theresa May’s deal was ‘worse’ than staying in EU
This Irishman does not believe the United kingdom is ready for Brexit
Bribery and corruption.....
Spain: Sunday's EU summit on Brexit could be called off over Gibraltar
Nobody's more passionate about the Brexit issue than me, but I'd never sink to the level of lying for the cause, and especially not making up pathetic little stories about members of the other side telling me they've seen the error of their ways. That's incredibly sad behaviour.
Former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab said Theresa May’s deal was ‘worse’ than staying in EU
Do you want trade or control? The extent to which you give up one allows you more of the other. But even now, as we lose our status in the world, it is just as unresolved as it ever was. We don't know where the hell we're going. on May's Brexit
Another article well worth reading from Ms Hyde #PeoplesVote #ToriesOUT
And also the May deal does not respect the views of the people who voted to leave because they want a hard Brexit. On that basis it does not even reflect the people’s will and so there is no argument for it at all. #PeoplesVote
Has anyone really considered that this arch-Remainer's plan all along, was to offer a plan so shitty, that the recently introduced "No Brexit" 'option' suddenly looks a lot more appealing? Even Brexiteer's admit that remaining would be better than this shitfest of a 'deal'
Cliff edge bollox from Stephen
Here's Mr Brexit on RT again, telling Scots that we'll jolly well take what's given to us by our masters in Westminster and like it. George's support for freedom is selective at best.
They’re very rich and very determined. But we can stop them.
I still don't understand what Leave means Leave means, can anyone help me out on this one? #BREXIT #LBC
Nigel Farage wants UKIP to shun Tommy Robinson. Apropos of nothing...
have respected their mandates with political and people support. are like headless chickens scared of the fox. is a political terrorist in ermine
Time to grow up. That’s politics. Only 1/3 votes for the government and we live with it. TM is a remainer negotiating Brexit. Go figure how that works! The EU has TM exactly where she wants to be!
Leavers provide no detailed vision or answers, remainers can’t explain why the EU is so great, Theresa May’s deal plays on the fears of both - a 2nd referendum or WTO Rules #2ndReferendumVsNoDeal #brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitReady #BrexitShambles #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitAgreement
..write to their MP demanding, 1. wrong-doing in referendum be investigated. 2. referendum result is set aside - null + void. 3. Parliament recognises how Brexit is incalculably more complex than was previously realised w/ has no chance of 'success'; rescind Article 50: No Brexit
This is the result of Brexit!
Theresa May says will return to Brussels on Saturday in bid to seal Brexit deal
Alternatively. Editor: Some people are saying Britpop led to Brexit. Can you write about it. Me: It didn't, and I am happy to write that it didn't. At least read the article before you decide what it says.
Bilderberg fascists run the show. Amber Rudd went to Turin meeting....clearly went to her head. What deal was made? Why is Rory acting as chief snake oil salesman and is it something to do with only attending B'berg meeting once. Mark Reckless asked why in 2013 Meacher debate.
Selling his country out...? #BrexitBetrayal
I hope the 30 pieces these rollouts get are worth it as they won't have a job soon
Maybe given the DUP history of hard religiously motivated negotiation in the crucible of sectarian violent NI Politics they would have been a far better bet for negotiating Brexit than the shower of Remainer shit that we sent to Brussels.
Spain’s Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez warned Friday there would “very probably” be no summit to approve Britain’s exit from the European Union on Sunday if the thorny issue of Gibraltar is not first resolved.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions -
CBI Brexit Deal Doubts! via
Time until BREXIT is 125 days, 21 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
"Rowan Gormley, the Majestic chief executive, said: 'We feel highly confident that no one will miss their Sunday lunch tipple as a result of #Brexit.'" #vino #wine
There are 3010 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 3010 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexshit silence
#TheresaMay to embark on #Brexit tour amid 'gongs for votes' row
A plump brexit is in jeopardy! We cannot allow a direct brexit to take place!
Brexit is 3022 hours away. #brexit
Theresa May says will return to Brussels on Saturday in bid to seal Brexit deal
#BREXIT meets #BLEXIT. Nice handshake across the pond.
Condensed version: Former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab said he would like to remain in the EU
May's administration has been defined by a relentless attempt to conceal the reality of Brexit from public and parliament, so she can survive another day, another week, another month. It is such a shabby, tawdry spectacle. on May's Brexit
Theresa May is clearly under pressure from then #EU to permit freedom of movement inside the UK and yet she is still entrapping millions of British victims of her #UKgenocide whom she robs and terrorises to death. Theresa May is a CRIMINAL. #BRexit #UK #worldnews
I'd be more impressed if he followed the wishes of his party and came out against Brexit and all it entailed!
Tom Richmond: #Brexit obsession is flaw of the Jacob Rees-Mogg duds’ #Army
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third
NO NO NO...............'Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
She can feck off looking more and more like Hitler
Spain bars Theresa May’s way to Brussels Brexit deal
Apparently, he sought a German passport once the #Brexit vote took place...they said "Nine!"
When Sinn Fein/IRA support the Tories with this appalling deal then you know it's a bad deal #Brexit
Have your cake (exclusive fishing rights in UK water) and eat it (continued free trade with the countries you have removed quotas from). UK fisherman not prepared to sell fish cheaply to UK citizens.
Some #BrExit matters, seen more clearly, by my auntie , reported in msm media in UK. #Cultural #Security #Conditions #Values #Economy #Government
On a holiday about illegal immigration you also said we must become fascists to stop refugees.
You kip. Continue napping tinplate caesar.
Theresa May to sign Brexit deal while party is deeply divided. Never mind the UK as usual its all about the Tories....
Isn't it time to explain to the public the truth about Brexit ? Will you be complicit in harming the UK?
Why are we not getting the Brexit we voted for? We voted to leave, completely. We is democracy not being upheld?
Hillary impressed her target audience
Brexit springs to mind......
May is very deceitful with her ever changing position. I wouldn’t trust her to run a bath. I know she has no majority in the HoC but she snapped my patience ages ago. #Brexit
Sigh. When is Bob Mueller going to come and take Nigel away?
Missed this. Deploying the army to do WHAT? Stack Chemists' shops...or lock down dissent?
May under pressure from fishing communities over Brexit deal – ‘She's an idiot or a liar'
It's my favorite #Brexit argument: Let's treat EU citizens like crap so we can treat migrants from other countries "better" (even though no one has stopped us so far from treating non-EU migrants better). Let me tell you: You voted to end your very own free movement. #SmartMove
Inspired by Scotland, Catalonia and especially Brexit, some in California want to go it alone
I can imagine that this is what goes on at the Westminster when the cabinet get together regarding brexit
Circular reference :- see Reference, circular. Brexit :- UK Exit of the European Union. UK Exit of the European Union :- see Brexit. Memory Limit Exceeded, Stack Overflow! Brexit &lt;= means =&gt; Brexit. Cannot assign to variable Brexit. HAL 9000: Good morning, Dave.
More reasons why no deal is no go from The Economist #Brexit
Yes it is. And yet in all this time no-one was banging on theresa may's door (or screaming on YouTube for that matter) with an explanation of how to get a better one. This is what makes it so clear that Brexit just cannot be done to our benefit.
it couldn't happen to a nicer man
My kids schoolfriends were crushed by the result. They couldn't vote. So, I'm applying for their Irish passports. Friends tried in vain to combat the disinformation on SM we now know was an outright assault. And #BREXIT's destructive path hasn't even started!
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Now this is quite worrying... An official ‘Brexit Facts’ government site, responding to honest journalism with misguidings and language to confuse... #StopBrexit
Former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab mentioned Theresa Could’s deal was ‘worse’ than staying in EU |
No you won’t. You might veto this shitey agreement but we’re leaving. The UN support self-determination, and the people of Gibraltar want to be British
#TheresaMay accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence #Guilty! #ToriesOut!
At last politician telling the truth. Im sure he could deliver a meaningful #Brexit. Hes a tough person ready to smash the #Macron/#Merkel axis of evil. We must be willing to walk away with no deal - taking our £39bn with us via
Grayling's fantasy Brexit plan would make trade deals impossible
Despite your emotive tweet, the debate is now much more evidence-based. People understand the dynamics much better now, as well as the personalities involved. Just as the architects of Brexit have disappeared, so will the pipedream itself.
Lie after lie after lie... and we are not putting up with it. #PeoplesVote
And if Theresa May were not a criminal, I would be in prison. But I have MOUNTAINS of evidence to PROVE, Theresa May is a criminal and a killer. #BRexit #UK #worldnews
Ihave you read the full brexit document Matt ? Or anybody?
UKIP, back to the gutter. Unelectable trash who'll inadvertently split the Brexit electorate.
The UK establishment thinks that Leave voters are all ignorant non-PC racists. This is completely untrue. Most #Brexit voters well understood the need to regain control of our national affairs. Immigration &amp; borders is only one aspect of this. takes people for fools.
Typical of a leftist EU surrender monkey !
Why are we not getting the Brexit we voted for? We voted to leave, completely. Why is democracy not being upheld?
If you’re a Graphic Designer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
I cannot agree more! #mustread Ps so how do we the #ReImagine the nightmare of #Brexit #Trump #Farage #Bannon
what's the deal?
I'm confused about Brexit? What comes next for the UK? — unfortunately i’m the wrong person for this question
If you cheated to win the race your horse would have been disqualified and you would be looking for a solicitor. It's just a matter of time.
What a total pile of dingbat crap from - you can do everything listed without destroying the country first. We will never forget your part in #Brexshit
Absolutely #PeoplesVote #FinalSay and No #Brexit
Spain &amp; France r insisting on Fishing in our waters as price of WA then FTA. With FTA we will need EU26 in its entirety to achieve Full FTA, in meantime we'll be stuck in EU with no say. Only escape is via Managed No Deal. May would have to cede Fishing &amp; we're about to sign up!!
"All around our former dominions, people are shrieking with laughter as they say: “Isn’t it terrible what they’re doing to themselves?” - I admit I laughed aloud column
Cairns walking up Downing St today in the news. I thought Mr Bean would make a better job of it.
Brexit
Hang him.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions - BBC News US. In UK parliament, May's document "loathed by Leavers and Remainers alike".
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists That’s funny.. Your reason for not wanting immigration years ago is because you didn’t want a bunch of free loaders. U &amp; Bill and Pelosi, Reid and Obama all said NO ILLEGALS WANTED
Since many asked about the brexit comment.
Concur. Unless #Trump45 leverages it to a clean #Brexit immediately, let loose the dogs of declassification.
People who voted #Brexit thought we only traded with Europe. #Samsung #harleydavidson #Sony #CornedBeef #Cocoa #Tea #Coffee. Fucking Idiots
Old confused angry people, morons and xenophobes alike will revel in this utter, utter shit show. Just so fistsuckingly stupid and pointless.
‘Jobs, futures &amp; children’ May urges rebels to back Brexit deal as Spain threatens to veto
My Polish workmate is moving back so his son can get a better education,nothing to do with Brexit!
Brexit Ralph
I'm also not quite sure about how allowed it was for LeaveEU-funded Brexit the Movie to provide services to Vote Leave like, well, the movie, or flyers to distribute? Was it officially part of the spending? Could VL use material at least partially funded by the other campaign?
David Jones Follows you I am a passionate Brexit supporter. I like Europe but dislike the EU. I want the UK to be a free sovereign nation. Pro UK, Pro USA I follow back
Re-brexit catastrophe: "As one Tory put it, “this is how Vote Leave would have looked without Dominic Cummings ”." Agreed.
dude I missed you talking about Brexit :(
#ConservativeParty Anyone reading the ‘BrExit Deal’ would assume we’d just lost a major war!’ #brexit
See you say people vote.....then you say stop Brexit......that doesn’t work.
It's good that someone is planning for the real crises.
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists - stamp on the #FarRight - never feed it.
Theresa May defends planned Brexit deal - BBC News
I agree with you there is only now a clearer view of all the implications of Brexit. Although it’s not clear because we only have a withdrawal agreement &amp; a short political agreement as to our potentialrelationship.Aspirations without certainty don’t cut it. # PeoplesVote #Remain
Spanish prime minister warns Brexit summit to be called off if there's no Gibraltar deal - Watters
Cueta anyone?? Ps I hate Brexit
And if Theresa May were not a criminal, I would be in prison. But I have MOUNTAINS of evidence to PROVE, Theresa May is a criminal and a killer (as do MANY others). #UKgenocide Prevention #BRexit #UK #worldnews
Shocked as I am to say it, there does appear to be an establishment conspiracy against Brexit via
"Explained." As if the only reason for objecting is that we're too stupid to understand it. Fortunately, I'm not so stupid that I can't bugger off and take my business with me.
Can't listen to BBC Today for more than 10 minutes, these days before I have to switch to BBC 3. How many more hours of Brexit opinions can an audience take? BBC need 2 channels; 24hr live Brexit and 24hr live 'I'm a celebrity...' they have no actual news channel.
Even though she claims differently. Somehow. Beyond comprehension and belief.
The wealthy elites - both pro and anti Brexit - can reside in foreign nations and protect investments in foreign accounts ... both sides are insincere ... either way the UK is in a mess ... foreign take overs and workers making money for international competitors
Brilliantly said Kate! That’s what 17.4 million people voted for! On the ballot paper it said, leave or remain, 17.4 million people voted to leave. Leave means leave,
I suppose you support Brexit also?
Several Lab MPs are considering voting for it or abstaining. Anti Corbyn ones amongst them! There’s even one LD. The DUP will support it if their votes are really needed. They know Brexit may fail otherwise!
With all the interference going on why is the brexit vote still seen as legitimate?
UK PM Theresa May could face leadership challenge as MPs revolt over Brexit
Brexit deal a double disaster for Northern Ireland unionists — first the deal itself, second the muted opposition to it
#brexit vote had *realky* nothing to do with immigration...
Hi, Margot - thnks for yr recent RT ( of my RT ) . . . We met , briefly , at Northants #BREXIT meeting just b4 the ref in June '16 ! ( You, Brendan Chilton et al. )
Brexit Tweets you say?
Brexit deal a double disaster for Northern Ireland unionists — first the deal itself, second the muted opposition to it
Mhmm. The entire Brexit thing and his politicians being twats has really riled him up. Like...he’s slightly reverted back to his punk rock 70’s self.
Theresa May says will return to Brussels on Saturday in bid to seal Brexit deal
I agree with you, and by this logic, since there never was any such thing as a "good" #Brexit, it should never have been put to the people in the first place. Just cancel the opinion poll.
What being the spearhead for Brexit he forced the Torys to have a referendum by stealing Tory and Labour voters Achieved Brexit with other key people What other politician has achieved that or done what they said they would do
NINE is their favorite number ?? :_))
EU leaders set to adopt Brexit withdrawal treaty via
Spain threatens to vote against Brexit deal over Gibraltar
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
New: Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
I am genuinely astonished that so many people are so stupid that they looked at an article that says, unequivocally, that Britpop did not cause Brexit and decided it actually says that Britpop caused Brexit.
One of the best tackles I’ve ever seen. Hard brexit written all over it.
To the fishing communities of Scotland. Note well this. The SNP would have you tied to EU dictated fishing quotas for ever. Yes, for ever. The EU would continue to own Scottish fishing grounds as it does now. That is official #SNP policy. #Brexit
Wallowing in her own filth.
How can a WTO Brexit do us any harm? Only about 10% of our businesses trade with the EU but all must follow EU rules. We will save £40 billion and have no pointless transition period. Sorted.
Instead of just concentrating on bloody Brexit, get fibre optic broadband put in for everyone NOT JUST FOR COUNCIL BUILDINGS.
BREXIT DEAL IS EVEN WORSE THAN I THOUGHT. via
You never produced any real evidence that any of this *was* possible. Only reams of toilet paper from the ERG and Economist(s) for Free Trade with easily dismantled comedy nonsense printed on it, and endless begging to "really believe in the Brexit fairies".
If I die, Brexit did it.
BBCNEWS 5:03pm BREXIT SUMMIT BUILD UP. Pedro Sanchez suggests summit could be postponed BREXIT SUMMIT BUILD UP. Spain wanrs a say in...
Read this thread and scream.
Have we won Brexit yet? #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Be even better off under WTO Brexit! It's May's deal that is the problem? Really is potentially the worst deal in history.
Very interesting
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brexit vote
Let's see, Tories divided between fanciful fanatics &amp; quavering jellyfish too scared to point out BREXIT CAN'T WORK vs. Labour led by a guy in a Stalin cap who pals around with antisemites &amp; unreformed Ché wannabes. This really should be Liberals moment.
She is flippin unusual that lady.
Theresa May doesn’t have the numbers to get her deal through Parliament. Nearly 100 Conservative MPs and the 10 DUP MPs have said they’re going to be voting against it *radio show ends* #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
The NHS could suffer. There could be a shortage of medicinal supplies in the event of a no deal brexit
Jimmy thank you sir and happy holidays during brexit hostilities
On who 85% voted for is beyond debate, the assumption that 85% approved implementation of ref result is not. As I said I did not vote Labour as Brexit and Corbyn would in my opinion be a lethal mix, I therefore regrettably voted Tory. If you genuinely believe that 85% of 1/2
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Its a sobering moment to step back from the Brexit/Trump chaos for a moment to fully appreciate the destination we seem to have arrived at; abject truth in political discourse is dead, forever. This is a brave new Orwellian world we're at the gates of #Brexit #Trump #PeoplesVote
Spain bars May's way to #Brussels #Brexit deal
82% by circulation of the press are pro Brexit. Some for decades!
So you’ve got evidence? Bet it’s not and it’s low educated pro brexit eejits who think they’ve been sold out. In other words - your side
Brexit nightmares: The red tape reality of rules-of-origin
We’re all baffled by Theresa May’s Brexit battle. This is how nine experts think it’ll all end
Your very wrong here sir. You sound like the remainers project fear, the opposite will be proved with time of course. Because tommy and Gerrard are legends outside of that msm PC Bubble you now live in. December 9th brexit betrayal march you should be on stage with them.
We’re all baffled by Theresa May’s Brexit battle. This is how nine experts think it’ll all end
As a Labour member and loyal voter, Diane Abbott does not represent me in any way. She does not represent the majority of Labour voters or members. Brexit is an utter catastrophe for the British working class. I find it incomprehensible that any socialist would support Brexit.
Defo Leave
Shameless #Brexit sidling by a liberal paper? Or does Denbies really make a jolly good bubbly? Last time i tried it was alright but not ‘which best’. English sparkling wine tops Which? taste test of non-champagne fizz
VERY TRUE, but he did PISSOFF straight away and leave the PUBLIC HE NEEDED to get him there RIGHT IN THE DARK ???
this bitch needs to go
We’re all baffled by Theresa May’s Brexit battle. This is how nine experts think it’ll all end
Basically people who should know better have been weasel wording their way around Brexit for fear of falling out of favour with the objects their political prejudices. Another manifestation of Britain's attachment to tribal politics rather than ethical policy.
UKIP are nothing but a protest party Farage, &amp; you are the grease in the machine despite your heroic self image of an establishment buster.That cretin Robinson or whatever its ego calls itself today is your bastard son. Best YOU pay child maintenance, your problem not ours.
Ironic really seeing most MPs agreed and voted for the Brexit vote to happen now they have gone back on their own vote They should resign
you are a courageous man Tommy Robinson. it's not about racism, it's about rapists. isn't it something that rapists and pedo's in the Catholic church are an outrage (and IT IS) BUT there is supposed to a muzzle on the mouth when it comes to cleaning up the Muslim faith
BBCNEWS 5:04pm CHINA CONSULATE ATTACK. China undeterred over investment in Karachi BREXIT SUMMIT BUILD UP. UK and EU 27 to meet in...
The Brexit Blues - I owe a beer to the creator of this masterpiece
It takes an unknown Irish academic to explain Brexit in the clearest terms I have heard so far.
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK
We’re all baffled by Theresa May’s Brexit battle. This is how nine experts think it’ll all end
If it weren't for brexit bs, UK would most likely be a part of this too, having already pledged to phase out coal power and a European leader on renewables. A shame for the whole world that UK is preoccupied with such madness at a time when the world needs its diplomatic clout
Do predict those clowns in office will still cough 39 billion quid, in the event of a 'no deal' Brexit?
We’re all baffled by Theresa May’s Brexit battle. This is how nine experts think it’ll all end
Theresa May: Cabinet has backed draft Brexit plan - BBC News
We’re all baffled by Theresa May’s Brexit battle. This is how nine experts think it’ll all end
Think Samson in.the temple.
We’re all baffled by Theresa May’s Brexit battle. This is how nine experts think it’ll all end
We’re all baffled by Theresa May’s Brexit battle. This is how nine experts think it’ll all end
#Brexit: Foster to reaffirm opposition to backstop at conference
i didn't get a vote. I just pay taxes. If brexit is so wonderful, what are you scared of? "You can fool some people sometimes, but you can't fool all the people all the time"
It means NO! It was a bit much, taking the #EU money (lots of it), outraged when asked to account for how he spent his expenses, championed the #Brexit cause and then sought to jump the UK ship ....
Ignore Corbyn? And the two recent Brexit secretaries? And the recent Foreign Secretary? And the party that are in a confidence and supply deal with the government? And a majority of Tory MPs? You keep telling yourself it's only Corbyn if it makes you feel better.
As always, should a ‘no-deal’ Brexit option facilitate further Marina Hyde columns then - please - let me know where I need to sign.
The one thing that May has be crystal clear about -the only thing - is her objections to immigration. It has always struck me that this is her red line issue - the only reason for her single minded pursuit of Brexit. It's what she means when saying 'better off in a different way'
Get your head out of your arse Jock. May, a Remainer, screwed up Brexit by keeping us tied to the EU. It was deliberate sabotage of Brexit.
May under pressure from fishing communities over Brexit deal – ‘She's an idiot or a liar'
Re-brexit catastrophe: "As one Tory put it, “this is how Vote Leave would have looked without Dominic Cummings ”." Agreed. Shame they won't listen to him about science.
I’d like to think that anyone posing such a question, and then encouraging bias in an answer, would be able to discern the difference between ‘least’ and ‘fewest’. However, as the lines are so blurred, where does Brexit fall within your poll, and where do you stand?
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
DUP's Foster warns risk to Tory deal if Brexit agreement passes in Parliament via
BBC News - Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster
Anti-Brexit activist gets COMEUPPANCE as Brexiteers start protesting behind him
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK
#Spain bars #May's way to Brussels #Brexit deal
Sorry isn’t that the Lib dem’s? Currently polling at 7% and guess where a pro-BREXIT party such as UKIP... drum roll 8% ... Libdem hardly ‘walking it’
UK is drifting lazily towards the maelstrom of hard Brexit
Yes, it is numb nuts. Elections happen every 5 years. As people, views... change over time. Brexit is lost. Deal with it.
'A transition period which begins the same day Britain leaves and lasts until 31 December 2020, although it could be extended to the end of 2022.' If the UK hasn't negotiated a new relationship with the EU by the end of the transition it will stay in the bloc's customs union.
A favourite slogan of the #SNP is; "Its Scotland's Oil". Notice they don't have a similar slogan for Scotland's fish? #CFP #EUQuotas #Brexit
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
Brexit deal: Tories days are NUMBERED – IDS accuses May of 'breaking agreed position'
Plenty of material in this propaganda piece for a rebuttal video
The panic is as much because they've got used to thinking of things in a particular way and are being pushed to change that. It should be clear to most people now, that the main threat as a result of Brexit is the quality (or lack thereof) of our politicians.
Thos was not the reason I voted for brexit. I voted based on the progression of.Lisbon. The EU has been guaranteed the money that was promised...full stop.
Britain has done its absolute best to damage Brexit. Nobody else.
Brexit: Brussels wants future deal to 'build on' existing EU fishing rights #Scotland
You should be on newsnight instead of this snowflake
alright lads who never left the concrete rain trap, hows brexit working out
Spanish Prime Minister threatens Brexit 'veto' over Gibraltar via
#Spain threatens to disrupt the EU #Brexit summit because of the Gibraltar issue.
..actually changed their minds, &amp; there's no longer a majority for Brexit. &amp; given the lies and criminality in the original ref, &amp; the arbitrariness of May's red lines (which many leave voters would likely reject), democracy requires that we check leaving still has a majority..
BREXIT BETRAYAL: Fishing boss FIGHTS back with STERN warning for Theresa May
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Theresa May says will return to Brussels on Saturday in bid to seal Brexit deal
"Doing a brexit" will become a thing - when plans turn out nothing like you meant, or when you convince yourself that your diabolical plan is good, or maybe when you manipulate people to support a plan that helps you but us terrible for them. I'd better stop...
The latest Healthgirl's Daily Mail! Thanks to #blackfriday #brexit
Spain accuses UK of treachery over Gibraltar Brexit deal
John Cleese on Brexit, newspapers and why he's leaving the UK - BBC News...
Anyone with an interest in modern European history &amp; it's relevance to modern western society &amp; Brexit should examine the Eastern front of 1917 &amp; it's aubsequence.
Britain can leave the EU, and keep Gibraltar, and there isn't a thing Spain can do about it. If Spain wants to go to war over it, they can. Other than that, they're irrelevant.
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm | Politics
EU leaders set to adopt Brexit withdrawal treaty via
No deal is not an option. That is only enabling fear. There should have been 2 options of brexit on the table from the onset. Delay the withdrawal agreement and have a GE with a clear manifesto on leave. The conservatives have not fulfilled their manifesto on #Brexit
#ffagenda interests very likely been there the whole time and prime cause
Spanish PM warns of no EU summit without Gibraltar deal via
Whilst welcome, it really does demonstrate just how disconnected from the country the WM bubble is, if they still believe immigration was the main driver for Brexit.
Well no when Brexit was achieved he had all that bullshit with Suzanne Evans Carswell and a corrupt NEC during the campaign attempting to weaken Ukips stance and Nigels integrity for Brexit So not much has changed for Ukip
Historic #Brexit summit: 10 key questions
on Twitter
Leaked document: EU to take tough stance on fishing at Brexit summit
What do you expect from this rag and traitor Halligan - might of the British Empire held to ransom by the auld sod? Is this Leo's revenge for millions famine dead and exported, the penal laws, Cromwell, the land grab in ULSTER- maybe with justication it is.
Well no they didn't. The leaflet did not say leave with no deal or with a cliff edge. It definitely doesn't say that. It is true to say that Remain said but if you leave you lose all this, but it was dismissed as project fear by leave D+1, leave says the vote means hard brexit
no, this i DO NOT agree on&gt; he took what was on OFFER, we would all do the same ?, he was ENTITLED to this cash ??
In a Brexit world, restaurants take 'Think global. Act local' more seriously via #restaurants #dining #chefs #gourmetescape #margaretriver #westernaustralia
The brexit sellers however do not represent the working class. They are slaves to do called 'free market' policy
Brexit negotiations: MPs react to Brexit draft text news - BBC News
Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
This is the clearest explanation of Brexit I have seen.
The latest Tackle the Reel News! Thanks to #fishing #brexit
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Who told you not being a part of the single market and customs union would be a disaster and why do you believe them? Surely if you’re not in the EU, you wouldn’t expect to be in them? Isn’t this a clean Brexit?
Bank of France governor pushes #Paris as post-Brexit clearing hub - Financial Times
Confused About Brexit? Don’t Be: Here’s What Comes Next For The UK
Brexit deal in full...
Tonight, perennial asshole and shadowy cult chancellor, John McDonnell actually said something I agree with and now I’m more worried about the apocalypse than Brexit.
Confused About Brexit? Don’t Be: Here’s What Comes Next For The UK
Theresa Might awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP forward of knife-edge Brexit vote |
Confused About Brexit? Don’t Be: Here’s What Comes Next For The UK
Seems a fair bet.
What do you think happens on brexit day +1 in the event of no deal?
May’s Brexit deal: the legal verdict
Brexit news:The entire future of Britain is at stake and THIS is how many MPs are bothered
This would be A Military Disaster for Britain! It is Total BS! WSC would Be Horrified!! Fkn the EU and Maniac Merkel! LEAVE!
Brexit immigration cut will cost UK billions every year
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
No Shit...…. only since the day after OUR #Leave vote I hope your post was Ironic?
Brexit, Northern Ireland and a hard border: What you need to know
Hmmm. Don’t agree, she couldn’t possibly be that stupid, she’s an Oxford graduate and has held massively challenging jobs which you simply couldn’t do if you didn’t have an above average intelligence. I believe she is deliberately screwing us to frustrate Brexit.
Voters endorsed implementing the ref result you are either narrow minded or deluded (we are far enough on in our relationship now) GE’s are about a much wider picture which is why if we want to a true view on brexit now that things are clearer we need a peoplesvote
Are we watching the same BBC?!!!
That's why having May staying in power is dangerous
Who'd have thought the first crack in the #EU27 would come from Spain over Gibraltar not that it will matter because I imagine the House of Commons will kill our Prime Ministers Brexit deal anyway
Gibraltar rocks final stages of Brexit negotiation
But then so is every other resident of No. 10 Downing Street, these days, a criminal &amp; killer of British people &amp; ONLY British people inside the #UK, as those we welcome to our lands are protected by the EU. But BRITISH people have no protection from the genocide here. #BRexit
Analysis: Brexit risks for farming grow more real as talks go down to the wire -
We scare people saying No Deal Brexit/Hard Brexit, use Switzerland as the goal, its rich, beautiful, vibrant &amp; thriving They trade in &amp; outside EU, &amp; so can we. Let's put The Great back in Britain and be like Switzerland, NoDeal= WTO the only way forward! Clean healthy living!
Hmm, i would NOT leave #BREXIT in his situation&gt;&gt; WOULD YOU ??
Voters are not necessarily experts on sectarian disputes or fully aware of their national security implications.
Brexit: DUP may revisit confidence and supply deal, says Foster: best to reunite Ireland &amp; cancel Brexit.
Anti-Brexit Black Friday Pop-Up Shops Offer Londoners Worst Deal Ever || || || #World News
You’re not an electoral force already.
Our elected representatives have gone stark staring mad. The #ERG, #DUP and Kate Hoey will allow .50cal anti-materiel rifles into UK in a 'show of strength by #brexihadis.' And a PM desperate for their #WA votes kowtows. Madness. Madness. #Brexit #Tories
No. That statement both justifies and normalises what is happening, and that is not acceptable. Things like Brexit and Trump have poisoned public discourse. But I refuse to believe that the poison will always be there.
If #Brexit goes to plan and we are are finally a independent country will we have a Independence Day ????
1) Spain cannot unilaterally veto the Brexit. BUT , Spain is currently struggling with some domestic issues including Catalan Independence Movement. The EU can sacrifice Gibraltar. But it will create a big disaster for one of its members Spain at home. Would the EU take this
Listen mashman, May is fully committed to Brexit. You’re getting what you wNted you’re just too dumb to know what you were voting for. Pull your head of Farages arse and realise you’re weak. You’ve not been sabotaged you’ve been educated. England will the EUs first colony.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
There is a real - and sizeable - risk that people will back whatever they think will make the irritation of Brexit stop. It won't, of course. The only thing that could is a 2nd referendum. That's the message to get over but it won't happen by us tweeting. #PeoplesVote
Your no leader , your a #traitor and should be locked up in the #toweroflondon .. what don't you understand about #Democracy and our #vote to #leave ... #Brexit means one thing .. #Brexit
Theresa May’s Brexit deal seems to have the support of about 50% of the people who don’t really care about politics or Brexit and hated by all those who do care (from whatever side). This doesn’t seem like a winning strategy to me.
Here's your deal Britain.. you no longer have the right to live, work and retire in 27 other countries.. we'll chase out people who live and work and contribute to this country because 'blue passports' and there will be sufficient food..
Noooo, that plays into their hands. One world. One family. All together now.
That was literally the last general election.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough new demands to lock UK into joint fisheries deal
For me 48-52% is Soft Brexit. Just as a 52% majority is not a stable basis for EU membership, 48% of the population won't live with the Hard Brexit deal May is proposing. Soft Brexit is the compromise all could live with.
Another interesting thing abt this movie is who's starring in it. Say hi to think tank staff/climate change denier... Oh, funny coincidence, Eamonn Butler's ASI got more than $1.2m from the Templeton Foundation a while ago to do a movie with WagTV/Brexit the Movie director 217/n
Unbelievable. Centralization of power never ends well. The leaders who are demanding people give up their sovereignty are despicable.
You vastly underestimate the Brexit majority and what we meant by out of the EU. We lost millions in protecting our Sovereignty we will not forgo it to anyone ever.
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
caused #Brexit? Can I have your dealer's number? I thought this #LemonHaze was good, but it's got nothing on what you're smoking.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions #Brexit
#EU leaders set to adopt #Brexit withdrawal treaty
Are you seriously so naive?
I’ve learned something too about certain business people , they are anti democratic megalomaniacs not to be trusted money grabbers who love cheap labour on tap just to suit them. #brexit now
HaHa..............Theresa May asked which is better: Her Brexit deal or staying in EU - with TELLING answer
wow the real reason pm may wants to remain in eu this is conflict of interest her wanting to remain is to benefit her and her husband selling uk out for their own financial gain shameful
Agreed
brexit has highlighted the fact that british electoral and governmental systems belong in thge 18th colonial past. FPTP is unique. The UK is the past.
What a LIAR!
Patriots are against borders. Only nationalists want borders. #WalkAway
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
No we don't have to accept anything, arts 10 and 11 of the HRA give us the legal democratic right to fight brexit if we so wish, thats democracy
Bovine somatotropin (bST) is a metabolic protein hormone used to increase milk production in dairy cows in US but banned in all other Western Countries inc. UK . Post #Brexit would we accept it ?
The latest, from Mark R. Royce on #Brexit
#Brexit Breakfast.
you twats.......................
Brexit LIVE: 'Constitutional DEADLOCK' warns Hunt as May declares there is NO Plan B
When Racism and Conspiracy Theories meet ... Third of Brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote That does not smell fishy at all
I strongly suggest Lib Dem members or voters (past or potential) use the Lib Dem contact page, and say they won't campaign for or vote Lib Dem, if Lib Dem MPs don't *all* reject May's Brexit deal.
Ask ur Fuhrer he demands #Brexit and he’s an antisemite sweetie.
Anti-Brexit Black Friday Pop-Up Shops Offer Londoners "Worst Deal Ever"
A most definitely improper Brexit seems good enough for most Leave supporters. Raab must be a stuck-up elitist 'snaab'.
Truth About Brexit: Theresa May Sold The British People Out » Sons of Liberty Media
Brextremist accepts that brexit will damage the country but thinks we must get on with the damage because a narrow minority wanted it. I think not!
Yes, I've seen that work somewhere before. "Brexit means Brexit. We are taking back control of our laws, our courts, our borders and our money." Result? BRINO.
They are not neutral they are FAKENEWS propaganda funded by Eu they have been driving their propaganda non stop desperate to stop Brexit they and all other news stations are the enemy of democracy! That’s why Leave is correct !
The only thing that stands in the way are the naysayers in the English Parliment. EU leaders set to adopt Brexit withdrawal treaty (via )
What's more likely to be a success at this point: Brexit or Gerard Pique's Davis Cup?
Guess the tune?
2) Huge risk? I don't think so. To put it simply: As i mentioned a few days ago: Due to this &amp; many reasons at home, May is left with two options: A hard Brexit (Suicide for the UK &amp; Conservative party) or a totally new referendum.
I was thinking of on US and Brexit when being interviewed about Brazil today...
If you’re a Civil Engineer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Clean your ears out and crank it up! Then weep into your own embarrassment before switching to Leave because the Tories are liars and we should have the hard brexit that was promised!!!
Brexit is finished and democracy has been a sham for quite some time now.
Brexit - disaster Anyone want to marry me for an Irish passport? Used to be we'd want to marry a yank ( not a euphemism ) for a green card.... Now Ireland is the holy grail...
Posted...
Thanks, I've heard of them, are they American? Mind you, in the age of resurgent fascism, Assad, Putin, Trump, &amp; Brexit anger motivation is one thing I really don't need additional help with at present.
Remember this when #Hillary runs in 2020 &amp; claims support for #immigration. The root causes of migrants need to be addressed &amp; resolved. Dev'd countries have a role to play. She says zip abt that. Instead, as per usual, she adopts the #GOP's position.
It’s not a compromise - it’s 40 billion quid to voluntarily put us into an economic and political headlock that’s vastly inferior to the EU deal we have now. I’ve listened to you, Rory, and I’ve read Ian Dunt. I’m with Dunt.
I have so much sympathy for the thousands that voted for brexit for the people, you are being played.
Incomparable to the sovereignty given away to Brussels.
You’ve got facts wrong re Scotland,at Brexit Vote Scots who voted remain formed minority all votes taken for U.K. countries. The minority claimed by IstMiniste Scotland formed the majority of UK voters who wanted to Leave EU. You know what that means the IstMinister told lies.
UKIP, is that the party that seeks a return to mainly non-European migration just like before ... but then Farage will praise Visegrad nations while taking EU money ... I wonder if your children will solely seek a UK passport? ... Brexit or stay, the rich will still have choices
Eurosceptic Tory MP John Hayes given knighthood #Cunts #Brexit
You really are totally sick or lost the plot or both. The brits want wat they voted for. BREXIT. U have lied n mislead all. Ur cabinet us n parliament. We dont want any deal that keeps us tied to EU. Do u dig it now?
'For Brexiteers the deal keeps the UK far too close to the EU, while Remainers fear the opposite and see the deal as infinitely worse than membership. The question is whether MPs can learn to live with her plans for Brexit, if not love them.' 2018 has been all about divisions.
Brexit is like an onion. On the surface it seems to be all about xenophobia. Peel off a layer and you realise it’s all fat more nuanced and complicated than that. Peel off another layer and confirm unequivocally that it really is: deep down Brexit is all about xenophobia.
Commons vote on Brexit deal is shaping up to be defining moment of May’s No 10 tenure
And assuming they can get visas....
the right brexit rdeal or the right tory brexir deal, put it on a red bus have the seven clowns parade around the country and ask us if we believe you, next you be telling me there 350 mill going to the nhs weekly
My point is that UKIP are a Brexit party. A one policy party. It’s in the name. You’re getting haughty about GB bring vocal about arguably the greatest threat we have faced in recent times. So ‘Brexit aside’ people welcome not only a Brexit party but one that opines about Islam.
This is not about UK or Ireland, but about globalization. The establishment in the UK decided on Brexit long ago and what you see now is a charade to deliver the overturning of the referendum. The only way you or NI / UK / EU matter is as an economic matrix for exploitation.
Is Spain using Brexit to reassert claim over 'The Rock'? - FiWEH Life -
it may be the last chance of Brexit
It is not what the people voted for its an insult to britain and its people to be put into serfdom when they wanted their freedom
He farted. A great, huge thunderous fart that ripped through his bed sheets and resounded across the hospital corridors. Harry said how much it reminded him of the Blitz, and how Brexit has taken us to the precipice of World War Three. #TweetLikeHarry
They're trying to drain our energy at an important point in the brexit shitshow. I'm angry at them for threatening certain people. They are organised, one disappears off Twitter and another appears wearing that stupid colander hat.
BBC News - Brexit: May says EU will not offer 'better deal' if agreement rejected
The aspirations of the EU’s political elite are clear, but will the voters back their ambitious programme, or more importantly, is their support even needed anymore? #PeoplesVote #brexit #EP2019
So, Corbyn's Labour Party couldn't win a GE when the Tory's were sitting ducks, there for the taking. But he's so desperate for the key to No.10, that he's willing to vote against *any* Brexit deal, hoping to get another crack at the whip? He's all set for hat trick of GE losses!
"An electoral force" says man who lost an election to a man dressed as a dolphin.
This is a terrific article. Sad too. We're so much better than this. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayalMarch
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
and i abhor the behaviour of your friends, who freely mock my mental health issues and tear other people apart. i've condemned them and i've condemned those who use language poorly, and now i'm sick to death of it all and will be glad when Brexit is dead and i can delete twitter.
Never been so sure of someone voting Brexit in my entire life
Some time ago, "Britshness "ceased being a useful way to think about what it means to live on these islands. It became a distorting mirror in which to see ourselves. Brexit is only the symptom. “Britain” is now the disease that awaits a cure.
Brexit as a Space Odyssey ... Dave: Open the pod bay doors please, MAY. MAY 9000: This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopardize it.
Former Brexit secretary: Theresa May's deal worse than staying in EU
I simply don't understand what you're saying. People who voted labour, elected MP's which voted for article 50, the very mechanism to start brexit, but then you are asking me to question whether they voted for brexit to happen, even though they just elected some1 to do it?
The Brexit Exodus.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Hard Brexit. Back in the day leaving the EU meant well.. leaving the EU.
Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote Anyone else smelling the stench?
It was always possible that Spain would veto a UK deal over Gibraltar, but fantasists like were so fired up that they either couldn't be asked or probably didn't care about future of #Gibraltar
If you wanted to stop brexit, why vote for an MP that was about to implement it?
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions — BBC News US
Not happening after the human right breaches and your corruption on top of lying about brexit deal this government should never get near power again. Disgrace to this country money over life !
To bloody late.
People’s vote now! Mays deal on brexit No deal Remain Your choice.
Whatever the lies, deliver Brexit. *automaton mode* #PeoplesVote
#TheresaMay should go now.. Just Because #universalcredit #brexit #brexitshambles #nodealbrexit #cuts #satire 12
Brexit means unrecommended
And if repeated opinion polls showed a majority for either a second referendum or an end to Brexit, would that not provide a strong democratic argument in favour of a second referendum - even a mandate, if one were needed?
Will the UK be able to take part in antiquities busts after Brexit?:
Corrupt Conservative Government. No principles as can be seen with the spineless Mr Mundell. Corrupt heading towards 3rd world country for so many of our population. Shameful. Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
You don't even have to hit play to find the first lie. #Brexit
Spain captured Gibraltar from the Kingdom of Granada in 1462. In 1704 an Anglo-Dutch fleet conquered it. The 1713 Treaty of Utrecht ceded it to the UK permanently. So Spain held it for 242 or 251 years. The UK has held it for 305 or 314 years and holds it still.
The Brexit Fantasy Goes Down in Tears
Oh dear
This is not Brexit.
As Brexit as the Brexit on your Brexit
This brexit arbitrarily creates a two tier british citizenship. Those with EU ancestry/family, who preserve their FoM rights and those who do not. An apartheid deal for a bitterly divided nation. What in god’s name is christian about that?
Agree that's not a good deal but no deal is even worse. Better to accept we are important part of Europe and keep our influence by staying in.
What is this political risk that you talk of? A risk that if Brexit doesn't happen that the Conservatives will fail to kill off UKIP and get their voters back (which has been the whole purpose all along, admit it)? A very selfish reason for going through with Brexit.
1) Your £30K minimum immigrant salary will be reciprocated by the EU - Elitism 2) If by Free Trade area you mean customs union. That means less control. If you mean a new trade deal. YOU HAVEN'T NEGOTIATED ONE YET 3) Your own experts say Brexit makes us poorer, so less NHS money.
News Brief: Trump Calls Troops, Brexit Summit, Black Friday
i hope the people who voted for brexit have a fucking meltdown when they realise how expensive everything's gonna be xx
Because Corbyn is ignoring the membership &amp; has said he would continue negotiating Brexit as PM. Because Labour can't win a General Election with Corbyn 'leading': even if one were called it would lead to another hung Parliament. Because Corbyn is a liar and a fraud on Brexit.
Your point seemed to be that patriotism would make Brexit better. Brexit is a sh*tshow, nothing and no one could save it, not even Churchill or Elizabeth I.
"it wasn't even close" is about as massive a Brexit lie as you're going to get.
From majestic British Battleships to May`s idea of Brexit.Oh how the mighty have fallen.
Brexit didn't need to be undermined. It's monumentally ridiculous notion and unachievable from the get go.
I went to a renewables conference in Amsterdam this week. Brexit wasn't mentioned once. They've moved on. They think we're irrelevant to their future. They're sad, they shrugged and moved on. We still think that arguing over the CD collection is important.
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
UK can't copy and paste the trade deals, simply because a trade deal with say Japan was done knowing that Japanese goods would be able to reach the single market. After Brexit that will change. Once UK is out of single market, UK is less attractive nation to trade with.
The latest The Oriflame Cosmetics Daily! #brexit #loveisagift
The excellent MP for Gillingham &amp; Rainham, a principled man determined to honour the Tory Party manifesto pledge he made to his constituents in 2017GE to #Leave EU, SM &amp; CU. He will vote against 's discredited Withdrawal Agreement &amp;
UK government is strangling people with austerity and Brexit only assist them in their endeavours
Ok ok I give in, I accept the fact that tories and labour only had one item in their manifesto’s and that was the implementation of Brexit. Happy now?
Theresa May's all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt - BRIBE your way out via
Just read that the EU are demanding more rights from May for the fisheries...no doubt come from Macron!
Theresa May’s all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt – BRIBE your way out Posted by Mike Sivier in Brexit, Conservative Party,...
Chris Addison on Twitter
PM faces parliamentary 'war of attrition' to deliver Brexit
The World NEVER Defeated Hitler... May &amp; Merkel were "groomed" from childhood to run the 4th Reich. Check May's Family Surname B4 Chgd = S/Be German. #QAnon #WWG1WGA #PatriotsUniteWorldWide
tHe rESistANce
Thought you presented a very sound left-wing argument for Brexit but wish you wouldn’t wind him up on Twitter after the show. Better if you’re invited back
Brexit deal: Border detail in declaration encouraging, says Liam Fox
As public opinion on Brexit shows, people change their mind as facts change and more information becomes apparent. Labour members voted for a very different Jeremy Corbyn than the Brexit loving charlatan clearly revealed in his deeds and words in the past two years!
you couldn’t explain why you can’t dance let alone explain your brexit exit
What would happen if Parliament rejected the Brexit plan?
It could all be so simply put right. advisory. Non binding.
We’re heading for a new referendum. May has no majority for her bad Brexit deal, says Prof Vernon Bogdanor. The majority now want to #Remain. And a #PeoplesVote is the best way out of this mess. Write to your MP to demand a final say.
At least you know where you are with Brexit...
From unemployment to tobacco trafficking: Why Gibraltar is a Brexit red line for Spain
It’s a pivotal point for #Brexit process. If EU Leaders agree then UK Parliament has a “meaningful vote”. No UK issue has been so divisive in my lifetime. Old issues are being reopened. Question is whether divided politics can reconcile such social &amp; human divisions? Yes or no?
When you’ve got two tickets to Iron Maiden, baby, and somehow end up on the BBC talking about Brexit
A termite ‘civilisation’ as large as Great Brexit?
Lovely!
Theresa May says will return to Brussels on Saturday in bid to seal Brexit deal
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal -
#RoyalNavy Shadows #RussianWarship Through #EnglishChannel - #Brexit #SmokeScreen
Another brexit lie/promise bites the dust. Theres NOT going to be frictionless trade..its a dangerous myth. Another reason to stop brexit.
Will you help us, Garvan? #peoplesvote #brexit
Spain's Prime Minister wants assurances Spain will be involved in decisions on Gibraltar, or his nation won't support the Brexit Deal.
Transparent Bribe ! Theresa May's all-purpose solution to her Brexit woes: When in doubt - BRIBE your way out via
Waving banners? History teaches, to be heard by the deliberate deaf corrupt and self serving, you shout. When its clear the scum don't want listen, go toe to toe. No Brexit campaign group has balls to fight in case they're called far right. Thats utter BS!
In just 10 days a week you can learn to dance. #brexit #clickbait
The shame is she could be both
What she said.
Anti-Brexit Black Friday Pop-Up Shops Offer Londoners Worst Deal Ever || || || #World News
Tory governments since 2010 have been concerned with discipline and punishment, from austerity, UC, hostile environment to Brexit.
The penny drops. Finally.
chair of DCMS committee, former Remainer. Voted to trigger Art50. Sends out pro-Brexit responses to constituents. Blog says pro FTA, interviews say pro-People's Vote. Confused of Elham.
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK | Zero Hedge
Just as contracts now have an implied cooling off period during which the signatories can back down Brexit voters must be given the chance to confirm or reject their 2016 decision.
Smug Bitch .................May repeatedly refuses to rule out resigning if her Brexit deal is voted down in Parliament via
For the many, not the few: Brexit means being a sacrificial offering...
She's. Socialist NOT acting on behalf of her voters. She's a socialist doing the lying dance of the puppet masters..... whAt she has brought the UK to is unimaginable.
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor (What a mess)
They aren't listening and they want it to sound easy. I don't really blame them. Brexit has made me miserable for 2 years. "Just get on with it" sound familiar. Comes up a lot in street interviews. #PeoplesVote
Fruit &amp; veg will go off, leaving traders and logistic workers out of pocket, car parts will be late, reducing productivity, and more people will die. People will (and probably already have) died because of Brexit. This is what happens when nationalism and xenophobia go unchecked
You can have brexit, or remain, not both.
The status quo was fundamentally flawed for many people! Many people believe that brexit under any circumstances would've been better than the status quo! Remain would bitch at them so badly for clamouring for a second referendum. Brexiteers see this and sneer at the intolerance.
There goes Teresa May, hoping to pick up a good Brexit deal on #BlackFriday ...
It's not called hard or soft...."JUST BREXIT"
DID YOU LEAVE NOTHING? #environment #environmentalist #climatechange #parenting #RESIST #ResistanceRises #video #BrexitShambles #BrexitIsPersonal #ClimateJustice #BrexitBetrayal #GTTO #musicvideo #brexit #ThursdayThoughts #UK #England #London #future
To Little to LATE..............Theresa May to curb low-skilled migration with announcement due on eve of crucial Brexit vote via
Dominic Raab and David Davis are right to blame Theresa May for this mess. She has shown very poor judgement in her choices of Brexit secretary.
Because Brexit will make it all so much worse.
Not sure what’s happening with the world but it’s becoming increasingly intolerant: Bolsonaro, Trump, Brexit, AfD. Anyways, you didn’t say how long were you abroad?
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
and here is a poll that agrees with her.
G4S - HELP US FIGHT CENSORSHIP!! - #Censorship #environment #environmentalists #climatechange #G4S #security #RESIST #ResistanceRises #video #BrexitShambles #UK #England #London #ClimateJustice #security #GTTO #musicvideo #brexit #TuesdayThoughts
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Billy Hanna
Never heard so many #Brexit lies compressed into one single radio show. The worst ever #BBCbias I have heard to date from who I otherwise admire. Agenda.
yall fat
new post Spain bars May&amp;#039;s way to Brussels Brexit deal,,
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Spain has no veto over any part of the Brexit process. Sanchez has an election coming up - hopefully the Spanish will think twice before re-electing him.
After watching I have become more and more convinced that Brexit is simply a name given in a attempt to try to mask the fact that the British are secretly envious of their superior colonial brethren like myself but they are just to prideful to admit it.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
When you've paid me back my taxes, smeghead. After all, with Brexit, *you* lose your freedom of movement. I do not. So, kthxbye
Sounds about right.
Asked if he's mounting the case in a bid to prevent Brexit, Ball said: “This is about stopping lying in politics; this is not about stopping Brexit, the courts do not have the power to do that...The motivation...is a desire to bring a beginning to the end of lying in politics.”
#BBCAskThis Do you think it is right for you to spend approx. £1M fighting a court case designed to let know what's its legal options are regarding Brexit. What do you call this sort of democracy?
Actually the NHS will get £384m per week after Brexit. Try to keep up.
Investigation: How a UK power couple link US libertarians and #FossilFools lobbyists to #Brexit. #denialists #climatechange #EarthVandals |
Third of Brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK
Not to mention stating #Brexit had been achieved "without a bullet being fired" within a week of Jo Cox's murder by a far-right terrorist.
Why are you randomly tagging Ms McKew? She said Brexit was a manipulation of the British public. Why are you screaming for her to help you?
Won't be affected when Brexit crashes the economy
Good double-punned science joke here from one of Brexit’s deep philosophical thinkers
Rofl. That's not the point being made tho. Read back thru my thread :-) Immigration impacted Brexit, no question there (tho it's just one part of a complex issue). But EU nationals working in the UK (under a reciprocal agreement btw) have nothing to do with asylum seekers.
Theresa May defends Brexit plan as a ‘good deal’ for the UK.
Is conspiring to bail out the #EU , when we have the leverage to get a real good deal? The #EU economy is under pressure and Italy is on the brink of crisis. #Brexit is a weapon and May didn't use it. That is betrayal.
Europe Markets: European stocks eke out small gains to end week, despite weak oil, Brexit-deal doubts
have a listen!!
Lets call the whole thing off? Problem with the Brexit negotiations happened on day 1, when David Davis agreed to separate the Divorce Agreement from a new Trade Agreement. This poor strategy has created our current problems.
Brexit any kind of brexit strips people of rights they previously enjoyed against their will, they haven’t volunteered to give them up. They haven’t sacrificed them for a greater good. Their identities are being messed with and their family lives are being interfered with.
What an asinine opinion. We voted for Brexit so the government has to deliver on it. That’s its job. The referendum asked us a simple question, May has to implement it.
What Europe and Britain needed was Marital Counselling not divorce #Brexit is what happens when you have a midlife crisis and you think you can leave your wife, become rich, and hook up with a model. Except you will end up broke, on someone's sofa, alone. And the lawyers made $$$
The CBI has got it wrong again - of course business wants Brexit
It has all kinds of special treatment goodness - rebate, opt outs. Screw Canada style, we have membership plus plus. The kind of total bossing it with the EU that brexit weirdos fantasise about. I'll never stop trying to save it until it's actually dead. Idiots.
#bbccomedy only hire lefty comedians with feminist, anti brexit pro #massimigration terror apologist #anglophobic views and you cant say they've discovered humour #mashreport
None of the scenarios listed in this article even comes close to gaining the support of the majority of MPs. I still think the most likely outcome is a Private Member's Bill for EFTA membership that would ultimately pass. #Brexit #Leave #LeaveMeansLeave
The Brexit sabotage isn't quite done yet but you guys are nailing it so far
‘Costupper’ Brexit-themed pop-up store opens in London
She is full of empty promises. #RejectTheDeal
I'm prepared to consider that given it was the Chancellor that visited NI and met the today, then he was investigating the possibility of giving them another bung to stay on board. Now is a time for principles #Brexit
Farm leaders welcome draft Brexit agreement
Not sure how a Corbyn Brexit got so many votes. Anyone know what it is? Jeremy?
DOES T May Hate the UK ?.................It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit via
Funny, that...
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
I see what you mean. In EU Parliament, simple majority. In council, QMV. Brexit happens at that point. He can block a future trade deal if he wants to.
Slow #SloMo pushing #nationalism not learning from the problems GB is having with #Brexit #auspol
We need a lot of YES events for New Scot EU Nationals That would be a useful thing for the Indy Convention peeps to get on with
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Because she like all other #Remainers don't understand what #Brexit is, what it's about so conflate it with "We (#Leavers) didn't know what we voted for" WE DID BUT #REMAINERS DON'T LISTEN &amp; have interpreted it as immigration only whilst giving the main red line sovereignty away
I guess Americans who want to see Cos lettuce stay on grocery store shelves are called Romainers? #Brexit
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
One has to be conscious of one's own ignorance to begin to feel embarrassed by it. Unfortunately this was not the case with either of 's guests tonight. And he never bothered correcting the lies &amp; disinformation either. #Brexit, a Agenda.
What’s a proper Brexit? One where the majority of people in Britain are worse off? Where opportunities to work and live in the EU are now restricted? Where we leave without an agreement on the Irish border? How can you be more effective now than before you resign as Brexit sec?
Mays deal should be burnt
Government's (predictable) response to petition: STOP BREXIT
#Universities should model full cost of uncertainty and then change in #Brexit (not just financial) and then baseline it to calculate effect of implementing Brexit over time. Use the evidence to advise governments on implications of decisions. #Universities take a #longtermview
Her policies led to such large-scale refugee migration. Now she advices this, Disgraceful #HillaryClinton
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
There is only one option - no deal Brexit, or Brexit as it always should have been. There has been much manufactured fear about this scenario by those who do not want to honour the vote of the people. Theresa May's offering is an absurdity - she's lying through her teeth.
Enough of this charade. Lied-to 17 million out of 53 million electorate. PM to see widespread preference for People’s Vote, and damage and cost the attempted exit from EU has and would cost. Parliament to support No Brexit TapBlw
The chef who made the mussels?
But we can despise fascism, because fascism is satan and satan in our common enemy. #BRexit #UK #UKgenocide Prevention
That’s my point. Sorry you keep missing it, but that’s my point. People obsessed with immigration moved to vote for brexit. Ignore that at your peril.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Getting a lot of people saying we've become too political??? What the fuck does that mean? Also that Brexit will sort itself out??? This is what we are fighting against.
Singing in the Rain caused Brexit
If you’re a Singer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Yes and has also stated that a second referendum is possible.
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
Labour leadership still peddling lies about how the north will vote and only sees brexit through its Bennite filter. Corbyn’s clique is as Islington chattering class as Blair ever was. Utterly self-obsessed and irrelevant to the real needs of ordinary people.
Why Brexit is being negotiated by Olly Robbins, a rabid Europhile spook! – CYBERBORISjohnson
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK #Investing
EL OH FUCKING EL
Brexit (made up name that is easy to remember and quote) really is a right wing/uber capitalist circle jerk, Farage, Banks, Wigmore, Bannon........ what a picture that presents *vomit*
none of the above a coalition of patriotic Brexit believers committed to free markets and equality of oppurtunity, honest foreign policy,not preoccupied with making money from duplicitous wars let me know when it happens
No idiot Steve. You look like a deeply patriotic committed decent guy who cares deeply enough about this country to get out to try to stop this deeply destructive Brexit. #voteleavebrokethelaw #leaveeubrokethelaw #peoplesvote #stopbrexit #remain
That attitude is pretty much what a lot of UKIP said re Brexit, but the Tory treachery might change that Labour used to be able to rely on Scottish votes to gain a majority - Labour has often had a high proportion of its front-bench from Scotland.
That's the sound of pennies dropping.....
#BBCAskThis Do you think you're spending public finances for youe legal representation &amp; advice well when the lawyers are losing case after case regarding Brexit in court? Does she think she should change her legal team? They seem pretty poor.
The only thing that makes me feel better about Brexit is shadenfreude about the shit-storm that is America.
Worse is if you catch up with you get subjected to the #MashReport!the last few minutes. Then Rory Stewart defending May's deal to a panel of 3 #brexit and 3 #remain. Only 1 supported May's deal, a brexiteer 'I'm a Conservative loyalist &amp; think TM doing a great job'
Brexit BLOCK: 'Betrayed' Spain made Gibraltar threat for THIS key reason.
Ireland is about to leave the EU. #Brexit
Quite right, Thomas, but to be fair, it is not confined to America. The Brexit business is a horror story of epic proportions, and all the right wing 'populists' in Europe and elsewhere are riding a wave of ignorance unlike anything in the last 70 years.
If Brits had any sense, they would get rid of May before she destroys the original intent of Brexit for ever
UK To Retain Three Patrol Ships For UK Waters After Brexit
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions -
in a few years theres gonna be movies about brexit and thats bad
In the face of the now obvious realities of ANY form of Brexit, in the knowledge that she is in office but not in power, and that a once powerful nation is now rudderless, with a totally inept, cobbled together cabinet, how can anyone point to stubborness as some kind of virtue?
Brexit at Tiffany's #MakeAFilmCheap
Anti-Brexit Black Friday Pop-Up Shops Offer Londoners "Worst Deal Ever"
May refuses THREE times to say whether she will quit if Brexit deal fails | Daily Mail Online
No deal Brexit -&gt; WTO rules -&gt; EU will beg us for deal to our liking afterwards.... they will loose much more after a no deal Brexit.
But does the EU really want the UK to stay given all the dissension it has caused in the UK? We don’t want the poison of Brexit. They’ve made their bed so let them lie on it. It was folly to have a vote in the first place.
Diane Abbott predicts Leave would win a second Brexit referendum | Daily Mail Online
And they have forgotten that the majority 52% were insular leavers and just expect Brexit to be delivered
So, Corbyn's Labour Party couldn't win a GE when the Tory's were sitting ducks; literally there for the taking. But he's so desperate for the key to No. 10, that his party are willing to vote down any Brexit deal in Parliament? So, he doesn't care about the country: only himself!
Theresa May - Brexit Deal - BBC 5 Live Public Phone In - 23/11/2018
How are you any better than the politicians. They say one thing and do another. You want a referendum to overturn a result you don’t like of a previous referendum. and you are better than them. Hate to tell you this you are no better than them #hypocrisy #snakeoil #brexit
Nearly three years in and they dont have a plan A, the Scottish indy ref had a 600 page white paper outlining the prospectus of an indy Scotland, where was the government in Englands brexit prospectus, this has to have been one of the most inept political decisions of all time.
We already have the best deal.....
Never getting over it, backing it, unifying around it or its supporters, talking it up, accepting it or making it work. I have already said we knew you would have continued to call for brexit even if you had lost, because your leader Farage told us you would do so.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Did you catch the #Tory film version of the #Brexit deal? It would soothe you into accepting anything :-)
Possibly. She looks very brexit, and one for That coward of a man
Yes, haven’t heard one politician of any persuasion in the last 2yrs suggest that some of their poor energy goes into working on Border Control that Brexit clearly calls for or any incentives to train up people to do the work we apparently can’t do without migrants to do
look what the EU has passed #article13 and some people are fighting to stay in this joke of a un democratic regime #brexit
Really ?
Global #Wargames you wont see on the #BBCNews - #Brexit Smokescreen
#Brexit #StopBrexit #Westminster #Labour #Corbyn #Parliament #Tories #LibDems #Greens #London #DUP: "#TheresaMay should not waste time with a parliamentary vote The #EUWithdrawalBill is not going to get the needed support"
What does #Brexit mean for the #British #wine industry? Read this: By
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Theresa May has a huge Brexit fight inside her own Conservative Party It will be a significant moment in European history when the EU's 28 leaders meet in...
South Armagh's Conor McGinn, MP, explains why he must vote against EU-UK withdrawal agreement.
234Radio News: Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
And they are the typic of people that will blame labour if Brexit does happen and it all goes ape shit.... Labour needs to tell people the truth but the top JC in particular is still peddling Brexit can work....
These lettuce/Brexit puns are little gems
Brexit: Will Spain's Gibraltar concerns crash on The Rock? #spain #uk #brexit #travel #boarder #split #eu #EuropeanUnion
If Brexit is going to be such a failure and the EU is some kind of utopia, why are the migrants rushing over before the gate closes?
#MayBot #PeoplesVote has been a long term movement to get a #FinalSayForAll on any deal brought about by Brexit negotiations From No Deal to 3rd referendum on the agenda 1st - 1973 2nd - 2016 3rd - 2019?
It’s a tarsier not a monkey but whatever it is, it, &amp; the money are way above the level of any brexy. “Brexit is a brave new world with nothing to fear” except other brexies who are all dangerous &amp; illiterate gibbering idiots.
as a lifelong shy Tory: I’m only one little vote but I’m afraid you lose it if you support the current deal. Martin Howe QC puts it best
Remainer MPs (inc. TM) are doing ev. they can to stop Brexit, putting up a smokescreen, ploughing us ever deeper into paperwork, lying, boring us to death, slight of hand, digging their heels in, arguing until time runs out, espionage, fake news, name calling, screaming. DID
But she lying to everyone, even her own Cabinet have been kept in the dark, especially regarding EU defence. Take a look at all the tweets on Even saw one where the deal with keep MP’s out of reach. Conjured up by the civil service
Bad week for the FAANGs. (Another) bad week for Bitcoin. (Another) Brexit Week - although I write this from Asia, where Brexit hardly on radar. Anyway our Week in Review, as ever worth a read...
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar
Can you tell me where Brexit has caused anyone being forced to leave?
both but mainly the latter
Spoof shop opens in Peckham to highlight Brexit food 'price rises'
Brandon Lewis, is hypocrisy, personified. He, has supported the motives of UKIP in the past. What, he doesn’t understand, that we his electorate, are thoroughly fed up with this point scoring, and pontification from both sides. Brexit, should have been a consensus after the vote!
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists | World news | The Guardian //oh ffs
“Brexit is a brave new world with nothing to fear unless your [you’re] a big multi national paying tax in luxumbourg” [Luxembourg]. Typical thick as pig shit brexy can’t even use his own language correctly. Even my tarsier is better educated than you.
So May's Brexit deal is now officially more popular than Jeremy Corbyn.
Tom Richmond: #Brexit obsession is flaw of the Jacob Rees-Mogg duds’ #Army
What a tosser But then He is a Lib Dem
You read the unfortunate anti-Hillary, anti-Dem article in the Miami Herald. That article was based on two other articles I will be posting. First article in the Gaurdian: Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Aude: the most French English worried about brexit (Finding #Languedoc)
Yet you both fancy #brexit, a -5% (conservative estimate) GDP drop nationwide. Your extremely simplistic view of taxation isn't groundbreaking.
What utter fucking codswallop.
A second referendum is no how the country decides a final deal, an election is! The prime minister was voted in atthe last general election and is delivering the brexit she promised. Obviously it's not going very well, but a second referendum on brexit is not the way to solve it.
I am genuinely sorry that the UK voted for Brexit. But is it possible that staying in the EU will create bitterness that could spread to other countries?
When wasn’t it better than May’ steaming pile of a deal? That’s not the problem, we were promised a ‘hard’ brexit before we voted?
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Quite right.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
#Brexit You completely fail to mention that JR Mogg + 2 Tory MPs are advisors to Economists for Free Trade. Their report is the only one to show growth of the usual 10+. Most -3/-7 No useful comparisons. Just an ad for no deal!
Loose Women discuss Brexit with Mr Blobby
He’s got to be joking there’s not full employment, companies over because of low wages and back to work schemes that people working like slaves and low corporate tax ..but u can tell he’s a tori brexit lover
Gibraltar becomes a last-minute Brexit headache as May races to the finish line
Spoof shop opens in Peckham to highlight Brexit food 'price rises' To you have
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
#Brexit - is your #business in or out (of the UK)? Finding the right location:
The EU's Brexit deal histrionics are great theatre. But it doesn't mean Theresa May has won via
He is right.
Spoof shop open ns in Peckham to highlight Brexit food 'price rises' To you have
Top story: Gibraltar a new Brexit wild card | Bangkok Post: news see more
Proud of being ignorant. Classic Brexit
Thanks for your concern. This tribe didn't have to endure the political gymnastics of Boris' red bus. Surely we can agree that despite the barbarism, their life is simpler and probably better due to not having Brexit.
BBCWorld: Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Jobs, Futures and Children's Futures all at risk if we accept 's deal of capitulation and handing over control of our country to the EU
finally, someone who can sort out Brexit
Fucks sake, no one is saying ignore. We've had two years of nonsense because we listened to the referendum. It's about doing what's best for the nation and that simply is not brexit. Any brexit.
If only you were this would be big news. No offence.
If remainers had gone to the lib dems, they would have said it was a sign that many opposed brexit. And guess what. I would have agreed because their manifesto said that! See how easy it is when you deal with facts?
On BBCTW it was said by one of Corbyn's main supporters that he cannot carry out his state aid agender under EU rules so he will have to negotiate it or leave. He will never get that so he will do a hard brexit. They said there will be no people's vote. He has conned remainers.
The #Tories are not dealing with #brexit , because they are panicking about this... #FISA #DeclassifyFISADocs
Lets get put and peacefully protest and make our case. The numbers will show that the WA must be stopped - and #brexit must be delivered
No the Tories will be rubbing their hands with Batten on a one man mission to turn UKIP into the new BNP, quite a few non racists voted for UKIP because of Brexit, with the rabble that is now UKIP these ppl won’t touch UKIP with a barge pole....
Brexit Data Talks Have Come a Long Way Since Protection Warning
Spain Bars May's Way to Brussels Brexit Deal
"Cameron's wishlist of (EU) reforms" 1. Migration Controls; 2. Safeguards Against Eurozone Rule; 3. Less Red Tape, More Trade and 4. No more 'ever closer union'. Shows EU willingness to listen and grant concessions to Cameron.
You show yourself to be nothing but a party lackey. You try and sell the public Dog Shit and tell them it’s gold. and you expect to be taken seriously. Better to let people think you are a duplicitous fool than open your mouth and confirm it #hypocrisy #brexit
Quote PM’s and presidents all you like - that never necessarily reflected the reality of public opinion on immigration. You really think it was ok for anyone to walk into a dinner party or a pub and raise concerns over immigration pre Brexit, without being dismissed as as racist?
For her, ending FoM is like a nig concession. For Brexit voters, it's a given
(Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions) #news #trendingnews #todaynews has been published on Review Journal -
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
Just as you can have 's WA or #Brexit, not both. #RejectTheDeal #NoDealBrexit
I genuinely admire your positivity as despite my utter despair at Brexit, I hope you're right, for all our sakes.
Happy smiles of a boat load of migrants rescued in the Channel - as total of 101 cross to #UK in three weeks in 'race before Brexit'
All you have done is renogotiate the terms of our membership of the EU. This ISN'T Brexit!
Utterly cretinous snivelling two-face. Voted Remain but has mysteriously become the voice of a hard Brexit. Pathetically spineless.
#Asia #markets: US-China trade war, Brexit, oil, currencies in focus
Interested in #Brexit? I'll make sure my website is still up and running on Sunday - - Brexit News archive from 2013 - history in the making
Talk about setting a low bar! We're at war with NO-one but a wartime economy is OK for #Brexit? I see.
Brexit Apocalypse trailer - film coming in 2019. #BrexitApocalypse #BrexitMovie #Brexit
It has 2 main faults: 1. It's not Brexit. 2. It's worse than Remain. Oh, and a third, it's a complete waste of paper.
Spain holds up Brexit deal with concerns over Gibraltar via
DEFENCE DAILY: Gibraltar Is Still An Issue For Brexit Deal and Oldest Pearl Harbor Survivor Dies
