May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Nigel Farage slams Theresa May's bent Brexit deal.
Reminder that Greece lost a quarter of its entire GDP during the Euro crisis. Even the most exaggerated Brexit scaremongering (here Lammy misquotes annually instead of over 20 years) doesn’t come close to the misery that the EU has inflicted on its own members
and = not democratic #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
A valid concern for minorities are the EU protections the UK has not yet replicated for a post Brexit era and the new ease with which some UK minority protections could be rolled back once outside of the EU.
The lengths people will go to, to get away from Brexit
"Why Theresa May’s Brexit deal deserves support" via
Doesn’t this sum it all up!
Unfortunately, the only option that may finally unite the #Conservatives under #TheresaMay maybe a #NoDealBrexit, so it maybe more than 50% chance of that happening.
Now May is already pissed off with the Brexit deal coming through... you don’t want to make the lady mad !
Brexit: what is to be done?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
A politician from Islington ploughing on without any real consideration of what Brexit will do to working-class towns like my hometown.
Back of the queue means back of the queue... #brexit
AH' SEE SHE'S OFFERIN' MP'S PEERAGES IF THEY SUPPORT HER BREXIT PLAN NOO!...SHE IS A CORRUPT LUNATIC!..
More like whats been Dangled in Front of her Husband and he took it but didn't Realise it was all on Camera?
Boris can probably cover that off with his expenses I should think... Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' by 2030
She's the EU's mole of course, their ideal Brexit saboteur on the inside poking holes in our lifeboat &amp; desperately trying to lock us in below decks forever, and better than Corbyn would have been at feigning British defiance at Lancaster House after stealing UKIP's clothes.
hehehehahahaha I thought brexit would show it's ugly head on the mashup eventually lol
Mercer should just die too, along with the Koch brothers.
'EUROPE IS FRAGILE!’ Emmanuel Macron warns Brussels on BRINK due to Brexit NO due to his fuel taxes and the French on revolution watch, thanks to MACRON,
Brexit means Brexit!
Brexiteers hate experts, so probably their conclusion would be “emigration”
Well he hasn’t said anything constructive yet about Brexit so it’s probably too much to ask that he start now?
Ha ha. #trump jumping on the deal band wagon. Shut shop. You wanna deal with us we'll call the shots thanks.
Even the BBC News is reporting this analysis published today - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Dear Mr Corbyn Beautiful words but yet again no substance. In a simple words tell me what you would achieve better on Brexit and if you don't will you resign. One thing I'm sure you will not except the challenge. Over 30 years a paid servant who has done zero.
Like the late great John Candy might have said -If you don't feel enough without #Brexit you'll never feel enough with it
This is a Brexit debate. If there's no remainer in the room, half of the population are locked out. Your comment is deluded and offensive.
Nope: the NIESR report (not the BBC intern’s rehash) says under various Brexit scenarios, compared w Bremain, UK GDP would grow by x% less. My daughter grew by less than my son this year: but she didn’t *shrink*. She’s still as capable as any economist to forecast out 12 yrs...
Hasn't been used for a long time but why don't we use #dontbrexit instead of #brexit ? #politics
Couldn't help but think about the heartbreak of Brexit when I heard about this lovely book, Second Place Rosette: Poems about Britain from . #poetry
General Election for me.
Yes, but who funds you?
Rog and now Dante. Brexit is real. It’s like losing Suarez and Coutinho to Barcelona
After Brexit the British will be the only W. Europeans w/out those rights. FoM. The only ones.
Oh please, give up this shit. STOP BREXIT.
Amazing. First time an American president has put the boot in to a British prime minister as she teeters on the edge of power?
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds
Theresa May cannot lead Brexit. Corbyn cannot lead Brexit. Gerard Batten can lead Brexit and so can UKIP. We have been betrayed we must stand up for free speech and small government.
It all just gets better and better. #whattheheckarewedoing
Abortion is where they kill babies. Nothing to crow about. Nevertheless, will you support a no deal Brexit, Mrs Creasy? If you do you will have my support. Anyone who supports a patriotic Brexit from ANY political persuasion at this time is my friend. Well, Stella? I say true.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Well said
Troubling.
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
Wait until after Brexit, there will be no Mars then!
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
Beware, Remainers
WOW there are some thickos commenting on this. #FBPE been banging on about losing trade are now begging to give up our biggest export trade because they hate Trump. FFS There is no hope!!!!
Dick Morris: Hillary Shills for Anti-Brexit 11-26-18
Ann Widdecombe: The EU set out to be, or at least said it was, a loose alliance of sovereign states. If that's what it still was, you wouldn't have a Brexit vote, you wouldn't have unrest in Greece and you wouldn't have discontent in Poland.
We know.
Laura, surely by now you realise that Mrs May will say just about anything to score a point? Problem is because of the likes of the people believe her.
Passionate speech from supporting a #peoplesvote on Brexit. #brentlive
1. The purpose of seeking that advice? To see what the people's preference was. Which was clearly to leave the EU. Both Labour and Cons subsequently had Brexit manifestos and they got a massive majority. MPs also voted in favour of A50 and commencing Brexit. Economy is strong.
Thank you Andrew ... I had such high hopes when May declared she would deliver a genuine Brexit, but have since lost complete faith in her. Either she is incapable of negotiating &amp; containing her politicised civil service, or worse, she is actively colluding to thwart Brexit.
If the #Tories lose a #PeoplesVote on their #Brexit and we remain in the EU - The. Tories. Will. Be. Gone. You'll get your General Election.
Why Brexit Will Be Terrible For Cancer Research
Please read and share This is a brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter.
I cannot believe I’m going to cosign a trump statement
Please support the true Leader of the Opposition, one of our very best MPs. Imagine if we had more Carolines and fewer Boriss, Ian DS, Bernards, and Jeremys.
Multiple lol levels here
I’m fed-up with PM &amp; MP’s telling me that the British people are fed up with Brexit &amp; don’t want another vote, just get on with it. So patronising- they’re talking about the future of my grandchildren &amp; I’m very involved-so if people are bored well tough. Leave it to us that care
As she should.
I say to the young people of Britain, the people who want to give you a "people's vote" are the exact same people who wanted to give you a vote in the EU referendum. It's not because they respect your vote. It's because they KNOW how you will vote. That should scare you. #Brexit
Fashion has moved from the body to the mind. I have achieved success in many of the industries you young people dream of being successful in and, let me tell you, the worst thing you can be, both in those industries and life in general, is predictable. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Theresa May’s Brexit deal ‘will cost UK £100bn every year' by 2030 |
A spanner in the works? No. There are no works left amidst the mountains of spanners. A spanner in the spanners.
Nigel Farage: May's Brexit deal the worst deal in history #TheMovement #SteveBannon
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Make sure to follow our Insta for all the latest Bed and Brexit news.
President Trump has weighed in on the Brexit Deal claiming it “sounds like a great deal for the EU” whilst adding that “right now if you look at the deal they [UK] may not be able to trade with the US.” #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal
I wouldn't takes Donald's view on the whole #brexit thing too seriously
Trump: UK may not be able to trade with U.S. in #Brexit deal
Brexit means Brexit!
Is that the disgraced former Defence Secretary and disgraceful former Brexit something or other Dr Liam Fox? The Werrity fella? That one?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
BREAKING : says #Brexit deal sounds like a good deal for the #EU and it means "the #UK may not be able to #trade with the #US" via Its official Theresa May's BrexitDeal is bad, it stops UK from signing up #international #trade deals
They are. Forced austerity on people resulting in UN report on the level of poverty created. 320,000 people homeless. Brexit based on xenophobia. Ridiculously over-hyped view of their own and UK’s importance. Supplying arms to totalitarian regimes All things far right do.
How JoePublic out there with no TxF3Cash2spare4Gold/StocksÖrShares will BrexitPrööf their lifes?When every rd in Brexit State according2JRM=Years of economic unkonw?When their HorizonS not longer than the Channel,anything further HASSLE!All 4 YOÚR BS&amp;LIES?
Corbyn continues to stick his head in the sand about a #peoplesvote and now he wants to make sure no other party can raise it either. Is this government "for the many" or just the few who agree with Corbyn's #brexit stance?
and this.... ...is total waffle
Definitely a GE. I’m not persuaded that ‘a People’s Vote’ would be a useful thing even then because Brexit is a complex and non-binary issue. Clearly, an extended process of public education and engagement is needed on the matter to unpick it from its xenophobic/neoliberal
Trump on point again. She's made a complete arse of Brexit. I hope she gets humiliated trying to push this through; the public wont forget!
Really ? When does Jeremy #Corbyn's long game begin to include practical measures to mitigate the damage #BREXIT has already caused to working class folk in manufacturing? The time for nuance, if there ever was one, is long past.
Alex there is no way she could get that passed parliament no way just be glad I am .
Reality Check: Theresa May's #Brexit letter
"Theresa May's Brexit deal will cost £1,090 for every person in the UK, shock research claims today." ifttt, reddit
No Brexit, has got us into this mess.
How David Cameron's welfare cuts led directly to the Brexit vote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
What an APPALLING response. No hint of an apology, just an acknowledgement that she was in the wrong.
Good to see that signatures are pouring in for this ...
Keith &amp; a haulier talking about how Brexit will damage jobs, economy, etc, &amp; how Indy is the alternative, &amp; the Boss will be firing the gun soon
Brexit: Theresa May updates MPs on draft deal – BBC News
Welsh ports sign Brexit 'gagging orders' #Brexit
Sorry for you, the good thing about the brexit for other countrys that is the union do the force. Trump as no friends, just some business relations and now, UK is a small duck beside an elephant. Global warming is coming, not the time to be alone...
Why don’t you worry about how teresa May is about to give your country the Royal Screw with her ridiculous, john Kerry like brexit deal? We here do t want to end up where Europe is heading. Hence the hard line on immigration. These people are criminals.
I thought Robbie Gibb has everything under control
Brexit analogy in real life is similar to an online purchase. You see the product, get dazzled by the deal and when it arrives nothing matches the description. Get a refund , get a revote
Like, at all?
And it just gets better........................#Brexit
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
*whispers* An FTA with the US was never necessary, never in our interests and never ought to have been marketed as an aim of Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! No thanks.
May’s Brexit deal quietly gambles with our rights at work
British pharmacists should be enabled to make therapeutic substitutions before Brexit
No. I just want a well Brexit deal
stay out russian waters asshats Via : Europe briefing: Black Sea face-off, Brexit deal and Matthew Hedges pardoned
U.K can protest on that EU is not cooperative, but have to define it firmly that this we need. All 27 EU countries participate against, in criticism on Brexit and U.K has no country to support on Brexit, most weakest international relations are made with efforts.
Except May’s Brexit is not brexit, it’s reversing back into the political union... hence why you can’t do an independent trade deal with the US. The ‘back of the queue’ has nothing to do with it but I suspect you already know this, and are being specious
Don't beat yourself up, 52% overestimated the monumentally egocentric Brexit cheerleaders
New Labour are the ones responsible for providing ammunition in terms of votes which delivered Brexit. Abandoning large areas of Northern and Midlands Labour voters on the arrogant notion they had 'nowhere else to go.' Time you owned what you are responsible for.
Now that’s the kind of creativity Remainers have!!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit dividend, bin the parties keep the EU. Reboot parliament
This is not the first nail nor will it be the last in UKs coffin. Every way you look at it this #PsudoBrexit is a cross between a sieve and a colander and the only supporters it will catch are remainers possing as brexiteers
Entering the #Christmas spirit with sincere wishes for the season. #Brexit #Trump
The latest The Richard Headland Daily! Thanks to #cybermonday #brexit
There’s something very weird about the current re-emergence of the Norway Brexit option, just 29 months after the close referendum result that some expected would be followed by a Norway-type option….
Not that I put any value into what the orange faced cretin says but this doesn't look good for TM the PM.
All of us with a brain know this.
Any moron who thinks Trump has read even one page of the deal is as stupid as the man himself
Labour will be cheering her on. Last time she did a tour she lost about 20% of her votes, didn't she? Then, she at least pretended she had a Brexit agenda. Now her lies are apparent to anyone who can read.
Why would any1 stand up 4 Theresa May she has destroyed millions of peoples lives Her Brexit Plan is a joke her DWP is responsible for thousands of deaths She is going out of her way to shut the NHS down. She promotes nothing but hatred towards anyone who isn't White Tory English
What’s the point of brexit then?
That useless women is going to ruin us #MayMustGo #BrexitBetrayal
MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December #Brexit #BrexitVote #UK #WorldNews
Calling all (closet) folkies... hi , would you RT my friends ’ crowdfunder for their third album, please? Records 1+2 were great, I really want to hear #3.
PM wanted help selling her deal - instead Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK #Brexit Sent via
brexit sick off hearing about it if thatcher was around she would have sorted this out ages ago #thatcher #brexit
And he is a known abstainer as well as pro Brexit and anti eu
BBC News - EU court rejects Britons' anti-Brexit case
Weren't they CONQUERED by the Normans?
A debate between May and Corbyn would be like a mop debating a wettened corugated carboard box, with all the charm and excitement of plaster of paris and mud. Rivetting. Seeing as they BOTH support Brexit, what's the fucking point?
Dear Tezza... Your party’s little civil war has divided this country irreparably. The last time this happened Cromwell discontinued the custom of kings wearing their heads on their shoulders...
Hope you can keep fighting Harry, hearing reports of Brexit vote 11/12 December and we are all hoping for a General Election soon but whatever happens we will all carry on your fight and will stay with you in spirit and love.
If, as seems to be the case, May's "Deal" will make the UK poorer than if we Remain, shouldn't we be allowed to vote on it?
Weren't they CONQUERED by the Normans?
Everyone should watch the latest political slot on Brexit People wake up
“You aren’t doing enough to fight Brexit. Please report to the nearest march for costumes and blowtorch training.”
Having promised unicorns, talked about unicorns and finally agreed a process by which we can discuss the delivery of unicorns, Parliament is arguing about whether we go back to the unicorn shop and ask for a different one. #brexit
So you’d like to see the uk trading only on WTO terms, that’s the brexit you voted for
We have never since the paedophile Ted heath been sold out by a UK PM we are in dangerous waters. A no deal Brexit is the Brexit I've been waiting for, I was to young to vote in 1975 and relished the chance to have a say in 2016.
Deranged woman!!! Driven only by greed!!!!
'the adverse effects of Brexit may be greatest in precisely those regions that supported it most strongly' via
You may not have noticed, Mr Liddington, that we already have a closer trade p'ship with EU than Canada (has), and we have always had control of laws, money, borders. So we vet all this brexit shite and gain..... nothing.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This is where Brexit bankers are choosing to live in Paris
#BREXIT #QAnonPatriots #BREXIT Watch and get Goose Bumps [D5] NOTHING CAN STOP WHAT IS COMING. via
Meet “Project Vote,” The Crack Team Set Up To Save Theresa May’s Brexit via
Now this is an easy way to screw up the economy!
We already trade with the US...
How did everyone feel about the moment in the earlier #Brexit debate when Theresa straight up questioned the validity of economic forecasts when comparing her deal to others? #BrexitTimesDeserateMAYsures
Geez POTUS steps into U.K. domestic politics and not a peep from the traitor Brexiters , what next ? Putin condemns the brexit Deal?
I liked a video Does Theresa May Trust the EU too much over Brexit?!
Muse can't be left out: "Time is Running Out", "Apocalypse Now", "Map of the Problematique", "Dead Inside".
What a brilliant graphic that puts to bed the claim that Labour are the same as the Tories on Brexit.
We’d never dream of joining an EU army... Of course not. It’s been surrender and capitulation with May from the day she was installed as PM. And when her stupid deal gets rejected by the Commons, we’ll be left with remain.
Soft Brexit option could be fallback if Commons rejects Theresa May’s deal Almost half of Theresa May’s cabinet have held talks to weigh up the possibility of backing a soft Brexit option as a plan B if parliament rejects the prime minister’s #E... #EUpol
Labour to block #PeoplesVote taking part in #Brexit TV debate
you forgot to mention him too. You just want to keep us to yourself. ... sorry man. .Voting for the brexit now.
well... #brexit where theresa Will Theresa May ?
As a CWU member and a rep. What is more important is another referendum to stop Brexit, that is what I would like my union to campaign for
This is going well. Could we please just have a #PeoplesVote so we can save ourselves from this deadly cocktail of #Brexit cluster-muppetry?
Seasonal workers were never a problem before Maastricht. There is no need for them to be a problem after Brexit.
I suppose we should be grateful that failed to win the landslide the pollsters predicted in #GE2017 #Brexit
Labour MP after Labour MP spoke in support of a second referendum with a view of securing a ‘remain’ vote. The thrust was that we will be financially worse off with Brexit. Either worse off or very much worse off. Is Brexit now dead in Labour ?
We can just cancel A50 mess and stop Brexit.
Worse than Thatcher? #indyref2 #brexit
try this story for Brexit, overpoweringly arrogance and polyamory.
Madness! Most leavers would accept EU membership without Freedom of Movement ( I know that's not possible). How are you going to sell them being out of EU but still have Freedom of Movement? Those who put up the sovereignty case won't accept swapping the ECJ for the EFTA court.
So translated.. Mays #Brexit deal is utter shite! Stick that in your pipe and smoke it .. You've all got your work cut out defending #TreasonMay ain't ya!?
And you know what, I do fully understand what the Norway option is - I have probably researched it a lot more than you have. And guess what, it’s still shit. Stop Brexit.
NEWS: Deal or no deal: British fintech firms just want to move on from Brexit uncertainty (CNBC)
The will be put back years if they support May ?........its now up to them !..........#BrexitBetrayal #Brexit
brexit is rlly proving to be a crap idea and i don’t understand how people didn’t think about how bad it can get when they voted for it.. i bet u my *ss they wouldn’t vote for it again. it sucks bc it isn’t ideal for the youth, older generations rlly said f*ck youth lives huh
Yet you are in a party that is pro Brexit. Surely now it is time to stop the insanity in Labour?
That was surprisingly well worded
If she hasn't squandered the north sea oil revenue and destroyed the manufacturing industry the country might be in better shape for Brexit
Bannon may not be that old, but he's fat. Why doesn't he just die along with the Koch brothers and Mercer?
For Corbyn Brexit is only an opportunity to get to no.10. He is entirely indifferent to what form it takes. He will happily back the no dealers if he can pin the resultant *life threatening* chaos on May.
Brexit cannot be in the national interest. It needs to be ditched
MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December
And with that, Trump stabs a wounded Theresa May in the back..
I still can’t fathom how Brexit can morally go ahead after a major Brexit campaigner has been found to have broken campaign rules. Not forgetting pretty much every promise Brexit made has been broken, and the “leaders” advocating it vanished as soon as they “won”.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Thank you for delivering for the #environment on the island of #Ireland
If the MPs stop it at least they can say it was because THEY started it, but a #PeoplesVote WITH all the FACTS, would make more sense. esp if we explain to the BOBs that we're only just starting #Brexit, if it goes ahead. Bored NOW? Wait... #FBPE #OFOC #RemainbowCoalition
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
Definitely the last of these.
26/11/2018: the day Donald Trump killed Theresa May’s #Brexit agreement. No trading with the USA.....the end
Well said Femi!You are the voice of sanity in this madness called Brexit!!!
A real Brexit is good for the UK as we would be free to pursue what is in our own interests. Mays deal is not as it keeps us tied to the EU dead weight.
U ok hun?
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US. More on what the US president has said here:
Isn't it ironic that we're being told we're all bored of Brexit, when in fact political engagement is probably at the highest point it's been for decades? Also ironic that the action recommended to alleviate the boredom is to subscribe to another few years of it.
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace | Politics | The Guardian
At least Mrs May can rely on the man at the help of the "special relationship", can't she. Or maybe not.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Quick bump for this public lecture on the news media &amp; Brexit, Tuesday evening, 5.30pm ... Still some tickets left!
. throws a mighty big rock into the #Brexit pond: "sounds like a great deal for the EU......as the deal stands they [the UK] may not be able to trade with the US. I don't want that at all, that would be a very big negative for the deal"
I DISPUTE THAT ECONOMIC ANALYSIS. DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU READ IN THE MEDIA.THERE IS NO WAY ON GOD'S EARTH BRITAIN WILL LOSE £100 BILLION A YEAR IF THERESA MAY'S BREXIT DEAL GOES THRU. THAT IS PURE FICTION. In fact #TheresaMaysBrexitDeal will be an economic winner 4 Britain.
Never thought i would say this but well done Donald Trump !!! Brexit deal "great" for EU but not UK-US trade. Wot day say Treez? #PeoplesVote
This. Corbyn has no intention of stopping Brexit. #PeoplesVote
This is frankly a ridiculous lie which should be beneath the worst of politicians. This cap isn’t of SNP’s doing, and you know this. Despite this, you attack SNP, form coalitions with Tories &amp; agree with 70% of austerity cuts. Oh and Trident. And Brexit. You are a liar, Jeremy.
Sigh...BREXIT SCHMEXIT
So disappointed with the outcome of the negotiations, we appear to have played our hand so badly. Created worst of both worlds. The Country is desperate for leadership, and not one obvious leader anywhere. Very sad state of affairs. #brexit
Brexit is about taking our country back, out of the control of unelected nobodies, who abuse there power,and think because they couldn't beat us in 2 world wars, they can do it economically.this country has waited years for this vote, and wont give it up.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's like a poor man's Tarantino movie - "Gulp Fiction"!
How will May sell her Brexit deal to British MPs? | Raw Politics
joe just referred to this baby as an onion ring
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
You know what to do Twitter.
Boris doing his duty.
I totally agree, I’d have crumbled under the constant attacks she’s come under. I’m a committed brexiter but I want brexit and if this deal doesn’t go through the condescending undemocratic remoaners will do everything in their power to stop brexit altogether.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's good to hear this straight from the horse's mouth: “I’m a democrat. Of course if we get a deal and people don’t like it, there should be another vote.” We agree.
Lots of very cross brexiters in the replies. You won, why are you so cross? We did tell you brexit would be rubbish...
It's just immature.
"Things I shoild have done as Brexit secretary" by David Davis
The leave vote won and in order to leave the EU we need to leave the single market and the customs union but this doesn't seem to sink in to some MP's heads. So they come up with plans to keep us either in a SM or a CU or both together and that is not brexit.
CURRENCIES : Dollar Bounces At Start Of Headline-heavy Week Featuring Brexit, G-20
Useful
one for the brexit playlist, JoJo leave (get out)
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Genuinely don’t understand what they’ll be debating
Business leaders rally behind May's Brexit deal amid fears of crashing out
This is going well. Could we please just have a #PeoplesVote so we can save ourselves from this deadly cocktail of #Brexit cluster-muppetry?
bruv you ok? I see going in on some of these idiots who opinions are about as worthy as pound coin will be after Brexit.
Just when you thought all of this couldn’t get anymore messed up and silly...
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade Even Trump thinks deal is bad. #StandUp4Brexit reject deal and eject from
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Definitely time to #DitchTheDeal
Sums up Theresa May's day..... #Brexit
Trump might be a tool, but he's just proven that he's brighter than and any MP who backs her batshit #Brexit deal.....
She would serve her constitutes better if she stepped down for the investigation - and the DUP take their seats at Stormont Devolved Gov't - and let Britain go for an election and stop all this Brexit poverty nonsense
Accurate again, it’s becoming a regular thing. The deal has no chance unless the whips have loads of dirt on enough MPs.
There are so many ignorant buffoons Singling out just one feels harsh
Then why did it make promises? It was made up of politicians who were part of the govt negotiating Brexit. They all left when they realised their promises were worthless. Johnson never even wanted Leave to win anyway. And, no political power? Only the biggest thing since the war.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump so annoyed that May obviously hasn't read 'The Art of the Deal' warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to her really, really bad EU deal
David Vance on Twitter
As if the headline wasn't bad enough, this is ANOTHER story of #brexit corruption as well.
The Troublemaker | Jacob Rees-Mogg is a complete banker
More interesting now, in the context of #trump #brexit and #popularism What game theory teaches us about war | Simon Sinek via
The British people voted for sovereignty, the prime minister’s deal delivers subordination. It must be utterly rejected by Parliament #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This woman is so hopeless......BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
If you are a #BOB you should be ashamed of yourself &amp; deserve whatever it is that comes your way, whichever way this shambles of #brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitAgreement ends up. #Democracy requires us all to participate, whatever our view, in a reasonable and reasoned manner.
Of course this government needs to go for the devastation it has caused, completely divorced from Brexit. We're at the crunch point of a genuine crisis now though. If Labour can't articulate their dishonestly incoherent position, 4 other parties will gladly take on the Tories.
Just when poor old May thought that things couldn’t get any worse with her #BREXIT deal, her special friend Donnie decides to “help” her . Time to give up, seek an extension to Article 50 and schedule the #PeoplesVote Theresa
Because she is not being honest,either with us or herself.We don,t want this deal it is not Brexit.
Bite the bullet, believe in our country with a no deal and consider what the alternative would be by allowing us to be overwhelmingly dominated by those we wished to amicably leave. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #Newsnight #bbcpapers
Mike Harding tells her how it is.
Brexit ain't fixing this shit! Thug fractures traffic warden's eye socket in row over school parking
President Trump stating publicly what everyone around the country is saying. May is selling a dead duck and everyone knows it. The eu thought we were stupid and would accept their plan. They can get stuffed. We voted out and we want out not the rubbish that May is pushing
Reason number 7991 to scrap May's horrible deal. Walk away, regain our sovereignty and independence. Trade freely with the world.
Bless him, kicks the legs out from under #brexit trade deal hopes
why do you lie so much Oh yeah your a Mp. The march is about betrayal of brexit full stop It’s not Tommy Robinson’s walk its the 17.4 that’s votes have been cast aside. So only one breeding violence and division is you. What makes you think it’s ok to tweet that
Well if another referendum - remain would not be an option. A choice between Theresa May's awful supposed Brexit Deal and a No Deal Brexit.
ALL OF THIS!
Just pit of curiosity if brexit does not go ahead will you still be against independence? If so, why?
Ohhhhh dear .....it's all going a bit for .....
Love this
Cos the party’s leader Seamus wants hard brexit.
Plan B?
That’s helpful!!!
Why do British people feel so proud of the of the freedom of movement? With brexit even British citizens won’t be able to go to the other 27 countries so... you guy’s’ votes FLOPPED.
Kate Hoey: "I thought Theresa May was serious when she said 'Brexit mean... via
I would describe it as recuscancy in the face of Brexit isolationism. Having EU partners is capable of making UK stronger not weaker. The UK has always had treaties determining pan-European affairs from the Congresses of Europe onwards.
This is interesting
Brilliant!
Putin's US mouthpiece wants a hard #brexit shocker!
In the face of impending doom and chaos does cheer me up!
Brandon you forgot to add, "And sells us down the river" You must think we're stupid.
Let's be honest, it's pretty clear we're heading for a hard Brexit... Kinda like being stood on the Titanic &amp; staring at the iceberg ahead, knowing you're at the point where it's inevitably unavoidable.
Brexit deal: "It may well be that the public has had a taste of Brexit a... via
What would you expect from Trump. However could we swap Brexit for something else constitutional. Would it be possible to get a #peoplesvote with Remain. Remain wins. Then moving to making the UK a fully federal Gov, PR. Making Westminster England's parliament, UK new parliament
Great Britain is letting itself down the toilet after brexit set Donald Tusk: via
Can we all please agree that #BREXIT is a pipe dream and a joke. We are all a bit sick of hearing about it.
Hate to admit it, but... the big tangerine galoot may be right.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Saideman's Semi-Spew: The Reverse Groucho Rule and Brexit
Trump: PM’s Brexit deal ‘great’ for EU but not UK-US trade
Any #ghost #girl-friend from any corner in this &amp; globe is welcome to #chat and #chil #Brexit
This would be painful and pointless for anyone in favour of a no-deal Brexit: for them, the only person worse than May would be Corbyn.
Robert Peston thinks people should be concerned that the PM's Brexit deal means the UK can't trade with the US! LOL! For realz! I can't even. Chalk another one up in the retard column. They're all coming out of the woodwork today.
Yes ‘Brexit dividends’ like higher production and export costs which then leads to lay offs. British tax payers paying more than they had to and also those same ship building companies being unable to use E.U. procurement rules to bid on contracts in other E.U. states.
Can't people see how stupid they've been? But actually, I don't blame them. I blame the lying press and certain social media platforms. Things must change. #peoplesvote
How will Brexit impact scientific funding in the UK?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
funny how euthanasia remains illegal in the uk but it’s okay to push brexit through
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Absolutely spot on
“Brexit means Brexit” vs. “Jobs-first Brexit” I can hardly wait
Theresa May’s offer of a State Visit to Donald Trump was the worst bribe since her offer of £1bn to the DUP.
Currencies: Dollar bounces at start of headline-heavy week featuring Brexit, G-20 #WallSt November 26, 2018
Add to the chorus of skeptics about Theresa May's Brexit plan. He says he's concerned it won't allow a US-UK trade deal: "I don't think they meant that. I don't think that the prime minister meant that. And hopefully, she'll be able to do something about that."
Please dear John, do tell him Brexit is crumbling and won’t damage this country anymore, tell him all the lies are coming out and very soon we will see the lying Brextremist swindlers getting their comeuppance. Tell him we All say he is the biggest hero in our hearts. ##FBPE
Corbyn slams May for 'ploughing on' with Brexit in 'act of national self-harm'
Fake news ...... EU has much to lose by this ending in a no deal
GOOD
Says it all. #DitchTheDeal #StandUp4Brexit
Theresa May's Brexit deal will cost £1,090 for every person in the UK, shock research claims today.
#Trump will gladly collude in a no-deal #Brexit, thinking he's scoring a point on the #EU, imperiling the GFA in the process. Also, May might not call a GE just bc the deal is toast in the Commons. This could freeze the clusterf*ck that is UK politics until the New Year.
*BOOM* What a good piece of news for #TheresaMay! and the rest of the #Brexiteers!!! #StopBrexitNow
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade #sky #news
So looks like this Brexit deal will be rejected ? So where do we go from there only one way stay in the EU. The EU are not going to give us any better &amp; we must remember that we decided to leave. The choice is clear stay in the EU or leave without anything then what?
"There might not have been a method in her madness. But there sure as hell was a madness in her method." #TheresaMay
“Punishment beatings”. There you go - that’s what Corbynites think we want to inflict. No wonder we cannot vote labour until they change their attitude and policies.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
we who won in 1066 wasn't actually there but pretty sure it wasn't the English some fella from France we William the Conqueror I think.
Mr May wouldn't allow her Brexit Sec's Plan to be put forward so of course her plan is the nay one on the table. Try putting some thought into it man
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs... She’s a vicars daughter. Naive patsy. Remove her... NOW!
For the record I won’t watch this Punch and Judy show unless you get some people on who really understand Brexit &amp; the will of the people ie
Excess free movement?? What a load of crap you are spewing Faragi.....to you one person coming here, that is not of your ilk, is 'in excess to requirement'...what a moron you are....
You just don't get Brexit do you? Don't worry. Neither does Mrs May.
Its like that monty python dead parrot sketch - but then whats to be expected of conservatives and Treeza May ...absolute bullshitters!
We want to take your fish voila. - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
BREXIT: Divorce papers signed, now battle moves to Parliament
A trap , a bot was caught in a trap. I think Brexit politics will be laughing at this tweet, cupcake.
"A fortune". Tell me, how much does a full package for Sky or Virgin cost per month?
Corbyn's Brexit Dividend Hypocrisy via
Sky News: Brexit deal: How the numbers stack up against Theresa May. via
Of course no better deal is int he table but does anyone really think that Uk will get a deal should it have more time??
A great #Brexit deal for the #EU but not so good for the #UK who may not be able to do a deal to trade with the #US... sounds like May has err, achieved err, nowt. That *special relationship * right there. Early ‘screw you’ negotiating?
Please sign my petition and get help put some pressure on to be a bit more honest about the real effects of her Brexit deal...
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
Yes, ok, but what about this brexit shambles? Pressing for general election is no response to voting down draft withdrawal agreement leaving the country with nothing. What happens with brexit whilst election runs that may/may not result in labour in power. what if you don’t win?
A warning to any Labour Mp that tonight agrees to vote For 's Deal this includes my Mp you will not be forgiven for Betraying the British People and Will loose your seats at your next election!!! #Brexit #Labour
W T actual F
Well that will be chlorinated chicken suppers aff the menu #brexit #indyref2
He’s only reiterating what said earlier today which was that we may not be able to strike our own independent trade deals. #Brexit
Currencies: #Dollar bounces at start of headline-heavy week featuring Brexit, G-20 #marketwatch #finance #news
The UK parliament will vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal on December 11. 's write up of the beleaguered PM's defence of her unpopular divorce arrangement with the EU
Most sensible thing: revoke Article 50. Now that everyone understands the reality of Brexit - why not? No-one actually wants to Leave now really. Best thing, revoke, avoid wasted years. Simple.
Since the British #Brexit referendum Investors withdrew more than $ 1 trillion Of funds targeting their shares,Investors continued to withdraw weekly,Since the date of Breakst in 2016,Their first destination was America And some positioning in Japan and emerging markets #GBPUSD
On the basis that the EU has said there is no option for further negotiation surely the only options left are the ones outlined by the PM: her deal, no deal or no Brexit. Hasn’t the time passed when we could have looked at Noway, Canada, Swiss style arrangements?
Yes, vox pop is ideal for getting people to say we're bored with brexit, she's got a deal, let's just leave. Seen a few already. They probably read the big circulation Express, Mail etc which now have the same "get on with it message" The plan is working.
May's deal is utter garbage. Everyone knows it.
Yes and it seems like sport for some. How disgusting, I could never see a man being treated like this! I guess she is deemed and old, a women and therefore lets annihilate her!!
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via
Without your scripted autocue...? I have already answered that question!? 'In the National Interest..'? I know what the people want..'? #brexitshambles
Yes... ask Julian to come out in support of a NO DEAL in the British Brexit negotiations!.. get his name back up on the world stage and secure his freedom just the same as ours!
#writerslife #amwriting #amwritingfantasy #Labour #Tories #Liberals Would I trust the BBC to hold a public debate; NO; the BBC would want to hold a West End Show where their Reporters dance around on previously decided themes!
Terrible people who want to stop Brexit.
Potentially good news and I don't think that another two weeks will make any difference to May's desperate tactics. In fact, the way things are going she'd be better calling the vote asap as every day that passes brings more problems. So, let's hope she dithers even more.
NATIONAL NEWS: Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Fu*king love the real DJ Trump. Best US president ever.
Appeaser Theresa: Back My Brexit Deal or It’s ‘Back to Square One’
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Spoiler for those who need it: I will not be following the example of the "person" who "wrote" this "letter".
Why the Treasury’s Brexit forecasts will be almost irrelevant - “Because what the Treasury has modelled is not the deal actually struck on Sunday by Theresa May, but her Chequers plan.” Seriously.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Gulp.
That is a good proposal. Early in the Brexit debate I made the argument the transitional controls granted to older MS on migration from the A8 states in 2004 was an example of limiting FoM within the EU. Yes, it was intended as a one-off but it showed the rule wasn't inviolable.
He can't debate her on Brexit - he agrees with her. Nothing good will come from this spectacle. They're about as informed &amp; insightful on Brexit as a typical Question Time audience, all soundbites, slogans &amp; myths. or however would eviscerate her
Even I was a little embarrassed TBH.
Important paper: Did austerity cause #Brexit? Yes it did! "Support for UKIP … strongly and causally associated with an individual’s or an area’s exposure to austerity since 2010."
It is such a special relationship! #Brexit
Let's face it you're an over the hill musician, who is basking in Jeremy #Corbyn's reflected limelight. As a matter of extreme disinterest, what do you think makes you an expert in matters like #BREXIT? Or are you espousing Burgon's view on the death of experts?
The relationship between UK/US has always fluctuated. However, the promise of certain trade as a sign of deference to the US in the geo-political order, should not be seen as the total capitulation by May to the EU. Neither was there any requirement to cede swathes of sovereignty
No surrender, not ever, no deal
The short, sharp shock of no-deal Brexit
This can only be unbiased if it isn’t handled by the BBC . You can’t beat someone if the person interviewing favours one of the candidates!
We've been put on notice since December 2016 by Trump's commerce Secretary of their helpful approach to Brexit.
Brexit deal vote date confirmed in House of Commons as December 11
this clip is a visual representation of brexit
Dehydrated Zombie Brexit via
And Brexit
So Now the Russians Are Behind Brexit? via
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal//Whay kind of stupid woman risks this worth a fortune stop worrying about mates like Branson they will use then lose you
Air ambulance collected my friend from the hills in Spain after he fell. No charge for any of his care including surgery. We were on holiday from UK but reciprocal care for EU nationals meant €0 charge. What will brexit do to this?
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
Watch Brittain become the most powerful economy in the World in the next 10years. Mark these Words.
#peoplesvote. There you have it. #mogg #boris #brexit #brexitdeal
You've a quare neck on ye Nigel. Accusing anyone of not listening.
It's a god awful small affair,Brexit i mean.
via Farage’s SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal #UK_News
Trump just dropped a rhetorical bomb on Theresa May's efforts to get Brexit deal through parliament by saying it "sounds like a great deal" for the EU. As deal stands, “they may not be able to trade with us,” Trump told reporters. “I don’t think the prime minister meant that”
Cornwall Council politicians asked to back People's Vote on #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit Update
Yes... ask Julian to come out in support of a NO DEAL in the British Brexit negotiations!.. get his name back up on the world stage and secure his freedom just the same as ours!
Philip Hammond &amp; Co. want to keep us in Customs Union #Norway Plus (what is it?) #EFTA that includes accepting #FreedomofMovement ! doh! #Brexit #Betrayal #UK
Leave. Pay them nothing. Sign trade deals with other countries #Brexit
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected: May -
Why is always the tories giving away British sovereignty to the eu???
Probably because she IS the Brexit opposition...
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
It’s ok he’ll change his mind by midnight, then he may ask what brexit is, or even perhaps whether the UK is in Asia.
Scrutinise it all you like. She is in no position to be choosy. Take it or leave it. Your opinions are irrelevant. Whatever you think is a good deal will never be sanctioned by EU. #Brexit
If this happens we still need to know why it wasn't considered as the most sensible option immediately after the vote &amp; why we wasted so much time &amp; money on an impossible hard #brexit
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Sadiq Khan: Erect a Statue of Steve Bray (Mr Shouty Stop Brexit man) on the 4th Plinth in Trafalgar Sq - Sign the Petition! via
Making a case for her deal, my word how deluded are these people clearly we were all born yesterday this isn’t a deal it’s an abomination - vote it down, take her and the deal out of office!
Were you on the right side of history from 2010 to 2015 - I think not. By propping up the appalling Cameron government you facitlitated his idiotic referendum. Charlie Kennedy must be spinning in his grave.
chaos on the streets of france, chaos about to hit great britain due to brexit. the world won!
Can see why he took this approach but dangerous given so many of his supporters are against Brexit - will that disappointment lead them to turn against him and support someone who is equally anti-Brexit?
I like cruel. Stamp on her! xx
Yeah, because according to , Brexit isn't anything to do with domestic policies. What with all the foreigners and all.
Anyone feel like joining me on a Brexit free day on Facebook tomorrow by not creating, forwarding, commenting or liking any Brexit posts for 24 hours? It might turn out to be fake news?
Leave it Theresa, it’s not worth it
Yes the time has come to ignore #corbyn
PM confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Mrs May has a closed mind...………….. today she was brave in Parliament almost tearful but unable to grasp the bigger picture...she went back to her original mantra Brexit means Brexit or I'm strong and stable but she is not !
But brexit isn't paedophilia or rape????
Has it ever occurred to you that Brexit may just make things ever so worse?
Sending the money back to a united Ireland post-Brexit
Mate ,our politicians are all dodgy as f#ck, who would run this Brexit utopia, with unicorns and fluffy clouds laden with ex EU cash.?
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
what is being proposed will not get through the HOC .. If you voted for Brexit you should expect to get Brexit. what happens if you change your mind again after another REF .. ? how many Ref would you Like .. ? Europe is changing just as fast as the UK look at the riots in Fra.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Hillary said to send them back to teach them a lesson and she also said to stop immigration in Europe because she didn't want to piss off the Nazis.
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade Donald have a word with appeaser may
More bad news for Theresa May #Trump #TrumpBrexit #BrexitAgreement #BrexitShambles #BrexitReality #Brexit
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May's Disappointing Brexit Deal... via
I’ve suspected for a while his gameplan is to try and torpedo May’s Withdrawal Agreement, use that to bring down the government and then sail to power fulminating about the disaster of ‘Tory Brexit’ while sniggering behind his hand and drawing up plans to nationalise everything.
I have finally found a silver lining!!!
Abd see if we can qualify for foreign aid from EU.
We Blocked RT and do the same and remove the smug smile off the sycophant. #trump #royals #celebrity #gmb #itv. 1 block and counting #brexit
NI firms 'cannot cope with no-deal #Brexit'
What happens next? The five Brexit scenarios
There's no #BREXIT like no brexit like no brexit like none
Original Brexit research, facts and news from official sources in UK and EU, 21-30 Nov 2018
British parliament vote on Brexit deal to be held on Dec 11
Wait a minute... did the US President just endorse a no-deal #Brexit? Oh boy...
I find the demand for a 2nd referendum (with a no-#Brexit option) to be disrespectful of democracy. That said, almost half the country won't be represented unless an explicit #Remainer is on the debate.
Totally agree!
But where does he stand on brexit..?!
Cameron and team took over and made it a Tory only campaign.
UKIP: RT mikehookemmep: Reason number 7991 to scrap May's horrible deal. Walk away, regain our sovereignty and independence. Trade freely with the world.
Look up Rory Stewart and Bilderberg he’s a club member and will behind the Scenes fight hammer n Tong to Stop Brexit. Utter Pro Eu.
if i weren't looking at the broader picture, i'd oppose you to the core. &amp; you shouldn't expect this way from every person i don't want #SinnFéin to overrule your existence by merely some view of #LGBT. which i saw by myself exploited by them many times against you #Brexit
Brexit deal: How the numbers stack up against Theresa May
Trump might be a tool, but he's just proven that he is brighter than and any MP who backs her batshit #Brexit deal.......
WHY ARE WE STILL WAITING ?? 'GET OVER IT!' Furious Britons are 'fed up' of Brexit and want UK out of EU NOW FURIOUS Britons have said they are “fed up” of Brexit and want people to stop moaning and “just get out” of the European Union.
BREXIT Option 2.
Highly significant that the President of the most powerful economy in the world has said what ALL our Members of Parliament should have said when Mrs May first announced the outcome of her amateur bumbling. Oh for a UK Donald Trump!
Rushing over there to clutch his tiny paw really did a world of good, eh? With friends like these...
What the Sydney Opera House teaches us about Brexit #kbrs this is excellent -- think of it as a large govt project. What could go wrong? Lots.
11th of December is the big day- the 'meaningful vote' on the Brexit deal will follow 5 days of parliamentary debate
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The Cabinet Office has published a policy note seeking views on the government’s proposed approach to public procurement post-Brexit, in particular on electronic invoicing in public procurement. Please follow this link: #uk #ukgovernment #procurement
OMG he is a total coward. He should just tell everyone “I want Brexit and I always have done.” He is not a leader by any stretch of the imagination.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Brexit was a project designed to quiet the ERG in the Tory party to reduce the risk of a party split. No one thought leave would win and the party remains completely split so the PM cannot go back to the people in case the Tories split. All of this just to keep a party in power.
Fascinating !
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s Brexit “betrayal” via
He’s thick as mince...he can’t help it.
In search of #Brexit Plan B
Good point but as we know she is just a puppet for the NWO and therefore she is just a salesperson for the Elite .... We lost our democracy a long time ago ... 2 party politics always different views at voting but same outcome same agenda afterwards....
And yes Cameron was completely wrong using the prat Obama in project fear.
We chose Brexit not because it is easy, but because it is hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win
We've been royally shafted. We need to napalm the political landscape of the UK and start again, whatever happens with Brexit.
As usual is correct
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
It just shows that Trump does not understand things either. Of course we can trade with the US. We do now, and we could do after May’s shambolic Brexit. What we will not be able to easily do is enter into a US-centric trade-rule system where the US dictate the terms to us.
Currencies: Dollar bounces at start of headline-heavy week featuring Brexit, G-20
Currencies: Dollar bounces at start of headline-heavy week featuring Brexit, G-20
Has Macron put the final nail in the coffin of this Brexit deal? His unpardonable threat over fishing have certainly swung me anyway.
There can be no doubt Theresa May’s deal would leave us with the worst of all worlds. No say over future rules and no certainty for the future. Even the...
In her new #brexit thumb screwing operation no doubt
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Norway Plus CU Aka pointless Brexit to Remainers Aka vassalage to Brexiters
#Brexit: to British MPs ''We will be an independent coastal country once again ''. ,what happened to the diversity you are preaching to Nigeria?
The deal means ending FOM, leaving the SM, leaving the CU, and leaving the EU. It’s hard brexit. What are you all moaning about?
May's Brexit withdrawl deal? Bangle it.
NEWS: Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Sounds good, but all you're actually doing is facilitating Brexit. A bad deal for the country and a bad look for Labour.
Brexit means back to the 1950s but I'm still amazed that this guy has as many as 66 followers
The Independent: Brexit vote date on Theresa May's deal confirmed as MPs from all sides condemn it. via
Typical Remainers sad and delusional.
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
Business groups react to draft #Brexit deal What are your thoughts on the draft Brexit deal? How do you think it will effect #UK businesses? #EastMidsHour #EnglandBiz
No, we can’t do a meaningful FTA with the US (or any country) while we’re locked into a customs union with the EU. We have May’s non-Brexit to thank for this lunacy.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
No. I haven’t seen it. I’m a Remainer. I don’t want Brexit at all. I see Brexit as a culmination of the neoliberal politics and economics of the last 38 years. Corbyn and Labour are the first (and probably only) chance to change this. Powerful forces want to stop Labour...
Well done trump. Bit like #Brexit really. Utter shambles. General Motors set to shed 14,700 jobs as slowing sales and steel tariffs bite
Brexit: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50 if MPs want to - The Independent
This is simply unhelpful. This isn't about 1 person, or 1 party -it's about the people of Scotland getting another opportunity to make a decision based on *current* information - I don't give a toss what happened in 2014, frankly. This is about now. #ScotRef #IndyRef2
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
62% of your constituents backed Brexit. Yet here you are towing Labour’s party line that we should seek to remain in the SM and CU. And therefore the EU! Shame on you
Illustration: Iwan Bala on Brexit
£100bn Per year, not just 100bn total
Yes, that must have been somewhat unnerving for TM. Maybe she just wants to be the next Brexit minister?
The clues were there. #brexit
Thank you #RejectTheDeal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
So I drum this message home to young people. They wanted you to vote in the EU referendum for the same reason they want a "People's vote". Not because they are confident in your intelligence, but because they are confident that media and entertainment has you under thumb. #Brexit
No Brexit would have been a good shout but we don't all get what we want
This deal doesn't settle Brexit though. It leaves the on going struggle between you, your ERG colleagues &amp; Labour's internal wrangling wide open to make as much of a mess of the next stage negotiating our future relationship as they have this part. &amp; this was the easy bit!
But it is sooooo obvious that we are heading for a no deal brexit, surely the public weren’t informed enough last time so now we’re at the cliff edge should we vote for this half brexit deal
Donald Trump rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit agreement: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'
Well
Brexit deal explained: backstops, trade and citizens' rights
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
trying to organise conflict and confrontation because there is a people’s march regarding the Brexit betrayal What does think of his Mp breeding such a march or was this vetoed by you Jeremy
Black Friday....more like Madness Monday! Anyone who votes for this crap needs shock therapy....which will come if approved and the results come in over the next 5 to 10 years.
Party before country could turn out to be a pretty silly decision if they fail to get elected.
The world is watching
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
They probably could..... because most of them know that Brexit is indivisible from sovreignty.
What's the point of watching them debate over minor points?? Both still going to force us to go through with Brexit
Not just Brexit. She’s equally fixated on a 10k immigration target that everyone else knows is unachievable.
not interested in the bloke who posted the rant on Brexit deal ..its the only copy I could find #BREXIT
Don't abstain, vote ForBritain or UKIP every chance you get. Leavers must deprive Labour and the Tories of every one of their 17.4M+ votes and support the parties that genuinely want a real Brexit with no dodgy deal, no golden goodbyes and no EU strings attached.
Another betrayal by Westminster &amp; UK Tory Govt. Why's Scots media not questioning Tories Davidson &amp; Mundell about this disgraceful betrayal? They've plenty to say most of time #Scotland #Brexit
By envisaging that future agreement when/if negotiated could subsequently be ‘loosened’ - a prospect thrown as red meat to Brexiters - May makes even stronger the criticism that the political declaration is a ‘blindfold Brexit’. What we get in 2,4,6 years is not final destination
Yet you still support this Prime Minister? I’m frankly fed up of politicians talking about it and doing absolutely nothing. You fit into that category. I hope others will remember your lack of action! Talk is cheap... #Brexit
1: It's not #Brexit 2: I would rather back a three legged horse in the Grand National. 3: #maymustgo
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
UK News - Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament #businessNews November 25, 2018
“Some Brexiteers favour a radical response: get rid of all tariffs on imports, as Hong Kong, Macao and Singapore have done.” I’m among them. Shouldn’t a magazine committed to free trade favour such a policy? Subsidies can smooth the transition.
POWB.....Pissed Off With Brexit
Pity this is only half the quote
Or 60 former British territories that went on to become independent nations. None have ever looked back. Scotland is a sovereign nation currently in a voluntary political union with the rest of the UK. We’ll choose to leave because of the hellish Tory Brexit being foisted on us.
Ohhhh it couldn't get worse for Treeza....oh it can..... popcorn at the ready
Worth your time.
forget all this #Brexit nonsense the real important question today is .... has been invited to the #curryoscars ?
Douglas Adams Brexit /1 In the beginning Brexit was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
RE #Brexit 'Looks like #WTO old chap' Yes old boy looks like the old girl has got it wrong' 'A weak (sic) pm is a long time (2 years) in politics' 'Not forgetting corbyn' 'Oh yes I had forgotten that... [insert expletive]'
If the deal gets voted down and parliament will block a ‘no deal brexit’ there is only two options left, revoke Article 50 or a people’s vote with option to remain.
Love it! Takes to tell it as it is! It's a total #sellout by the #tories #Brexit #outmeansout not in.
The decision was not made by MPs as the PM constantly tells us, why then do some believe it is their decision now? #PeoplesVote
Brexit: Sammy Wilson will not say sorry for ‘puppet’ remarks Read more at:
[SKY] PM confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Now's the chance. Grab no deal with both hands.
May’s Brexit deal quietly gambles with our rights at work #EU #Employment #WorkersRights
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
#Brexit deal is not good for UK but is awesome for EU. May is not strong enough to get a better deal, she has accepted defeat. Time for her to go
Debunking The "EU Or Chaos" Brexit Narrative | Zero Hedge
Another betrayal by Westminster &amp; UK Tory Govt. Why's Scots media not questioning Tories Davidson &amp; Mundell about this disgraceful betrayal? They've plenty to say most of time #Scotland #Brexit
Almost a year ago in a letter to The Herald I predicted that Britain will not leave the EU "the more you look at the all the ramifications of Brexit, the more you realise that trying to leave the EU makes no sense to the UK on commercial, social or environmental grounds"
As time rolls on, I think that the chances of leaving diminish by the day. Or am I being overly hopeful? I cannot see how we can accept the current deal or crashing out of the EU. Both are simply ridiculous options for the UK.
I dont think enough leavers realised that the 2017GE result knocked a ‘hard’ Brexit (as it was dubbed) on the head. After that it was always going to be some variant of a ‘softer’ form of Brexit. Best to be grateful for what we have got, rather than moaning about what we havent.
What the #British people want is an honest clean #Brexit, with no strings attached, and a leader that will fulfil it, that was voted for in the referendum !.
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
Douglas Adams Brexit /2 Many Brexiteers believe that it was created by some sort of God, though the Jatravartid people of Viltvodle VI believe that the entire Universe was in fact sneezed out of the nose of a being called the Great Purple Nigelseizure.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
"Seven, seven and a half. Maybe seven."
The latest S.O.T.P. Daily! Thanks to #ukraine #brexit
This.
The first vulture circles....:
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Boris wants to junk the backstop? That’s one way to prevent unwanted pregnancies with a mistress, I guess...
Did anyone think Trump would be the slightest bit helpful?
Aaarrrghghhh!!!
There goes the 'not so special relationship' ...
Sigh I need a passport next year if I wanna travel to UK n I genuinely cba paying for this so idk brexit supporters hmu n pay for it for me lmao iz your fault
Another gem from the pages of the Daily Telegraph the people who bring you #Brexit.
Is Theresa May the best person to secure the most positive Brexit deal for Britain?
ALL of them are true. Where have you been? This isn't Brexit in any way. It's a soft Remain
It really is odd to demand more powers and then not use them
Putin’s puppet continues to undermine and divide US allies.
Op-ed . Negotiations have been a rude awakening for #Brexit supporters.
Take our #Brexit survey now and tell us what you make of May's deal
Full agenda for 's LEAD 2019 event focuses on trust, trade and transformation. Get the full story: #advertising #brexit
This is so British :-)
This is a first for me...but Trump says this.
Well knock me down with a feather, I'll go ta't foot of our stairs!
This post made me laugh. Even though May and Brexit are no laughing matters.
British folks you gotta convince your MPs to stop #Brexit by 11 December! Go and campaign!
The varying responses from brexit to bubonic plague is amusing too tbf
Can you direct us to where the Labour Brexit Policy is different to what is on offer from the Tories?
Not mine. She’d get earache if she did.
I think she should trend every day as we all remind oorselves that she's still deed.
Marches are okay for what difference they make - zilch. The world looked at the Remainier march as the longest ever q 4 Waitrose. The Brexit march ditto 4 Poundland. A proper march on London should last for a couple of months . That WILL make a difference.
What's on the horizon for the UK? #AUSIS Professor Garret Martin weighs in on #Brexit negotiations during a discussion with from .
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller | Opinion | The Guardian
Divorce papers signed, now Brexit battle moves to Parliament - ABC News (via )
Interesting analysis of the effect of #Brexit on the British Economy done by Important for MPs to bare this in mind when they are considering the way to proceed!
They are all raving mad. All polls are showing that there is no appetite for her deal. It is her deal not with Brexit in mind but about a future time to rejoin
Varadkar calls on Sinn Fein to resign seats in Westminster ahead of Brexit vote
[BLOG] Why the Treasury’s Brexit forecasts will be almost irrelevant |
Well I’ll admit it’s 2 minutes and we cut some shrugging. Some of my qs are still in there. I started by asking everyone how do you think the PM is doing on Brexit....and what do you make of her deal?
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
Only also wants brexit We need a #PeoplesVote #optiontoremain NOW Nothing else will do
I will. In a country divided into 3, remain , leave and the middle ground (soft Brexit) she is always going to make 2/3rds of the country unhappy. If she goes, whoever takes over, regardless of which of the three options they adopt, they will have the same issue.
NATIONAL NEWS: Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
I'm about to watch Newcastle v Burnley. Brexit in a football match.
He has as much right as you or me to have an opinion on Brexit. What he doesn't have is the right to be abusive to a whole group of people because a few of the are idiots.
#Pound continues to coil in the longer term wedge that's been building for the past couple months and this has held through a variety of developments on the #Brexit front Long term support is around 23.6% #FinbonacciRetracement of the Brexit move:
PM confirms #Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
PM confirms #Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Or maybe the PM could give us the #peoplesvote
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Online Scottish nationalists. The nastiest scumbags around. #Brexit remainers... Hold my pint.
Trouble is, will deliver this steaming Mr Whippy of a Brexit to the nation’s desk then fuck off to somewhere that isn’t completely buggered, in the style of the unceasingly smarmy .
And they are going to trust her to make a good Brexit deal...
How #Brexit works:
Hard Brexit would make us vulnerable to the US taking advantage.
"If May loses the meaningful vote by more than 100 MPs ... then she would be in resignation territory."
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Farage’s shock #Brexit warning as he reveals biggest problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
The DUP is now engaged in a damage limitation exercise over Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Irony!!! £1 Million to better together campaign.
"The churches of the European Union, indeed the Churches of the world, should be united in communion, and not by a placeless bureaucracy of rules", writes
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Don;t allow Brexit to become your excuse for not making progress or any other excuse you come up with! #networxhour
BBC lunch time news, soundbites from those supporting the deal, Gove, Rudd, &amp; interview with Starmer &amp; views of 'Peoples Vote' types. Mention of crashing out, walk around Leeds Market to speak to ppl who just want it over. No interview/soundbites from pro Brexit ppl. BBC Balance?
Genuine question. Can any Brexit legal eagle help? May states Canada+++ won't work as it still requires a backstop. The backstop is only to be used until there is a trade deal in place. Canada+++ is a trade deal, why then would we still need a backstop?
yeah yeahh yeah ... expensive toys for big boys. Let's focus on the BIG STUFF... BREXIT IS GOING TO COST US £100 BILLION !
Theresa May’s Brexit proposal is uniting Brits across the political divide: They all hate it.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
EU leaders implore UK MPs to back #Brexit deal, from in -
It could also pay for 5.7 million state pensions, 100 million children to receive free school meals or could run the NHS for 117 days (4 months) #Brexit
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
"Apparently the EU made you shy" Perhaps the fact I lived in NI during a period where British jingoistic arrogance met Irish jingoistic arrogance and it led to bloodshed as people donned khakis and shot their riffles ... put me off this Brexit/Irexit nonsense. My fellow European
mars landing was amazing and Donald Duck put out a statement about brexit. Says it all
It’s funny that people still think that the Tories are “delivering Brexit”
UK citizens could not have known the long term implications &amp; damage a pro Brexit vote would bring - and many who voted leave did so out of political manipulation, ignorance, naivety, xenophobia and now generations to come could face the dire consequences of this bad decision
Farage’s shock #Brexit warning as he reveals biggest problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
A date that will go down in infamy. “Infamy, infamy, they’ve all got it in for me” - still the best Carry On line ever. Think I’ll get in first and do the screenplay for the great CO Brexit treatise: Carry On off the Cliff-Edge or Carry On Impoverishing or maybe; aw fuck-it...
Brexit: European court rejects British expats' referendum challenge
Aneurin Bevan. With all this nonsense and carnage that Brexit it causing, talk and campaigning for Brexit was heavily focused on the NHS. In honor of the NHS, I can see no more a fitting a tribute than to the man who helped to establish the NHS for all the people of the UK.
Labour caught in a huge lie (AGAIN!!!) over Brexit and immigration. They want to keep it quiet - so RT this video!
Donald Trump rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit agreement: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'
*POLL* May has agreed 2 years of the status quo. If (very likely) we don’t agree a trade deal in that time, we extend the ‘transition’ ad infinitum or enter a backstop prison where EU sets the rules &amp; we’ve no influence at all. She wants you to agree as you’re ‘bored with Brexit’
Back to the back of the line (Back stop to the back stop)
If Trump had just criticized the deal it would not matter very much. The fact that he is linking it to the US-UK FTA will damage Theresa May. Relations between the US and UK are the worst they've been since Suez.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
As I said earlier, Theresa May's Brexit deal reverses Tory political philosophy. #c4news #marr #Ridge #bbcqt
HE'S NOT WRONG. BREXIT IS A MESS.
We already trade with the US. We exported more than £50bn in 2017. What mushroom man chatting about?
Myself asking the former Permanent Secretary to HM Treasury and current senior advisor to Santander, The Rt. Hon The Lord Burns, for his thoughts on Brexit and how he believes the Prime Minister’s proposed deal would affect the economy.
Another betrayal by Westminster &amp; UK Tory Govt. Why's Scots media not questioning Tories Davidson &amp; Mundell about this disgraceful betrayal? They've plenty to say most of time #Scotland #Brexit
Just my 2cents: This whole debate about a second Brexit referendum which would be "non-democratic" because "people of britan have expressed their choice". Well, Actually they said they wanted to leave the EU, fair enough. (1/2) #brexit #BrexitDeal #PMQs
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed Personally I think it's time May stepped down before she'd forced to, at least she'll go with a modicum of self-respect rather than kicking, screaming and taking the Tories with her.
Brits had a Vote; it was called the #EUReferendum; you LOST is a spent force; irrelevant #BREXIT NOW Ta!
#Brexit deal may make trade between #UK and US more difficult, President #Trump
It’s not Brexit. Brexit has many long term positives. Mays deal will be historic for crushing the U.K.
#Brexit deal may make trade between #UK and US more difficult, President #Trump
If the backstop were to come into effect it would make a comprehensive free trade agreement with the US difficult, yes.
Well, stick that in your pipe and smoke it Mr Fox. Brexit, the gift that keeps on giving.
Neither . We voted Brexit not stay or Corbyn
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Highlights my belief that Brexit will be the excuse for #austerity to be reimposed.
Unsurprising that Labour would do something this contemptuous. Corbyn would want to talk about literally anything else that Brexit. He can hardly debate the matter with May when his stance is equally stupid.
How do you want to curb migration, which has been going on since the beginning of human history? Do you want to curb it by asking them nicely to return to their country which is being bombed by US bombs and please accept death as their lot? WTF?
Reality Check: Theresa May's #Brexit letter #BBCNews
I’m not going to get into another online Brexit argument. Sorry. I have my views &amp; you have yours Fair enough.
Because Corbyn wants a no deal Brexit at least as much as Mogg. He imagines that out if the resulting chaos he'll be able to impose his vision of a socialist utopia, circa 1972
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade - Reuters. #DumpTrump #Incompetent
Theresa May is self-serving &amp; lacks honesty, only thing she cares about is holding onto power.Selfishness is her weakness &amp; it is that which gave me a ray of hope that Brexit may be stopped the day she became PM.She's in it for herself,hence vulnerable to pressure.Lets pile it on
How is Theresa May still in situ? Sketch:
Saw you nodding like a demented car Churchill bulldog at every utterance of your beloved leader....tick tock untill next GE
We should not listen to Trump on Brexit remember what he said America first &amp; when he makes a deal it is a good deal when he wins. So dont listen to this fake president he will not do the UK any favours dont trust him dont fall for it he will put America first . Fake.
True, but come Brexit you’ll have to forage in rich people’s bins for copper wire and good flex. (caveat; know nothing about how anything works)
'GET OVER IT!' Furious Britons are 'fed up' of Brexit and want UK out of EU NOW
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
The UK economy will be 4% smaller in ten years' time if PM May's Brexit deal is implemented, according to thinktank the National Institute for Economic and Social Research (NIESR) #BrexitMadness #PeoplesVote
Unfortunately I don’t think brother shares the same views on #brexit &amp; #climatechange as his brother
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade #stopbrexit
Donald Trump is giving his opinions on the Brexit deal...and threatens that America might not trade with us.
But outfoxed Putin and united the entire West over Skripal. Then he disabled Russian spy network,FOR DECADES, diplomatic coup of the century. No comparison. #borisjohnson #boris johnson #Brexit
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
The Prime Minister starts a two week campaign to save her #Brexit withdrawal deal. Is her agreement as good as it gets? Or are there better options that should be seriously considered? See #scotnight at 10.30pm
Agree with you but labour just as bad if not worse. May doesn’t want Brexit and her plan shows it won’t happen. People who voted for Brexit surely wanted out and this deal is not out.
It’s a fantastic deal for the EU! Not just the US it’ll be more difficult to trade with....
#Trump says #Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
Brexit
Brexit does not mean brexit, then?
Quick catch up, still riddled, Thatchers still dead, brexit still means brexit, god save the queen. #HappyDays
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May's Disappointing Brexit Deal... via
Fleeing the field of their great brexit victory
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
He won, his boss has the only deal on the table. Move on Jake, you have Brexit.
This might swing the deal for Theresa............
EU leaders back Theresa May's Brexit deal in Brussels
LOOK AWAY NOW. DO NOT READ THIS TWEET. AND DEFINITELY DON'T CIRCULATE IT. Thanks.
The latest Giampaolo Poniciappi Press! Thanks to #implantfiles #brexit
ahhh... it just gets better.... my day is complete.
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via #usa
As the nation stands on the edge of the Brexit precipice a legend returns in our hour of need. Hopefully, with his NIPS checked.
The country needs BREXIT
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The best news I've heard since the start of this whole debacle
#Trump says #Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade - Sky News
In the face of impending doom and chaos does cheer me up!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Reality Check: Theresa May's #Brexit letter: - Reality Check: Theresa May's Brexit letter BBC… #News #Politics
Ministers consider backing 'Norway plus' as #Brexit plan B: - Ministers consider backing 'Norway… #News #Politics
Refusing our FM to debate PM May &amp; Mr Corbyn will be a terrible mistake which does nothing BUT recharging our batteries for #Indyref2 #Scotref.
Typical remainer behaviour. Rather than ask the guy why he thought Brexit was good, he just assumed his own view was superior, had a hissy fit &amp; called him a Nazi. Then went to the trouble of letting the guy's employer know. Nasty piece of work. Cretin.
No it was a shameful response. It’s not about how much eu citizens have contributed - its about the fact they’ve had the right to live here just as we have across Europe. But non Brits have become ‘them’ now. All the more infuriating as we need more ppl in Scotland
I didn't realise until today that we have our own fish! Amazing! Bloody French - they'll be trying to steal our birds next. After brexit our fish and birds will be safe - thank god!
Well, if it wasn't bad enough already ....
How #Brexit works:
No shit.
We should thank Nigel Farage for the great advice he has been providing...
I do care passionately about UK, and our Sovereignty, leaving with no deal WTO is the only way to break free from undemocratic EU, and give us the true Brexit we voted for, there will be problems at Borders and some economic meltdown, which will soon pass.
Absolute nonsense.....panic stations and total scare mongering! The United Kingdom is one of the most tolerant countries on the planet....a vote for Brexit is not a vote for the removal of rights for non UK citizens. It is a breather for the U.K. and will allow us to be selective
This puts me more in favour of #Brexit every day. let’s get out quick .
Though I would've voted to #leave the #EU, May's deal doesn't benefit anyone from both sides. Resign and get someone who is capable to do their job! #Brexit #Shambles
Did do donate £500k to Best for Britain after the Brexit vote, so stop Brexit.
Sadly PM blatantly ignoring the views, objections and opinions of several millions under the pretext of Brexit vote - common sense is utterly lacking
Its complicated I know, but on ballance I think a Labour gov more important than stopping brexit. The report says brexit MAY damage recruitment. With a Labour gov we could still attract the people needed. Reinstating burceries for one, abolishing tuitian fees for another.
Remember when the UK was going to go to "the front of the queue" for US trade deals after Brexit? Now Trump is saying we might not get any trade deal at all.
brexit as thatcher said below “I seem to hear the stench of appeasement in the air.” ~ Margaret Thatcher, 1990 #brexit #thatcher #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Easiest deal in history, didn’t age too quickly...
I bet you could. It still ain't brexit though..
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
To get a better Brexit deal, the UK needs a leader with balls.
Milly, I just wish would give a clearer transparent view on #Brexit
With friends like these... #PeoplesVote
UK citizens voted for their country to trade freely across the world. terrible #Brexit deal won't allow that. She doesn't represent the majority. #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo
Check out ’s Tweet:
Where’s the lie?
Frankly, as far as I am concerned, it won't be a true Brexit unless it includes filling in the Channel Tunnel.
I think this is true!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
You remainers really know how to mess the prospects of the UK, You have made us the laughing stock of the world. You are not fit for public office.
The #Brexit thing could result in a general election and a bloody hard #Brexit if they don't watch out. And this mob is more interested in bloody #MarsLanding
THINK the should be reminded that it will be REMAINER MPs that will lose their seats in brexit voting areas - SKY POLL 63% think there should be a no deal rep at the debate rather then the 2 leaders who voted remain
So maddening, and all because a bunch of pampered public school boys lied their well-fed arses off.
She is a bungled alright
Let's be honest, it's pretty clear we're heading for a "no deal" &amp; a hard Brexit... Kinda like being stood on the viewing deck of the Titanic &amp; staring at the iceberg ahead, knowing you're at the point where it's unavoidable &amp; despite anyone's best efforts, you're gonna hit it..
What MPs should be doing is implementing what the Electorate voted for couldn't be plainer LEAVE THE EU This was in your Manifesto out of the EU CU/SM. So what is your problem. If you go against this then we need a GE to rid ourselves of the undemocratic so called Political Elite
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Wan Bissaka is going to be in huge demand if there are squad restrictions in a post-Brexit EPL. Would like to have them both.
Do you really want a foreign leader commenting on this? Wasn’t Brexit about taking back control? Why would you want America having a say?
Hard Brexit then
Provide your source for this figure, otherwise we'll just put your comment in the Brexit box.
and make-up artists!
Um, didn't she say the opposite in 2016?
Is it carrying Mays Brexit deal?
Brexit: UK PM May to warn MPs - back the deal or there'll be more uncertainty &amp; division #Bitcoin #Btc #Cryptocurrency
Of course the UK will be able to trade with the US. It is able to trade with it now, isn’t it?
I've just found the Goose Fat information service's website... And guess what? IT'S ALL MADE IN THE EU!! No deal brexit means no goose fat roasties. #remain
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US, Trump says
There is solidarity among environmental organisations in Europe on what’s needed for the environment in Europe and on the island of Ireland in the context of #Brexit.
Increasing concerns about Brexit. Think we need to think about the best way forward for Scotland’s future. Children and grandchildren. Notwithstanding your political views we need to consider the best way forward. Thought BBCs interview with Barnier did not help .....
Ministers consider backing 'Norway plus' as #Brexit plan B: - Ministers consider backing 'Norway… #News #Politics
Trump: PM's #Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade: - Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for… #News #Politics
MBB President says Maltese business must be ready for Brexit #Brexit #business
Trust him to be a friend when in need? Special relationship?
Corbyn is not on the right side, well unless you want Brexit, the man is a wet fart just trying to fool both leave and remain into voting for him, but it’s just not working as people know his history on EU.
94 MPs will vote against May's "deal". Well, that was earlier today. How many more after Trump's statement?
Confused about Brexit? Here's what you need to know #Brexit #BrexitDeal
The latest The Blickrichter Daily! Thanks to #implantfiles #brexit
MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December will December be the end of May?!
Not to be difficult but I'd prefer heelys, a German shepherd and a pedalo. But I'm on board with the concept.
There wouldn't have been a Brexit only for the misinformation of the brexiteers campaign before the referendum.
Block Brexit
Can we presume you will be submitting your letter now then? Or will you STILL be sitting on the fence as the country burns? #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo
Let’s just become part of the USA....the people voted for Brexit, haha, and Brexiteers are in bed with Trumpism as evidenced by their meetings with Bannon and Trump. We can then privatise the NHS, destroy welfare state &amp; minimise worker’s rights. Wonderful hey!
lol I'm having sponsored ads from 10 Downing Street promoting their Brexit deal I can't
Thanks. They're a fresh produce grower &amp; currently they import circa 70% into the UK. I'm going over to conduct a full operational review with a view to divising &amp; implementing a plan to protect the business from any changes resultant from #Brexit. 420 jobs at stake.
Brilliant Mr Lammy ... spot on, that's exactly what will mean if you and your comrades come to power eh?
Another betrayal by Westminster &amp; UK Tory Govt Why's our media not questioning Tories Davidson &amp; Mundell about this disgraceful betrayal? They've plenty to say most of time #Scotland #Brexit
But at least we'll have blue passports... #hurrah
British parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 – May
It’s on my pressie list from Santa.
MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December
Theresa May blasted for lauding the end of free movement for Britons across EU #brexit
Go further. Be bold. Invite ALL the party leaders.
Bollocks! Just like the claim on the side of the famous Brexit bus.
BBC News - Reality Check: Theresa May's Brexit letter
I thought I understood the Brexit referendum .It seems a lot of us struggle when it comes to details.
Brexit does not mean brexit, then #Brexit
Jeremy Corbyn said the Commons would have “very little choice” but to reject Mrs May’s “botched” deal, which he described as “bad for this country”. via
Well that's going to screw up #Brexit #WTO plans for you I think #trump just did you over big time! Maybe time to call #PeoplesVote and put #Brexit out of its misery once and for all!
Don't blame , she is doing what is best for her country. All blame is on #TheresaMay .
It’s as daft an approach as I’ve seen and that’s from someone who reads a *lot* about Brexit.
MORE LETTERS!
[EURONEWS] How will May sell her Brexit deal to British MPs? | Raw Politics |
A great reason NEVER to use a £50.00 note if that is voted for. Not that anyone will have sufficient cash anyway if Brexit happens
wtf has a brexit march got to do ith islamphobia ? madness gone insane .
I wish you were right arron but there is no way tories will oust her. It would have been done by now. Its either a shit deal or corbyn as pm. Establishment have done everything to destroy brexit
Ive only ever agreed with him once, when he said that brexit looks like a turd today
Any mention of the ONE HUNDRED BILLION yet ???
#May, speaking in the House of Commons on #Monday #Brexit 14:40 ff
If Trump supports Brexit then remainers, leftie luvvies &amp; media declare him a dangerous fool. If Trump supports Mays Deal &amp; UK serfdom in the EU, remainers claim him as a visionary!
Brexit officials in UK still under delusion that people will stampede to support Chequers plan rather than not leave EU. #altgov #theresistance #resist
JC “By the way, can I have a General Election?” TM “Don’t be silly.” JC “Oh well, don’t ask, don’t get. And between you and me, I’m not that keen on difficult decisions. You carry on.”
If you’re an Accountant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Tory Brexiteer on the timing of Donald Trump's Brexit torpedo as Theresa May ramps up PR blitz to sell her deal: “There is a massive spin operation now underway from Number 10 - the one thing they can’t control is Donald Trump.”
Will Obama?s income inequality is ?defining challenge of our time? Applies During Trump?s Watch #magaunite #trumptrain #brexit #fgo, #cherprangbnk48, #felizdomingo,, #Blackfriday #cybermonday
Cameron's Brexit via
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Safe to say that Donald Trump's declaration that May's Brexit deal may mean that the UK would "not be able to trade with us" was not exactly in the No10 script. Presume he means strike trade deals...but is he right?
Brexit has been written in law and signed by the Queen, so a further act of Parliament would be needed to stop it.
Since #Brexit is still in the news, it's appropriate to RT this tale of love and reassurance...
QC Barrister of the Year specialising in human rights JR'S Mister for Brexit .
- 100% agreed that Scotland should be represented - as should the rest of the UK. It would be get another scandal to have such bias.
even they are hedging their bets yet she claims her deal will bring us all back together again.
If they dropped the #brexit I would vote for them. To remove our citizenship rights across 27 EU members state is a crime on its own that more people are coming to acknowledge from both sides of the argument. #PeoplesVote
Deal or no deal Brexit and get on with life. Uncertainty is worse and democracy has spoken
We already trade with the US extensively; but out of the EU we'd be ripe to be colonised by them, so Trump does have skin in the game, yeah. ...And did someone, maybe someone like ERG, call outside help in at this juncture?
It is perplexing to see people who I deem intelligent brush off comments from Heads of State and other top EU diplomats as 'FAKE NEWS'. If May's Brexit deal goes through on the 11th of December, Spain will have a say in Gibraltar's future whether we like it or not. #Brexit
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs - BBC News- No point what u hve done is indefensible!!
I spent a few weeks in France, Belgium and Spain this year and everyone I met kept on asking why we were doing it. Total incomprehension about brexit, it was really interesting. But then again we have had 40 years of politicians blaming the EU for all their failures
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Politeia author Thomas Sharpe QC writes for on why a ‘sunset clause’ could restore the near total collapse of trust in the #Brexit process: #WithdrawalAgreement
Tonight on Distorting Scotland, we have Dave Trucker, a Scottish haulier to talk about Brexit. So, Mr. Trucker whatabout that deal for the fishermen
Trump would prefer the U.K. to crash-out so his American business vultures can do what it pleases to a powerless Britain. #Brexit
Please do not support the line that any sort of Brexit is good for the ordinary people of this country #PeoplesVote
#Corbyn Shambles Part 742 Every time abstained on an important #Brexit vote, it means that they've handed that vote to the Government who win by default. Abstaining means that all other MPs from other parties voting against, are hung out to dry. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Stupid git
Why care. I believe that #peoplesvote with Remain best option. If remain wins, we could swap brexit for something just as big. A federal UK Government with PR. England retaking Westminster as England's only parliament. Giving the UK a chance to get creative, maybe new Capital.
PM confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Shakes head in bewilderment. No trade with #USA No #FOM in #EU However welcome in #Russia who sailed a battleship up Chanel few weeks ago. And knew no one do NOTHING. Seriously #Brexit Remind me again what you WON ? Because I forget. Ye all little #Bots
The Julia Donaldson Brexit: Brexit? What's Brexit? Brexit? Why didn't you know? You trigger Article 50, call a snap election, deal with numpty after numpty, and go in the wrong direction. #LiteraryBrexit
Just gets better every minute! #Brexit
What is your choice? 1. No Brexit 2. Norway style 3. Hard Brexit 4. May’s shambolic deal
#Brexit must mean #Brexit. A #BrexitBetrayal will not be accepted and the people will defend democracy against those who oppose it. There will be no #PeoplesVote #LeaveMeansLeave
Very funny.....!
has McCallion been in touch yet about you and her doing that Brexit debate she challenged you to???
Bottom line on #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
#Brexit means cockroach* *or "unclean animal"
Theresa May faces blizzard of attacks from hostile MPs as she tries to convince them to back her Brexit deal on December 11
The UK equivalent picture would be full of people who resigned and were replaced by someone else who then resigned
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
Didn’t you negotiate this you donut? First a fab job at #housing then an incredible job at #brexit - why are you still here? Pls return to being a lawyer by day &amp; ninja by night &amp; leave running the country to someone who gets results and doesn’t constantly whinge!?!
why would you create a division in the Brexit movement at such a crucial time? Tommy is liked worldwide and is an asset. You need to stop posturing.
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
THE BRITISH FOUGHT FOR THEIR RIGHTS THEN AND WE SURE AS HELL NEED TO SAVE THIS COUNTRY RIGHT NOW #BREXIT Celebrate the Anti-Poll Tax Warriors Who Melted The Iron Lady: via
But at the time no conditions were attached, so basically they said "yes, we would like to start negociations for leaving the EU". Now, it would be quite democratic to check if the "people of Britain" agrees with these so-called conditions, wouldn't it? #Brexit #BrexitDeal #PMQs
This is as close as I'm ever going to come to thanking Donald Trump. #CancelBrexit *Note: I'm not actually thanking Trump.
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace | Politics | The Guardian
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
"Call me Mr. Brexit," Trump once said.
Steve’s definitely better value for money! Don’t you agree ?
Sounds likely,eu has never bailed us out, they circle like vultures over brexit, we are no carcass, we must get up and walk away, let the vultures feast on each other.
keith is quite right, after all brexit is a divorce between the UK and the EU, ok, I'll shut up now
Awkward.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Please RT this article, which everyone should read. It gives the lie to May's 'deal'. It is an EU document that keeps us in the EU, providing us with no freedom to do anything. It is a sham.
Unsurprising that Labour would do something this contemptuous. Corbyn would want to talk about literally anything else than Brexit - even at a Brexit debate. He can hardly debate the matter with May when his stance is equally stupid.
Looks like nige has been on the blower.
I've given up being depressed and am just laughing at this shitshow now.
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds
No indeed, but that’s because many don’t realise that it wouldn’t be ‘behind them’, far from it! Years of wrangling, and all to no purpose since we are so much better off as we are. No Brexit would put it behind us.
Salutary reminder from at . Leaving the #EU on 29 March 2019 is the law of the land, however much May, her acolytes &amp; Unreconciled Remainers bluster generalities about No-Brexit or 2nd Vote while carefully avoiding giving details.
Hes been saying such things for months, theres a lot of bull online anout him and Labour on brexit, the best thing to do is go on the Labour website and follow both Corbyn and Keir on here if you want to hear from them direct.
UK #parliament to #vote on #Brexit deal on Dec. 11: Business Insider | Reuters
Sadly there are still people who believe the anti EU propaganda and don’t know all the negatives of Brexit, loss of FOM etc., particularly the older generation. I was speaking with two pensioners who were shocked when I went through the list of -ves #PeoplesVote
Oh Brexit and Trump colliding; guess I'll be taking a social media break for a while. Self care.
The idea that is interested in giving us a great trade deal is another fantasy of the Brexiteers. It’s America First with Trump, and everyone else, including the UK, second.
I voted BREXIT but after this deal and watching at PM's questions I would happily remain in the EU rather than spending the next decade bowing down to stuffy assed EU leaders where half their countries use us as a lifeline........
All the more reason 2 get rid of her What a traitor she really is !
#FPAawards18 on the withdrawal agreement #Brexit
#Brexit Democracy EU style - “This is the first Italian budget that the EU doesn’t like. I’m not surprised. It is the first Italian budget written in Rome and not Brussels.” Luigi Di Maio
Why the Treasury’s Brexit forecasts will be almost irrelevant | Coffee House (PS the projections were by the Government Economic Service)
MPs to vote on DeadWomanWalking's Brexit deal on 11 December Kill Bill. Parts 1 &amp; 2
Repeat the brilliant point you made before. If people’s relationship sick of Brexit, remaining in the EU is the only way to “make it stop!”
1) Why was #Brexit doomed to fail? Because it never had a majority Brexit was doomed from June 24th 2016, from the day after the referendum, because there was not, and never could be, a working majority for it This poll was taken in September 2016 - and it highlights the failure
Accept it, move on. May’s deal is not perfect. Such is politics, such is life. Do we want to be talking about Brexit for the rest of our lives? F*** that. There are more important things in politics and in life.
Because its not always about you? He has a constituency back home that doesnt care about your Brexit one little bit.
Disgraceful . You are meant to be presenting an unbiased, factual view - as any public broadcaster should.
Intelligence sources Spain and France would put it’s interest first over the UK and would block any future deals regarding brexit
Can’t believe others have not yet submitted their letters. The membership of the party is frankly fed up of their MPs not following through on the commitments they made and on their own principles. The country feels the same way. #Brexit
He watched #NigelFarage on #FoxNews didn't he? #BrexitChaos #DonaldTrump
Politicians of all political colours have let the Great British public down whilest hauling in extravagant salaries. #Brexit
He’s absolutely right.
#UPDATE Theresa May must now navigate the Brexit deal through a divided chamber in which she holds the slimmest working majority
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
I bailed after two episodes. Made as much sense as Corbyn’s Brexit strategy.
i tell the DUP: if you want to hate #LGBT actions, feel free to do so as long as you keep it for yourselves if it were not for your firm &amp; stiff voice against the EU, i would never support you in anyway. &amp; there are many who do the same which i'm aware of. nxt #Brexit
Meet “Project Vote,” The Crack Team Set Up To Save Theresa May’s Brexit
but I thought we’d be able to have an epic trade deal with America because of Brexit :-(
Is he? One of Trump's contentions is that UK would adhere to EU food standards, limiting US agricultural imports containing antibiotics/GMOs.
If they do back her botched #Brexit deal they won't have jobs soon anyway. is leading to absolute electoral oblivion.
The Orange buffoon wants a hard Brexit so that he can push an emasculated UK around...
Cutting as ever!
Yep 66 and proud to support Brexit and dislike anyone who stands in the way of democracy especially Mother Teresa Miller who in your eyes is a saint but in the majorities eyes an hormonal middle aged woman
He goes even further than that. He says trade between the US and UK may not be allowed once the deal takes hold. He's not simply addressing the outlook for an FTA...but suggesting trade itself may come to a halt.
As an outside observer of Brexit, with an American perpective, I think Britain doesn't need a deal at all to leave the European Union. I simply believe a Declaration of Independence similar to ours is what Britain needs to leave the tyranny of European Union.

Amber Rudd isn't too happy.
'GET OVER IT!' Furious Britons are 'fed up' of Brexit and want UK out of EU NOW Our Brexit poster man! Sentiment of 17.4m!
So the bullies must win because Rory Stewart is afraid of them? Do I recall he was once a military man? What happened?
Because he's devoid of dignity and a complete arse.
T May can’t catch a break
Not surprised is not liking the #Brexit agreement. But then, he was also not involved in the negotiations nor in the 40 years of prior economic and political integration of the #EU and the #UK.
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT
Brexit update for financial services firms week ending 16th November 2018
The truth of it - this is what Trump really thinks about May's Brexit deal. He said it in Sun interview. He said it today. It's what the wider Trump world thinks. No amount of spin will be able to hide the cracks.
Today, I learned that just three months before the British people voted for #brexit, they also voted to name a research vessel Boaty McBoatface...
HuffPostUKPol: Donald Trump rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit agreement: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'
What in your opinion is wrong with ’s deal? #Brexit
lllll Theresa May warned MPs "there is not a better deal available" as she confirmed a crunch vote on her Brexit agreement will be held on 11 December.
Outrageous! 80% of members support a #PeoplesVote. Labour to block People's Vote taking part in #Brexit TV debate
If you fancy taking a risk, jump out of a plane without a back-up parachute, mate, but don't try to get your adrenaline hits by putting the rest of us on the line.
So we capitulate to fascists and hope it keeps them happy. I just don't get this argument. We *already have* far right resurgence, discord and distrust, and following through with disastrous Brexit won't just magic them away.
In other words, it may make it difficult for the US to steam into the UK and take over our NHS. The US are ONLY interested in what they sell to us. Unsafe medical devices, low standard products, chlorinated chicken, hormone injected beef Remember the contaminated blood scandal?
Brilliant Mr Lammy ... spot on, that's exactly what it will mean if you and your comrades come to power eh?
“...(she’s got) the Brexit she’s always wanted.” Not the one we voted for. Reminds me of a very popular tv show...#GameofBrexit
Oops. I smell a wee smell. Trump has pumped.
Next bushtucker trial on ‘I’m a Celebrity’ will see contestants try to swallow Theresa May’s Brexit deal
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May’s EU deal
Win? How can there be a winner when they are both on the same side . Both are pro- brexit.
European Union Approves U.K. Brexit Divorce Deal -- But 'Bumpy Ride' Still Ahead | HuffPost
No "Brexit" then.
Donald Trump has said the Withdrawal Agreement is “good for the EU and may make it difficult for the US to trade with the UK. Read More:
Met today over 200 jobs being put at risk in York due to the Prime Minister’s Brexit deal. I could never support a deal that puts constituents out of work.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
#FemiSorry talking rational sense to misguided Lexiter
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Another betrayal by Westminster &amp; UK Tory Govt Why's Scots media not questioning Tories Davidson &amp; Mundell about this disgraceful betrayal? They've plenty to say most of time #Scotland #Brexit #fishing #scotnight
Great idea, Thatcher on a B of E note. Great recruiting tool for YES!
And can what she has said, of substance, be summarized in twenty seconds ?
Case in point. (Cornwall voted to Leave)
Thus far it was 'treasonous' to quote EU (leaders) against UK politicians during the #Brexit negotiations. In the commons today #TheresaMay did exactly just that at every other turn.
So to combat leaving a union with our 2nd largest exports we leave a union with our largest and start again. You sure you didn't vote for brexit
Trying to make brexit not a thing. Which is not on your list. #PeoplesVote
UK economy to shrink significantly under May’s Brexit deal: Study
Will he outline labours Brexit stance? Be nice to know being a labour supporter...
I'm glad my daughter's not quite old enough that I have to explain to her I'm more worked up about the Brexit vote on Dec 11th than I am about Christmas,
I agree it's not happening but the decisive reason is that SF doesn't want to lessen the Brexit impact. Why would it? What's patronising us all us pretence to the contrary.
Basically saying back of the queue like Obama warned
Still subject to EU rules &amp; ECJ judgements, which Norway has to implement with no say, and still subject to free movement. Still paying for participation. How is this Brexit?
Well anyone can see it's a bad deal! A very bad deal that is not Brexit!
Says it all
It was through being united that we did.
This won't help May pass her deal
This sums it up beautifully for me.
A Brussel bot with 5 followers knows what 65 million people want. Interesting.
SF can, of course, do what they wish over abstention - it's their right and that of their voters. But this "we've got our mandate so you can all f*** off" thing is the same line taken by the DUP to claim to represent most of NI on brexit
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
Cambridge analytica is a non story remainers desperately cling to...
Why???? Education struggling, NHS struggling. UN report on austerity and poverty. Its just an obscene amount wasted again on Brexit..... shambolic.
#Brexit news: German businesses TERRIFIED May’s deal could be rejected by Commons |
May's problem is you can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear, Brexit is what it is, but we won't be taking lessons from a six times bankrupt fraud of a president.
Divorced bt still living together
Better Brexit? Coolaid means coolaid.
1/ utter drivel inward investment has dropped largely due to uncertainty caused by the brexit vote
International Relations and domestic politics are always inexplicably intertwined! An obsession with global politics isn’t the root cause of our ills and it’s dangerous to assume as much
I was a Corbyn supporter. There is no way I'm engaging his support. No way I'm letting Labour play mandate Brexit with my vote. Threres no incentives to even consider it.
'Special relationship' starting to look more like a Stockholm Syndrome relationship.
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
More sunlit uplands for you.
Another Ref won't necessarily yield a Remain result &amp; if very narrow in favour of Remain could cause more division (if Remain allowed as an option). Maybe GE is a better option as has rules &amp; allows a party to include solutions for the causes of Brexit too.
I don’t know - Brecht &amp; Brexit feel quite similar in some ways...
Could there be another Brexit referendum?
PM confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal Sky News
Wow..impressive argumentative prowess you have there Graham. Whoo boy... yep. I've seen the Brexit light now. You certainly showed me. Yessir.
Donald Trump has said the Withdrawal Agreement is “good for the EU and may make it difficult for the US to trade with the UK. Read More:
I've long been on board with this idea. I think it should be used for storage of nuclear waste. This is not a xenophobic thing though. It is part of my conspiracy to bring back the hovercraft because they are awesome.
Money Never Enough at #99c #SPECIAL #polevault #UsainBolt #GoBeyond #rt #news #nowplaying #brexit, #fgo, #cherprangbnk48, #Blackfridayshopping #cybermondaysales #socialmedia
The only way it will be welcome in our home is if it's printed on soft, absorbent, perforated sheets. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
How would a GE in any way provide people who want to #Remain an option. All is offering is another shitty #Brexit which screws us in a slightly different way. #PeoplesVote
Replies on this are so brexit
Another betrayal by Westminster &amp; UK Tory Govt. Why's Scots media not questioning Tories Davidson &amp; Mundell about this disgraceful betrayal? They've plenty to say most of time #Scotland #Brexit
Boris should just ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. fuck off
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
One word ... DICTATOR
Go Reverend, go!
Brexit
Beetlejuice.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
We were ruled by William of Orange and by the part German Queen Vic (Hohenzollen?) and her wholly German husband. The Battenbergs became Mountbattens to Anglicise their Germanic roots. Marr is supposed to know his history no?
Shocking!
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
Total joke! The 1st condition that little weasel wanted to be part of the Brexit debate was the people's vote idea not to be brought up. The 2nd - remain representatives like the Lib Dems, SNP etc not to be involved. 3rd - Brexit not to be the focal point. Backing the wrong horse
The politics sketch: PM's new #Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
Audio was awful, but you've heard everything he said many times over anyway. Paul Dacre is evil, Daily Mail, The Sun, solid pro EU propaganda, Brexit hate, occasional dig at Boris. Name one, name one, name one to the audience. Same as he spews over the airwaves, nothing new.
How will May sell her Brexit deal to British MPs? | Raw Politics
Sadly am working away in the Library instead. And I would love a curry
#FBPElivesmatter telling Corbyn to make the cup of tea that will end Brexit.
She won't tour Britain. She will stick to areas that were close in the vote and stay away from areas in the North that are pro BREXIT.
20 years ago since came across each other. Wonderful imagery. #LadybirdBooksForGrownUps #Brexit
Never surrender... What? WHAT? The EU were NEVER going to give us this wet dream fantasy brexit these people expected. Oh and for the love of God. STOP BRINGING UP THE WAR.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Hang on is this with or without a Brexit deal?
Finally something good about having Kate Hoey as my MP - I don't have to write to her asking her not to vote for the Brexit deal.
That sound you can hear is heads hitting desks in Downing Street.
The #NIESR #Brexit forecast makes all the same mistakes as previous ones -
We're not leaving the EU with May's #Remain deal. We're tied to the #EU and the common market indefinitely. We cannot leave by a unilateral agreement. No honourable MP will support it. As stated it grossly fails the party manifesto on #brexit as due to 17.4m votes
We need a real leader NOW. 2020 or impeachment can’t come fast enough.
those that voted remain should be able to understand this insane draft Brexit ... sadly theirs only few pictures- Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
Best Brexit summary ever. Love the way the interviewer keeps trying to steer him away from reality, only to get in return a major dose of it
get the man who negotiated this deal to sort out brexit
BREXIT: Why the Treasury's Brexit forecasts will be almost irrelevant /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Douglas Adams Brexit /2 Many Brexiteers believe that it was created by some sort of God, though the Jatravartid people of Viltvodle VI believe that the entire Brexit was in fact sneezed out of the nose of a being called the Great Purple Nigelseizure.
Theresa May's 60 second film is misleading the UK about Brexit. Again. | The Canary
Does Theresa May Trust the EU too much over Brexit?! via
Brill, even more odd then that Brexit seems so difficult ....
Would Labour back this? Perhaps after WA/PD voted down, and PD then tweaked to indicate this direction? I don’t see yet why EU would find this disagreeable..
Who cares. We are all sick of politics, the most horrible it has ever been. Kinder politics my arse!
LISTEN – Nigel Farage Tells Breitbart: May’s Brexit Betrayal is Like ‘Voluntarily Going to Prison’
Next bushtucker trial on 'I'm a Celebrity' will see contestants try to swallow Theresa May's Brexit deal - via
Hey Laura when are you actually going to call this crap out for what it is or will we be given your pearls of wisdom in your best selling book “Brexit the moment I knew the country was doomed” available in hardback £16.99 in all bookshops
I’m still waiting for my MP to respond to my letter reminding him York voted remain |How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal? | Politics | The Guardian
She alway talks bollocks and this is no exception !!!
New public vote? Does it mean a second referendum? How will it go through Parliamentary approval? Or does it mean new general elections? If Tory victory back to square one? And if Labor wins? Brexit again? Negotiated no-deal means no deal?
Tell it as it is Mr T! We are just as scandalised as you at our surrender by the traitor May
British "ex-pats". Irish "undocumented". Wonder why certain groups aren't called immigrants.
Time to go for the kill
The people of Cardiff eagerly await Theresa Mays visit to sell her brexit deal.
#BrexitBroadcastingCorporation you are a bunch of biased gutless fools #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Cynically, I guess this is brexit's only silver lining. Hurting the people that called for it. Der Zauberlehrling.
Your sad they won’t be about to pay your wine tab. Everytime you and your cronies open your mouths, I’m so glad I voted to leave.
yeah, it's called hard brexit which will screw NI big time that's not really an alternative more or less rejection
Stick with it, sorry thought we were on Brexit
Ha ha ha....what a clown.....
compared to Brexit shenanigans something that really is on another planet &amp; a tribute to positive human endeavour &amp; collaboration.
2/2 Instead, out of the seeming chaos there will be either a #PeoplesVote 2nd referendum or a general election; both pathways to rejecting Brexit entirely, enabling the British people to finally put the entire sorry spectacle behind them, try to pretend it never happened
On #Brexit, the wrong assumptions lead to the wrong economic forecasts -
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 via #news
New Vehicle Reg | Change of ownership | Renewal - 09090144706 #BetKingCyberMonday on the low Maiduguri Brexit Bournemouth Rita Dominic
Hello please could I ask why your domain name is hosted on name servers in California and New Hampshire, USA, and not in the UK/EU? #Brexit cc
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Good for him, perhaps she will listen to him - she should listen to him, but NO her and her 3 idiots detest and the thing is chaps he knows you do - don’t worry the feeling is mutual.
Ah the good old , the choice of the gullible, the party of propaganda, LIES and spin.
Tbh if I were Corbyn I wouldn't want wipe the floor with me either...
It just gets better and better doesn't it ! and Just get rid of ffs! It's not her country it's Ours
As Brexit tensions simmer, new exhibition celebrates #immigration
Give over Brandon, I’ve no wish to come together with May, nor indeed you. This not what we voted for despite May’s continual assertions to the contrary. The Conservative Party is going to pay a heavy price if we do not see the Brexit we voted for.
Thousands are joining this massive open letter to MPs to give the people a final say on #Brexit -- add your name!
I'd still like to know why he was in the queue at the German Embassy though.
They really mean 9b but don't let reality get in the way of our 4b refund policy that we don't even pay to get refunded #Fact
Out of all things that worry me with regard to Brexit whatever that idiot says I take with a pinch of salt #idiot
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Two-thirds of Britons want May v Corbyn Brexit debate - Sky Data poll
Chance to stop this charade. May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I certainly am deeply sad for my child.
How would you advise your MP to vote #brexit For May's deal Against May's deal
This is how they roll. Recognizing sovereignty is not part of #putinsplaybook Putin will not stop himself. There's a lot of natural gas and oil under Crimea and Eastern Ukraine. Why not take it? NATO's already cracked from Brexit and USA is in the bag.
Trouble is as with Trump supporters, everyone regards Majority of MSM as the opposition to Brexit. They don't help Remain by praising it up bc it just makes Leavers more determined. They won't be bullied, bribed or scared into submission. It's about a lot more than Trade Deals
Great friend donny is.
Two weeks of debate before the Meaningful Vote. May’s strategy= bore everyone into submission to reluctantly accepting it. #Brexit
How #brexit is destroying the national discourse... “Does the #BrexitDeal allow us to participate in #Eurovision?” “Even Australia is in Eurovision these days... I think we’ll be OK with that.” “They’ll never vote for us again.” “They haven’t voted for us in living memory.”
#Brexit deal 'good for EU' and may hinder #UK-US trade - #Trump
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
This ought to be an argument even Magic Grandpa can get behind. That he does not speaks volumes about his limited intellect and ideological rigidity. #PeoplesVote
If the EU are happy with the deal then its no good for us. We need a total break, then we can negotiate.
Looks like the simple way to go from a shambolic divisive brexit to leaving the EU in a properly managed way: Revoke A50. Get an agreed UK plan for everything after brexit. Put it to a binding referendum. Re-invoke A50. Oh - and call it something more meaningful than brexit!
So when she flew to Washington to pander to this imbecile, she achieved WHAT exactly..? A terrible, terrible prime minister.
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs - BBC News Curious as to what they gave - it looks like we gave gave and gave and they took but they didn't even need to- who the hell do you think you are dealing with!
Please note details of our next Ordinary Meeting and also how to book:
Böll's Brexit Not Just Once A Year, where the protagonists relive the fresh hell of Brexit daily, to appease the dotty old aunt in meltdown.
#Brexit: No deal would be disastrous for NI, business leaders tell parties
#Brexit: No deal would be disastrous for NI, business leaders tell parties
look who you've annoyed! Keep up the good work! #stopbrexit #brexit
Yes. But they'll all have their knighthoods so they won't give a stuff about brexit or being sacked.
May has thrown away a great opportunity for this country, she has to go.
Brilliant. The Conservatives' alternate Brexit reality is being taken apart.
Alright just what I wanted for my birthday! Another #Brexit vote
How does Brexit compare with other great crises?
Some of the replies to this are magnificent! #LiteraryBrexit
With brexit does that mean we will get our own server on league and I wont have to deal with angry polish players on EUW anymore?
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
You know it’s fucked up when trump seems to understand more about this than may #Brexit
Good news for British agriculture?
My money would be on Larry the Cat.
I never once denied that. Neither of us did. What he said was the brexit vote was a pre-agreed UK vote, not one based on seperate nation outcomes as was agreed by Nicola Sturgeon on signing off the referendum. You misread that and assumed we are claiming scotland isnt a nation.
“fellow EU leaders “are the same bad mannered people who treated TM so appallingly in Strasbourg recently or was this part of the ACT to make her look strong for her UK audience if so we’ve been fooled AGAIN.....
- #Eastenders - - so what do we think of Jessie Wallace's moped crash tonight? Bit #Brexit - (Kat should have BReaked on that EXIT!)
‘I should not have used that language’: You are bloody right you shouldn't have. But you did, didn't you. What's said can't be unsaid... #NotFitToGovern
These ridiculous Remainiacs get more pathetic with each ludicrous bit of scaremongering they drag out.
How can he afford to be there 24/7 ? Who's paying him ?
Hey, would you be interested in having a chat about Brexit for my youtube channel?
I just give up! Worst Government and PM in all my 70+ years ! Brexit must be stopped before this country becomes a third world nation.
Greens trolling Labour.....again. Guys, it’s desperate, and a signal you’re becoming a bust flush. Cut it out. You have 1 MP.
Ah but does Trump know we had 4 merry gentlemen over there recently and are now ready to sign a free trade deal with Oklahoma?
#Trump Rubbishes May's #Brexit Agreement: 'Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Britain just embracing this brexit ting
Please sign Now and make your voice heard! May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
What #Brexit does to the #UK #economy really depends on what British ministers decide to do -
British expats lose Brexit court challenge as EU judges reject appeal
So, when all the bullshit is stripped away we can all clearly see brexit is a shit idea and the lies the brexiteer cunts told us are now laid bare before us. Yet some people still believe their shite - which is remarkable. Absolutely fucking remarkable.
What a fucking day
The Labour leadership are intent on going into the next GE with a policy to implement of a Brexit of their own. My independent mind says: I will not vote for ANY party that supports this policy. Nothing to do with being a lemming. Trade unionist, yes, lemming, no.
#Brexit... the one where the people advised the government / voted to leave Europe with a #BadDeal or a #ReallyBadDeal. At least we're '#TakingBackControl'...
If we had redirected the same amount of effort and energy into taking charge of the EU as we have done in the Brexit Saga we would now be running the EU total unopposed from Westminster..
Does Theresa May Trust the EU too much over Brexit?!
Rebel MPs 'offered peerages' as May builds votes for Brexit deal | Daily Mail Online
BBCNEWS 12:34pm BREXIT DEAL PUSH. President Trump comments on PM’s Brexit deal ', I BREXIT DEAL PUSH. Trump: Sounds like great...
Another brainwashed brexiteer - what’s the point in brexit ??
Of course Labour are blocking People’s Vote from this debate. It’s an actual alternative not the wafer thin semantic difference between Corbyn and May’s destructive Brexit.
1/2 Wait, what's this "Project Fear" we're getting from this Tory Brexiteer? See below, May's cabinet will see massive resignations if Parliament rejects her Brexit bill AND she then seems ready to go for No Deal.
#Trump Rubbishes May's #Brexit Agreement: 'Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU'
Buyer's Remorse? If it wasn't going to be catastrophic for all of us, I wouldn't mind watching these regions fall apart post-Brexit &amp; a bit of me would think "serves you right! “
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Time wasting traitor
EU court rejects Britons' anti-Brexit case
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
There is a serious point here. Referenda imho only work well with a simple yes/no question. Everything else is subject to social choice theory problems and is too complex for voters to grasp the differences. Thry are ill-suited to complex deciaions of different policies.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
Norman Lamb attacks Brexit deal and backs second referendum #ncfc #norwich
"Two fingers to you and your unity from this proud citizen of nowhere. I and roughly half the country will never forgive you or your party." This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
And Brexit? This type of letter sadly is in a days work where Saudi is concerned. Brexit please sort JC
You didn't answer my question could brexit jeopardise your job or are you sitting safe and gambling on other people's futures.
As Brexit tensions simmer, new exhibition celebrates migration #immigration #brexit
= ‘This deal looks so bad we may have no choice but to take an even worse approach.’ Seriously? The fantasy of Brexit was never going to be sustainable. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitNow
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
#Brexit deal is bad for trade between #UK and US, #Trump says
As always with Brexit, the answer depends on who you ask. History will not be kind to Boris, Gove and Farage. They sold the country on hypothetical best-case scenarios. They sounded great in theory, but were wishful thinking at best in reality.
Let us hope so we should be telling the electorate that we are listening to what they need but then I can't believe 23 Labour MPs went to the meeting called by May if any MPs from labour vote with the government then they should be deselected
he has a point.
#Brexit nightmare becomes a humanitarian crisis for Brits?
Funny innit on the very day that Brexit nonsense seems like a done deal and the UK is continuing to be at its most distracted, Putin starts again with Ukraine. Wake up ffs
US President Donald Trump has questioned whether the US will be able to trade with the UK based on the Brexit deal agreed with the European Union
"Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected: May" -
Who cares what Trump says though? Nobody except a few hard Brexit weirdos wants a trade deal with the US.
The nation and your bank balance is threatened more by him than Brexit, but for some reason you ain't worked that out yet
Its an insurance policy sure but it only pays out to the EU. #brexit #leave #peoplsvote
#Brexit deal is bad for trade between #UK and US, #Trump says
I forgot to put my own bins out around a month ago. Thought the wife was gonna beat me up. I blame #brexit
Mrs May has finally United the Kingdom #BrexitDeal #Brexit #NoDeal #OUTNOW
Jean-Claude Juncker said United Kingdom is nothing but a laughing stock Brexit forever Britain never: via
I'd still like to know why he was in the queue at the German Embassy though. Is Nigel Farage applying for German citizenship?
#Britain may not be allowed to trade with the #USA under the terms of Theresa May's #Brexit deal, President Trump warns via
MEPs can't stop any EU Directive from becoming law. won last EU elections in UK by very large margin. If our MEPs had any effect/influence then our Brexiteer MEPs would not have been excluded from all EU talks &amp; negotiations about Brexit would they?
Brilliant.
New post (UK PM May and ministers agree to continue preparation for risk of no deal Brexit) has been published on Daily top pop -
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! It only takes 5 seconds and it really is worth it.
It will dawn on most remainers that it is the deal or no deal l, soon enough...
This is potentially true depending on how the question(s) and option(s) of such a referendum are constructed. The current wisdom seems to be that there are three options (this deal, no deal, no Brexit) - but how would that work in practice?
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
A no deal Brexit is fine with me, it was supposed to have been doom and gloom when we voted Brexit, nothing happened and neither will it if we crash out.
U.S. president Donald Trump has said Theresa May's Brexit agreement "sounds like a good deal for the EU" and may make trade between the U.S. and UK more difficult
Guess us brexit lot are going to suffer, again...
A. Mrs May, Gladys Splonge of Epping asks, "Is the current deal better than staying in the #EU?" Mr #Corbyn, Fred Blackstock from Rotherham asks, "What would a better deal look like?" Both of you, "We'd all like to know is there any possible better deal than staying in the EU?"
- Your bribery and corruption knows no bounds. You sold us out and yet you want us to back your shitty brexit deal? I don't think so. Thatcher was a hard-faced cow but you.... you're evil with it.
#Brexit was supposed to wreck the #EU for his cronies #NotBuyingIt #StopBrexit #Remain #NoBrexit #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #ExitfromBrexit #NoBrexitAtAll
#PeoplesVote UK citizens could not have known the long term implications &amp; damage a pro Brexit vote would bring - many who voted leave did so out of political manipulation, ignorance, naivety, xenophobia and now generations to come may face dire consequences of this bad decision
In search of Brexit Plan B
The Only Clear Gainer from Brexit: Vladimir Putin - LobeLog
If you voted for this shit show you own it, but then the mark of the #Brexit bunch is blaming anyone else for their own failings. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs It's funny how all the #Brexiteers now feel that losing the power to veto and vote in EU matters is too big a loss. This was always what 'taking back control' would mean #BrexitShambles
The Green Party are the only true opposition at the moment. On Brexit, on climate change, on the economy, on a four day week, their policies lead the way. If only we were in a more sensible world where they had more power. We need them.
We are nailing it!! #StrongAndStable
Do you have any evidence for that latter claim? It seems like you've joined the scaremongering party. Brexit itself is a far right fantasy and you have been sucked in by it.
Remember when Barack Obama said we would struggle to get a trade deal with the USA after Brexit and it was just another thing dubbed Project Fear? It was always going to end like this.
From bonglo bonglo land no doubt #brexit #ukip
is right to warn about this. The UK is in no way able to negotiate a deal with anyone, without EU permission. Read the 40 horrors of the WA that May is papering over.
Trump speaks about the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement. This will have ramifications in Westminster tonight!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
I said at the beginning of the #Brexit process that both sides are in a prisoners' dilemma. That seems the case now more than ever.
You really shouldn’t be using the word integrity
Donald Trump rubbishes May's Brexit agreement - Sounds like a great deal for the EU /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Channel 4 news: 2 Remainer MPs, one wants May's Remain Brexit and the other wants a second referendum. 1 Brexiteer against the deal. No real Leavers want May's deal - that says it all.
'Back my Brexit or face crashing out of EU', Theresa May to tell MPs today - Metro- She’s taking a leaf out of Macrons book- You shld hve been bullying the EU not ur MPs/voters. Don’t think Uve quite grasped this leadership thing yet. Uve blown it big time
An isolated no-deal Britain would be the dream for Trump. Any #Brexit supporter who thinks they’ll get a positive deal from an “America First” President needs to check themselves.
Just loved the honesty of this, it's a rarity. So many people waffling through their bum holes on #brexit, they often haven't a clue what they're talking about and are either giving you their misguided opinion or an...
In Brexit briefing by the Government. It doesn’t convince me.
#Brexit It is actually frightening how the EU managed to create the negotiations narrative, control the negotiations narrative, split the Tory party, denigrate the PM and force UK to capitulate to level of vassal state on basis of a fucking NI border backstop protocol. Unreal.
Never mind a peoples vote, there is an opportunity to revoke Article 50
Radio 4 doing an adaptation of Kafka's Metamorphosis at the moment, did not realise it was a subtle Brexit message.
Since the British #Brexit referendum Investors withdrew more than $1 trillion Of funds targeting their shares,Investors continued to withdraw weekly,Since the date of Breakst in 2016,Their first destination was America And some positioning in Japan and emerging markets #GBPUSD
Donald Trump has just said that the Brexit deal is good for the EU Kevin. Is he right? Why hasn't he said that it's a good deal for the UK?
Bet it will still need a backstop
You kidding surely? The great British public is not fit for purpose having fallen for Brexit! Judgement very flawed
USA just landed on Mars you freak show
"In summary, Article 50 can be revoked, certainly by mutual consent, and probably unilaterally by the UK." #RevokeArticle50Now Revoke it now and then we can avoid years and years of Brexit crap obscuring all other politics. You all know it make sense.
You want her to get on with it but you don't want this deal. You voted remain but you want a no deal brexit.
He’s never seen a pot of shit he didn’t want to stir.
The signs are she’s on course to lose. #Brexit
That’s not a good enough reason to deny a People’s Vote. Democracy demands a right for informed voting. The Far Right are feeding off Brexit anyway. Since when has intimidation been a good basis for political choices?
I wish you Jeremy had the interests of the many and not the few at heart and stood up an opposed brexit.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I don't think Trump even knows anything about May's proposed deal (apart from what tells him.) This was always his position (July 13th this year.) #PeoplesVote #Brexit #Trump
I try not to swear on social media, but this man really is a twat
B. Imagine debate camp, preparing for obvious questions like those ... May will be drafting her letter of resignation. Corbyn asking if this is one of those times where he may field the substitute games mistress from the St Trinian's, Emily "Giggles" Thornberry ...
Still like to know why he was in the queue at the German Embassy though.
Aye, Iraq and like Brexit will be in five years, nobody will be prepared to say they voted for it.
Exactly. The regeneration that has taken place has been partly funded by the EU but when I point that fact out, I just get "It's our money we send to them!" It concerns me that, if this Brexit goes ahead, areas like ours will get left further behind.
Yet you will whilst you support that clueless arse when he spouts his racist anti migrant “Brexit Benefits” bullshit. If your socialism isn’t internationalist then it’s worthless.
Potus says its rubbish too
Call for a General election first me thinks.
The gullible South Asian idiots invited Farage as they swallowed up the false promise of Brexit leave campaign that more non-UK immigrants from India/Pak/Bangladesh would be able to take up jobs in the UK. Yeh right!
Yesterday my tweet was wiped off when I just wrote my opinion about Brexit - there is nothing wrong with Brexit which saves £19bn + other fees a year - the wrong was made by May and Tories wasting time and not negotiating UK's real interest - people knew what they were voting for
My letter to Jezza: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Donald Trump Rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit Agreement: 'Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU' -
God that hand holding moment was one of the most cringeworthy things I’ve ever seen. It also immediately focused on just how dangerous Brexit was . You knew then Blair’s poodle impression was going to pale into insignificance. Turn your back on EU and rely on the USA ?? Gulp
Here is the list of betrayal #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #Conservatives #MayMustGo
That's my birthday. What a way to celebrate it.
graphic indeed. . . those who voted leave had a bunch of mutually contradictory reasons for it. . . it is logically impossible to satisfy them. . . so we should just give up on #brexshit #NotInMyName . . . #FBPE #Brexit #exitbrexit #FBR #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote and remain
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit Britain
Now we have a projection #Brexit
At least we’ll have flags to eat. I see Brexit involves not having water.
They will lose them if they bloody do!
Well said sir and all my Scottish friends this woman is the biggest traitor to the UK in history #PeoplesVote
Watch me and talking Brexit, May and the DUP very shortly on
He’s right: Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
If we had redirected the same amount of effort and energy into taking charge of the EU as we have done in the Brexit Saga we would now be running the EU total unopposed from Westminster..
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
The most informative debates are those where all choices be represented - I like the idea of a Brexit deal debate, but let's have a proper one! :)
Article 129 (4) of the Draft a Withdrawal Agreement: “During the transition, the United Kingdom may negotiate, sign &amp; ratify international agreements entered into in its own capacity provided those agreements do not enter into force or apply during the transition period...”
2 of the very worst leaders of their parties ever. Only challenged by Chamberlain from Tories and Blair from Labour. What a riveting pile of tut that will be. Have to find some sock darning on that night
Apologies accepted. But what to do about ongoing discomfort regarding #Brexit?
Dead in the water? Tory heavyweights and opposition MPs savage Theresa May's Brexit deal after she tells them 'back me or go back to square one'
The UK can move to stop Brexit by attempting to unilaterally revoke Article 50, legal papers published by the government suggest. The documents indicate that MPs would first need to direct the government to revoke the Article, which started the countdown.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
On #Brexit media coverage, research by found that "remain and leave received similar levels of coverage in terms of nber of articles, but support for leave was about 80% when accounting for the numbers of readers of those pieces" #LevesonLecture2018
After the news at 9, you'll hear Donald Trump's remarks on #Brexit in full on . Imprecise, alarmist, and a fundamental rejection of the Prime Minister. I'm live with on this latest stunning development.
British MEPs continuing to do good for the whole of Europe on this Clean Air for All Report in what could be their final months for doing so, courageous work guys. #Brexit #CleanAir4All #AirQuality
I think you’ll find UK has power of veto over ever closer union. Also opt out on Schengen and Euro. So I will happily let the Eurozone integrate further while I and WE enjoy the rights that Brexit would take away. I’ll be Remain and proud of it
"Will the Prime Minister take this opportunity perhaps to apologise for her thoughtless and insulting comments?"
#Pound continues to coil in the longer term wedge that's been building for the past couple months and this has held through a variety of developments on the #Brexit front Long term support is around 23.6% #FibonacciRetracement of the Brexit move:
Donald Trump has said the Withdrawal Agreement is “good for the EU and may make it difficult for the US to trade with the UK. Read More: #Breaking #brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
My day was so good, until this! It was a bad idea to start with, it's been poorly thought out, badly executed &amp; no one can agree whether: biscuit is to big/the cup to small or the biscuit isn't small enough/the cup isn't big enough. Maybe it was just a bad idea, like #Brexit
Donald Trump has said the Withdrawal Agreement is “good for the EU and may make it difficult for the US to trade with the UK. Read More: #Breaking #brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
"...taking control of our money......" all 0.37% of it. Our economy will lose far more than that in the event of Brexit.
Brexit
Trump may have just stuck the final nail into Theresa May's prime ministerial coffin...
So you want to bind the people's hands &amp; stitch up any vote to hold brexit to account by giving them the no choice of Brexit or Brexit. We see your game, perverting our democracy because you are scared that people now see Brexit for the load of crap it really is.
Lammy, you're a liar and you know it. The report - commissioned by the peoples vote campaign - states that there would be a shrink of 3.9% by 2030. Not annually. This is the sort of honesty we come to expect from anti-brexit campaigners, and Labour MPs for that matter. Shameful.
FACT
The uk should just walk out, slam the door and keep their 50 billion in their pocket!
Thank fuck!!
Military thinker Rob Johnson has described Brexit as no big geopolitical shift compared to Russian land invasion of Ukraine - with unprecedented (post WW2) refugee crisis in Europe. Trump unwilling, Nato would need UK leadership. No deal Brexit would be perfect timing for Putin.
Sounds like the 3 Ps of the Brexit deal then !!
That's one of the best reasons so far for a #PeoplesVote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Market didn't react much to this comment except for steel stocks this afternoon. Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via
President Donald Trump has given his opinion on Theresa May's Brexit deal. "I think we have to take a look at seriously whether or not the UK is allowed to trade because you know right now, if you look at the deal they may not be able to trade with us,"
My comment on Brexit and the EU plan here
Hopefully they learnt the hard lesson and focusing their journalist to do their job without forcing their own #Brexit agenda
The idea of a Corbyn v May debate but only on domestic issues would be a complete and utter sham. Corbyn hasn’t got the bollocks to tell his voters that he wants to string them along by having no convictions about #Brexit. All along he’s looking for Unicorns
Draft treaty allegedly requires all member states to accept the right of EU Army to enter at any time. So if ratified, next state that wants to Brexit will find the EU Army taking over their parliament. End of Exit. Barcelona revisited. This what you Remainers want?
Same description fits Mandela...How did that work out?
In future what will school kids learn about this salubrious time in our history like The Bloody Assizes, Peasants Revolt, Battle of Stamford Bridge, and it’s name? To make our evening interesting let’s come up with some titles - 1. Faux Empire Era #Brexit #PeoplesVote #EU
Dollar bounces at start of headline-heavy week featuring Brexit, G-20
Can we have DJT restart the #BRExit negotiations for us - "as it stands, the UK may not be able to trade with us, and that is not a good thing"
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The people of Britain have spoken. "Brexit" means "BREXIT." Anyone in gov't who opposes to will of the people s/b replaced by someone who's not afraid to do their job. Mrs. May never truly supported Brexit, imho.
Lock horns? Sounds like two stags rutting.
Even a dip shit gets it.
JUST IN: Just when UK PM May thought it could not get worse, Trump says: “Sounds like a great Brexit deal for the EU. Right now as the deal stands they [UK] may not be able to trade with the US. I don't think they want that at all, that would be a very big negative for the deal"
General election possible ? I hope so
Just in case a few #Remainers are getting all teary eyed at the prospect of #Labour and #Corbyn stopping #Brexit - Just cast your minds back to 2016 when emails 'exposed' Corbyn's true objective of taking the U.K out of the E.U Don't ignore the past.
How much do we think this will change due to Barclay's persuasion after the next few weeks?
ahahahah like we didn't expect this.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May regrets EU 'queue-jumpers' comment
I can provide the answer. He's a cretin.
When someone brainless comments on something on which everyone already disagrees, it’s like someone coming in and aggressively challenging everyone’s answers after a game of trivial pursuit they didn’t play in. Head numbing level of politics, all this.
Keep Dreaming
watching a true professional at work is so refreshing #BREXIT
#TheresaTheEuAppeaser Bring her down or the will implode as they will lose 50% of their voters! #WeAreAngry #WeWillNotForget #Brexit
Come on this is your answer, on all levels.
No deal please.
As my MP I am disgusted and shocked at your blantant lies, the SNP have consistently opposed the CFP as well you know. Also when will represent the wish of your constituents regarding Brexit as opposed to your own career?
Get rid of PM Teresa May and REDO the Brexit... Let President Trump NEGOTIATE the new BREXIT for you...
No. They can watch it from home in their pants like the rest of us.
Mrs May rejected all of these calls and told Sir Vince it was time to "deliver on the choice the British people made" in the 2016 referendum. SHE IS RIGHT THE TIME IS NOW, GIVE US A GOOD DEAL AND NOT A BOTCHED #Brexit
This deal must be voted down ......... Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade - Sky News
#Brexit - Survey your thoughts.
So much in common with Australia and this divisive, hopeless #Lnp/#Ipa Gov’t! This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
What a turncoat you are Mr.Clarke, we don't want Brexit full stop. you have made money from numerous interviews speaking against brexit and now you are voting for it You are a tory version of Nigel Farage I'm distgusted by you
The EU is, essentially, a club. When will the UK grasp the simple reality that members get the best deals. It’s not bloody complicated.
A new way of booking for your next meeting of the Society
Brexit sentiment?
Anyone and everyone who thinks May's Brexit deal a disaster for this country shld contact their MP and urge them to support a vote directing the Govt to revoke its Article 50 notification
It's the same mindset that also wants Brexit to be over, no matter the cost or hardship, because they're bored with the debate.
When it rains, it pours.
When it came to it, the remainer revenge didn't happen, Lib Dems tanked. They are not about to recover. Labour do better during an election campaign because the media have to be more impartial. The media is the single biggest influencing factor, Brexit is proof of that.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
#Trump says Theresa May's #Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
The more I read, the more I hear, the more I feel a deal is a bad deal for the UK and not what the majority voted for. We voted to leave the EU, not leave but be bound by it. Our allies are telling us so. #Trump #TonyAbbott #Brexit
Britain may not be allowed to trade with the US under the terms of Theresa May's Brexit deal, President Trump warns
It is official. #UK HOC will vote on #Brexit on 11 December following five days of #TheresaMay saying: The UK will leave the EU on #29March2019.
. watching Trump's comments on the #Brexit deal
Other speculators joined in and the cost became too high to continue defending. As they will again if we leave on WTO terms. Brexiteers among them.
Corbyn Surprises Commons With Left-Field Suggestion To Fix Brexit Mess
Just what we needed. Wind up merchant sticking his neck in. Doubt he’s even seen the document or knows anything about it. Trying to deflect attention?
Particularly interesting on European arrest warrant, europol etc. shocked that none of that is in declaration.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
On #Brexit media coverage, research by found that "remain and leave received similar levels of coverage in terms of number of articles, but support for leave was about 80% when accounting for the numbers of readers of those pieces" #LevesonLecture2018
Michael, Do not underestimate the anger from Brexit Voters out there now.
We're not actually sure overturning #Brexit really would make much of a difference. Sure they want us to believe there'd be some massive backlash, but most people would just say thank fuck for that! UKIP might get a few MPs in Parliament but that's about it....
Still like to know why he was in the queue at the German Embassy. Is Nigel Farage applying for German citizenship?
MARION VAN RENTERGHEM: ‘Brexit is the perfect argument for Scottish independence’
Unfortunately his&amp;his successors dishonest behaviour over Lisbon laid seeds of parties offering referendum (incl libdem) denied by labour govt which led to enough people voting brexit. The margin was so fine. better &amp; more honest behaviour in 2007/2009 might not have led to this
The only way forward is for May and Corbyn to make out on live tv ... if we can stomach that for 60 mins we can stomach the brexit process.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Not sure which would be less painful, watching a May-Corbyn Brexit debate, or a rerun of Love, Actually.
May urges cabinet to get out and sell Brexit deal
BBC News - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Maybe Brexit Britain should focus on that - might revive the hat stand industry, too.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit vote on the 11th. I have to be in London the Friday immediately after. Fuck me sideways.
The Tory brexit chaos reminds me of why I am happy now to be supporting
'Riviera Legends Daily' is out! #brexit #tufc
Just when you think things coudn't get worse for the UK, Margaret Thatcher is potentially going to be on the new £50 pissing note. The only saving grace is that after Brexit, most people wont be seeing £50 notes for a while..
Be realistic, in all honesty. Even if it is a pointless exercise and Brexit goes tits up. The damage is already done. Britain has lost face. The world has watched as bumbling politicians have behaved like idiots. The UK has become a laughing stock. No offence meant.
More BTC tweets, less Brexit.
DID HE ACTUALLY SAY IT IN CAPITALS? OR CRAYONS?
Saw #MargaretThatcher trending and was worried that Teresa May had reanimated her corpse to help negotiate Brexit. Thankfully that is not the case. She’s still dead.
If you put all three options to the public, what happens if the result is, for example: This deal: 20% No deal: 35% No Brexit: 45% Do we then remain in the EU? Remain has 'won', but the combined vote for *some kind of Brexit* is over 50%, so surely we must still leave?
The latest GeoCapital Economics! Thanks to #brexit #7gtech
This is the future UK after Brexit that the Conservatives have planned for you. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Record poverty &amp; homelessness in the richest cities in the wealthiest nation.
Am I going to need the grey market to get my supplies to Washington DC? #Brexit
Been a total sell out by the how anyone can say this deal is leaving #EU with a straight face is beyond me, it's always been about damage limitation instead of embracing the opportunity of #brexit #StandUp4Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #BinTheBrexitDeal
On the eve of the deal going to parliament she may say If the deal does not pass, the decision will go back to the people whether to accept my deal or remain in the EU. This will terrify the Brexit fundamentalists into voting for it. But would it be enough? I don't think so
Sums up Theresa may's day.....#Brexit
worth looking at this guy's profile. . .#brexshit #NotInMyName . . . #FBPE #Brexit #exitbrexit #FBR #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
Nice one Donald!! Does anyone outside of the EU parliament and no.10 think its a good deal? BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Not a chance. I have written to my MP to ask for a peoplesvote #peoplesvote TM is on Brexit fatigue to get her bad deal through
PamyBot:~$#forex #fxDailyFX "#Pound continues to coil in the longer term wedge that's been building for the past couple months and this has held through a variety of developments on the #Brexit front Long term support is around 23.6% #FibonacciRetrac…
Hey Trump leave our Brexit alone,all in all go put another brick in ya wall
Traitors R Us - they should be called !
‘Meaningful vote’ on Brexit deal to take place on December 11
Brexit is the only opportunity he has to remodel the UK in the manner he sees fit. It’s an open goal for him.
Where are all the Brexiteers condemning a US President for having a view on UK politics? Brave enough to criticise Obama, but too hypocritical and cowardly to criticise Trump. Pathetic. #Brexit
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US, Donald Trump says: Donald Trump has taken aim at Theresa May's Brexit deal suggesting it could make trade difficult between the US and UK.
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US, Donald Trump says via
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11: The vote will decide the future of UK's departure from EU, which it is officially set to take place on March 29, 2019.
"Could you look all the people who rely on ourNHS in the eye and tell them that Brexit won't make things worse?" Yes. Except for the freeloaders.
Malta’s PM says he wants Malta to be the most British-friendly country after Brexit. The two fought together to defend British Malta. Now that Britain is in a defensive (EU) position, Malta should return the camaraderie. The historic bond is strong and now’s the time to show it.
President Donald Trump has given his opinion on Theresa May's Brexit deal. "I think we have to take a look at seriously whether or not the UK is allowed to trade because you know right now, if you look at the deal they may not be able to trade with us,"
Brexit
#MiFIDII - FCA to supervise UK trade repositories after Brexit, from Louisa Chender in -
Government admits it could try to halt Brexit if MPs want to
Ya Da's jumping up and down on the exercise trampoline he bought ya Ma before she walked out on him shouting bollocks to Brexit
PM Theresa May 'considering TV Brexit debate' with Jeremy Corbyn - Sky News- waste of time &amp; money. Who wld watch? Debate between a traitor &amp; a Marxist!!
I tend to downvote everything so my pluses have more weight. Most of them I really wouldn't mind. Although 60 seconds wins I'm going to do a game on how democracy has failed instead. First brexit and now this.
Peter Benchley/ John Williams / NCP collaborative Brexit. Drrr de Drrr de Du du du du du du “We’re going to need a bigger car park”
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
Just trade with the USA anyway regardless of May's deal, and if the EU don't like it tell them to go f**k themselves
Dare I say the words, “thank you, Mr. President”?
Important to remember #Brexit is not it was called by and has been a great cover for dismantling services and NHS across the UK. They all did it #ToriesDidIt #GeneralElection #JC4PM
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Even Mr #Trump doesn't like the #Brexit deal but I'm sure #Russia must love what's going on in the UK right now. #BrexitShambles
Whatever happens i think there will be no second Brexit referendum,commons may reject some articles can be edited rather than say no to a deal approved by EU that means economic inbreathe.
The young will never forgive the , or
I legitimately think article 13 might be worse than brexit, at least no one has to argue about it since we are going to be blessed with both.
At me yungest footy match. His team is clobbering da ova team when a parent from ova team starts complainin. Face goes red fists clenched unleash a brexit right hook he goes flyin into a nearby canal an drown to death. Currently on run from feds. No surrender. Fuck him.
You couldn't make this shit up
Where exactly does the UUP stand on this Sorry Brexit mess ' if I am not mistaking the UUP voted to Remain in the Referendum ' how come all of a sudden now you lot are backing the DUP ' why are you not Backing the Business and Farming community ?
Jaw drop. So revealing about our civilisations’ culture, and the true root cause of why we’re in this mess... ‘The prime minister’s...
I am quite baffled as to why she had to publish this at all. We have been consistently told Brexit is the democratic will of the people. It is a truly desperate plea indeed.
And that’s looking at us as a middle class family who have a fair chance of being able to afford to send kids to university. For those less well off than us, even less opportunity, even less choice, more barriers to travel. That’s Brexit to me.
First Brexit, now this. The country has gone mad.
Silly Billly.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' by Rozina Sabur via News
Trump negotiating tactics are actually unintentionally mint because he’s so erratic and unpredictable. If you want a favourable negotiation you don’t necessarily want to be led by someone who is particularly stable. Like the ‘Nixon is mad’ plans but for real.
I do fear not voting for this deal is reckless
For the last two weeks I've been waiting for our MP to come out and support the democratic right of the people of this country who voted out. Well where are you? #stillwaiting #outmeansout #brexit #rejectthedeal #nodeal #sackmay #hardbrexit #traitors
Yes. May should do the honourable thing and resign. (Albeit a year late).
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The report objectively doesn't claim that. You're either a barefaced liar or you're illiterate. Either way, classic Lammy.
The best thing about this as it is the PERFECT analogy for Brexit... Britain NEEDS POLES!
.Nigel Farage: May's Brexit deal the worst deal in history. She's a weak ineffective mess! President Trump tried to help her put a good deal together for the UK last year but she rejected his ideas. Pray for the Brits who lose once again.
Freedom of movement WON'T be stopped under May's Brexit Surrender. She lied to us again.
And that’s before meeting Former Minister Who Resigned In Disgrace Dr Liam Fox
Finally the people of #Britan are beginning to wake up to the #Brexit illusion
I increasingly think a people’s vote is a realistic probability but for a rarely stated reason. I think that once the present version of Brexit dissolves and voters of all stripes start to murmur murderously, politicians will favour passing the buck back.
How did yours compare?
Why would anyone ever listen to what Trump thinks and moreover care about his opinion#
No wonder Jupiter is looking for a foreign distraction - let's bash les Anglais with a terrible Brexit deal!
Not only the House of Lords report confirms the £39b so called Brexit divorce bill is not a legal requirement, but it's also the opinion of Lawyers for Britain, consisting of both Leave and Remain lawyers.
It's more likely the wages and pensions contributions.... Also brexit is diverting all brain power, intelligence and money!
If Brexit takes away my Tesco £3.50 10-pack of Biere d’or I’ll be very upset.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
Brexit
I have to say it looks very impressive The Lord Grenville PM 1806 to 1807 replies to: Stella Judith Creasy British Labour and Co-operative politician, Member of Parliament (MP) for the London constituency of Walthamstow (32,000 majority) Romeo &amp; Juliet / Brexit &amp; Remain
So What part of the obliefinition of governing in the national interest does tanking the economy to the tune of £100bn a year come under? #Brexit #Resign #ToriesOut #BrexitShambles #nevertrustatory
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' Another win for the remainers and a reminder about the 48 letters badly needed
For what it’s worth, I saw this coming (which isn’t saying much- deep down, we all did): #LSEThinks
Remain or no deal Brexit, please. Either will do. Both are far superior options to your hopeless deal, which uniquely combines the worst of both worlds with no means of escape. NOBODY VOTED FOR OR WANTS YOUR DEAL. if you don’t believe me, force a by-election and see how you do.
Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
He’s not wrong. UK getting shafted. And rightfully so.
Evening . Someone has to mention the 'B' word, so it might as well be us. Thoughts on implications for #Manchester region? #oldhamhour
Spanish news still can't understand why Britain wants Brexit. I'm glad they don't ask me because I can't understand why either!
All I feel looking like a greater need for a trip up a beanstalk or looking for a way out at the back of the wardrobe Meanwhile we just landed a probe on mars - much more of an achievement
What a mess “Brexit deal is a piece of political theatre
Brexit: Theresa May regrets comments on EU nationals
God Bless our Great Fabulous President Trump
I'd have to check but I'm pretty sure this wasn't in the grid
First analysis of government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
'Sounds like a great deal for the EU' passed judgement on Brexit deal and questions whether it will allow the UK to trade with the US
All because the Tories were worried about UKIP.... you have led us to a place that we should not be in.... #stop this nonsense now #Brexit #chaos
Mayhem makes a mockery of democracy by refusing to debate Brexit with somebody who doesn't want it! PM ducks Cable challenge to debate Brexit Leader of the Liberal Democrats Vince Cable has labelled Theresa May...
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Am I sounding like Roderick Spode yet?
Brexit voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, new academic study finds - The Independent
Will our MPs Support a People’s Vote for Brexit? Dear Julian / Rachael,
2) Now polls are notoriously self selecting however this ran in pro #Brexit telegraph, 52K people took part &amp; the breakdown roughly equals the ref vote We can translate the questions roughly into Brexit options (no deal wasn't there then,because brexiters weren't that desperate)
#CFTC #Forex #Futures report - EUR shorts add 10k - #BTC shorts hit paydirt, #Bitcoin #Bonds #Brexit #Cryptocurrencies #SP #Stocks
That’s not my #Brexit. It’s terms are too iffy.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' Another win for the remainers and a reminder about the 48 letters badly needed
You forgot MPs in the House Commons who have a lot of mental health issues "Good deal on Brexit".... LOL those funny MPs eh? What will those rascals come up with next? But seriously, you're great at doing videos. And this was a great video on #mentalhealth.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal -
Scapegoating is not an alternative policy, it’s a desperate ploy to evade the harsh truths of #Brexit
It’s been a tough day listening to news on #Brexit #BrexitChaos
The best thing about this as it is the PERFECT analogy for Brexit... Britain NEEDS POLES!
That deal took 7 years to sort out. We have two. We have a complicated NI relationship they do not. Not to mention Scotland throwing up objections. We need to deal with EU more closely, geographically Canada does not. Your idea is pure fantasy. #Brexit
Brexit
Do not assume the UK will avoid a no-deal Brexit
This is eu draft .... easy version for remoaners to understand ....it has few pics incase they get stuck
We don't want to change our minds. We've had two votes, 1. Referendum Leave. 2. The Election where 80% of people voted for parties that supported Brexit. We don't need anymore just a Brexit PM.
Trump on May's Brexit deal “It sounds like a great deal for the EU. We have to take a look at seriously whether the UK is allowed to trade. If you look at the deal, they may not be able to trade with us and that would be a very big negative for them”
She was a Labour voter. Now is not the time to change Governments. Let’s get this Brexit business sorted first as its going to have far more long reaching consequences for working people and all of us actually.
One has to question Theresa May's sanity... #SellOut #TraitorMPs
Although agreeing with Mr Trump is never a good moment, he isn’t wrong here.
HAVE A READ OF THIS
Well Andrew I will never vote conservatives again ! This BREXIT deal is not what 17.4 million ppl voted for &amp; your time will come when the next general election comes ! How spineless can you be to betray democracy!! The thing that has given you the life you have today !!!
May: “WHATS A BREXIT AGAIN?” The British People: “ oh for crying out loud, we told YOU ALREADY!”
The vote on the #Brexit deal in the #uk #Parliament on December 11th has the distinction that even with only two outcomes, the result will still be a shock.
Nobody believes a word gloomy Hammond says #ProjectFear all over again
I heard about this weekend. Apparently, I’m not the only one to have changed my mind. I recognise that I was misled. But they won’t fool me again. And I want to use this account to persuade my fellow Brexit voters to see beyond the bullshit.
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
#USClose &amp; #Brexit: is a novice uf she believes The #EU wants The #UK to succeed outside of The #EU. She said both The EU &amp; The UK want this deal to work. She's naive!!
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
BREXIT CRISIS: Labour's Kate Hoey fears huge 'Brexit CONSPIRACY is TRUE'
#Indyref2 will not have to wait a #Scottish generation after all. "A week in politics is a long time". So very true! What would be Harold Wilson's solution to #BrexitShambles? #PeoplesVoteNow
He’s correct once again.
Oh lets hope for the sake of the American people and it's standing in the world, currently a laughing stock, a bit like us over Brexit. Bernie and Jeremy, a fab combination for world peace and prosperity for the many
With ‘friends’ like Trump, eh!
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
The best thing about this as it is the PERFECT analogy for Brexit... Britain NEEDS POLES!
Hopefully no one. Brexit is FAR FAR more embarrassing....
Please campaign on our behalf down South. Help us to become Independent. Help us #DissolveTheUnion
UK PM May still confident of winning Brexit vote in parliament: spokesman
That Brexit really does mean Brexit!
So we might not be able to freely trade with the USA when we leave! What on earth has May ‘negotiated’!!
Did forget the #BacktheBrexitDeal? This will be mocked by his detractors but make no mistake, this is a damning indictment from the White House
Exclusive - Farage: May‘s Brexit Like ‘Volunteering for Prison‘ via
Another Exalted Entitled One.
maybe respond with this...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
They’ll lose their jobs if they back TM’s deal!
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
How on earth can Jeremy Corbyn ignore this and then say he is 'for the many not the few'? Rank hypocrisy and dictatorship of a high order!
Silly Billy.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Were you not up in arms when President Obama spoke about Brexit and you felt he was ‘interfering with UK affairs?’
Wow the complete hypocrisy! May wants another vote her shambolic deal, and to force it down our throats. But the people cannot have a final say!!! Democracy, what democracy, it stinks!
Just think, fellow plebs - Theresa May is using our money, which we earned legally and through the means of hard work and determination, to fund advisers who we have not elected. And not only that, but she's using them to save her own FAILURE OF A DEAL.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
*peers into Twitter* *sees non-stop Brexit blather* *places lid back onto Twitter*
Good.Dont want their chlorinated chicken and hormone meat and other dodgy stuff that doesn’t meet EU food standards.
Mr Trump said Mrs May's Brexit deal it was “great” for the EU but suggested it would harm the UK’s ability to strike a trade deal with the US
just in case you missed the link to our new booking option
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
You're not a part of BREXIT You will need to make your own trade deal with the UK just like everyone else did many months ago.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate. Is this whats best for the people, or whats best for Jeremy Corbyn? #ForTheCorbynNotTheMany
Let’s not go down with Brexit. It’s time we charted our own course #AUOB #scotgp #scottishgreens
As he is obviously not a Nazi he should sue the accuser for slander.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Yeeees........helpful timing there, Mr Trump.
That's because yhe orange one knows that a no deal brexit leaves the UK at the mercy of the US.
Steven Swinford ( ) tweeted at 8:13 pm on Mon, Nov 26, 2018: DONALD TRUMP ON PM's BREXIT DEAL: (
It’s certainly the Brexit I voted for. Not a rehashed version of membership without actual membership. When I voted to leave I thought we would actually leave. Fully.
(Yorkshire Post):#Theresa May urged to find #Brexit 'plan B' by MPs who warn her deal will not pass the Commons : Theresa May has ruled out a range of “plan B” Brexit options despite being warned by MPs of all sides that her deal ..
It's s good job you were never managing editor of a newspaper that spread lies about the EU
You know it’s bad when even Trump thinks it’s a bad deal for us.
CONCUR: 'The Only Clear Gainer from Brexit: Vladimir Putin – largely lost in the debate is Britain’s future role in European security. It is already diminishing. As things stand now, it will continue doing so' - LobeLog
well said Mr President #Brexit deal is only beneficial to the EU. We need strong assertive Leadership like yours.
#Brexit will leave us open to exploitation by the big boys! We need a #PeoplesVote
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s #Brexit letter is going viral
The best thing about this as it is the PERFECT analogy for Brexit... Britain NEEDS POLES!
And now, in Unexpected Irony News...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
For my children’s sake and all their generation I resent the wasted two years spent by the government trying to sort out their Brexit mess.Time and effort that could have been used to sort out the real issues facing this country, issues entirely within the remit of our own Govt
You couldn’t make this shit up could you? Does Farage still have the orange one’s ear? I think he might.
12.9k followers. Who says there isn’t a market for stupid?
Because #TheresaMay is part of the #globalist #animalfarm #conspiracy simples .... #BREXIT #LEXIT #TheresaMayResign
Campaigners call for Norwich City Council to back Brexit People’s Vote
...or, if you define "problematic" as "liable to generate a debate behind closed doors that eventually consumes the UK's entire capacity for administrative process and relegates Brexit to a footnote": Chaim Weizmann.
Chlorinated chicken could be off the menu.
Donald Trump and his trade experts clearly have reason to believe May's deal hinders the ability to strike a deal with what must be our #1 partner post-brexit. If we can't get a trade deal with the US in May's Brexit, who can we trade with?
Prez 's statement on #Brexit is probably is the first major opinion from a foreign leader.
When I think of the effect John Hume had on my destiny compacted to Nigel Farage and co wanting to resurrect the borders of the past for Brexit's sake ... it does turn me into a severe Brexitsceptic. I am rather confident in my Brexitscepticism.
The fallout over the bank note image is causing ripples on the becalmed #Brexit pond. So who should NOT be on the £50 note. Please vote and retweet.
I only care what Brenda from Bristol thinks about this.
Exactly - and this alone could be quite a powerful argument in favour of a #peoplesvote with #OptionToRemain for people who are #boredofbrexit. #stopBrexit quickest way to end the tedium!
#fbpe #peoplesvote #brexit May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's called #BREXIT Wake up pal! It's called #EU #Merkel #Macron #Saddam #Gaddafi Stop whinging #Stooge
Its called the impact of you continue to support Brexit it will only get worse.
TRUMP MIGHT NOT KNOW WHAT HE’S TALKING ABOUT I think someone is confusing “trade” with “do a trade deal”
1/7 Hi Helen. Thanks for this. This is my best on the difference between freedom of movement and immigration. FoM refers to one of the 4 principles of the EU and applies to all movements across borders including going on holiday or doing business. 1/6
Bollocks to Brexit. This is the stuff that matters. Discoveries that will put Brexit into perspective and keep this damn human race alive.
Trump's handler, Putin, REALLY hates the EU..,
Democracy should be taken out with the trash and its stinking rotten corpse buried.
BBC News - Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
I don't think the Orange Buffoon knows a good deal when he sees it (remember he'd have made more money just putting it in a bank than running his businesses). However, what this means is that the "Atlantic Bridge" brexit is dead as a dodo. Let's #Remain in the EU.
Theresa May was mangled and mauled today. Dazed and confused she continues blindly towards a titanic failure of Brexit that can only harm UK. We need an election
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
She's finished, she knows that the game is almost up. Time to get the Tories out of there, time for a General Election.
James, what’s your thoughts on this so called Brexit debate between May and Corbyn???
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal -
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
From you Maybot. Probably.
With backstop in place will be pretty difficult to negotiate a US-UK trade agreement
The only solution to Brexit is to ditch it. At least for now, until the shouting and power-games are over and people can think about it rationally.
Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
Well
BOLLOCKS this is what brexit looks like. Get over it
I have “grown a pair” and I’m not blinded by some misguided, unattainable view of a Britain that never was, you cretin Brexit is a terrible idea. It hurts us. It hurts our economy. It makes us look idiotic and xenophobic to the rest of the world. I want nothing to do with it
Theresa May's Brexit deal 'will cost UK £1000bn' by 2030
Desperate attempt
#Trump should simply shut up and mind its own business!
Wow! A Conservative I agree with. The government we have had since 2010 may have irreparably damaged the future of this country for me, my children and future generations.
"Theresa May's Brexit agreement may make trade between the U.S and the U.K more difficult" - Understatement much.
Wonderful, I will get the kettle on, while pre Brexit I can afford the electricity and indeed the tea leaves
Well said we ether leave or remain not half way house dogs dinner of a deal so we demand a #PeoplesVote on remain or a hard Brexit the truth! Give the people the truth and a vote not this rubbish deal.
Is #BlackFriday2018 ever going to be over? I've had emails now for 2 weeks and it doesn't seem to be ending... It's worse than Brexit! I don't want a scrambled egg maker that looks like a comb for 10p cheaper than usual, or a 6D 80" TV that chats with the dead. #shopping #terror
every time someone threatens that "it's this brexit or no brexit" or whatever i'm thinking... ok, how about no brexit then? does anyone in their right mind still want a brexit?
If the walking flesh wound thinks its a great deal it'll be fucking shit then.
Back my shitty deal, even though it's MILES worse than what we have now Remember that "Strong and stable" election shite? Yeah, they haven't a clue, but are quite willing to sink the country. "Brexit: Back my deal or risk more division, May to tell MPs"
Wtf is the point of a debate between and he’s for Brexit and she’s against. His position is worse than hers. Utterly pointless #BrexitShambles
Isolated and forlorn, Theresa May endures yet another Commons pile-on by MPs There are now only two possibilities left. Either no one has told Theresa May the result of last year’s general election and she is under the impression she has a 100-s... #EUpol
Wouldn't it have been great if one of the previous Brexit Secretaries had tried that when they were in office?
My dad smells of brexit.
Special dispensation from the government in exchange for reporting pro Brexit news!
It’s a total projected loss of around 3.9% of GDP by 2030. That’s an ave loss of 0.34% or so of GDP per year or a loss of revenue of around 0.13% per year. It’s only a projection of course. They projected a massive recession after 2016 Brexit vote. It didn’t happen.
"Some of the Brexiteers are — without irony — saying that it [the deal] is worse than staying in the EU, because at least on the inside you have some control over the rules and laws that apply to you. Who knew?"
You must be the most incompetent Tory Government in History, You have thrown away all the advantages of Brexit. voter will never forgive you.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Stick to UKIP - the party for brexit zealots.
Good luck at the next G.E you will need it. Your constituency voted to leave. When they hear you are backing this betrayal of Brexit you will be swept away like many MPs as in 1997. You have no idea of the anger for this sell out.
Might sound a bit conspiracy theorist but is Putins objective not chaos and confusion is the west,would it suit him and Trump to further cause chaos in European politics..he could easily have stayed neutral on Brexit and not stirred the pot,but he didn't..as you say Jon curious
With Brexit talk focusing on the NHS and the fact it's celebrating its 70th anniversary this year, it would be completely appropriate to celebrate and remember a man who is largely responsible for the care of so many people in this country and not a greedy evil destroyer of lives
. you've got no idea at all how ridiculous you are. Mate, the rest of the world is laughing at you. Ridiculing you. I know we're in a bit of a Brexit mess over here, but when I look at you, I realise how much worse things could be.
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as #Brexit plan B. Soft Brexit option could be fallback if Commons rejects Theresa May’s deal | The Guardian
Theresa May: I should not have said EU citizens 'jump the queue' when they come to the UK
Other speculators joined in and it became a rout. Interest rates rocketed and the cost to the BoE and wider economy became too much to continue. The same may well happen again next March. Soros is still very much around and concerned with stopping Brexit by any means.
Great letter to Corbyn summing up how many of us labour voters feel. Come one Jeremy stand up to this rancid government. Do your job. Oppose! Speak out!
Even #fakepotus realises
Disgusting. Sob. Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
University of Warwick study about #Brexit
Remainer PM alongside remainer establishment advisors cobble together dodgy deal(that the EU is happy with) to make it appear that this is the best we’re going to get. People like you then call for brexit to be overturned. Call me cynical, but maybe that was their plan all along
Underneath the Brexit chaos, the real face of the Tory government lurks, not giving a sh*t about social injustice and poverty in the UK. Ever since the Tories took over in 2010, they have treated those who are in need with utter contempt.
This clip from the documentary "Inside the American Embassy" still seems a more honest Brexit analysis than anything Theresa May's said, post Brexit.
Try reading FACTS It has few pics, may make it easy for remoaners to understand ... this is the draft eu... broken down
Steven Swinford ( ) tweeted at 8:13 pm on Mon, Nov 26, 2018: DONALD TRUMP ON PM's BREXIT DEAL: (
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Long game my backside! He basically just wants to rerun the election with him comitted to brexit but ignoring it and blathering on about privatising water companies instead
Spot on. Green Party is the future.
Date set for Theresa May’s Brexit showdown with hostile parliament
You are not a part of BREXIT You will need to make your own trade deal with the UK just like everyone else did with the US many months ago.
Brexit will be a disaster for wildlife #peoplesvote
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 The vote will decide the fut
First 3 words of that missleading brexit video say it all. Ending free movement.!!!! Or ending freedom.!!!
Why do you assume geo-libertarians necessarily favor secession? I consider myself a Big L libertarian, and I think Brexit is completely useless -- unless Britain magically wakes up and becomes geoist, of course, but that ain't gonna happen.
Better they loose their jobs than their Souls &amp; their Integrity..you traitorous Rat!@!!
Well that is very true, I didn't leave just because of Brexit, it was happening anyway, but it is all opinion, even from the so called experts, even with them it's just a best guess.
Also the SNP, they have fought Brexit all the way and have many more green and socially just policies. Shame you can't vote for them South of the border.
Breakingviews: Theresa May Shouldn’t Bank on a TARP Moment for Brexit
BREAKING - BREXIT WARNING: Theresa May is an ‘INCOMPETENT arch Remainer,... via
Hi, I'm James. Just your common or garden reminder that Brexit as it stands is a terrible, awful, easily reversible idea. A reminder that the self imposed options are self imposed and we could always just listen to the will of the people again now we have more facts...
#DonaldTrump slams Theresa May's #Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
#DonaldTrump slams Theresa May's #Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
What are you actually saying, David? Do you think an #exitfrombrexit via a #peoplesvote would be the #finalsay on #Brexit? That's literally stupid. The low-information insular people who voted for Brexit will not accept #Remain-ing in the #EU lightly &amp; they've still got the vote.
The government's Brexit deal will be voted on by parliament very soon. It is a threat to our rights and prosperity, and we have only one chance to defeat it. I've signed this petition asking all MPs to vote against Theresa May's deal. Please sign too.
The Nigel Farage Show: Is Theresa May convincing anyone with her Brexit deal? 26th Nov 2018
No. We have a Brexit team voicing a clear message with both proactive and reactive capability working under Conference endorsement. Anything to undermine that will also undermine 1) optimum Brexit/Remain chances with dangerous potential 2) Labour standing. As clear as day
I liked a video Shocking: Brexit Will Ensure Israel Controls The World - Resign Theresa May!
Not for her , it’s all about her failure as HS . It’s getting to the stage after listening to today’s HOC debate that she is actually not fit for office #brexit
don't worry, you'll back corbyn's ultra hard brexit for your own career.
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
Trump showing the “special relationship” involves consistently saying the most unhelpful things at the most unhelpful times
#BOYCOTT SPAIN THAT SIMPLY...SEE WHO LAUGHS LAST
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
yes #Donald your correct #Brexit #MayMustGo
I can't march but I've signed every petition going. If Brexit continues, we are doomed to become airstrip 51.
The Labour Brexit group which donated to Ukip via
They'll also lose their seats if they follow May on this utter sell-out. Deliver the Brexit we voted for or get out of the way and let someone else in who will.
CBI represents EU or large businesses and promotes whatever the government tells it to whether they believe it or not. I think about 6-7% of businesses in the UK trade with the EU 12% GDP, even a no deal Brexit will have limited impact on most businesses.
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Ceacr
Brexit negotiations would have lasted half an hour with Trump in charge
In the end, #Brexit is about exchanging a dominance in financial services and science for a dominance in fish, isn’t it?
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Support Caroline Lucas if you can. She has been a consistent voice of reason throughout the National Crisis &amp; the Green party did the honourable thing by standing down in some seats in order to fully support tactical voting in the last election. #PeoplesVote #ClimateChange
Brilliant! #BrexitShambles #TheresaMay
what a day.
Sometimes meet a friend whose office is nearby for drinks &amp; thought I'd multi-task by getting presents . Then saw the CEO's false 'Brexit Boom' tweet &amp; realized I've never in my life had to consider a gift within the context of a moral decision. How sad &amp; inappropriate.
And deservedly so. Theresa has truly done the worst job imaginable. No matter what your position on Brexit, her deal is worst of all worlds. Unbelievable
Last winter 50,000 NHS operations were cancelled during the winter crisis &amp; no figures on how many premature deaths as a result Can you imagine how many will be cancelled this year with no effective opposition to brexit from a distracted Parliment !
#Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
I really don't think the impact of this statement is factored in the #GBP prices.
We need a strong Brexit leadership. What we have is a remainer trying to play games with 17.4m voters. Walk away now....
Love Island contestant Zara McDermott hits 'delete' on #Twitter following #Brexit abuse
The Independent: Brexit: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50 if MPs want to. via
#Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
I'd trade for any day of the week.....we'd be out of the EU with a freetrade deal
Theresa May has had her day Her Brexit Deal is DOA Now it's time she went away And let the voters have their say #GeneralElectionNow
A drop in the bucket compared to the 24 Mil + donated by Tory players:
TONIGHT: As talk of a TV leaders debate continues, we’ve decided to hold our own. Five MPs will make five different Brexit pitches, before facing the public 22:30 | #newsnight | | | | | |
SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT BREXIT AND TRUMP AND WAH WAH WAH Watch the mars landing. Fucking MARS LANDING. Live on your phone. Cast your gaze up instead of in &amp; enjoy human achievement. Fucksake. #MarsLanding
It's a shite deal. Remain would be better. No deal would be better. Getting rid of May would be best.
The latest Christ4Life! Thanks to #brexit #climatebreakdown
Wherein the clusterfuck continues... #Brexit
It won’t be as bad as the 2nd world war, We won’t go back to living in caves, It won’t be as bad as famines or what caused the dinosaurs to die out so should we not “wait and see” what will happen is not that your entire attitude to BREXIT?
Liam Fox says a trade deal between Mars and Britain will be the easiest one in the solar system after Brexit.
Brexit is such an economically bad idea it’s insane
I don't care about two super ego's practising for hours and talking at one another, I just want a proper Brexit for my grand and great grand children.
Now they are just trolling us. #Remain
Is May Launching a Stealth Campaign for a #Brexit Election?
Is May Launching a Stealth Campaign for a #Brexit Election?
"#Corbyn broke the cosy consensus on the economy, while keeping his party’s powder dry &amp; options open on divisive idiocies of #Brexit. Despite panicked manoeuvrings of part of his party, he's pursued a coherent, consistent line against #austerity &amp; reset the debate on his terms."
We must just put him right now. Don't take any nonsense from Macron, #Brexit #LeaveEU #Swexit
Many said no #brexit deal was possible. Suddenly one exists (however flawed). Now everyone says the Prime Minister can't get the deal through the Commons. But...can she? Me for today:
Well i think we ALL knew that was coming...sad but true..
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal? …
The #Brexit deal as a useful compromise to calm the UK intense crisis of nerves. via
Or you could join Labour. (Assuming you and 200-odd other Green cands aren't barred for life by the compliance unit. You probably are. Join anyway.)
No they dont
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Evidently the DUP are no longer interested in votes from the farming community. That's another section of society alienated. If you can put the clusterfuck that is Brexit out of your mind for a moment, watching the DUP destroying itself does deliver a little schadenfreude.
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade #Maymustgo
JUST IN: Just when UK PM May thought it could not get worse, Trump says: “Sounds like a great Brexit deal for the EU. Right now as the deal stands they [UK] may not be able to trade with the US. I don't think they want that at all, that would be a very big negative for the deal"
Left wingers voted for Brexit too. Typical Remain trying to raise the myth all brexit voters are racists.
That fucker couldn’t spell brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I fear the word backstop will replace Brexit on that front. God this is never going to end is it.
and Cabinet's original estimates were around the 18 billion... HOW have we ended up with a commitment of 39 billions if we don't even have a full BREXIT deal in place yet ? Can someone explain ?
Trump's reaction, asked what he thinks of the Brexit deal..
It's almost as if he's somehow involved and invested in all of this. Like his meetings with Farage and Banks weren't a coincidence. Who'd have thought?
*sigh* Well good luck with the recession after Brexit anyway :) I am sure you are rich enough to cope with a lot of savings.
Shameful lie
‘Oh my dear Kirk, yes you may leave the United Federation of Planets, but you’re stuck on an asteroid forever now, out in the cold’ Khan... allegedly. #BrexitDeal #brexit
A reason to support May's deal I would say...
#FBPE with hooded captive. Picture shows his elements of nuance are laid on the table next to mitigating effects of Brexit. FBPE insist this man was released unharmed.
I am glad President Trump has spoken out about Brexit deal.
The threat will be used to gain advantage in every area; fishing, manufacturing, banking and finance, defence, foreign and trade policy, taxation etc. May and any future British Government will essentially be running a Vichy administration in the end.
During my show on I "bang on about Brexit". Turns out Trump's been talking twaddle on Twitter. Eurgh tomorrow's Tuesday.
Steven Swinford ( ) tweeted at 8:13 pm on Mon, Nov 26, 2018: DONALD TRUMP ON PM's BREXIT DEAL: (
I don’t know what would be worse; Living in the UK on a crappy #Brexit deal OR living in the USA under the presidency that is T**t-bag Trump #fml trump
Right now we are saddened by the tragic death of our friends on Saturday on the boat cruise and u are telling us Kasese history. What's wrong with u? First go and deal with Brexit
Well if things were not bad enough now DT puts any deal with the US in doubt ( I thought Liam Fox and David Davis said they had the US sewn up? )
A "getting on with it" will mean another two years of this, then another five years of EFTA or something. So, at least 7 years more of this. A #PeoplesVote can mean that #Brexit is over and in the bin within six months. ?
#Brexit Plan Approved, But Divorce Is Still Far From Amicable
Gina Miller's letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote |
#Brexit Plan Approved, But Divorce Is Still Far From Amicable
"The Hokey Cokey (Brexit Mess–up mix)" David R Mellor - Liverpool Slam F... via ..hope you share this will have you in stitches laughing
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit Britain - putting the plebs back in their place since 2016.
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via
If can see the May's #Brexit Deal favours the #EU why can't she? Walk away now No Deal is better than a bad deal Please sign and retweet this petition as widely as possible #Brexit #Conservatives #MayMustGo #Trump
JUST SAW SOMEONE COMPARE GOT TO FUCKING BREXIT FJNTNFNTKSLTNXL IM DONE
Respectfully disagree. A GE solves more than just the Brexit issue.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
don't think you'll use antiEU card 4ever. certainly there'll come a time in which #SinnFéin themselves get to be antiEU. even if not in the near future: but it will come. by then their popularity will soar. &amp; i myself will support #SinnFéin &amp; forget about #DUP #Brexit me ASAP
Animal slaughter, religion and Brexit: Why religious rules on butchering beasts make many people see red via
Warehouses are filling up as Brits attempt to hoard goods against tariffs triggered by a Brexit with no trade agreements in place.
As someone who imports British products directly from the UK every week, this would be a problem for me.
Hanson is definitely even more annoying than Brexit #UniversityChallenge
BBCNewsnight: TONIGHT: As talk of a TV leaders debate continues, we’ve decided to hold our own. Five MPs will make five different Brexit pitches, before facing the public 22:30 BBCTwo | #newsnight | maitlis | MarcusFysh | LaylaMoran | Bill_Esterson |…
Can brexit just wait till my second year of uni so I can do a year abroad pls, a beg you just put it on a hold for a bit x
Labour argues for article 50 extension if Brexit deal voted down
#Brexit it will not be good for anyone, but it will be worse for the young british citizens who will have to deal with the consequences os their grandparents decisions.
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of Brexit medicine – cartoon
Are you lot for real you have the hard neck to call yourselves reporters start fucking reporting how bad this brexit is for Scotland get the real facts and do your jobs
Trump trying to sabotage deal
The best thing about this is that it PERFECT analogy for Brexit... Britain NEEDS POLES! Well done ... Sir Steve of Sodem!
Whatever your opinion on trump, he has hit the nail on the head with this one.
British people: ‘Brexit couldn’t actually get any worse right now’ Trump: ‘Hold my beer and get a camera in front of me’
Was anyone really expecting Sammy Gammon to apologise for anything?
Anti-Brexit activists launch bid to force Labour to back second referendum as pressure on Corbyn grows
Anti-Brexit activists launch bid to force Labour to back second referendum as pressure on Corbyn grows
#Brexit #BrexitDeal #teresamay Teresa May reacting to anyone trying to get her to scrap the deal. Interesting that she also has APs hair!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
says it all in relation who controlled deal deal a sell out to EU USA would agree deal - but we are handcuffed to Eu - and We pay them £39 billion to STILL CONTROL UK
Seems like everyone's getting a turn as Brexit Minister!
can think of no other way to reduce the number of #SinnFein's elected representatives
Brexit wil be so challenging
Hair say....#trump #Brexit
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
EUROPE NEWS: May begins intensive campaign to sell Brexit deal ...
The only thing #Brexit has does, is exposed the bigots, zealots and xenophobes. Can't believe people I know are so intent on supporting these fringe right-wing groups. Whilst you can purge friends, it is hard to purge relatives.
Nothing is too little when May tries to stamp her foot. Remember the DUP bribe? So do we.
3) Lets put Remain to one side for a second. In such a close vote, literally every Leaver would have to want roughly the same thing. But they didn't, it wasn't even close For every 2 leavers who wanted a Hard Brexit, 1 wanted Norway &amp; the single market, which are polls apart
May landing on Mars to sell Brexit....Must be a cartoon for in that!
as my mp I would be very interested in your views on this. Given you plan to support the Non Brexit against the wishes of your constituents.
This is true, but even neoliberal apologists can be correct some of the time. Any #Brexit is going to hammer what's left of British industry. £ will collapse. And UK already has a huge level of household debt. Cameron's #austerity could be made FAR worse.
As long as we end up independent I don't care.I.dont see England not voting Tory whatever happens viz Brexit though
Donald Trump Rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit Agreement: 'Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU' via
its still a tory cluster brexit and no whataboutery will change that
Rush Limbaugh Podcast Video 11/26/18 So Now the Russians Are Behind Brexit?
Russia, we can see ya all the way from Alaska. #tRUmpSOSCollusionConspiracyTrayShit
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Eastbourne is showing as #RemainerNow though. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD Theresa May is a "better" dancer.
Told as it is...Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' via
#C4News-rather than trying to cover #TheresaMay's failed #Brexit plan, how about focusing on how the continues to sell weapons to #SaudiArabia, despite knowing full well they are used in war crimes in #Yemen.
"The EU need us more than we need them" "The rest of the world will be queuing up to do trade deals with the UK"
Absolutely correct. The conservative party has always had a huge problem with appealing to young voters. It beggars belief that they could make that any worse. Brexit has the smell of a step back in time. Freedom of movement goes both ways. It's a tragedy.
Hardly a big rock thrown, but if anything a backhanded compliment. If Trump is against it, then the opposite course of action is something for rational people to consider...
Getting really fed up of hearing about brexit and Christmas now it’s not December!!!#giveusabreak!
Not falling for this - what Blair / Campbell called “masochism strategy” - soak up all the flack to garner sympathetic hearing
Are you as good at Brexit as you were at running a bank?
As far as I'm concerned, anyone who calls me a "citizen of nowhere" and my fellow EU citizens "queue jumpers" deserves no help at all. #Brexit
Another thing politicians in the UK aren't talking about is what happens when a load of British people end up having to move back to the UK if Brexit happens.
Oh how appropriate #Brexit
people outside of the UK underestimate how many #Brexit voters Found out about all this information. I saw what Greenspan , Larry summers, #WallStreet and #Thecity were up too in 2007 and we have spread information in groups for a decade. We want Destructive handcuff finance out.
If you think Trump's statement is anything other than Bannon and Farage's dirty work, then you need to take a long hard look at yourself. #Brexit
We've never reconciled how our Party could go along with Brexit. Won on lies and right wing, xenophobic propaganda. Inevitable job losses, lower living standards, less freedom, Labour areas and the poorest hurt the most. We'll never support it.
Thank you for your years of hard work making this happen, Jon. I told people that your attempts to piss off the President were not the depraved ravings of a lunatic and they were all part of a master plan to help the UK when it matters most. Now hopefully everybody will see it
Excellent Uncle Fester and the Marxists will fly into power. UK- Bankrupt, unprotected from terrorism, anti semetic, Pro Muslim, state controlled And no Brexit ever. Never living under such bums might I suggest you research Venezuela, they're rooting in bins for food presently
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
Oh dear
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
via UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
True!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Just wait for the honours list.
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-U.K. trade
The best thing about this is that it is the PERFECT analogy for Brexit... Britain NEEDS POLES!
This was the one thing we didn’t want to happen...
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' The Telegraph
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral injects levity and humour in #brexit #BrexitShambles
Can you please display some political backbone, resign and fight this terrible Brexit “deal” ?
did you get to see s binders?
He does say they will only give an 8wk extension for a GE and allow only minor changes by the new gov if no PV is planned and Brexit is still what the new gov is planning on. However if there's a PV offered they are prepared to be far more accommodating.
No deal is the Brexit we voted for.
The problem with the latest Brexit growth forecasts via
Negative OH. The deal will get voted down and then it’ll be a vote on No Deal (WTO departure) or No Brexit, then have a guess which wins?
Hold on.... The will of the minority being confounded, the will of the majority being considered for the first time in 2 years... Not dead yet. Give it time... we’ll get Brexit trashcanned soon enough.
With friends like these, ... #BrexitDeal #specialrelationship #USUK #tradedeals #winning
What film represents May and #Brexit best? Here's my selection #MaysBrexitFilm
States use/lend/share sovereignty for the benefit of its citizens. Sovereignty is of little benefit leaving it in a glass case We will need to replicate up to 760 deals (which we lose on brexit day) before we can think of future deals, which are unlikely to be as good as EU deals
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
I think Canada would look silly in a cape. Not as silly as Boris though.
What's right with it?
Vicar blasts government over #poverty, #austerity and #Brexit
A deal with the EU means Brexit doesn't exist in reality. It would place the EU as the shadow government behind the illusion of autonomy. The President needs to keep the pressure on the UK authorities to do the right thing to secure their freedom from the globalist cabal.
A pointless and uninteresting debate. Neither have debating skills and neither have a position worth supporting with logic and evidence. In fact Corbyn doesn't seem to have any position on brexit at all except collusion.
Boris didn't need a bus, just this fucking turd. #Brexit
No, she's right. Opposition comes from arguments dismissing government policies, not just the numbers of sheep ineffectually bleating in the wilderness. Do you really mean to say Labour's arguments are expressed as clearly and strongly as those from Caroline?
This guy has got #Brexit right every step of the way
There’s no story here. received funding for this and other Otley Rd improvement schemes in April18 to be spent by Mar20. We are working with cycle forum and Stray Defence to get their advice on alignment of cycle path before public consultation.
There are growing speculation that President Trump could oust Steven Mnuchin for disagreements with Fed Chair Powell.Dow and Nasdaq could enter bear markets as TradeWar, #brexit, Iran sanctions, Debt bubble, General Motor woes
Today on the Show: So Now the Russians Are Behind Brexit?
Nice one
Does ANYONE still think this is a good idea? If so, you should be removed from public discourse because you’re a menace to the UK. No more #wehadavote shit. This is serious! #peoplesvote #InformedConsent #FinalSay
The EU already morphed from EEC to EU. Next step is Federal EU. All member states governed by unaccountable Brussels. Brexit is not only about a deal, its about who will govern the UK. #VoteDownTheDeal
Hey lil Lil. Where u bin babe? Lol. I've missed ya!!! Yr admirer... Paulie Valentino x Welcome back 2 da crazy zone!Make yrself a strong cup of cocoa, take a deep breath, hold tight and whateva u do,DON'T START TALKING ABOUT FUCKING #Brexit !!! Peace, love &amp; respect 2 ya sista! x
Brexit: Theresa May's deal could leave UK £100bn poorer each year in first decade outside EU, analysis shows - The Independent
I was waiting for the 'because of Brexit' tagged on the end.
How has it got to this! Allowing &amp; to use #Brexit as a political barganing chip to force a General Election instead of ALL parties coming together for the good of the #UK. You are all #selfish asinine #Traitors #BackTheBrexitDeal back
US President Trump says it sounds like the Brexit deal is a good deal for the EU; as the deal sounds, UK may not be able to trade with the US Trump says (Via ) ...welp!
. British citizens don’t back Brexit betrayal. 408 constituencies will kick you into oblivion next GE &amp; beyond.
Fuck Brexit.
Why would we want to stop our own freedom of movement? Cameron didn’t even use the EU restrictions in FOM available to him, ask Farage...
Signed. May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Steve Bray's from Port Talbot. Hardly the 'metropolitan elite'!
Brexit favourite Michael Gove-Fuck-Yourself
If you’re a Fisherman in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Unbelievable how gutless this cunt is. Absolute snake
I for one will not be threatened by a minority of right wing bigots democracy is too big for that and anyway it’s too late Brexit has already reawakened the latent prejudices held by a small but significant minority of extremists in our country
And a people’s vote ?
I don’t recall Trump throwing a massive grenade into the mix featuring on that Brexit grid. Perhaps it doesn’t represent Government thinking after all...
Theresa May admits she was wrong to say EU nationals 'jump the queue' to enter the UK
Botched Brexit would hit house prices, say ministers
True.
Can I take a guess? “As I have said all along, this is the best deal. It is the only deal. Brexit means Brexit. It is the will of the people. Malfunction...Malfunction.”
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on Dec. 11: Business Insider
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I’m convinced Max lost a shit load of money on the Brexit result
The President is absolutely insane.
May's deal is a sell out.People are outraged at it.The EU have walked all over May &amp; are still doing it. She has betrayed voters,the Tory manifesto,Brexit,N.I. ,fishermen &amp; now Gib. I won't vote for her or it. If you don't dump both I hope you're kicked out of power
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
TONIGHT: We’ll be joined by the Guardian’s Polly Toynbee, the Spectator’s Fraser Nelson and Gideon Rachman from the Financial Times to hear which Brexit outcome they think is the most likely 22:30 | #newsnight | | | |
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
The fact that Trump doesn’t rate our Brexit deal is the one and only positive thing I’ve ever seen or heard about Brexit!
The latest The Northern Ireland Daily! Thanks to #brexit #sponsored
Distinct lack of plan post “stopping this deal right now”, Paul? What would you do? Assume you want a unicorn Election and to have your Brexit cake and eat it like Corbyn?
So little time, so much to do #Brexit #smallbusiness
There's not much to worry about, UK has some very hi-tech manufacturing &amp; new inventions. The main beneficiaries of #Brexit may well be African nations who cannot compete with EU due to tariffs... I hope Brexit will help people out of poverty #TradeNotAid
people's vote was in 2016. When will you get it? Suggesting a rerun of another referendum when the 1st is yet to be delivered is a dent to our democratic values. We need a proper Brexit and not the bad deal WA. Return to status quo is defeatist, dangerous and not an option.
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via
so the vote is on the 11th. On the 12th day of Christmas please can we have #peoplesvote
Given the state of the UK Govt, the Brexit shambles, tax cuts for the wealthy, and crippling welfare cuts affecting the poorest, would you not be better incessantly attacking the Tories as opposed to the SNP?
Remember this NEVER TRUST A TORY #ToryHypocrisy #ToryCorruption #ToryLiars
has scored an own goal!! #owngoal #brexit #NoDeal
Aaahahahahaha But what about the chlorinated chicken?? Can we just rescind A50 and have a #peoplesvote?
Why the Treasury’s #Brexit forecasts will be almost irrelevant
To people arguing we should back May's #Brexit deal because she's done her best, I agree she has, but that's not the point. The question is what is best for the country and most importantly all our children's futures. It is not a sympathy vote. 1/3
Wish he was dealing with this shitshow! Spot on!
This has good stuff on how Corbynism has a somewhat curious relationship with both Brexit and Trump.
The majority both sides border want it. The catholic population in the north is growing. it's only a matter of time, and hopefully that will happen sooner rather that later Brexit or not.
Some of those pushing for UK to leave with no deal also have considerable short positions prepared. eg Crispin Odey, a sponsor of Rees-Mogg, Johnson and UKIP.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 The vote will decide the fut
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 The vote will decide the fut
Welcome to the reality as to why 16.3m voted to remain in the EU. Did you occupy the Foreign Secretary role once? Maybe you need lessons in the proximity and importance of the Calais-Dover artery like Draab!
Great to see to be honest David. Accepted on all sides that this deal is worse than anything we expected. Makes a complete mockery of Brexit.
Well, that was worth holding hands and activating the Queen for.
Could it be we just got so pissed off with the bad bits of EU membership we just threw out the baby with the bath water? #Brexit
Just saw a dirty tabloid paper headline: "The age of the experts is over" Oh boy, let's say the age of the surgeons is over too and go wild in hospitals. It doesn't have to be like this. #brexit #PeoplesVote #CommonSense
I'm curious. If it's my (or my continent's, if you like) system, what interest do you have in Brexit? Why do you want to breakdown a system you have no stake in?
If the membership is so against brexit then why did so many labour areas vote to leave the EU in the first place?
This #Brexit patter would bore the tits off you
Well done once again to the for this. Your complete vacuity and lack of awareness is staggering.
Corbyn's opinion on Trident is its not worth having - Labour policy (to which he defers) is to keep it &amp; review. Corbyn &amp; Labour position on Irish border is "GFA maintained, no border" - always has been. Position on Brexit "try to negotiate #BRINO. If not, Remain" (No to NoDeal)
Former BBC Journalist On Why Brexit Stopped Him Being Neutral - LBC
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Thankyou ! If only your leader would agree.
I doubt if it would. As a Remainer I wouldnt unite behind Brexit if they won a #PeoplesVote &amp; I cant see Leavers uniting behind Remain if leave lose. But after what they have done to this country, it has to be said, I couldnt care less if Brexiters ARE hugely disapointed.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Both Poles and Polls
U.S. president Donald Trump has said Theresa May's Brexit agreement "sounds like a good deal for the EU" and may make trade between the U.S. and UK more difficult
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task? - BBC News
...Don’t be silly Amber...!!!.and you an MP for somewhere close to those #WHITECLIFFS...you must know #BREXIT was all about #SOVEREIGNTY.!!.and what does this #OLLYROBBINS/ concoction do for #UK #SOVEREIGNTY...#FFS.!!!..#TMay..#COLLUSION or CULPABLE NEGLIGENCE .??
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Trump used similar phrasing when visiting the UK.
Don't think she'll hold his hand after this.
I hope you do write such a letter, AND abstain from voting. You seem to assume that Brexit will lose the next inevitable vote, which is actually the only way to preserve democracy and to protect our country from chaos and an intergenerational rift. Get over yourself Oliver!
I thought that was a list of Brexit options...
Well, I wonder?
For Hard Brexit, we would need a constitutional dictator in a one party state after overthrowing the matriarchy and restoring the patriarchy after which the British would export their revolution to the rest of the EU.
it beggars belief you have someone like the Telegraph rep' on your programme talking up Christmas Brexit gifts - just about the most pathetic idea put forward at this time and that's saying something with all that's been uttered before. God help us
Brilliant- sums it up completely
UK, EU Officials Pledge Post-Brexit Cybersecurity Cooperation UK, EU Officials Pledge Post-Brexit Cybersecurity Cooperation European leaders have agreed to continue long-standing intelligence-sharing and cybersecurity ties with…
I've never been a member of a political party as a matter of principle, but if brexit goes ahead I'll be fully behind an independent Scotland.
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
But the crunch period over Brexit is a really bad time to be without effective government, and would make for a chaotic election campaign. For now we may need an interim government of national unity to oversee #PeoplesVote, and then a General Election
WORKING CLASS UPRISING AGAINST EURO-ELITES!!!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Conspiracy no 67321 #brexit Cameron sees what he has done "Shit! I've really fucked up this time! Its a long shot Georgie old bean, but I have a plan even more cunning than killing a doctor and pretending he did it himself by leaving him under a tree with a pen knife. Theresa!!!"
It does not succeed this article in debunking anything. Just a load of wait and see stuff.
For the "own goals" track down #EU #Quisling .
Great news. No mould, rat hair &amp; maggots being imported in food from the USA. A certain % of all 3 is allowed to be sold in products FIT FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION in the good ole U.S.of A.
Stuck in a room with May's broken record of a Brexit deal. Good luck with that one.
The Nigel Farage Show: Is Theresa May convincing anyone with her Brexit deal? 26th Nov 2018
Brexit will make GDP shrink by 3.9% annually
Been travelling today, so not up to speed with things. Is this so-called 'Bored of Brexit' a device to give permission to people and encourage them to opt out of what is happening in order to undermine a potential election / referendum.
This is starting to sound like some herald announcing the random blabbings of Queenie in Blackadder in a pompous official voice, as though they have substance.
This is how they get no Brexit deal: Offer a deal so bad no one will take it, Then leave things as they are. British citizens need to compose a Bill of Rights, and then fight for it. Thoughts? Appeaser Theresa: Back My Brexit Deal or Else
I guess it is time David for me, as one of your constituents, to ask where you stand on the Brexit question? Are you happy to go public to state, at this stage, whether you will follow party line and vote against the government, or do you have another view? Regards
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out via
What exactly is 'Norway plus', Norway's relationship is already membership minus. What exactly makes this different from the Norway option which has always been seen as unexceptionable by British voters
Yup, this.
Yo to all my bois in britain if you want YouTube to be intact you best vote out of the EU when the brexit vote comes around
MFN rules of the WTO preclude lowering tariffs for certain countries but others outside of a FTA. You want a WTO brexit but you have no idea what that means even at the most basic level.
Once again intelligent professionals making statements which suggest absolutes where they don't exist. By all means suggest there MAY not be any benefit to #Brexit, but please don't say things that simply cannot be factually correct at this time. Please be honest !!!
For once, you can’t argue with him
So? What a ridiculous argument. "We've already had that option once so we can never have it again" In what way does that make sense? Any vote on the direction of Brexit of course includes the option of no Brexit... or it's not a vote on anything meaningful at all.
I love this guy. Another #BBCbias failure.
THE NORTH IN GOT WANTS TO BE A SEPERATE NATION AND THIS PERSON WAS LIKE... THEY'RE GONNA DO A BREXIT AND KICK OUT ANYONE WHO ISN'T FROM THE NORTH...AND IM LIKE...ITS NOT THAT DEEP SUSAN WHAT ARE YOU ON ABOUT
'Sounds like a great deal for the EU' passes judgement on Theresa May's Brexit deal and questions whether it will allow the UK to trade with the US
We need a Donald Trump all jokes aside
Don't worry Theresa May's brexit is only pretend anyway.
Donie be dissing on Treeza.
Apsny News English: Spain threatens to oppose Brexit deal over Gibraltar veto
I've said this before many times - Mrs. May never, imho, truly supported Brexit. Her refusal to abide by the people's vote is breathtaking. Britain could use another PM.
Taking back control...
Dearlove poses the UK's national security dilemma at the backdrop of Brexit: to what extent and in what way should the UK involve itself directly in the security of the European mainland in anticipation of a crisis yet to develop? via
Anyone hoping the markets will force MPs to back Theresa May's Brexit deal is likely to be disappointed (via )
What about the brexit, Jeremy?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Are Corbyn's promises to invest conditional on Brexit or on getting elected to government? Such a weirdly sloppy tweet
People's Vote on the final Brexit deal: via
Thatcher crying tears only for herself when her own species turned on her. Like a cornered rat awaiting the inevitable. Fuck putting her on a £50 note. Put David Attenborough on or someone who can empathise with fellow Earthlings.
I like Burnley only on't turf could you get the wiff of weed drifting across the stand. Big big brexit town too. Up the clarets Burnley
So Poles a bit more realistic than the average Briton pre June 2016? Or an effect from Brexit?
not the right time to be abandoning or scorning our EU friends. . . silly silly #Maybegone. . .#brexshit #NotInMyName . . . #FBPE #Brexit #exitbrexit #FBR #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
As long as she says ‘deliver Brexit’ three times in every sentence, she’ll buy herself another week in office.
Get in line, she’s busily insulting Leave voters at the moment
Hilarious....this is the imbecile that Brexiters are pinning their hopes on making us rich again after #Brexit. Maybe someone should warn them?
None taken, votes against Brexit. And yes, we’ve definitely lost face but the whole thing’s a pantomime. May is the evil bad guy, the arch-brexiteers get to protest her, the outcome will be Brexit in name only and little will change.
UDI now and that but I could not give the square root of a shit whether or not the SNP are involved in a brexit TV debate. These TV debates are actually fucking shite
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
Just your daily proof that Trump wants to weaken the EU
Norman Smith..Can I further say, where is the editorial oversight that reigns in his overtly political bias. #Brexit
If neither foes nor loving friends can change you, If all men curse you, but none change course, If you can fill the unforgiving minute With sixty seconds’ worth of nothing done, Yours is Europe except for all that’s in it, And—which is more—you’ll be Brexit, my son.
we’re long past the point where the prime minister’s much-prized fortitude and stoicism has slipped into pig-headedness and outright stupidity. Or possibly madness....the prime minister is in urgent need of clinical help.
It's not the Brexiters that are weak its those Bastards remain trying to sabotage brexit. We need Leave MPs in charge and then you'll see the EU willing to strike a deal. Why anyone with a backbone would want to be ruled by Unelected bureaucrats in Brussels is baffling.
's other life finally revealed! #brexit
Sorry Jason, I hand you the chief Brexit numpties JRM &amp; Peter Lilley, former backing up the latter that WTO is a cinch. Time to put them right if you haven't already
On eve of Brexit: UK Exports to Israel soar by 75% May highlighted the importance of UK-Israel trade during a speech in London on 17 Sept UK Israel Trade Working Group
Nah. Democracy tells a pro-EU Establishment to get out of the EU and the Establishment runs the exit and deliberately wrecks it with a stupid deal that it tries like Fascists to put back to the people to rethink when World Trade Organisation rules and No Deal is the easy #Brexit.
#Trump just kicked #MAY right in the fanny. Good. #Brexit
TM’s purposeful ‘bad timing’ is all part of her plan of hoodwinking &amp; then stampeding the public off Brexit Cliff!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Remember, Brexit is for life not just for Christmas
I don't think the membership is convinced
Oh dear.
You'd like to think MPs are able to read and understand simple economics articles. Or, if not, just quote them accurately. It's not much to ask from our great and good, is it?
But it’s not Brexit... it’s a turd in a milk bottle. A capitulation by a Remainer PM who went behind the backs of those charged to achieve a deal; who covertly, in a parallel process, worked with the civil service to dream up the worst deal possible to give momentum to a 2nd Ref.
If this isn’t enough to put you off everything to do with the stories, nothing will! Eff off wotsit Hitler
I find myself in an unexpected position of fully agreeing with you.... Stop arguing, give people say on final deal... It's called INFORMED CONSENT! #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
A more tangible debate would be Blair v Johnson: ardent stayer v fervent leaver. You as host #Brexit #bbcnewsten
STOP BREXIT!
Don't you think the one thing the Brexiteers in Tory party fear most is a second referendum... If it was a really possibility it might push many to back May's deal fearing they would lose Brexit altogether. Maybe its for the best Labour keep their powder dry for now?Any thoughts?
BBC News - Brexit TV debate: Theresa May challenged to invite all parties I'll bet they are really for TV debate. Best of all hearing their own voices!!
We need to remain in the EU
"Jeremy Corbyn keen to use live debate to confront prime minister on domestic policies" Just about sums it up. He will go on a #Brexit debate &amp; ignore Brexit. I'm sorry but that is not good enough.
100bln divided by the population. Do the math(s)..
This is a bit doom and gloom for those seeking a new #Brexit referendum. The best/better case scenario is that ECJ says Article 50 can be revoked by UK with qualified majority approval from other EU members. After that, the EU has to get its political act together to keep UK in.
Brexit is Brexit deal or no deal out now and get on with life
Brexit: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50 if MPs want to - The Independent
On Brexit, the wrong assumptions lead to the wrong economic forecasts via
Vote on Brexit deal will take place on December 11
*voted* against brexit.
Rees-Mogg makes SHOCK border revelation - HIDDEN agreement in May's EU deal
It certainly will, the thumb screw commission has already been set up and they are all on crack apparently
DER SPIEGEL: If you could stop Brexit, would you? Corbyn: We can't stop it. The referendum took place. Article 50 has been triggered. What we can do is recognize the reasons why people voted Leave.
Terrible to see that #Brexit is destroying car manufacturing jobs all around the world
Retweet the hell out of this
ANYONE WHO BETRAYS THE BRITISH PPL OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES we wanted A GOOD DEAL NOT TO BE SOLD OFF
Smacks of desperation.
Well done, it could save the Conservative Party if enough MPs show courage. A new leader with a Brexit the country voted for. Opposed to a no confidence by Labour and Mrs May leading the next election. Worse case scenario. #MayMustGo
Fair play to the PM for admitting that she shouldn’t have used that language. Infuriated a large number of people when she needs all the support she can get.
People wonder why Theresa May is having problems in the UK. Well she just negotiated a shitty deal with the EU for #Brexit which essentially enslaves the UK until the EU decides to let it go. Stupid. Its just socialism and globalism at work.
Trump calls it...
Get onboard! Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
For those who are tired of seeing me speak about Brexit, this is a welcome relief. Also for all rugby fans!
Our ties with America will outlast this President, but Trump’s right on one thing - May’s deal is a bad one for the UK. When parliament rejects it, MPs should work to give us a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit.
... Her every action will upset half the population. Her list of allies dwindles. And, she is constantly insulted in the news, comedy and on social media. In pictures I see of her, she seems so exhausted. She has to sort out Brexit, but is also responsible for the entire country.
What positive options are other politicians giving to this brexit deal? None... they condemn but they don't have any answered themselves..... a inept and impotence hard brexiteers....
I mean, the chances Trump actually has a clue about any of the details of Theresa May’s Brexit deal are zero.
Blasting your gonads off with a gun is a better option than Theresa May's "Brexit" deal.
Like, it doesn't matter what your political spectrum. She is still a human. And she is trying to fight multiple wars, that we all knew from the off, that there was no true winning. She is effectively a political scape goat for Brexit.
Imagine if the Germans had paid as much attention to #Brexit as they have to the fine print of the UN migration pact.
He has a point
How will the UK survive without Apple or Microdoft products? Is staying in the EU the best option then? #nobrexitfornow
Brexit deal: How the numbers stack up against Theresa May
# Backstop = Shackles -- key with EU--- Backstop if prolonged enough the essence of #BREXIT will become eroded and Sovereignty UK will REMAIN embalmed
Why would Mr. Brexit say such things?
Who in their right mind criminalizes criticism ? #massmigration #invasion #globalism #EU #Brexit
"Let's leak a soft brexit plan to get the ERG on board with Mays plan" "It'll never work" "But we've got to find SOME reason to let Gove and Fox out of the cellar...."
Also on #CantonaDay Labour frontbench reveal new thinking on Brexit: "When the seagulls follow the trawler, it's because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea."
Stopping Brexit? EU's top court hears UK exit reversal case
There are 4 stages of the Islamification of a nation and this is proof we have now entered STAGE 2 , its time to get active folks
Love this video of #Corbyn - Take a listen to his core supporters (children) shouting down someone who has an opinion. Just 4 Days after the Referendum - Corbyn had moved on and was punting his dream of Socialism / Communism #Labour #BrexitDeal #Brexit
I am heartily relieved that my MP-representative will reflect my attitude this time. #Brexit now-informed #PeoplesVote - we neither ‘side’ should fear or frustrate democracy: “Leave - but EEAesque”, “no-deal-crash-out” “Theresa May’s deal (out)” or “remain”. We decide...
“yeah pal we did a big ol brexit for sure, absolutely massive one all over the carpet”
Theresa May is not capable of leaving Brexit. Remember she was a prominent remainer. Despite loads of cabinet members resigning it’s proving that Brexit won’t happen thanks to the government betraying the people!
Exactly. I explained this to a PeoplesVote Labour member friend last night and he stopped for a while then said that in the Brexit case democracy didn’t matter, because people were lied to &amp; didn’t know what they were voting for. My reply to that was don’t be so fucking superior.
is aware that "Ending free movement" Works both ways? What provisions are in place to accommodate those working in the EU that will have to return home Because of that "red line?" #Brexit
Only a man who had to stand to attention in front of his Nanny, Prefect and Matron stands like this in public. #Brexit #YesMummy #SirBernardJenkin
Lab likely doomed if they back Brexit and ending FoM. They won't win back Scotland, prob lose on Wales. The country wants a PV, Lab should be proactive and back REMAIN and PV asap.
More clarity after no10 tried to fudge the lines.
No. She could assassinate 50% of her MPs
Which was my point. We lose:- - the 4 freedoms (frictionless trade and right to live/work in 27 other countries) - our representation in EU institutions (but still have to follow many EU regs) In short, we lose lots of things we like and gain nothing. Not a “remain brexit”.
But you know as well as I do that May will get it through and if not we will leave with no deal, as she said we are out in March. Your a loser at politics and in brexit
This long thread is me kicking around some thoughts (thanks Daniel!) on what we may actually have committed to in the WA. I'm going to spin it out a little. My starting assumption (this may be wrong/change) is that the EU don't want an undercutting competitor on the doorstep
Why can't we? Because we've signed up to the precautionary principle and therefore can't bend on food regs the way we'd need to to look attractive. Like the monkey who typed Hamlet, Donald seems to have stumbled on this himself tonight.
Ahhh shit
Absolute capitulation resign now.
What's the point of 2 brexiters having a debate about brexit. Might as well be 2 fox hunters debating fox hunting. Pointless. A bit like brexit itself. Rubbish. I dont really hate anyone farrige but you are such a twat!
Let's hope they find there balls then because it hasn't happened yet!! We have so little faith in you MP's. Please prove us wrong
So we do a deal that includes the LPF provisions and what happens? No deal with the US. No magic bonfire of regulations. No great competitive buccaneering advantage. We now have a Brexit deal with most of the downsides of the protocol. And most of the economic damage.
Option Four We move towards a much softer Brexit and, after much wailing and gnashing of teeth, collapse on May's prized FoM.
nick cohen is like most remainers, who cant accept the democratic vote, so tries to discredit people who voted Brexit, sad man.
British manufacturing will be ‘driven by innovation’ after #Brexit
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B
Those in Labour noting May previously ducked a debate with Corbyn might want to consider what's become clear about Corbyn rather than what's changed about May to make her suggest one now. It's not his opposition to Brexit that makes May think he'll be easy to debate.
You do know there are other sectors affected by Brexit in Scotland too, eh? Christ, there's even other fushermen wi uther opinions tae those Tories you keep quoting.
Fuck Theresa May and fuck her shit deal. We're Great Britain, we need a cold, hard Brexit and someone with some balls....
Me: *explains Gibraltar drama to American colleague* Her: don’t they know that when you break an engagement, you have to give back the giant rock? #Brexit
#Brexit: Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn clash over withdrawal deal
TRUMP SKEWERS MAY. Prez says: Her deal is great - for the EU! Our dearest Prez sure knows how to cut to the chase! Says May shud go back &amp; renegotiate, hahahahaha #boris johnson #borjohnson #Brexit
THE BREXIT BETRAYAL :
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
So, the Treasury's forecasts for May's deal will be irrelevant. But I don't quite agree with this take; for the first time, the Government is being forced to compare versions of Brexit to Remain.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU': President Trump has said the Brexit deal is great for the EU and has cast doubt on whether the UK will be able to trade with the US.
#99cent #Special Money Does Matter ,MakeSure You are In control #FeelBetterJc #LaborLaunch #brexit, #fgo, #cherprangbnk48, #felizdomingo, #Blackfridayshopping #cybermondaysales #socialmedia
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B
domdyer70: RT RCVS_CEO: Delighted to be hosting our first veterinary stakeholder day at Belgravia House today, talking Brexit, diversity, #GradOutcomes &amp; telemedicine this morning; now over to our guests to help inform our new next strategic plan. First …
America First, Britain Last for Trump
Worth a punt huh?
Former Brexit secretary David Davis has warned that Prime Minister Theresa May’s proposed agreement with the European Union will “block every avenue of negotiation with America.
Brexiter MPs saying they don’t support a people’s vote because ‘we had a vote and people voted to accept Brexit’ yet they themselves can’t accept the Brexit their own govt has secured. Hypocrisy and illogical argument as always. #StopBrexit
We already knows it's not Brexit. So does tereason, it must be for a large EU pension.
Norway plus less benefits than now?
"Right now as the deal stands, they may not be able to trade with the US. And I don’t think they want that at all, that would be a very big negative for the deal.”
Nah, let them be as corrupt and dodgy as we know they are
We’re way past what *should* happen. It’s all just a parlour trick now. Sleepwalking into oblivion, for England and Saint George.
MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December
Readers’ Poll: Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any Brexit TV debate?
Don't worry.....we won't..... #Brexit #Sovereignty #Control #BrightExcitingFuture
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Like he's read it
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal Seems shes made such a mess even Trump thinks shes a complete Fuck wit
Absurd and insane.
Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit deal: "Failed and miserable" negotiations - BBC ... via ... Totally Agree with Him.
Brexit hot takes
Join me on Tuesday’s #BusinessDaily bbcworldservice as we continue our whirlwind tour of #Europe, looking at #France and President #Macron’s troubles at home. We ask what they could mean for his plans to reshape the #EU after #Brexit. 0930 CET/0830 GMT. BBCBusiness EdwinLane…
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe
Hello , why is the domain name of "UK's premier business organisation" hosted on name servers located in Arizona and Massachusetts, USA? #Brexit cc
The #Brexit deal will not be passed in the Commons. We will end up with a second vote, but with 3 choices. This deal, no deal, or stay in EU. The one that wins will be by only a few %. So, does it go to best of 3? We live in strange times, it might well happen!
It’s going so well Such an easy deal I’m so pleased we hold all the cards Still, Blue Passports, Royal yachts and Unicorns
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's essential that of this debate is to take place, then the heads of the Welsh and Scottish government should take part ! Or are they both scared of debating with ! #indyref2 #indywales
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Paging .
The curse has come across me cried the Lady of Number 10.
would you offer a referendum in any potential upcoming general election that will likely happen as a result of this cluster fuck of a Brexit negotiation? If so, you have my vote sir! #HailBuckethead #BrexitChaos #SaveUs
There is no deal yet - backstop is just a safety net to allow negotiations during 20/32/?? mths transition... Final (post-transition) deal/trading status is NOT in the Withdrawal Agreement - this is the so-called "blind brexit" most don't like- leave EU 29/3, final deal undefined
4% sales to the Republic &amp; a further 4% to the rest of the EU &gt;&gt;Brexit: NI businesses 'cannot cope with no deal - BBC News via thanks
Exclusive - Farage: May's Brexit Like 'Volunteering for Prison' - Breitbart News
Eu/uk draft broken down into facts/truths maybe remainers will understand this version... its only got a few pictures ... just incase you get stuck.... you all claim to know your stuff about the eu?????? Well then... give me some debate on these TRUTHS
No such thing as a clean brexit. 45 years of integration can't simply be unpicked overnight. It's leavers ridiculous &amp; childish demand it is that has led to May's monstrosity of a deal.
Hm yeh no. Maybe she did. Maybe she didn't.
Two-thirds of Britons want May v Corbyn Brexit debate - Sky Data poll
The deal on offer from is not in the country’s interests and must be rejected. It is not #Brexit.
It’s funny. The HTS fanboys are using the same game to take Sham back from the kufr and setup a Caliphate. Er as they say “Dawla”. Some have gone as far as Spain.
#Election2015 Leaders of all parties demand involvement in Brexit debate on PM's deal
And so Theresa May is PM, helped by good old Govey's sly stab in the back of the Etonian Heffalump. Chosen purely to obfuscate while she negotiates a Brexit deal so shit that no one in their right minds could support it and there will be unstoppable calls for a second referendum.
I'd have thought Labour MPs coming out the briefing tonight tweeting that it's utter shite would do that.
#Election2015 PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
we're in the middle of a global rightwing authoritarian trend, like the 1930s. I think we'll see some mondo dramatic failures elsewhere (Brexit, Bolsonaro) to swing the cultural zeitgest back. The end (for now)
#Obama8Wars flies to the UK to 'persuade' Brits to #Remain in 'eu' Doesn't work #Brexit Now #Drumpf attempts #Blackmail Both crooks
Is it true that Theresa May, instead of protecting our borders after brexit, is planning to sign the UN migration pact? We are going from bad to worse.
Spot on. Corbyn wants to leave the EU far more than TM does. He can’t achieve his re-nationalisation of railways and utilities whilst we stay in the EU, although he’ll keep us in the SM and CU; he’s a socialist &amp; doesn’t care about free trade deals.
I watched this afternoon/evening's proceedings in the House of Commons and not a single MP stood up to support Theresa May's agreement. It's dead already. Indeed, it was dead before the ink had dried. #Brexit #Leave #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #ChuckChequers
Surely what you are suggesting could be negotiated as part of the European Union and not as some petulant outsider?
Trump knows how to make deal don't forget he sorted Korea, start from we are leaving hard Brexit then let them come to us after all there is a trade deficit.
How's that £350million a month to the NHS looking?
Think people will realise that but given a trade deal has been sold as one of the ‘benefits’ of Brexit it doesn’t exactly help with the parliamentary arithmetic.
Donald Trump rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit agreement: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'
A view from Brussels tonight. Local newspaper cartoon. #brexit
Also he and Tim Fallon couldn't be bothered to turn up to vote against Brexit at one point.
There is an upside. After Brexit 50 quid might be worth so little that I can wipe my arse with her face.
Donald Trump: Theresa May’s Brexit deal is great – for the EU. My blog:
Theresa May reveals date of 'meaningful vote' on her Brexit deal
No, it will go through parliament cos MPs are terrified of the prospect of a No Deal Brexit and even more terrified of Jeremy Corbyn.
It goes along with brexit because Labour have a leader that wants brexit, anyone can see that.
4) But even more revealing, nearly 40% of Leave voters believed the cakeism fantasies of Johnson, Gove and all the "they need us more than we need them" Leave leaders - they wanted "everything we want", luxury, consequence free, "that'll show 'em", Rule Britannia #Brexit
Ditto Brexit Britain.
Agreed. Frankly, everyone who supports Brexit can fuck the fuck off.
I wouldn’t blame her if she threw in the towel but I wouldn’t be sorry either #May #Brexit
Does everyone read his tweets in that voice of his?? #boringsteve
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Theresa May tells MPs: no Brexit deal comes without a backstop
Are you mad? Millions starving around the world and the human race spends billions sending a heap of tin to a spinning lump of rock! Bollocks to Mars and Brexit.
Who was it? Mr P May of Maidenhead?
Sally is innocent #Corrie far more important than Brexit
With each &amp; every day, she’s exposing the fool she is. This didn’t start with Brexit. It started well before. Ask the police!! Ask Windrush &amp; Grenfell victims. Her disastrous &amp; unnecessary election. Treating taxpayers money as hers to buy DUP. She has to go or it’s Corbyn &amp; worse
Spoiler alert. Yes.
US Pres. Trump: Brexit agreement as it stands means UK may not be able to trade with US #UnitedStates #Politics #Brexit
I do think Brexit will reduce the number move. But players will still go to the UK
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Iain , I believe if Brexit/Article 50 is revoked , there will be chaos and quite probably Civil War. Is your panel so out of touch with us revolting peasants that you cannot see it ?
Whatever the precise meaning of President Trump's Brexit remarks...the one thing he definitely did NOT say way: "I'd love to see the Prime Minister secure Parliamentary support for the agreement with Brussels". More after the hourly news on
'Blowpipe Sex Twirl' has lots of anagrams but my favourite is 'Brexit Spew Pillow'. #interesting
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
At the time of writing this Tweet, , every single reply is asking you to vote down ’s #dodgydeal. Everyone wishing to contact Mrs Prentis directly can do so through
Regrets? I want an apology. Been here 30 years, never done anything detrimental to the UK (apart from being French ;-) ). #brexit the gift that keeps on giving regrets.
What will happen to the Irish border after Brexit, when’s the EU deadline and what currently happens at the crossing?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! #PeoplesVote #NoBrexitAtAll #NoDealBrexit #NoDeal
US Pres. Trump: Brexit agreement as it stands means UK may not be able to trade with US via FXStreet #forex #fx
Yes. But with no deal we would have years of economic chaos...
How can there be a debate when both sides agree the UK should #Brexit. Ridiculous.
#Brexit vote date on Theresa May's deal confirmed as MPs condemn it
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
[BBC] Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' |
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate - The Guardian via thanks
The consequences of Brexit for the French and European financial sectors - Paris, 23 November 2018 | Banque de France
Some other takes on this, not so good.
I would agree with him on this. Which is why I find it so hard to understand the Irish establishment's attitude to #Brexit . We could be good friends &amp; good neighbours. Of all peoples I would expect my fellow Irish to understand the wish of the UK ppl for independence from the EU
First poll since Brexit deal: voters want a new referendum
The first independent analysis of the government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year
A lovely lady has taken the time to write to you, do show good manners &amp; read it!
They don’t care about the mess Brexit brings they just want the political points of saying we could of done better. How is this what the Labour Party has become.
UK Alternative Finance Market Grows 35% Aided by Institutional Participation, Some Segments Slow &amp; Brexit Concerns are Significant
I agree. But he's his strategy is totally messed up since Brexit. I really do not see where increase Labour votes is coming from. As I said downward trend.
Yes the debate must represent all nations - here's the longer quote we issued earlier today:
Those looking forward to the chlorinated chicken are going to be really disappointed....or US foods with the permitted amount of fecal matter from Rats...
On the eve of May’s campaign blitz across the country to gain backing for her Brexit deal, the US President trashes it. Expect Trump to get a frantic call from 10 Downing Street and a tweet calling it ‘the greatest deal in history’ in a days time
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' -
You mean weak enough. This deal just codified and quantified the absurdity the Brexit vote was. No deal is going to be worse. Congratulations. You just hurt what you puport to love.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' -
I asked my MP to give me a list of the benefits of supporting the Brexit deal her reply is below, could you help me count the benefits? I can't find a single one.
Government admits it could try to halt Brexit if MPs want to
IAN DALE, The REFERENDUM WAS NOT DEMOCRATIC!! REPEAL THE 15 YEAR RULE, NO VOTE FOR COMMONWEALTH 'RESIDENTS', THEN YOU HAVE A DEMOCRATIC VOTE! 25 EU NATIONS RESPECT THEIR EXPAT VOTERS NOT THE UK! THE DEFENCE OF BREXIT DEMOCRACY IS A BLATANT LIE! NOT A CREDIBLE ARGUMENT
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
Debt bankers top of the list for #Brexit moves from London, from a newly located in -
I think that she could get it through, provided enough of the critics abstain rather than vote against. Seems possible, and May does have a habit of getting by on a whisker...
She can suck her mum
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate A debate to choose between shit and shite.....
It's really disheartening to see once rebellious musicians start turning into old farts like Bruce Dickinson, Morrissey and John Lydon.
#Brexit is seriously boring now. Can everyone make a decision if they wnat it or not. It’s constant back and forth considering yall voted for the shish is the first place...
Now imagine the faces of Junker, Macron and Merkel if we said we are leaving without a deal, we are keeping our 39 billion and we've agreed a trade deal with the USA. BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
The time is NOW #Brexit #Grexit #Italexit #FreeEurope #LoveEurope #LeaveEU
Hey! I'm not having a dig at Germans! I'm involved in a VERY mixed nationality family! And Brexit is causing heartbreak for us.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May regrets comments on EU nationals
Trump playing politics and probably a bidding job for his friend Boris Johnson to take over the premier. The deal only hinders trade between UK and US during the transition only, which is 4 years.
He's a kindly soul really .... I bet if we hand him the NHS on a plate he will relent ..
Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US +1 UKBot #UK #news
Remind me about those preferential trade deals with the USA that were awaiting us. Not quite going to plan eh?
I'm happy this bum is the figurehead for no Brexit. I'm sure he is the most universally despised person in the country. Then you add Soubry, Lammy, Major, Campbell, Cable and Hammond. Anything these bums concur on is wickedness
#DonaldTrump: #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
But not protecting the rights of all UK citizens living in the #UK. #BRexit #UKgenocide prevention
You know you have royally fucked up when even Trump sees holes in your ideas.
#DonaldTrump: #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
BBC News - Mars: Nasa lands InSight robot to study planet's interior if we can land a robot on Mars then surely Brexit can't be too difficult...
Absolutely
Look at the state of this comment from Robert. #windrush #UniversalCredit #homelessness
Trump straight to the point, this is a great deal for the EU.
They're not being much of an opposition on Brexit, that's what matters to me, both the big parties are sticking together on trying to get us out of the EU.
How about it ? Fancy going head to head with the 59% remainers? Have the courage of your convictions by going on
The commons would never have voted this deal through anyway. The worst thing you can do is allow people to make a decision they are incapable of making and that's what happened in this country when they allowed them to vote for brexit.
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B
“The United Kingdom should be cut off from Europe.” Chilling. Those who support brexit support Russia. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #WeAreEUropean
ScrewBrexit fec_62 CarolineLucas Yes the debate must represent all nations - here's the longer quote we issued earlier today: .news source: TheGreenParty
Just in case was hoping the trans-Atlantic “special relationship” would save her doomed #Brexit plan...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitNow #RevokeA50
Perhaps this will help:
BBCNEWS 12:44pm BREXIT DEAL PUSH
It's like watching Telesur
Brexit keeps getting better and better
Trump says that the Brexit deal from Theresa May could affect trade between the US and the UK
Suddenly I think this whole Brexit thing was purely so the BBC can keep directing me to their crappy .com site outside the UK.
If anyone “got us into this mess” it’s the LibDems; the party that enabled the Tories to present their ideologically-driven desire to permanently shrink state spending as economically necessary “austerity”, fuelling the anti-establishment backlash of the Brexit vote.
The London Economic - Open and accessible News, Business, Economics, Politics Finance, Sport &amp; Lifestyle.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' +1 UKBot #UK #news
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Trump says that the Brexit deal from Theresa May could affect trade between the US and the UK
#TheresaMay assembles Whitehall team to win over MPs to #Brexit deal
Leave and remain are campaign groups not the government of the country, brexit has been negotiated by remainers and extremely badly at that
1/I’d love to share your optimistic view of the population and how they’ve not been brainwashed but I’m going to leave this here. Plus,white racists are more likely to target non-whites because they are immediately discernible as ‘not British’
Oh this is the best! Trump has completely trashed the Brexit deal. ‘The UK cannot trade with the US’ - that’s it. Every Leaver will now understand Brexit is a disaster. Surely?
Again figures plucked from the air no evidence, totally fake, Brexit crumbling, country divided, what did you really expect that the EU would cave in, delusional
Donald Trump Rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit Agreement: 'Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU' via
#TheresaMay assembles Whitehall team to win over MPs to #Brexit deal
Fatally flawed Brexit deal is the worst possible outcome - via thanks
Trump says that the Brexit deal from Theresa May could affect trade between the US and the UK
You can't keep a good man down. Can't see the sign get a longer pole from B &amp; Q, whilst the BBC pay thousands for a higher platform. My money is on protest man. Lol
It's a remain Brexit because it definitely isn't a leave Brexit. It's a terrible deal designed to try to keep everyone happy.
Trump says that the Brexit deal from Theresa May could affect trade between the US and the UK
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' #UK | #RTGNews
Why should the Scots Govt do that? It's time FSB &amp; other business organisations started going to the root of the cause and challenged Westminster and the disastrous UK Union's Brexit. Brexit is a disaster for Scots business &amp; they need to address it. #Scotland #Brexit
Why bother, if we don't get a vote on it?
I’ve come to the No10 briefing for Labour MPs on the PMs Brexit proposals. I really don’t know why the Government doesn’t just extend Article 50 so they have a finished trade deal to ask us to vote on. At the moment it’s a shopping list and nothing more. #BrexitShambles
This can't continue..she's doing her worst before she gets her arse kicked out.
Time to create a Brexit government. The Tories have betrayed Britain.
Do grow up. This deal is a result of her trying to implement hard leavers ridiculous, contradictory &amp; fantastical demands &amp; red lines. You wanted hard Brexit, now you can see what a pigs ear it is.
Trump says Brexit deal could mean that U.K. can't trade with U.S.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
We've got to stop Brexit!!!
Seen this? Latest political slot SNP with Keith Brown,deputy leader on Brexit
BREAKING Prime Minister Olly Robbins, The EU and their PR front woman , said to be delighted at the prospects of not reaching a trade deal with the U.S.
#Trump warns May's #Brexit deal may hinder #UK trade with US
Economic Pulse posts lowest reading of 2018 in November The Bank of Ireland Economic Pulse fell to 89.9 in November 2018, down from 92.6 in October, as Brexit developments dominated the news...
Well, you know, they never really gave that giant rock in the first place.
Boris and Brexit gym punchbags help Londoners vent their rage Londoners fed up with Brexit can vent their rage with a special gym ..
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Trump says Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for UK via
Stopping Brexit? EU's top court hears UK exit reversal case
Every EU family is happy in the same way, but each Brexit family is unhappy in its own way
Oh how she must regret holding his tiny little hand.
Crunch vote on #Brexit agreement will be held on Dec 11.
A dangerous and useless buffoon in the White House the pointlessness of Brexit in Britain meanwhile a group of incredible human beings continue to push the boundaries of what's possible bravo Adam bravo to everyone involved an incredible achievement I'll be watching this closely
I thought with all the self induced Brexit feasco chaos you and all your non elected Scots Tory chums would all be high on Coke. Sit down &amp; let the Scottish Government get on with the day job. We are safe in there hands rather than your party's inept incompetence. People's vote.
“It’s the comforting lie than sells better than the objective truth.” - 6th Annual Hacked Off Lecture "Democracy in Crisis: Brexit &amp; The Rise of Fake News" with #fakenews #LevesonLecture2018
December 11th yh. This woman has dragged us into hell uno
#Brexit may be in sight again!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! It’s not a good deal for me, my children, my grandchildren or my country! #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
it is nothing doubt we'll have a gov. before brexit has happened tbh
A Brexit deal between Tories and Labour is just common sense - Coffee House via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
PM May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Thread. Brexit parallels?
Corby MP Seems absolutely mute on the whole Brexit issue/mess these days. And has said nothing publically about ‘ The Deal’
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
"They need above all to learn to construct alliances – as Podemos and Barcelona en Comú are doing in Spain". Podemos Barcelona en Comú more cojones than the whole Labour Leadership I was able to vote Podem local &amp; MEP now your stupid brexit takes that away
ouch - properly scorched there
has hit the nail on the head.... #UK owes #USA a debt of gratitude. As always #America has come to our assistance at a critical time in a history A friend in need is a friend indeed #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #KAG #MAGA #QAnon #trump #D5 #WeThePeople #TheStorm #FISA declas
Even if you don't care about antisemitism, it must be clear by now that Magic Socialist Grandpa considers the UK's most vulnerable citizens as expendable. He doesn't care if poor, ill &amp; disabled people die in a no-deal scenario as long as he gets what he wants.
#Trump warns May's #Brexit deal may hinder #UK trade with US
This guy has got #Brexit right every step of the way
Err brexit???? Your roor cause analysis is off. Of course you support brexit like chum You won't be forgiven You won't be elected as a result
The Irish border Brexit wicket-keeper.
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade- is that a negative vote from the Mr Trump as well?
#Brexit: Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn clash over withdrawal deal #BBCNews
I checked your tweets. You don't understand " leaving on WTO terms" See &amp; follow to learn more
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
Painful watching Welsh secretary Alun Cairns getting turned over by Jon Snow over #Brexit deal
SDLP veteran Dr Joe Hendron on Belfast Blitz, surviving loyalist murder bid... and why DUP has got it so wrong on Brexit -
bloody Brexit oh wait
so we will be worse over after #brexit? Well there is a shock....
BREAKING Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-U.K. trade
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-U.K. trade via
MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December
And here we go:
Only scorched-earth Brexit is good enough for Vlad.
was too
Date set for Theresa May’s Brexit showdown with hostile parliament
Stop Brexit. Give it back to the people. Promises can’t be kept. Time to call the whole shambles off...
THIS IS WHY WE'RE HAVING BREXIT.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Appeaser Theresa: Back My Brexit Deal or It’s ‘Back to Square One’
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
As Brexit approaches, asset managers have stepped up preparations for what may happen to businesses, even preparing relocation strategies. “The … sector is responding to the fact that risk management has to be more than a tick-box exercise.” (source:
In face of increasing opposition from MPs to Brexit “deal” - Theresa May writes 'heart and soul' plea to nation
He’s an imbecile
The baby actually gargled and then wet himself. Paddy Power have him at 3/7 on being the next Brexit Secretary.
#Brexit Breaking - Latest political opinion on Theresa May from the Misty Mountains
Overlooked but true point
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, a "strong single market deal" is meaningless waffle. Either we accept Freedom of Movement, which you have repeatedly rejected, and we can stay in the Single Market, or the EU will keep us at arms length from the Single Market. #StopBrexit #Brexit #PeoplesVote
It's now official. It's easier to land a spacecraft on Mars than it is for the UK to leave the European Union. #MarsLanding #Brexit
Donald Trump has said Theresa May's Brexit agreement "sounds like a great deal" for the EU, &amp; may hinder trade between the UK and US. So, basically Is saying the same as did. Let's see leave voters condemn 'President T' as vocally as they did Obama
Back my Brexit deal or risk – more division and uncertainty’, May to tell MPs
"Persuasion is something May is not that good at, as was confirmed in the election campaign last year. Attrition, on the other hand, is a method in which she excels"
Cc Jesus “for nothing is secret, that shall not be made known/ shouted from the rooftops.” Careful what you agree to, the whole world is watching. Age of the internet, you know. For the many.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
IF THE PARLIAMENT VOTES AGAINST THE PRIME MINISTER'S BREXIT DEAL THEN THEY SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES AND HOW CAN THEY CLASS THEMSELVES PART OF THIS COUNTRY.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' via #bbcnews
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
Legally I’m still on the side of the debate: Revocability of #Article50 (probably) possible. But it would create a very awkward situation: Will the EMA and EBA move back to London? Will #PESCO be un-launched and the #MPCC be closed? The EU seems to have moved on.
They're only alright, I prefer donkeys, cake and puppies better. Kittens are definitely better than trump and Brexit
"The company CEOs to whom I talk on post Brexit options sometimes wonder which planet Westminster inhabits, as it obsesses about theoretical sovereignty and abandons real sovereignty."
Brexit deal 'great for EU' and may hinder UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News via thanks
Cheers. Only an issue because of this Brexit stupidity. I hold on to the hope that they all wake up very soon and say STOP!!
May also has two important factors working in her favour - time &amp; fear. The British genuinely fear hard Brexit or "no deal" Brexit &amp; those possibilities are becoming likely Time is running out for those who oppose her to get her to back down &amp; change course
Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
WHAT IS SHE SUPPOSED TO DO?! This is laughable. All the MP's voting against it, knowing it will cause chaos, should be forced to resign. They're a disgrace. A lot of us didn't even want this Brexit thing, but let it finally come to an end!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Th world through the eyes of an old drunk.
So again the bbc and Sky will have an English leaders! Brexit debate with JC and May! No doubt Scotland, Wales and NI will be ignored as Brexit is just English political and economic suicide! On the 11th Dec WM will have a vote for a slow death! Brexit or Independence?
US President says the #Brexit withdrawal agreement sounds like a great deal for the EU.
In the event of a No Deal the Royal Navy should be brought in to protect British fishing waters #Brexit
Russian patsy
I love this. Did the BBC really build it to keep us out? They really do want to live in their ivory towers!
Labour abstained rather than vote against Universal Credit. Labour voted against the Scottish Government having powers over welfare. Labour don’t advance the 90% of membership who don’t want to support Brexit. So is a useless idiot. Bye bye NHS
The final death throes of the Tory party. Slow clap for May...
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Leaving aside the trivial Brexit stuff like the Meaningful Vote, how Article 50 could be postponed or revoked, Trump &amp; so on, getting to the crux of the matter: any heraldry update that anyone knows of?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Is it true that Theresa May, instead of protecting our borders after brexit, is planning to sign the UN migration pact? We are going from bad to worse.
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
No one’s buying your propaganda. This deal is so transparently terrible for the UK, and fails almost entirely to deliver on Brexit. I question your grasp on prevailing public sentiment and reality if you think this is popular.
The latest Moonbeams! Thanks to #brexit #imaceleb
NCT performing chain without winwin is like Brexit it doesn't make sense
Trump administration basically ignores the Brexit negotiations rather than help our critical allies navigate this perilous issue. Then Trump pours gasoline on raging fire in government of our strongest ally. He’s doing enormous damage on a daily basis.
This just gets better. Brexit is nothing more than a self inflicted clusterfuck brought about by a minority of Europe haters.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! Let's get thousands and thousands to sign and share!
Well well ... who knew ... Brexit: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50 if MPs want to - The Independent
Nigel Farage: May's Brexit deal the worst deal in history
we can see where this is going. Somebody in Conservative party needs to do something.
None. Removing Theresa May won't change the EU nor the UK's internal problems. It's largely a vanity exercise at this stage, to put in some sort of temporary No Deal Brexit PM who quits the moment the responsibility for the consequences has to be made. Maybe Davis/Redwood
Taking back control was never about all people seizing better opportunities for themselves, was it? As long as BoJo and Rees eat their cake, keeping citizens impoverished is ok. #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Remember when Obama said if we voted yay to Brexit we would end up at the back of the trade queue and the right wing press was up in arms! And now ... pfft.....
This though really gets me. It’s the arrogance of doing something that is so obviously false. The U.K. are really taken for fools by the IRA. And they are right. Parliament is totally clueless on this.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I liked a video Shocking: Brexit Will Ensure Israel Controls The World - Resign Theresa May!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Definitely want at the table. #PeoplesVote
Great news. No mould, rat hair &amp; maggots being imported in food from the USA. A certain % of all 3 is allowed to be sold in products FIT FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION in the good ole U.S.of A.
BBCNewsnight: TONIGHT: We’ll be joined by the Guardian’s Polly Toynbee, the Spectator’s Fraser Nelson and Gideon Rachman from the Financial Times to hear which Brexit outcome they think is the most likely 22:30 BBCTwo | #newsnight | maitlis | pollytoynb…
This is what the leader is thinking about right now. How terrifying is that?? #Brexit #MondayMotivation #ManUtd
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
So much for #Brexit
Trump's Letter from America...its a doozy
Can’t blame Brexit
Three of us here listened and none heard O'Bigot mention either of you - despite his threat to. Audio was awful and his talk was basically the sewer radio he spews each day, EU propaganda, Brexit hate etc.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
A good thread on the wider impact of immigration crackdowns. Currently applied to the US but with Brexit hovering over us it’s got to be pertinent here too.
Oh dear next season after brexit the average attendance at analfield will be down by 45% with how expensive fights from Oslo will become #EFC
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade - CreaWorldNews -
Well, I would like to think that mass protests will take place. But, in my heart of hearts I doubt it, sadly.
Hey hey Donny speaks. Well that's it then Brexit is bollaxed.
NASA can send a spacecraft 33.9 million miles to land on Mars yet the UK can only negotiate one deal with the EU... #Brexit
Just commented on : House of Commons to vote on Brexit deal on 11 December -
Mays saying to MPs, agree to her teers of Brexit, or lose job. That is 'exactly' what's going to happen March 2019. The show boat pretence of begging for agreement, is academic. May stands aside as PM. Parliament is controlled by Brussels. MPs become gagged and pointless!
I said similar recently. It's obvious to anyone paying attention (as MPs surely should be) that this is all a very bad idea, and if purely working in the country's interests they'd stop Brexit. But politically they'd never do so without having the people to blame for a change.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Donald Trump Rubbishes Theresa May’s Brexit Agreement: ‘Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU’
I know this is political, but Brexit or not, Brussels or not, please make sure the Good Friday agreement/ Belfast agreement is not breeched. Keep the peace. Gigikristo…
“From the very first sentence to the very last, it is a tissue of revisionism, wilful misdirection, false equivalences, and downright lies. You have a lot of bloody gall writing this to me.” in . #Brexit #OpenLetter
It speaks? For a second there I thought he was just a mannequin Theresa puts on the front bench to pretend she still has a brexit secretary...
tories could save face &amp; let labour take over negotiations for brexit. this would save having a referendum &amp; an election; labour's job would be 2 get the uk over the line while the tories stay in power &amp; keep some credibility. both parties could then work together for good of uk.
CORBYN SUPPORTS BREXIT. BREXIT WILL DELIVER NOT ONE BUT BOTH OF THE OUTCOMES YOU HAVE MENTIONED. WHY IN GOD'S NAME WOULD I VOTE LABOUR?
Never mind BOB -bored of Brexit-how about BOT -bored of Theresa!!
Last week chatted with about the latest in trade!
Trump, 100% Spot on....as usual.
MPs should just stop #Brexit now because it's getting silly and we're all bored of it...
Ofc after all Brexit means Brexit
5) But OK, we knew what we were voting for, and we knew that Brexit wouldn't be easy. We were prepared to pay because it isn't just about money Only, we weren't. Perhaps 25% of voters are prepared to pay the 3% or more that Brexit will cost us.
Theresa May’s 60 second film is misleading the UK about Brexit. Again.
More to read
yeah, but shes not a remainer doing #Brexit ... only a tory could get it so back to front...
For chrissakes , why do you continue to defy democracy? The single most important piece of legislation in decades, and the people aren't allowed to approve or reject it? #PeoplesVote now, or you're history along with May.
I have a moved Brexit position. I was remain, but am now Lexit.
You know as well as I do the hard Brexiteers want out due to tax laws. Have a look at the link I put up. The guy knows his stuff. These hard Brexiteers havecwaited ywars for this, they won't take it lying down. If it is a hard Brexit, it will be catastrophic to the economy.
feel free to read my other comments, thanks for the opinion:
#Maradona The latest #Labour spokesman on their #Brexit plan
State of this.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Do you actually realise what WTO trading rules mean? No successful country trades solely under WTO rules. The people who are pushing for Brexit claim we can as they’re finances won’t be affected when our economy crashes.
When Trump trashes May's Brexit deal, you know the UK is in a heap of hurt. Gibraltar and NI have just about been given away. Scotland continues to get robbed by May - independence gets closer every day.
Theresa May's Brexit deal could cost UK £100bn over a decade
Lisa we love you! xx
Long cabinet today as formal meeting and then political cabinet afterwards. Two parts to formal cabinet agenda today. No Deal planning and the Big Brexit sell. Told time split 60:40 between those issues with more time dedicated to No Deal. Why?...1/
Any plans, in the run up to 12 Dec, to ask Yorkshire MPs how they are voting &amp; why? I'm confused as to why some MPs like that represent a 'remain' constituency will vote for the deal ...??!! #votinghistory
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
Spot on, May's 'Out of Europe, but run by Europe' plan is a betrayal.
I also never said or implied it would be simple. I think the whole Brexit process has been a joke. Too much pontificating instead of getting on with the job of leaving. We have seen the EU, even during this negotiation process hold gun after gun to this countries head.
Snake oil was never such a hard sell.
Right from the start I've said that something entirely unexpected would save us from Brexit, it may even be !
Now remoaning Libtards are in no mans land. Say Trump is right or say the Brexit deal was good. Trump is spot on here. Always says what he thinks
Will you vote against May's calamitous Brexit deal?
Some of them will tell you directly that no, they do not consider themselves to be Irish in any way. Much like many of those from the UK taking Irish passports to evade Brexit outcomes. Immigrants are not a homogeneous mass you know.
Damn. There goes the Remainer’s favourite ‘Chlorinated Chicken’ now.
Trump wants a hard Brexit then... let’s just hand him the keys to the NHS
No good without someone who opposes Brexit, otherwise this is pointless.
US Pres. Trump: Brexit agreement as it stands means UK may not be able to trade with US -
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds #PeoplesVote
MPs must vote against the betrayal deal. #Brexit
was chosen even before the referendum to carry out this act of #treason
#Havant's MP, the remainer has given his support to #TheresaMay's #BRINO offer for #Brexit and our indefinite membership of the #SingleMarket and #CustomsUnion by RTing May's position.
May is a xenaphobe #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit
He’s trying to get rid of her?
Corbyn is hard Brexit. Anyone who can't see that is a fool
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Petition: Leave the EU without a deal in March 2019. #Brexit #Standup4brexit #DitchTheDeal
Also just got my renewed passport back and it looks hella brexit-y. Like warg1 for the weird colours and bare paragraphs
Fact check: Likely cost of Brexit: £100bn a year worse off (this ignores the £1bn paid to the DUP for their votes in the current parliament). 1/
Good let's put another nail in the coffin - no deal 'EUROPE IS FRAGILE!’ Emmanuel Macron warns Brussels on BRINK due to Brexit
Easier to land on Mars than brexit
... she is counting on the fact nobody will want a Jacob Rees-Smug government
Perhaps MPs lean towards the status quo (Remain) because they are generally risk adverse. They have also atrophied as statesmen/women due to sovereignty sacrifices to the EU over time. Brexit requires a kind of leadership &amp; vision many of them frankly lack.
Brexit news: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal | Politics | News | ( yes, PM, this is a very good deal for Britain!!!!)
Both are Schengen so no passport required within the Schengen area even after#brexit other than on initially entering the area as now
The latest The Jean-Baptiste EU Daily! Thanks to #europe #brexit
Exclusive - Farage: May‘s Brexit Like ‘Volunteering for Prison‘ via
I've yet to meets Green party who hasn't flip flopped on almost any given subject.
This deal if passed will see the demise of the Conservatives. Only way is to get letters in, unite majority behind a Brexit we voted for. Otherwise May will lead the Tories to biggest ever defeat in history.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
This is the problem with FactChecking. You can't "factcheck" an ideological priority. Corbyn's priority is that more money should be spent on public services. What economists "think" about this is neither here nor there. It's up to the public to judge if his priorities are right.
Listening to podcast. You don't appear to discuss the issue of an England out of EU and the hard border that gives to an indy Scotland. I suspect that's why NS is pushing the no brexit over indy at the moment.
Pete, have any of the Brexit-supporting MPs sought your (and Richard’s) views/advice?
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
Happy to come together after the traitor (Brexit means Brexit, no deal is better than a bad deal in case you're unsure to whom I'm referring) has been consigned to history- which incidentally will not regard her favourably. Then, after a real Brexit, can the healing begin.
It’s stupid but discovering my first set of grey hairs has been difficult. I’ve been googling things like “once your hair grows grey does that mean all your new hair will now grow grey” it’s pathetic. I blame Brexit for this... !
The Donald nails it! It's a great deal......For the EU!
Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
Caroline Lucas: Brexit TV debate must be cross-party | The Green Party
Government admits it could try to halt Brexit if MPs want to
A Corbyn fans crib sheet for debates: 85.9% of minority community think Corbyn is a racist - “Iraq” Magic Grandpa missed a vote on poverty to have a nap - “Iraq” Corbyn is openly a Brexit supporter - “Iraq.” Corbyn is going to lose the next election- “Iraq.”
I first met Jeremy when I was fifteen, he was little older but would debate anyone. How he has changed preferring like May the spectacle of a managed debate.
I hope there’s no trouble down there, but the anti Brexit protesters don’t have to be there. We never organise protests when they have their remainer protests.
And when you hear from melvin king,it makes carney look like he has a loyalty to the EU?
If Brexit is such a good deal for the country, why are you so afraid of another vote now that we know the terms we face if we leave? You and your Brexity mates may not be stupid, but you protest too much to democracy for my taste. I say just two options, clean break or remain!
Benedict Cumberbatch ‘demanded his role as Brexit chief Dominic Cummings be darker’ Remoaners don’t rest do they ?
A country that is our largest trading partner and most important ally. This inept PM and govt have a lot to answer for. National embarrassment.
If #Brexit isn’t stopped, it’ll go on for years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years and years
Don’t doubt that the US establishment want to turn the UK into a vassal state like the did after WWII. Yes, the same maybe true of the EU, but we are a big player in the EU and bend it to meet our interest. The US will pwan us.
Thank goodness, the domain name of the UK's independent aviation regulator - - is hosted on its own servers, apparently. But they could do more to protect their intellectual property from hijackers. #Brexit cc
The reason she is delaying the vote for 2 weeks is so that her signing of the UN Migration Pact on 11th December is buried in the debate over Brexit. The woman is a liar, manipulator &amp; traitor. She has no integrity or loyalty to the people of this country.
Corbyn's support of Brexit is the most shameful betrayal of Labour values in the party's entire history. Even Blair, for all his egregious faults, never set out to hurt the poorest at Corbyn is now doing.
I disagree with this view of #Art50. See the article "The Roads to Reversing Brexit" linked in my pinned tweet.
Yup. It's them or us.
Been trying to understand this Brexit deal this woman’s got us but finding it more and more confusing as I dig into it. Any good a dummies guide to Brexit I can have a read of!?
The issue about LGBT rights and protections outside the EU has been lost amongst the Brexit chaos so I’m glad you raised this important point. We’re a very progressive country but we’ve seen the pendulum start to swing back elsewhere. We must not let that happen here.
Great. That probably means it’s a good deal for UK and our trade talks.
Let's also caveat that Theresa May didn't personally revoke asylum offer to Asia Bibi but was pressured by pro-Islamist lobbyists who 'feared' offending British Islamists would lead to terrorism, leaving May no choice while she faced a coup for managing a Brexit she didn't vote.
Does that tower have planning permission?
If GE first guaranteed to have brexit. If peoplesvote first we will get GE anyway
Depends whether Labour decides to support her, as so many of their mps are in brexit seats
UK will head into unknown if Brexit deal rejected: May
How will May sell her Brexit deal to British MPs? | Raw Politics
argument is not the beginning of the end, but only the end of the beginning. #brexitzealots banging for another two or more years will be what happens if MPs support the deal. save us, please!
Cometh the hour, cometh the man, Donald Trump has just politically destroyed which should hopefully start the beginning of the end for her as PM. #DonaldTrump #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #Trump
If Parliament votes against May's chaotic Brexit deal there is no need for further chaos, they can go on to instruct Government to revoke Article 50 #EndTheChaos #StopBrexit
Simple Poll Will get the votes needed for her #brexit deal on December 11th Please vote and retweet
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
The US president issued his warning hours after the prime minister faced an onslaught of criticism from hostile MPs in the Commons
Trump on May's crappy Brexit surrender: "Sounds like a great deal for the EU...they (UK) might not be able to trade with the US."
And now that’s EVERYONE sticking the knife into Theresa May.
I’m old enough to remember when Leavers got very upset when American presidents intervened in Brexit.
Only the can be really trusted with #Brexit and the nation's best interest. This is why I joined them and why I think everyone else should. #SDP
Running out of people to do the dirty on....... shafted the Br people, shoring up #May over a deal to destroy Britain. He pretended to be a Brexiteer. WHAT A HUGE LIE. #Brexit Not a peep from Gove about what Macron is doing to fisheries.......
In the same way Brexit will be implemented?
Exclusive - Farage: May's Brexit Like 'Volunteering for Prison'
#LloydGeorge #Brexit Currently, our children can: Work in Berlin. Get married in Prague. Start a family in Tallinn. Buy a house in Kefalonia. Retire in Florence. EU Free movement is a reciprocal right - the great economic, political, cultural and social achievement of our time.
Brexit will be easy. They need us more than we need them....all goes tits up. When will you apologise?
How did they not get that they needed to do this months ago and proactively involve Labour in the negotiations?? May invites Labour MPs to Brexit briefing as she begs them to back her deal - Mirror Online
I don't think you get Brexit, it was never going to go according to plan ... even when there wasn't a plan.
"#Brexit: the application for annulment of the decision authorising the opening of #Brexit negotiations, brought by thirteen #British citizens who live in #EU Member States other than the #UK, is inadmissible" [#PDF, General Court of the #EU]
Did he add 'PS. Brexit is shit'?
Trump is literally selling the deal better than May ever could! Don't really like how it's the American Republicans who benefit the most from brexit, and who fund our lobbying think tanks are running the show in the U.K Then again Trump dribbles out a lot of bull
Brexit is suicide
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' on Politics Today -
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
UK's May pens open letter to Britons lauding Brexit deal
Caught up belatedly with Sunday Supplement on my run today. Thought handled interview with "Leave Means Leave" Peter Lilley superbly. Some of Lilley's #brexit claims were, quite frankly, outrageous. Firm challenging from made it bearable.
The person saying this is either hilarious or has no grasp of irony
#Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US #news
Are they brexit in disguise
It is too early to state whether there will be a Brexit dividend or not. It is all very emotional at this stage. We are end cycle, and we will know after the next recession, which is overdue.
Trump - he says it like it is.
Nothing like a free-trade daemon to thwart our Brexit.
Name one thing you’ll gain from brexit.
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs. Defending the indefensible! This is not going to get through the HOC is it?
The latest The Slugger Digest! Thanks to #brexit #success
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Not exactly the message that Number 10 wanted. (Presume, Trump means do a trade deal with, rather than trade with per se)
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Even the Americans know that Theresa May Brexit deal is good only for the EU.
#MPs to vote on May's #Brexit deal on 11 December A 5 day debate (sic) I think the tactic must be to just wear them down. Endless waffling coming our way. Always wondered about what 'Dark days before #Christmas' meant.
Trump gets it...again. #MAGA #BritainFirst #BrexitmeansBrexit
If Treeeza don’t like it, she can always bugger off. I have no sympathy for her being on the receiving end of an #HostileEnvironment She brought it all on herself. #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I’d love to see Britain spearheading commercial supersonic flight again. I think it would send out a clear message post-Brexit that we are a global nation, and help make the best of the situation.
Can you imagine if the #BrexitVote had ended as #Remain Do you think they would let the nation have a #Peoplesvote ? No. Of course they wouldn't. They would say we had a democratic vote and we must respect it. And respect it we will. We voted for #Brexit
No way. Just getting warmed up after 30 months of idiotic crap from Conservative ignorami!
I’m sick and rather bored of people tweeting about #brexit (yes I get the irony of my brexit tweet) If only people had put this much effort into thinking about what it really meant before they made their vote. Everyone is suddenly an expert now!!
For once I agree with great deal for the EU, our So called Prime Minister sold out her country to deliver a Brexit deal NO ONE VOTED FOR. She should be tried for TREASON
U CAN'T fix but bankrupting history sure knows HOW to make it WORSE. ANYONE consider He is doing this to screw and in his bid to Make America Great Again?He's acting like a rip off NY developer..screw the competition &amp; lil guy
If I am correct you were for Brexit. What happened to change your mind,the realisation you would lose 50K and a company car. How you can support Treason May is beyond me. The electorate will not forget, turncoat traitor #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow
needs to listen to his membership and scrap Brexit in the interests of the many. How's that mitigation going in Wales, by the way? #Hypocrite
Bosses in London warn Sajid Javid on foreign workers' wage cap #Brexit
Proving that he hasn't a Scooby how the #Brexit process works.
Yes... jojo is becoming a bit of a hero in this mess. So good to hear sense spoken in this mess
Is it true that Theresa May, instead of protecting our borders after brexit, is planning to sign the UN migration pact? We are going from bad to worse.
“President George W. Bush’s October 2008 Wall Street bailout; the $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program was rejected by Congress, prompting a huge slide in stocks that threatened total economic collapse until Capitol Hill reversed its opposition.”
Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
Jesus Christ! Unbelievable. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Likewise if we are conned out of #Brexit and #NODEALS people will oppose it..on the streets!
I’ve never seen such mess in my life and I’ve witnessed Ceausescu’s dictatorship !!!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'' | via
Theresa May gives speech attacking antisemitism - minutes after gruelling Brexit exchange via
New examples for the British presidency thesis
Cut your losses, BREXIT is DEAD. Deal with it
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
Can’t imagine.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
how do you feel about brexit stopping foreign workers coming over and doing much needed work for things like nurses , cleaning jobs and fruit pickers as they can't fill the vacancies
Maybe write the top 10 post-Brexit dishes we’re allowed to eat once we leave the EU?
Sounds like the only good thing to come out of this deal, then
I was just reading that Youtube has instruction video's on how to do everything these days and had a thought "perhaps Teresa May should have ' Youtubed' "How 2 do !" instead of just winging it. If the deal fails to get passed she'll be able to make 1 "How Not 2 do "
Its remainer May who did this deal when it should have been a Brexiteer such as Boris Johnson or David Davis who should have done the job. We would have had a brexit deal sorted by now so dont give me that BS ive seen to many of you FBPE bots bleeting the same shit.
We remain and make headway on the issues. 1. It wasn't true re borders or immigration. 2. It wasn't true re nhs. 3. It wasn't true re sovereignty. 4. We're suffering economic hardship. 5. The EU wasn't the problem, austerity and some Gov handling was... Was there anything missed?
DEC 11 Day of Brexit Vote- All Day Protest outside Parliament!
I'd consider this compromise if it means we keep our freedom of movement. Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B
He says that the three orders needed for the new council to be created has been approved in parliament and is effective from today - meaning #Brexit will no longer stop the council from being formed: #LDReporter
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
They didn't put that on the side of a bus. "At least it won't be Armageddon"
We feel defrauded by the prime minister, for blatantly ignoring the increasing call to abandon by pursueing such a dangerous cause! This is not democracy!
DEC 11 Day of Brexit Vote- All Day Protest outside Parliament!
Yes Labour's Brexit policy is unclear as remainers attempt to foist a second referendum and with Starmer &amp; Blair calling for re-entry. Corbyn said second vote should not be ruled out. 2nd vote is undemocratic attempt to undermine 2016 referendum result.
The unicorn might vote for May and lead her to the rainbow bridge to Asgard which will open the Brexit cloud and rain £50 Thatcher notes on all of us! (Not 50p Brexit coins we hope. That's in the draft proposal but will be negotiated better later)
Would that be farmers who are subsidised by the CAP? #brexit
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
Forget , he has nothing different to offer. vs is the real debate. A proper episode of Deal or No Deal, seeing as is on #ImACeleb currently!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I thought it was only philosophers who bred hairs to split them #peoplesvote
Brexit is shit.
Macron used water cannon on his own citizens. Think about that. If we all protested about the lack of Brexit like this - what do you think our brainwashed cult member HomSec would use on us non brainwashed public?
Some years ago - never mind how long precisely - having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world. It is a way I have of driving off the Brexit. After HM's Moby Dick.
And she will lose miserably
6) and this is why May has continued to speak only to Leavers &amp; to ignore Remainers - because it's the Leavers she has to convince, and hold together. Remainers aren't buying this deal, they also were fully aware that Brexit was going to be painful or pointless
MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December
*Special relationship *
Tagged them into this thread. Delingpole replied already.
#BREAKING Theresa May's Brexit: GREAT DEAL FOR THE EU. RIGHT NOW, AS THE DEAL STANDS, UK MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO AMERICA TRADE WITH AMERICA AND THAT IS NOT A GOOD THING.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
“The one thing #Brexit has not changed... is Britain’s sense and ambitions"
“When socialists follow the Brexit trawler, it is because they think power will be thrown into the sea”.....
Trump says Theresa May’s Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
GIDEON RACHMAN: Why 's #Brexit deal deserves support #BrexitDeal #WithdrawalAgreement #TheresaMay
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
"Even Donald Trump – not the sharpest tool in the box – knows this deal is a bad deal": Trump says PM Theresa May's #Brexit agreement "sounds like a great deal" for the EU but may hinder trade between the UK and US
I think it’ll be ‘aren’t you all sick of this? I’ll get on with the only possible deal’ Corbs will push for an election for his better deal, ‘the EU says this is the only deal’ then he can be guilty of No Deal, No Brexit etc. He attacks her back... I doubt this achieves anything
&gt; The Indy will be far worse than Brexit argument is arrant nonsense when Brexit involves isolating ourselves from trade blocks &amp; alienating partners + ripping up hundreds of international trade agreements etc which no country/state has ever done before. &gt;
Just found in a Xmas cracker, when is an exit not an exit? When it’s a BREXIT of course .I’m here ever week folks!
Why don’t you get the fuck on with opposing the shit out of Brexit? The country is falling apart and you’re tweeting about Cantona?
Tagged them into this thread. Delingpole replied already.
UK Parliament to vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal on 11 December
There are currently 24 countries objecting to our WTO tariff proposals.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral. Via #stopbrexit #peoplesvote
7) Really fuck off the monkeys in Brussels and - with Brexit in place have zero negative effects on Ireland!
As it's turned out we voted for no deal. We would have liked an amicable withdrawal but it appears that the EU are never going to let that happen.if Remainers had got behind Brexit we would have got a far better deal but as it is the EU smelled weakness and went for the jugular.
I'm wondering if there are any other people /things I've similarly assumed were fake that aren't. Hard to tell in the Trump /Brexit era.
This seems worth a crack #brexit
1/ Better late than never. The recognition by et al. that the only sensible Brexit option (EFTA/EEA) needs to be entered into seriously as a new relationship is very welcome. EFTA is not a “friend with (temporary) benefits”. BUT (short thread) ...
This is more exciting that Brexit
Brexit showdown puts Britain's fault lines on full, irate display | CBC News
Very true. He does call a spade a spade
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Why aren’t Cabinet spending all their time on no deal preparation rather than selling May’s bad deal that is DEAD!
you've let down the people, you didn't fight the Tories and went along with Brexit. You did this because you wanted to support the majority but you should have realized Brexit was harmful to Britain. Your negligence has led us to this. Time for a #PeoplesVote
You have to laugh at that statement, of course May has the EU’s backing it’s part of their plan to destroy Brexit
Mays Showdown naht via
We are in crazy territory then a complete mess. Brain dead brexit Tories will prob force a no deal thru that is the most likely outcome and we will all suffer except for MP's who huge wages will go on as usual
wrong to some extent:- I don’t think it is wise to say that 38% of Scots and over 50% of Cymraeg voted for English Nationalism. But they did all vote for a blindly stupid idea. Brexit is just the current location of a international battle between progressive &amp; regressive forces.
Spot on Mark. Brexit is like a fire that burnt down the house with the crew of the fire brigade outside not intervening because it was a matter of principle.The power is in the vote. USE IT NI OR IT WILL BE THE SAME OLD STORY!
Sweet dreams Mrs May. Your #BrexitShambles isn’t just being condemned across the HoCs, all around the UK, but seemingly around the world from those you expect to rely on to revive our collapsing economy if you get this #shitpie through. #PeoplesVote
“You have the power to both ensure an option to remain is included in the parliamentary meaningful vote, &amp; if this vote results in an impasse, ensure there is a public vote, so the people of the United Kingdom can throw parliament a lifeline”
I also think he’s got his words wrong, “B****ks for Brexit” sounds like a part of his body is supporting it?
US Seeks International Support on Crypto-Linked Crime #bitcoin #altcoins #ico brexit
Not unlike York and West but there’s no ‘i’ in Draab!
Where did it go wrong? The election and appointing #Barwell #brexit
Sign. Sign. Sign. Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Bring it on! Soothing tunes with the wonderful
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US, Trump says
She is a traitor!!
Fuck. Get some real experts!
Corbyn tells May to ‘bring it on,’ as PM considers live TV debate on her Brexit deal
Donald Trump has said Theresa May's Brexit agreement "sounds like a great deal" for the EU – but may "hinder trade" between the UK and US
Despite a democratic vote of 17.4m to leave the #EU combined with a manifesto to deliver #Brexit, May's current remain deal betrays all.Specifically the pledge to "sign trade deals with countries around the world.. The USA are ready to sign trade deals with the UK"
The latest Daily News Gardez! Thanks to #ucl #brexit
She commit suicide if she go ahead with this!
Endless genius and hilarity
LONDON CALLIN TO THE FAR AWAY TOWNS BREXIT BETRAYAL THE BATTLES GONE DOWN.......THE 9TH DECEMBER WE MARCH ON THE GROUND......CAUSE LONDON HAS FALLEN........
You know as well as I do the hard Brexiteers want out due to tax laws. Have a look at the link I put up. The guy knows his stuff. These hard Brexiteers have waited years for this, they won't take it lying down. If it is a hard Brexit, it will be catastrophic to the economy.
8o% of Donald Trump is great. At these difficult self inflicted qauos partly made possible by the personel in downing street. Britain will be grateful for a change of personel on brexit agreement. That individual must be 80% Mr Trump.
I do not want chlorinated chicken in the food chain and big corporations taking over the NHS. Go away Trump.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The next doom &amp; gloom scenario over Brexit: toilet paper crisis should the UK leave
Fact check: "Especially if the EU goes as slow on the next phase of negotiations as the last lot": David Davis lied to parliament about Brexit report prepared in 'excruciating detail, and the cabinet could not agree on a plan (and still can't). 2/
So #Brexit is still a thing, huh?
It's like watching Venezuela-based Telesur: "Maduro's spokesman says that the cabinet has congratulated the President on securing a deal with Mercosur"
You championed Brexit Boris, you tell us. #dontstartthingsyoucantfinish
EU court rejects Britons’ anti-Brexit case: #wjn #crimenews #justicenews #Brexit
Walter Mitty of politics strikes again
President Trump has said the Brexit deal is great for the EU and has cast doubt on whether the UK will be able to make a trade arrangement the US. Speaking to reporters outside the...
Well, shit..... #BrexitShambles
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Joseph Heller Brexit: "To leave the EU, you had to trigger Article-22. But that would trap you in eternal negotiation. To stop Brexit you could vote a deal down, thus hastening the hardest of Brexits. The only escape was a referendum - but that would defy the will of the people."
So we bale out Europe TWICE in two world wars. The second WW left the UK bankrupt while other countries INCLUDING Germany received money, aid &amp; food to rebuild. Now, we need to give EU £100Billion to go our own way. The mainland european way eh?!?! #brexit #BrexitDeal
An attempt by to interfere with the upcoming “Meaningful Vote”? no doubt incited by his chums Nigel, Jacob and Boris? But there is some basis of truth in that doing trade deals will be impossible under this half-breed of a deal, so better stay in the EU! #brexit
I knew it,,, Jeremy corbyn,s Pregnant Brexit False Labour Miscarriage !?
How JoePublic out there with no TxF3Cash2spare4Gold/StocksörShares will BrexitPrööf their life's?When every rd in Brexit State according 2 JRM leads2decades of economic unkonw?When their HorizonS not longer than the Channel!Anything further will only TURN2HASSLE?ALL 4 BS&amp;LIES!!?
“Taking back control” ”strong and stable” #StopBrexit #ToriesOut
The World`s Next Big Thing is here! #ajopinion #brexit
Brexit deal will cost UK £100bn a year by 2030 - BBC News
Brexit must be replaced by remain now. This joke has gone on long enough.
1. EU no longer UK business. 2. Being richer because of Brexit will assist in reducing UK issues. 3. You underestimate Brexiters.
Worst deal since swapped his box on Deal or No Deal and ended up with a tenner. Question remains, where’s that “twat” who started all this? #trottersup #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Donald Trump speaks on climate change. Twitter "The man is a fool, lunatic a denier" Donald Trump speaks on Brexit. Twitter" The man speaks the truth, wise words, sense."
Can you think of one single political issue in history that has caused such divisions in our society. Such mistrust, such chaos and such polarity and potentially such a threat to every aspect of of lives as Brexit (no deal) because I can’t.
Yes. You might want to mention ALL those opposing #Brexit which is clearly not in the national interest in any sense
Thread:
Good piece on the threats facing the EU (and it’s not #Brexit) via
Just in &amp; catching up on news. Interview with . Why, yet again, you, as BBC Political Editor and like all other commentators, do not ask question " So if there is Referendum 2 what happens if result is same as Ref 1?" #Brexit
Even the Americans know that Theresa May Brexit deal is good only for the EU.
This guy should not be an MP - 3.9% annually is worse than the Great Depression - The report actually says 3.9% over 12 years or 0.28% annually - and the forecaster has a poor track record of being correct
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
capitulation and surrender looks like this, general election now
I have no idea what this obsession with FU is about? Rest of us participate in what EU schemes we wish to. In any case #Brexit is happening, so question is, PM's deal or WTO terms. Nothing else is available, sadly.
Lying again Lammy, it's 3.9% over 12yrs !!! What is it about the truth you lefties find so difficult ???
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 - BBC News
Arise Dame Morgan, Defender of the Indefensible, Keeper of the Lost Principles, and Dweller of the Privvy Chamber.
"Prior to the referendum in June 2016, it was revealed that Labour Leave's two biggest funders were Conservative party donors, and its third largest was the official Brexit campaign Vote Leave."
"corbyn keen to use the debate as a chance to confront the prime minister on domestic policies.." HE HAS A DESIGNATED TIME TO DO THAT EVERY SINGLE WEEK!!! WHAT IS THIS MADNESS!!!! .. and breathe
No deal Brexit is correct
MPs can direct the government to revoke Article 50. And the government knows this. Brexit nightmare over!
But, whatever happened, Bishop Baines warned, “we’ve got a very divided country and a corrupted public discourse.” #brexit
Never do anything complex which commits yourself for years/decades without a detailed / robust plan. Risk is managed in business not seeked for blind ideology. Just attack remainers as Brexit makes less sense each day....
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' via
[BLOG] Donald Trump: Theresa May’s Brexit deal is great – for the EU |
US Pres. Trump: Brexit agreement as it stands means UK may not be able to trade with US
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Donald Trump: Theresa May’s Brexit deal is great – for the EU
[BBC] Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' |
probably go up if its a no deal (crappy deal will cause uncertainty for decades )
Theresa May accused of 'betrayal' as EU backs Spain over post-Brexit Gibraltar [ ]
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' -
Sorry, absolutely no support for you. You stopped listening to people since you became PM, and now UK WILL STOP LISTENING to you. #Brexit vote was held based on many lies which must be investigated. #BrexitShambles #BrexitLeavesBritainNaked
A hard border on way - former WTO head
Let's be absolutely clear, when voting on the #Brexit deal MPs WILL be judged on their party loyalty, if you are #Labour and you back it you may as well join the tories #GTTO
It always mystifies me that people still vote for LibDoomed. We all know you can't trust a LibDem!
Theresa May has unified the nation with her Brexit deal. We all hate it. #PeoplesVote
So Now the Russians Are Behind Brexit? via
In order to earn the right to be heard by the low-information insular people who voted for #Brexit and argue for an #exitfrombrexit via a #peoplesvote need to first affirm their love of country, pride in Britain's heritage &amp; belief in our institutions of self-government.
You don't live in reality. You've never once questioned Brexit or challenged it. Seems meek acceptance is your thing. Quite embarrassing really.
But we are not either way. Brexit is like putting a lock on the front door. We can still hop over the fence out the back. Or just move house.
Poll: May‘s Brexit Bungle Near Universally Unpopular!!
Bet they think Brexit’s a joke too..
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Perhaps Trump will expound on his #Brexit viewpoint later today on Twitter. Could be a long night.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
PM confirms #Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Anti-Brexit activists launch bid to force Labour to back second referendum - The Sun
How did they work that out? #Brexit
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
Sorry but that would be utterly pointless, waste of time and money and would not put the Brexit issue to bed.
Your becoming another turn coat on brexit Ian, Andrew Pierce is another one.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' President Trump has cast d
U.S. president Donald Trump has said Theresa May's Brexit agreement "sounds like a good deal for the EU" and may make trade between the U.S. and UK more difficult
The wedge between the DUP and business has absolutely nothing to do with support for Brexit which could obliterate the NI economy and shatter a fragile piece. Catch yourself on Arlene, no one is buying your nonsense.
Theresa May is turning her back on our greatest ally, America, and cosying up to the EU instead. She has to go!
Sorry, but it’s absurd. You may have noticed a global rebellion against establishment politics from both left and right in France, UK (Brexit), Brazil, etc. Our current politics are part of that systemic wave. Some liberals are struggling to understand this scary new world.
The only outcome of Brexit
Aw bless the poor wee Brexiteer. Grow up. You voted to utterly ruin the UK and its allies in Europe with an act of wilful isolationism. You reap what you sow. I hope your Brexit project fails as hard as it deserves to.
May defends #Brexit deal to sceptical MPs
Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US |
May defends #Brexit deal to sceptical MPs
I loathe The Guardian but this is the most brutal and accurate piece on May I have ever read. Merciless and utterly cruel. And she thoroughly deserves it.
At you really that deluded and stupid, or do you think the rest of us are? We all know this is BS. I hate Brexit but May has worked hard for what she wants while you sit on the sidelines like a coward. You are limp and pathetic and will never be forgiven for enabling the Tories.
The first independent analysis of the government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year
Either way, it’s a problem of our own attitudes in the UK. I volunteer with asylum seekers and I know that Brexit will not help them one iota. They are waiting for warmth from a country that is growing colder.
Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' President Trump has cast doubt on
Interesting one for our students on agricultural policy module. Has the CAP failed UK farmers?
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
#BRexit #UK still singing to end the #UKgenocide #worldnews Let the work begin. .
And the ref was advisory and was never meant to be acted on the way it has been. All expert, not political interest, evidence shows clearly that the brexit would be a calamity and people want to remain now
Reality strikes.
Yes! And they need to also change their name.
In crayons. Writers that can't write for readers that can't read Don't buy the sun.
*Zone 2 dinner party voice* I regret to inform you that I will be reluctantly voting in favour of Theresa May's Brexit deal
Never mind Brexit... Haitch is ruining this country. Can’t believe how it’s acceptable at so many levels of education
So, eventually, they can join the planned EU ARMY. Great. #brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
Not brittish.... European. ...we the UK couldn't change it if we wanted to... until all 27 eu do too... #brexit
And they say #Brexit will be bad for business, yeah, we know why dont we #NODEALS
MPs can act safely in the knowledge that, per their Party's rules, they should vote as per members' motions at Conference. Members voted for the option of a PV. Nobody in their right mind will want to face their family or constituents saying they effectively supported Brexit.
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat: GERMAN… #Brexit #ClickBait
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal: US PRESIDENT… #Brexit #ClickBait
And if you ever wondered what Trump thinks about "The Deal", now you know. Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade - Sky News
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' President Trump has cast d
The Latest: Ex-Conservative leader criticizes Brexit deal
I don’t need to, I already know. Lord Bamford is one of the worst. Fined £22,000,000 by the EU and stands to gain massive from Brexit. A low pound is a bonus for him.
wonders what is the point of having a debate about Brexit between two people who both support it in their different ways - one pretending he doesn't and the other having turned her coat? This isn'r democracy. This is a farce.
Would be incredible for the politicians supporting #Brexit to pay for this bill from their own pockets. I wonder how quickly their opinions would shift? #PeoplesVote
History may yet regard the handling of a defeated and depressed Russia in the 1990s as like its handling of...
Any distraction from Brexit needed. Perhaps if we read all ten, we’d forget the horror for just a moment or two. Then cook all the recipes that would get us to December at least
It's the latter Penny. The chequers fiasco proved that without any doubt. Sidelining 2 brexit ministers also a bit of a give away.
#Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Yes it’s amazing what was marketed by cheats, liars, frauds, happyclapper exceptionalist Cakeist racists and xenophobes as part of the con of brexit. To have worked for such a campaign and see all the above at first hand.... well
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
The puppet president would prefer we crash out without one to please his boss
Slippery avoidance... not good enough
Not only is Mrs Mayhem refusing to give a voice to those who oppose her, but Corbyn now plans to hijack any TV debate for narrow party advantage. Neither May nor Corbyn are fit to run our country! BREXIT is the biggest issue facing our country and...
#Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
I enjoy TP but can't help ragging on it because so much is Bickerton &amp; Thompson projecting their views onto Brexit. If Leave voters are happy just to leave the EU, why do they hate this deal..? Look at the polling ffs. When Runicman finally pushes back at the end they collapse.
Political move by the courts a day after signing up for May's deal? #AlreadyNotFine
This is what happens when you let the mindless dysfunction of the Home Office into number 10
This, and also that Fallon was widely recognised as one of the most staunchly loyal and reliable Tory MPs during his time in Cabinet.
cyber monday? auch bei spreadshirt
We NEED that deal with the US if anything positive is to come out of #Brexit... No deal is looking very real now.
I would be grateful if our Bristol MPs would pass on this message to their "Leader" Thank you for your own individual good work, you have been failed as much as we have.
Call it Brexit comfort eating, American style...
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' President Trump has cast d
Daughter is in Zurich. Cost her nearly eight quid for a pot noodle, an apple and a yogurt in the Co-op. Even Toblerones are more expensive there...This is what it will be like post Brexit for us ..#PeoplesVote
Some will, some won't. We are evenly divided on FOM and Brexit.
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Oh dear Andrew
Ah! The grandees of Socialist Labour.
Plan B. Cut your losses and deal with it. Brexit is dead.
She’s just sorry to be caught out, nothing else. Otherwise why even think it?
Chocolatier Mars s 100yrs old multi-billion dollar business still privately held, family-owned What puts billion$ at risk for them? Brexit Could prevent manufacturing in UK Entire line of business at risk Cadbury facing same risks &gt;&gt; #MyraMonday
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
"real Brexit", such a thing only exists in the heads of a minority of mad Brexit cultists.
Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump has dropped a Brexit bombshell by suggesting the UK and America would not be able to strike a trade deal after the...
As an EU IMMIGRANT i am starting to seriously lose the will to live. The uk voted Brexit get on with it so we know where we are
"Not perfect" ? It's a HUMILIATION for our country. We CEDE control to the EU, continue to pay them and be ruled by them, but with all our influence LOST. It's the worst possible outcome and we must REJECT IT.
The point you make, makes me so sad. The reply I received from my MP stated that, although she voted to Remain, she feels she must honour the vote for a fantasy Brexit that was never possible. Also, if Remainers are "Remoaners" why aren't Leavers "Quitters"?
I would have thought that Brexit would have stopped the convoy of water tankers to the South of France that ensures their vines don't wilt and die!
Brexit news: Furious backlash as German comedian MOCKS Brexiteer MP | UK | News |
Not on ‘pause’. #Brexit needs to be scrapped once and for all. The boy deal we’ll get is worse than what we have now. So why proceed? It’s like trading in a nice car in order to get a clapped out old banger. Why would you do it?
MPs to vote on Brexit deal on 11 December
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US, Trump sa
Theresa May will put her Brexit deal to Parliament for a decisive vote on December 11
A new negotiating team with the same divided country, flawed mandate, impossible vision for Brexit, weak negotiating position, and no time left at all.
Many populist uprisings accross the EU reflect the loss of true and meaningful democracy. This momentum will collapse the EU. Brexit is the pressure valve to avoid the collapse of traditional politics in the UK. If only you Remainers would open your minds&amp; see the big picture
Gina Miller for Leader of the Opposition! Gina Miller for PM. My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
May's deal needs to be thrown out, along with her. people like you need to do more and you need to do it now. Your country needs you
Amidst the nonstop Brexit loop, I hope the impt journalism by #bbcpanorama a/b how medical implants are approved in Europe won’t be lost. Poor studies, missing data, high failure rates &amp; system open to producer capture—allegations that need to be pursued
She is not working in the interest of the country, she is working in the interest of Theresa May. When her/The Tories policies stop killing people I might then stop loathing her, but I doubt that will ever happen. My sympathy is with those who suffer because of her party.
Wait, does this mean it’s a good deal for the UK??
Please don't tell Bridgend Tories. They wanted me disciplined by the Labour Party for pointing out that brexit could lead to recession
Yep and most of the brexit Tories want what's best for their bank accounts! We're fucked whichever way it turns out!
He is actually right this time .
It was Germany who said let them all come in. So let Germany keep them all
You're probably right, James. Bashing each other over the head with Brexit ideals and munching on self righteousness.
You missed the bits where you side with fascists and your enemies to get the country to block out white Christian Crusader reinforcements and rival Islamic tribes so you can complete your domination faster... If you need a shortened version call it “Brexit.”
UK COLUMN On eve of Brexit: UK Exports to Israel soar by 75% May highlighted the importance of UK Israel trade during a speech UK Israel Trade Working Group
BBC News - Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
when will your party end it's abstention in the 6 counties ? It says a lot about your character when you are willing to use something as important as brexit to score cheap political points
Michael Gove 'decided to back May's Brexit after hearing how UK would run out of clean drinking water within DAYS of No Deal'
May defends Brexit deal amid MPs' attacks
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' #svpol #pldebatt
7) But Leavers weren't aware of the painful/pointless Brexit paradox, at least not all of them. Perhaps 20% were, and didn't want a painful brexit, and perhaps 40% were so far gone they didn't care about the consequences but 40% of Leave voters were in blissful ignorance
#fullthrottlerock IRON MAIDEN's BRUCE DICKINSON: Why I Voted For Brexit
you might want to share this re: food standards post-Brexit:
Business leaders rally behind May's Brexit deal amid fears of crashing out
[World] Donald Trump warns May&amp;apos;s Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US |
So, once again, #Trump is more than willing to flap his yap and make the already dire #Brexit situation worse. Yet somehow he can't find any words for #Russia and #Putin as tensions with #Ukraine boil. Never been clearer the extent to which he is #unqualified
Even the other members of the have been clearly disturbed by this current course of action! Ask the people again if we should abandon urgently...
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
Get the man who negotiated this deal to sort out the Brexit deal
You speak to the People about the perils of Brexit. You encourage people to sign up for FinalSay. You put amendments forward for a PeoplesVote #EURef2
Ridiculous vox pop in Leeds all interviews conducted in the market area in middle of day predictable result total distortion of current views on Brexit
Ozzy Osbourne doesn’t understand Brexit, not sure if it’s a ‘big deal’ | Metro News
Bollocks
Will #Brexit help bring many people in African nations out of poverty? Free Trade agreements with African nations will remove barriers they face when trading with the EU, finally Africa will have a wealthy European nation to do business with! #TradeNotAid
WOLFGANG MUCHAU: This #Brexit deal is the best available #TheresaMay #WithdrawalAgreement #BackTheBrexitDeal
The latest The Red_BK Daily! Thanks to #ajopinion #brexit
I liked a video May's Proposed Brexit Deal Explained - Explaining Brexit
Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
Iain Dale tells a Tory MP that his party can not rely on the public getting bored of Brexit for support for Theresa May's deal. |
On behalf of the majority of your constituents both those who voted Leave &amp; Brexit. The Prime Ministers Deal on Brexit does not make any of us happy. The PM is being stubborn &amp; the EU have deliberately not budged to create frustration within the UK, Vote against it !
May defends Brexit deal to sceptical MPs From
This is now a core hours only Brexit account. You want an opinion, you get it done between 10 and 3 GMT, otherwise save it for tomorrow
If this stops the US exporting all its factoryfarmed meat to us, then this is the ONLY advantage of the current Brexitdeal
Not brittish.... European. ...we the UK couldn't change it if we wanted to... until all 27 eu do too... #brexit
tell her to do one then stand up for your country &amp; tell her the people have all realised that Brexit was a scam. Remain!!!!!
My dad is a Taiwanese citizen nowadays, reckon he's probably as pro Brexit as I am. Although I am a bit scared to ask in case I have to disown him.
Lizard features doing bits again
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
The Brexit vote will take place on 11 December, the chief whip confirmed. so same day as the signing of the UN Migration Pact. For those not aware of it, it allows unlimited 3rd world immigration into UK by making illegal migration legal &amp; places severe restrictions on speech
Nigel Farage: May's Brexit deal the worst deal in history via
Nigel Vs. Tommy: the Politics Behind UKIP's Brexit Ego-War via
No deal is better than a bad deal #Brexit #NoDeal
First poll since Brexit deal: voters want a new referendum
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
We do have leverage May and cronies seem to ignore that
Thing is devolution was never meant to bring in a Scottish Gov and I think that's why there is an attempt at a power grab just now using brexit as leverage to do this. There is a great book called Blossom by looks at the Scottish perspective + indy/ poss applicable
No. Unleashing the unicorns with a fantasy referendum did this. The loons who said brexit would be cost free and wouldn't lose out did this. Ay has just crystallised the inevitable trade off between "sovereignty" and economic disaster onto paper.
Stop lying and DO something
Well, he would, wouldn’t he?
But Theresa May's deal doesn't settle Brexit - not by a very long chalk. It sets us up for years of wrangling and uncertainty.
This sounds like a positive to me. Keep our food standards high and our NHS safe.
Trump hs never said anything trueful in his life. I'm warming to Brexit.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 -
Why did people vote for Brexit to happen if there was no real choice to leave to begin with?
Wait, wasn't he a Brexit supporter?
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Sadly so true
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Have to agree
Deal or no #BrexitDeal . Here’s how #BrexitChaos could pan out...
Same message from another snivelling, spineless betrayer of democracy. To support the liar May, is to his eternal shame. This is in no way a Brexit that was voted for, to claim otherwise is to be complicit in a fraud that will never be forgiven.
when is it right to start getting travel money with brexit in the works ??
YES SHE BLOODY CAN, IT'S PEOPLE LIKE YOU THAT MAKE IT HARD FOR US THE PEOPLE OF THIS COUNTRY TO BELIEVE THAT BREXIT WILL WORK.
It looks like we have a choice between Brexit - GE - Corbyn gov, or GE - Corbyn gov - Brexit (or GE - Tory gov with mandate - Brexit). How is a people's vote fascistic?
Her and Bebe Brexit. Don't know em. Great gowns, beautiful gowns.
Just put the hard boarder up now. Pain in my hole listen to this the last 2 years. The DUP don't give a fuck about Ireland #Brexit
No point in politicians shouting their preference from the wings. ’s time has gone. They need to draw legitimacy for a preferred option from a #PeoplesVote. Couching sensible referendum questions will be challenging.
You got it spot on there! Careers first country second. I'm alright Jack attitude. I'll never vote Conservative again!
Wait and see Ali, there's a bit to go yet, expect a really good brexit for UK. Don't listen to self interested parties.
Are you really this f*cking stupid Maguire ???
Pretty damning of the Boles Norway Plus plan as it would tear up so many hitherto red lines
Boris Johnson Revives Obi-Wan Kenobi Movie Rumors in #Brexit Deal Speech - Slate Magazine
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Brexit vote date on Theresa May's deal confirmed as Trump warns it favours EU May has now put her case to the people. Next, people's vote, DEAL or NO DEAL
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' telling it how it is
Thank you, , for giving me a good laugh in these dark Brexit days... All strength to you!
It's not just future trade with the US in jeopardy due to this Theresa May deal, bilateral trade deals with the rest of the World will be more difficult.
Tories are not so keen on Theresa May humiliating herself and their party in a live televised debate but they are okay with her humiliating the country on the World Stage.
Just remember. This party played a major role in your demise! Britain could have had the Brexit it wanted if the Tories didn't have to placate the DUP. Northern Ireland voted remain. Here's a slogan for you. Dump the DUP
Ok I have pmed you tweeted you but you refuse to answer me I guess I dont have enough follows or are not " verified" whatever.. I ask you and Katie the same question. The people the the UK voted to Brexit did they not? How can they ignore you and do what they want?
Already nearly 200,000 job losses attributable to Brexit. The BoE propped up £ after the referendum - yet more debt round our necks. Loss of Medines Agency. Businesses preparing to leave in their droves. And we haven’t even left yet. I’ll stay with experts not unicorns thanks.
# Brexit deal with Backstop catch 22
I signed: You should too May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
: Liam Fox says a trade deal between Mars and Britain will be the easiest one in the solar system after Brexit. m.twitte... Understood Larry, if you need help, and well,...
I don't think Mrs May would stand a chance in a TV debate and she knows it. Pre-prepared questions and answers are her only wish. BBC News - Brexit TV debate: Theresa May challenged to invite all parties
Wow, Mike Harding. Brilliant!
I usually do read your comments Daniel and mostly agree. It is almost impossible to predict the tactics now unless one is a politician oneself.
May currently holding meetings with Senior Labour MPs on the subject of Brexit. Like everything she does, backstabbing is how this weasel works. Worrying is this could be to say, a meaningful vote is not needed. She's secured a no Brexit deal. starting 2019 - So might resign!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The latest The Ahkar Rizvi Daily! Thanks to #cybermonday #brexit
If the gutless &amp; spineless won't get rid of can she not be impeached for insanity? She is clearly not sane, the whole country is against her but she is insistent this is what we want #brexitbetrayal #brexit #maymustgo #maymustgonow #theresatheappeaser
meet the people again???? WTF she never met anyone last time, a few cows and staged photos was the closest she got May defends Brexit deal to sceptical MPs - YouTube
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11: The vote will decide the future of UK's departure from EU, which it is officially set to take place on March 29, 2019.
EU court rejects Britons' anti-Brexit case: -
Could not agree!
BREXIT DEAL: THE RIGHT DEAL? From my #BBC intvw today. Is the Brexit deal put forward by PM #TheresaMay the best deal for the future of the UK? Have its contents been adequately explained? #brexitdeal #brexit #eu #ukpolitics #uk #britain #history
The MPs can stop it if they really wanted to, the ruling is there. So the game is bigger Brexit is a scam.
Agiter the Brexit, the UK will have no choice but being the 51’s US State.
We are just clueless.... Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
She did actually. She has a majority in Parliament unlike May or that imbecile Corbyn and in the event of Brexit the odds are Scotland shall achieve independence.
If you’re a Sales Manager in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
back to the drawing board Brexit means Leave without strings
Staying in Brexit???
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
BREXIT DON-SHELL *starts penning resignation*
That much is true, sad but true..
Its time for detailed media analysis of Brexit impact on Scotland's - Hospitality - Whisky Industry - Finance - Energy - Farming - Tourism #Brexit #Scotland
This is a beautiful piece of writing and an impassioned case against Brexit.
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Trump: Brexit deal favours EU but may hinder trade with US Sent via
Anal Suckbry (Anna Soubry) MP for Broxtowe says that she can’t agree with the Brexit deal because she loves Macron’s Mighty Minge too much P.S Aaron came up with the name, he’s sitting next to me. Love you Joey Bear x
Shit-stirrer in chief.
Hello , why is hosted on name servers in Texas, USA? #Brexit cc
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Both look like twins!!!
Business leaders from , Marks&amp;Spencer and many others who support a People's Vote. Good to know as we head into a consumer-oriented season - I would love to say I do homemade, but I'd be lying.
So now even Trump, who this government have spent years trying to embarrassingly keep onside for a good trade deal, has suggested Theresa May’s Brexit agreement could result in no dealings between the UK and the US. You literally couldn’t make this up!
If we had "Hard" brexited at the start like we should have done we would have been in a much better position to negotiate. What we have now is the result from a government that didn't want to leave. A hard brexit is still better that remaining.
NORMAL LAW ABIDING CITIZENS LOVE OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP ! CROOKS &amp; THIEVES HATE TRUMP
Brexit means Brexit
Theresa May, Why did you utter this in the first place? Why did you get your spokesperson to deny you'd said it? Why did it take you so long to apologise? #notgoodenough #QueueJumpers Brexit: Theresa May regrets EU 'queue-jumpers' comment
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
This makes me feel sick
I’m a member and will never vote again for them while that front bench stays...his silence on Brexit and his utter lack of support for #peoplesvotemarch ....
He didn't reply to any of the comments on this
OH NO! Please daddy #Trump don't abandon us! Don't leave us to the claws of the #EU! Anyone else want to jump off the ship that #TheresaMay is sinking? I mean if America think we are hard done by from #Brexit then maybe May should open her eyes!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' via
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed via
Yet another example of how we have no freedom of speech disgraceful
Donald Trump warns May’s Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
President Trump is correct. No government acting honestly in the best interest of our country would have negotiated a deal of this type.
WELL HOLLY , YOU ARE AN EXPERT ON BREXIT SO HOLLY , WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THE 500 PAGES ?
Yup. Just tell the public that we've left, and brexit is done.
So much for the uk taking back control over our boarders.
Former Tory donor installs 'b******s to Brexit' sign via
My mother was from NI and my father’s family came from the same village, used to visit every summer. The DUP no longer support the majority view re Brexit, for obvious reasons NI business supports May’s deal. If May’s deal is rejected by WM anything could happen.
Theresa May is using a classic scare tactic... Don't fall for it. Get rid of Theresa May now and immediately renegotiate the BREXIT
As if the situation wasn’t enough confused ! #BrexitDeal
Fact check: Businesses disagree. “Being part of a German company’s supply chain, operating on a ‘just in time’ basis, meant we had no option but to move operations from Wales to Germany in order to protect against risks of delays”
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins The Russians were not defeated Russian patriots and the KGB kicked the communists out whom were supported by the elite of the world the US democratics help the 1917 revolution
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' #IHeartPolitics
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Did he just admit that isolationism is bad? He did, but does he have the slightest idea he's done it?
Brexit voters are now changing their minds – let’s them give them a Final Say rather than a bad deal
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Great! War with France as well as Spain. Going well eh? Downing Street hits back at Macron threat over Brexit fishing deal
Corbyn is the only thing keeping the Tories in power. Never in my life time have we had such a dearth of quality in both major political parties. Any other leader and Labour get the keys to Downing Street in months, if not weeks.
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected, says May #europenews
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is the ‘worst deal in history’: Nigel Farage
Couldn't agree more- because there seems to be a lack of institutional/governmental oversight, I think it is our obligation as scientists to communicate, using whatever means possible, that this is unacceptable and demonstrates a complete disregard for ethical considerations.
How did you manage to get such a huge amount of tripe into the Brexit withdrawal agreement? #AskTheresaMayAboutTripe
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Regardless of referendum I've always thought the job of MPs was to act on our behalf &amp; do what's best for UK &amp; NI. Acting slavishly is an abdication of their duty to UK. My view is they need to grow a spine &amp; either stop Brexit or insist on a public vote with remain as an option.
Aye, stick that on the side ay a bus.
The impact of #Brexit on #trade.
please read.
To say the least... #HardBrexit or put in a team w/a competent negotiator that won't allow the #EU to bully them whilst paying ransom for the unthinkable terms.
Frankly in the age of Trump and Brexit, #MediaStudies should be compulsory
Please , please just give the money to a hospital. I do not approve using my hard earned tax for this purpose. #notinmyname
Mate, NO-ONE has.....Every Brexit deal is a shitshow bro people are asking for Mays head but who has got an exit strategy that doesn't leave us high and dry? The man who put us in this situation is laughing it up aren't you Mr Cameron.....
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
No such thing as a hard #brexit A #remain chancellor says all forms of it are damaging. What a surprise.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is ‘great deal for EU’
Bleakly remembering the more moronic Brexiteers welcoming Trump's victory as it'd help post-Brexit Britain get a snazzy free trade deal..
Speaking at the White House, President Trump has said about Theresa May's Brexit deal. "Sounds like a great deal for the EU," President Trump
Given the President's lack of understanding of what is the greatest threat to the Planet, I'm not sure he is capable of understanding the Brexit deal
What a load of rubbish this caller is , I did live in mainland EU and since Brexit Britts have been treated like 3rd class lowlifes !. Wish i had called on tonight to let the UK &amp; how it really is !.
How many people are actually getting on with there life instead of putting it on hold for #brexit
Remember when Trump was going to save Brexit?
As well as Brexit comments Trump has also said this tonight so, you know, his views might not actually reflect reality. Just something to consider.
This will be cringeworthy beyond belief. A Remainer pretending to back Brexit versus a Leaver pretending not to be #FBPE
I liked a video Brexit explained: we need to talk about tariffs
ICYMI: The vote in Parliament on whether to accept Theresa May’s Brexit deal will take place on Tuesday 11th December. #BrexitDeal
don’t care virgin brexit means brexit
It was not agreed in Scotland. Remember SCOTLAND? It’s the country you said as a newspaper should not be indipendent. And not are having #Brexit thrust upon in en masse
... unless you actually want Brexit.
Alastair’s lecture - on friendship, mental health, alcoholism &amp; Brexit - is a worthy tribute to the humane, wise &amp; all too human Charles Kennedy that so many of us still mourn &amp; miss.
Who said anyone was saying that? You’re just trolling. But as you ask, yes, this is just 1 constituency. Representative of the country as a whole:
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Says it all that NASA has landed a probe on Mars long before a Brexit deal can be finalised. #MarsLanding
Wow that's awesome - on both accounts! Not sure that moving to a post-brexit Britain will be a great move, but - contrary to popular belief - alll are welcome!
Piss off you twat.
Just watched LedZep at Knebworth 79 Could have been written for Brexit?
You are a classic gammon - you are just a revolting farage-ist - hide behind idiotic slogans like "snowflake" - thats what fascists do I guess! You ahte other countries and you hate other people, you use words like gang rape, because you're horrible. Like most brexit ideologues
Of course it’s reasonable. How could a one-sided debate be called a debate?
We, the electorate, may feel sorry for the PM but we don't trust her to lead us to a brighter future. The EU commission has made her an offer she can't refuse - just like the Mafia. If we accept we are doomed and if we don't the EU will make sure we're doomed.
Millions of Remainers wil never get bored of the pro EU message nor will we ever back brexit in any form.
Fuck them
I think most of us would prefer a no deal brexit.
He’s not the only one May deal is not a leave deal it’s a sell out deal by an incompetent remainer
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Many dont have time for this man but sometimes you have to listen to his views!! #brexit #BrexitChaos
A cult has a leader We are a massive group of people from all walks of life &amp; political beliefs working to stop Brexit To call us a cult means you have no idea what a cult actually is. On the other hand those that blindly follow Corbyn have far more in common with a cult.
With everything going on with Brexit, please don’t let environmental standards drop. I’ve emailed my MP to back an ambitious #EnvironmentBill - will you deliver one?
Piers Morgan using the ‘Brexit won’t be as bad as WWII’ line last week wound me up about as much as he’d have wanted it to, the prick
Nah! 1st Gulf War. Fought in tanks. PTSD. The real stuff. Not Brexit PTSD.
This looks pretty much verifiable and accurate but then as i doubt your reading skills have progressed beyond primary 4 you might have difficulty with big words...
is planning to go out to the country for support for her #Brexit deal. If she thinks she is in a hostile Enviroment in London regards to #Brexit she is in for one hell of a shock when she goes outside the London bubble. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo
I've been trying to move to Portugal since the summer, but I think I was too slow and now my house won't sell, and Brexit will probably fuck it all up anyway. I always feel like I just miss out because I dither about making decisions. It took me months to decide to quit my job.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I thought the agreement was rubbish too but if Donald agrees with me, I'll need to have a re-think
That is why he was encouraging #Brexit.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
They quit when they found out they were being deceived by their own PM. The only thing she's seeing through is sabotaging Brexit.
Says my MP who hasn't once voted against a #Brexit that will have severe consequences for people in South Down. No representation for people in South Down bar our Councillors...
Frankly, on the question of the nation state and the family, I cannot disagree.
Wouldn't it be helpful for all MPs to know that Art.50 can be unilaterally revoked? May's deal is not good, will probably not be voted through. Logical result is a #PeoplesVote. The majority want to cancel Brexit. The government must recognise this.
I emailed #AlanCairns over a year ago asking what his viewpoint on #Brexit was. Surprise surprise I didn't get a reply.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Let’s hope that the majority of people still have the fight and conviction in them, not to accept this deal - or any deal that promotes or facilitates #Brexit it would truly be a foolish act
Theresa May’s Brexit deal will cost up to £1,100 per person per year, according to a UK thinktank. Analysis by the National Institute of Economic and Social Research (NIESR) claims the government’s withdrawal deal would leave the UK £100bn a year worse off by 2030
LIVE: Theresa May gives statement to MPs after EU leaders agree on her Brexit deal
Trump is openly gunning for a no-deal Brexit and for a populist like Boris Johnson or Rees-Mogg to finish off Theresa May. This is full Bannonism. Not the behavior of an ally.
Brexit?
. wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
a small think i notice on twitter just now about our leaders, not sure if its relevent but quite a difference in following #ukgovchat #ukgovernment #brexit #BrexitChaos
Brexit voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, new academic study finds
Could not agree more!
What are you on about? Brexit *is* a resurgence of the far right.
Readers’ Poll: Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any Brexit TV debate?
Is the Brexit broadcasting corporation?
Brilliant.
Tremendous honour to be tonight for to hear talk about the #Brexit plan
In sadness, EU leaders approve Brexit deal
Please remain seated while the captain has turned on the fasten seat belt sign.... #BrexitDeal
In all fairness she probably shouldn't worry too much about this as he almost certainly hasn't read it.
#FBPE #Brexit #newsnight She still cannot say sorry Unsurprising A lying cheating cowardly racist xenophobe who still wants to and chooses to desperately peddle yet more deceit and spin bullshit in career self preservation. Nothing has changed
No Brexit AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Donald knows a good deal when he doesn't see one.
This is the whole globalism thing coming to a head. If they can defeat Brexit and bring down President Trump then we will have this shit shoved down our throats ad infinitum. If they can't we may be in with a chance of defeating them.
You mean, the UK will still have decent food and safety standards? I can see why that will be a problem for the Tories and Trump.
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
This is very good.
As if the situation wasn’t enough confusing ! #BrexitDeal
why should or any other party help out of the mess that they created over #brexit. Their mess let them get us out of it......
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
You've tweeted, congratulations! I was wondering what responsibilities you have as Brexit secretary, it's tweeting.
They have a 'we will fool the idiots building now'
May just told us how to stop Brexit…
This is s only card to play
Trump now says Brexit deal is good for the E U what the hell is going on oh yes here in the uk we need a goverment that knows what its doing
Brexit United are down 2-0 at home to Newcastle.
Can a good vet bring a dead horse back to life?
This annoys me, Trump spews bullshit all day every day but as soon as he chimes in about Brexit everyone thinks he’s got all the answers
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I guess you haven't heard yet that Trump has just dumped on your dogs dinner Brexit deal
Fuck off Donny. I don't want any of your shit over here thanks.
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed |
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
If you don't already follow , please take a moment to read this. She is pretty much single-handedly doing the work of HM official opposition, MI5 and BBC, sadly all asleep on the job
Aww sorry Donald. Does that mean your mates won’t be able to carve up our NHS? Shame
Important thread...
"Good Night, and Good Luck" - Edward R. Murrow #Brexit #BrexitDeal #Trump #Trade #UK
Now that's a good question about #Brexit via with (Spoiler: no)
Seems to me that an awful lot of people simply don't know what's coming. 1st one sent me link to *transition agreement* to "prove" that after Brexit, we can still have residency/ travel rights. 2nd is just a comedy post, I think.
How convenient The Brexit vote will take place on 11 December, the chief whip confirmed. same day as the UN Migration Pact due to be signed. Shes trying to bury her betrayal of the people over mass immigration
The Week Ahead – Brexit, the FED and the G20 to Hit the Markets
Reality dawns.
No, but I’d limit my criticism of the government to saying that it was doing a stupid and damaging thing, not that it was doing something undemocratic by trying to bypass parliament to force through Brexit against the public will.
With EU Ministers passing May’s UK Brexit plan, only tells me, Brussels received the better end of the deal.. Good luck to the English, and God Bless the Queen.. Spain bullying May on Gibraltar, tells you all you need to know.. Bring back the Tudors…
The Lame Duck PM allowed her Right Hand Man (Civil Servant) to Negotiate. She also said she was in charge of Negotiations???? The fools allowed the EU to dictate what the Agenda would be. The Trade Deal/Withdrawal Agreement should have been in Unison. PM totally @ Fault.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Is Trump’s puzzling answer about the Brexit agreement being “a great deal for the EU” that jeopardises US-UK trade just a random, off-the-cuff comment? Or has he been fed lines by advisers who want a Hard Brexit and who wish to undermine Theresa May? Either way, poor No. 10.
She is hell bent on delivering Brexit st all costs and has no intention of stepping down. It’s awful to see her lack of care in this. We desperately need to get them out of Government
tee hee hee - DJT thinks it's a deal...
The plot thickens: Trump questions the possibility of a post-Brexit US-UK trade deal. #Brexit
She isn't doing Brexit. Do try and pay attention.
Thought if anybody would have men on the posts, it would be Brexit Dyche
Great isn't it!! #Brexit #sellout by the #tories
Post-Brexit trade deal must guarantee UK environment watchdog – green groups
The Rochdale Cowboy Rides Again. Brilliantly. #brexit #MikeHarding #BrexitChaos #brexitshambles #PeoplesVote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
And that's lovely for people in yr salary bracket. But EU FM killing the poor. riots. terror attacks. mass migrant assault. no housing, services. SUFFERING. 8th day of riots in Pars over tax incs. while rich get breaks. #borisjohnson #Brexit
If Donald Trump is saying the Brexit deal is bad then surely that in itself is evidence it's a massive pile of shite! #PeoplesVote #2ndReferendum
#LiveExport - STOP IT NOW...
Time for a second referendum
This is what Brexit all comes down to for me.
Whats their bank accounts got to do with Brexit ?
Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' by 2030 - BBC News
Prince Harry highlights growing economic ties on solo Zambia visit: The Duke of Sussex is the latest member of the monarchy to visit Africa in the wake of Theresa May's push to deepen trade ties with the continent following Brexit.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May v Corbyn: who would win a TV Brexit battle? And would it change anything? | Zoe Williams: The prime minister’s idea of a debate may look like an act of self-sabotage, but could be a cunning plan The idea… #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident
#Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
#Brexit will be delivered. Our friends are many. head of the free world will not allow #traitorMay &amp; #nazi #EU destroy allied sovereign nations .... #Traitors will face military tribunals. #D5 #Fisa #Declas #QAnon #Q+ #EUisaFoe #NATO #WWG1WGA #weThePeople
Shush..... They can't appear to be on her side, but they will vote for this brexit anyway.
Well he's got something right then. Better the Tory party than the country...
I also booked a cheapo deal to Rome in March, pre-Brexit. I feel like I should go somewhere else as well...when my mobile phone will still work without costing squillions.
Dude, what is Labour’s policy if it succeeds in voting down TM’s #Brexit deal but does not get the general election it wants? The time for obfuscation is over if you win that vote. You owe it to the country to get a policy.
Does anyone know the current whereabouts of Brexit Bulldog? Will he be found in time?
Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Hi Jez
This was clear two years ago. Betting that the EU would abandon Ireland, who have a veto on any future trade deal was wishful wrapped in stupidity. If Theresa May had been honest about this then Britain would not be facing catastrophe, which had already cost us dear.
Brexit is in hindsight a better option than Brexit.
Yup. The deal is a massive rip off to brexit. Thankfully May might not even sign it and look for a better deal in the end
Brexit deal to mean 4 percent hit to UK economy by 2030: think tank
Theresa May admits she was wrong to say EU nationals ‘jump the queue’ to enter the UK
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via
They can do it, the question is why haven't they. There is a bigger game going on. Brexit is the red herring.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Probably looking for new jobs abroad to escape post #brexit Britain,
Check how your MP is likely to vote on the #Brexit non-deal #NoBrexit
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
This must because of Brexit?
Its time for detailed media analysis of Brexit impact on Scotland's - Hospitality - Whisky Industry - Finance - Energy - Farming - Tourism #Scotland #Brexit #scotnight
My prediction is it will get through, due to abstaining MPs. I don't think May losing the vote is as cut and dried as everyone says, people seem to be forgetting that MPs on all sides are not known for backbone. #Brexit
Scotland will be better off when they finally shake of the Norman yoke.
the Pakistanis Bangladeshis East African "British Asians" (mostly Patels w the occasional #FreddieMercury) can have #Brexit Britain... they have it already... India prefers Australia New Zealand...
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
WATCH | Jeremy Corbyn says Theresa May’s Brexit deal “would leave us with the worst of all worlds”. ( )
Only trade with US and normal people, don't trade with tyrants who decide what you can post online, if i wanna use Aqua's Barbie Girl for a Fortnite montage on YouTube, i'm gonna do it, that's my right as a lemon poundcake.
The list that proves Theresa May cannot pass a Brexit deal
Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson reveals why he voted to leave the EU and says he’s ‘quite relaxed’ about Brexit
Balls. Islington speaks.
It's been blindingly obvious from the outset that this is the way to go if they insist on some form of Brexit rather than a People's Vote.
So, not content with destroying Brexit he now wants to meddle with the internal politics of the UK!
May's #BrexitDeal is the #WorseDealOfTheCentury, whoever supporting May deal are incompetent, and doing more harm to #Brexit than good
1. The EU will remain the UK's main import and export market for decades to come. 2. Brexit is not about genuine wealth creation but identity politics. 3. Brexiteers haven't proved me wrong. Irish border will be bigger issue than any Brexit Dividend under WTO rules.
Why the Treasury’s Brexit forecasts will be almost irrelevant
It's called brinksmanship, and since torching her majority May has been on course to engineer this very situation. Bin the deal and then bin her for wilfully leading us into this dangerous corner.
Wise correct as usual. Terrible Brexit deal that nobody likes MUST be scrapped to save trade and indeed democracy itself!
Who elected you? This nonsense isn't even annual prediction &amp; anyway is absurd. You haven't a clue-the Treasury with all its resources couldn't predict 6 months ahead(see Project Fear see 800,000 immediately unemployed if folk vote for Brexit etc etc) Ffs grow up
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! #remain #noBrexit
We finished paying for it in 06.!! Move on? Our familys paid the ultimate sacrifice we will remember them.. Move onto to what exactly signing it all away? We're leaving &amp; well put #Britain back to the way our grandfathers would have wanted it... #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Not brittish.... European. ...we the UK couldn't change it if we wanted to... until all 27 eu do too... #brexit required
Oops...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
: “the braver thing, and the right thing for this country now” to try to avoid a no-deal #Brexit. Giving in to bullying of #EUEmpire? REALLY fucking brave... #MendaciousWoman #StupidWoman #DemocraticBETRAYAL #CallTheirBluff #BulldogSpirit
Yeah, and somebody find the fool that negotiated it...
If you mute the word 'Brexit'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
It would really be one form of Brexit since the EU won’t give Corbyn what he wants either and why should they?
The 70's was good and bad. We had a manufacturing industry for starters, but we also had rabid inflation. I don't read the Daily Fail or the Grauniad for that matter. I've listened to Corbyn's ideas and believe he is wrong on Europe. Brexit will cripple the country.
PM confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
May admits her ‘queue jumping’ jibe about EU nationals was a mistake – as it happened can we send this counter jumper packing?
Come on Justin, you know the answers already. Just read the many MP letters of resignation from Cabinet &amp; whip. Too many issues to list by twitter but loss of sovereignty &amp; breakup of U.K. paramount; severe risk on trade arrangements &amp; forced CU/SM/ECJ if no agreement. WTO best.
Who is going to do a nation-wide and (European) region-wide research to establish the level of negative mental health impact caused by Brexit-related stuff (well, a lot of stuff has been happening...), starting from 24 June 2016?
brexit will ruin us all i can’t fucken wait
Jim are you going to vote against the Brexit deal? if so what is your backup plan when chaos ensues - as a small business owner and constituant - we really need politicians on all sides to start thinking ahead and acting responsibly - afterall you did get us in this mess?
TWO BREXIT BOYS LINKING UP
The first independent analysis of the government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year
This says it's all 'The last time Theresa May took to the road in an attempt to convince the great British public to back her on Brexit, it didn’t go that well' the only way to solve this is a general election in which one party preposes a #PeoplesVote
in an ideal world, MPs would listen to their constituents, take full account of their views, and represent them. In such a world, consituents might consider using some of their previous time to contact their MPs. In such a world, no-one would have felt the need to vote for Brexit
Whoops.. - there goes the ‘special relationship’ - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Troll?
8) There has *never* been a workable majority for any kind of #brexit, too many Leavers don't want the pain, and too many are not aware of the pain. As for Remainers? Well we aren't shifting, to us Brexit is &amp; always has been just plain stupid
yet another tweet to you. Good if you could actually reply. As your constituent how are you going to vote on Brexit deal? You are very silent on this
Just out of interest, how do you view Theresa May and the ongoing Brexit negotiations?
= gonorrhea and syphilis I think it was Jimmy Dore. Theresa May destroyed the judicial system police force, immigration trebled under her. Destroyed the Conservative Party and any chance of a decent brexit. All inside 8 years is it by Design or is she an imbecile
Joe Hart’s decline has been crazy... Brexit Burnley are 100% getting relegated
Vince Cable was correct - Corbyn is a 100% #brexit supporter
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via Aaaannndddd....Trump is right again!! #Brexit #ThatsMyPresident
Got to the stage Brexit is an irrelevance to Scotland onwards to independence
My grandfather walked to Paris from Spain after Spanish Civil War walked out of Paris ahead of the Nazis found refuge in the UK Cantona story is the story of free movement the story of the EU My grandfather a life long socialist would be ashamed of a Labour Brexit #PeoplesVote
Holyrood isn’t there just to decorate the bottom of the royal mile. It is suppose to mitigate bad decisions or make better ones. The campaign for devolution was forged in the time of thatcherism. Now we have the power to do something but we shouldn’t?
So Trump doesn't like the Brexit deal. Does that make me pro Brexit now?...
Good thread on Bernie. His *nudge nudge wink wink* acceptance of Trump during the pivotal pre-election weeks reminds me a lot of Corbyn's attitudes towards Brexit.
Jason is one of the most impressive trade unionists in the UK, helping precarious and outsourced workers to organise and win. Basically the opposite of a centrist dad. Listen to Jason - he says we need a #PeoplesVote
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Disgusted at Labour blocking People's Vote in Brexit TV debate
That's better . What the #WithdrawalAgreement says and then what it means thereafter #brexit. When exploring economics after, what some #statistics offices are not showing, they seem to miss the further reductions of some internal costs &amp; the increase in new trade deals!
Thread
First analysis of government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year
Literally any Brexit voting MP with the tiniest modicum of respect for democracy.
Yahoo News Explains: What’s next for Brexit?
Government in tatters over Brexit
. faces a challenging two weeks as she tries to persuade MPs to back #Brexit - but how do the numbers stack up so far?
Did he threaten to permanently closed our border with the UK, too?
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US, Donald Trump says
Theresa the Appeaser May described herself as a bloody difficult woman but she has been anything but, she is wrecking this country over Brexit at the same time as betraying a Christian asylum seeker to the UK out of fear of reprisal from the religion of peace. #MayMustGo
Let's call the whole #Brexit thing off!
How will May sell her Brexit deal to British MPs? | Raw Politics
I would like to say tell you mo to get a backbone and get may out before she sellout our country. God save the queen!
My new blog on about water scarcity in Middle East #Middle_East #poverty #medium #refugees #politics #UnitedNations #EU #Brexit #nytimes #TheEconomist #CNN
with brexit promoting MP`s and right wing pundits like the tax payers alliance is it really about getting a deal , I don`t think so it`s about taking the country out of the EU and making it a low skills low wages unregulated sweat shop with protection for tax dodgers
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Well done :)
some of us have been saying this for some time now - good to see more and more people getting it
Shame! He's only had the job a few days, and just discovered what Brexit means.
I never tweet about Brexit #justsayin though I rarely tweet #fullstop #sozandthat
Love it - meets fake news with #fakenews
Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
#Brexit deal may make trade between #UK and US more difficult, President #Trump
Even if there is public sympathy for Theresa May, it is parliament, not voters, that will seal deal’s fate The last time Theresa May took to the road in an attempt to convince the great British public to back her on Brexit, it didn’t go that wel... #EUpol
It will be better than Brexit or Donald Trump. Probably.
Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
"Labour's policy", that's a fucking joke for a start. And spend #DevolvedMoneyForReservedMatters can do one. Devolve the lot or indy and stop pretending you give a shit.
#DonaldTrump: Theresa May’s #Brexit deal is great – for the #EU
#DonaldTrump: Theresa May’s #Brexit deal is great – for the #EU
#Brexit for dummies.
Im astounded how she arrogantly thought she could fool parliament and the 17.4 mill that voted for brexit, into thinking this was a good deal, just shows what a despicable woman she is.
Today? Well, I guess it has to be as it was only yesterday she came back with it. Every damn Brexit day feels like an eternity these days.
Not bothered about their treatment of the Hillsborough victims then, Dominic?
Jam, jeely and marmalades....... #brexit
Early Xmas or late Remembrance Day?
(Mail Online):#Trump says #Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade : President Trump told reporters outside the White House that the deal 'looks good the EU' as he warned on the impact it could have on UK-US trade. ..
What are they debating? HE supports Brexit and SHE supports Brexit. Sounds like a mutual admiration society to me. Why not or who actually want to #StopBrexit? Or... I know... !!!
So you know more about this than Rudd, a bunch of other Tories and the assembled opposition mps?? They say they're going to do it.. But you know better?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
(Mirror):#Brexit forecasts aren't 'facts' suggests #Theresa May after experts slam her deal : By total coincidence, the Prime Minister's remarks came as a think tank claimed her deal will cost the nation £100bn a year ..
This is another ridiculous Theresa May way of thinking, she thinks we're bored sick of #brexit , we're not, we just want what we expected from the referendum vote, and we will never get bored until it's delivered.
So we’re losing £350 million a week or £700 million a week more than they said on Boris Johnson’s Leave bus
Your opinion is a bit like Brexit, ambiguous.
According to the UN Rapporteur it’s doing quite the opposite with 400,000 more children in poverty last year alone and men dying earlier in my area for first time many year - Brexit will make it worse of course
We voted out not to be stuck in with no say! Plus she'll be making good case for nutters like Corbyn to get in as people won't conservative as she'll be the 1 who f# up brexit and everybody let. I certainly have no confidence in her she needs to go
Is it possible to have a Brexit deal where everyone is happy? Can it be delivered? What can be done? Will there be another referendum? Does anybody have any answers? ANYBODY?
The #Brexit deal is awful but there is no alternative deal: no-deal would be catastrophic, and no party is offering a route to remain
On now!
we can do great things together. Trump haachina dhiri uyu. #BRICS+#Nigeria
A recent #Brexit one from me for
So 2016-2019 transition deal 2019-2027 future relationship &gt;2030 the ongoing failure of the sunlit uplands that even happy clapper Brexiters reckon is 2030-2050 At some point the national archives will start releasing material from 2016 onwards This shitshow is eternal
Fantastic news.
Trump enters #Brexit debate: - ‘Sounds like good deal for EU’ - ‘UK may not be able to trade with US’ Not good for Theresa May Devastating for Liam Fox and his ‘easiest trade deals in history’
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is ‘great deal for EU’
I liked a video May defends Brexit deal to sceptical MPs
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Loving #LiteraryBrexit - like revisiting the innocent days when people could use Twitter to play hashtag games about politics without everyone feeling the need to argue.
You spew some absolute nonsense!! And have a severe lack of respect for democracy, brexit voted for by 17 million people that you don’t respect and the American people voting for Trump you hinting that they are not rational???
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
- spend a moment giving this a few clicks. Interesting results from your constituents...
Its time for detailed media analysis of Brexit impact on Scotland's - Hospitality - Whisky Industry - Finance - Energy - Farming - Tourism #Scotland #Brexit #scotnight
If I never hear the words 'Brexit' &amp; 'Peoples Vote' again, it'll be too soon!
Helpful!
For once he ain't wrong
Three Knights Opinion Part 1 - The Government Agrees via The People’s Challenge shows that Parliament can insist on a third option - May’s Deal, No Deal or NO BREXIT. Theresa May is nothing but political bluster and electoral bullying.
Gina Miller has shown her mettle several times now on this n other subjects. Would that The Leader had the principles to do so too. As I have asked before: where is the statesmanship we desperately need now?
I think he means, was the Brexit referendum franchise, i.e. giving Irish (and Com'nwealth) UK *residents* a vote in the EURef, but not (other) EU27 citizens, a violation of EU-non discrimination rules (beyond the UK's constitional requirements) for Art50 purposes. Good question!
Couldn’t possibly comment.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May’s EU deal
A very small percentage of Labour voters though. 1/5 I think. Corbyn is currently putting that 20% above the other 80% of his membership. He is assuming the 80 will stick with him but if he maintains support for Brexit Labour will leak a lot more than 20% of their vote. Silly.
Trouble maker,David Lammy MP calls for Massive demo to OPPOSE Tommy Robinson Brexit March! – Unity News Network
With friends like these...Donald Trump dumps on Theresa May's Brexit deal
I added a video to a playlist May defends Brexit deal to sceptical MPs
LISTEN – Nigel Farage Tells Breitbart: May’s Brexit Betrayal is Like ‘Voluntarily Going to Prison’
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' -
Ouch! A plan that works for the interests of the UK...I don't think lol
Trump talks such bollocks wait is this bollocks? Is he talking sense? What is sense anymore? Where am I? I don't understand anything anymore.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The truth of this is that a) in customs union we’d never get a deal anyway and b) Trump will change his mind every week. But the optics couldn’t be worse. US trade deal was Brexiters’ sine qua non, the only hope. Even dire gov forecasts took one as read. Just end this nightmare.
Vote Leave crew, thanks. And before you say “we didn’t vote for this!” What did you vote for? In detail? Let’s me honest just saying “we wanted control” doesn’t mean anything, this is politics not a board game. You didn’t know what brexit was, the leave campaign didn’t either.
#DonaldTrump: Theresa May’s #Brexit deal is great – for the #EU
I decided today, concluding the May-Barnier Deal will deffo fail in Westminster, cancelling Brexit is thus the only way to avoid the chaos of a No Deal crash out. If not May-Barnier, has to be Remain If succeeds, we may cancel Brexit without EU27 permission 3/3
Exactly. The policy has been the same for 2 years. Vote down an unacceptable deal. Block a no-deal brexit. Seek a GE. If that's not available, a referendum with Remain option is on the table. All the Labour leadership share rather policy.
#Trump says #Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for #UK
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
is overreaching. We voted for Brexit, to Leave the EU. Her abomination of a conflated deal with this decision is the biggest misdirection in history. She will not be PM in a matter of a few weeks, we will Leave, with or without the current managers. #StandUp4Brexit
if you knew what all Brexit voters wanted you'd understand we are fine with that. we do not trust the corrupt BANKS, Unelected faceless bureaucrats no one has heard of, we see France is burning, we see Germany is in huge trouble. we want No deal, take all the corrupt Finance out.
I'm coming under pressure to chuck out my 15 year old Dell PC which runs on Windows Xp. Haven't these people seen the movies? Pretty obvious that after a Brexit-related catastrophe it will be the only computer left working in the country and I alone will be able to save us all.
How else is one supposed to mark Brexit?
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
We need to know what our party is telling MP’s they need to do, if any LABOUR MP needs to be told? #GTTO
#Trump says #Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for #UK
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Sky News trying to paint May as enduring only because the Aussie spider hates Boris . Goves a tool Murdoch is a busted flush .. take back control. #Brexit
MPs can revoke Article 50, the question is why haven't they. There is a bigger game going on. Brexit is becoming a red herring.
Parliament is only ever bound until its next vote...
Trump calls U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal "a great deal for the EU" that could keep the U.K. from securing a trade deal with the U.S.
Forget it. This is not Brexit. This is a monstrous betrayal. I gave my vote to the Tories for Brexit. Never again.
You chonking great berk.
Awkward this. Haha.
#DonaldTrump: #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Oh God more Brexit Ahhhhhh ahhhhhh ahhhhhh ahhhhhh ahhhhhh!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
May has made a hash of this.... 1922 need to act now before we end up with a Marxist Anti Semite in No 10
Will there be a few wee swallie? #Brexit
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal - forget it, Theresa!
How will May sell her Brexit deal to British MPs? | Raw Politics
#Brexit agreement is 'great deal for #EU' - #trump_
V important point- bored now with Brexit? Support the deal and prepare to be bored for years to come.
Seems like has just killed ’s deal. Never thought I’d say this but I actually agree with the man. Awful deal, would be awful for the UK.
And Brexit too. That will hit hard.
I'm not sure I see Brexit as a power grab, though I appreciate why it can be seen as such from a Scottish perspective. I wouldn't attribute such strategic thinking to this government.
The pricks a 60 year old multimillionaire, of course he’s relaxed about it
#Brexit. A very British coup. The rise of the British brownshirts. Can you please try to convey the anger millions of people feel? Please please please
She had an opportunity to be the grown up after Trotters Cameron baled, but chose to paint herself into a corner with her Brexit means Brexit red lines. She's happy to foist financial ruin on millions of her citizens out of obstinacy. And anyway, she'll be alright, Jack.
Christ, as if Brexit weren't fucked up enough, now we've got bloody Trump trying to wind up the fuckery.
thank you for your enquiry. Anticipating about Brexit! LOL
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
And we have still less of sweet FA power in the trade negotiations.. We'll be shafted from all directions and by all competing interests amongst the EU27 Japan warned us of the comprehensive error of Brexit before the referendum.. We don't listen.
Hopefully we see the back of Burnley soon, it’s only right it takes place during brexit!
That's what Paul McCartney sang in the 1970's. Got in trouble for singing it.
Apparently the top reason to support the Brexit deal is "it ends freedom of movement once and for all". The idea that families like mine are so hated that the UK would voluntarily impoverish itself just to be rid of us, just doesn't make sense.
They really did Brexit, oh dear
Does Theresa May Trust the EU too much over Brexit?! via
Bored with Brexit? How patronising, Mrs May via
im happy for yall with nasa, brexit, £50s and all. but can we hold on for a moment and realise Ukraine just announced a state of war? #notagreatdaytobealive
Thanks for the retweet Ray
Donald Trump: "Brexit agreement is great deal for EU...and would mean the UK wouldn't be able to trade with the US." Well that puts paid to that then. So what exactly is the point of Brexit...? #StopBrexit #Remain #PeoplesVote
Your plans to ban minorities, as your Brexit and refusal to leave London and Scotland... I see your anti-Black Cabs...
Yes, the deal is a disaster. But it ain’t rocket science: Brexit has always been a disaster. It was never going to be anything else. Half the country didn’t want it: the weakest negotiating position imaginable. How could we ever have got a good deal? It’s so PAINFULLY OBVIOUS.
I don't believe anything that he says. So I'm beginning to think Brexit is going to be ok.
250617 If you’re on the wrong side of #ToryAnalytica &amp; their #USUKCorpGovt #BrexiTrumpCoup - you’ll be on the right side of history. #TrumpRussia #BrexitCoup #EUCoup #TickTockTroops
I am angered by the fact that thinks that she can trick us into believing that we are leaving the EU, when her pathetic agreement achieves nothing of the sort. Who gave her a mandate to do this? She should hang her head in shame. #BREXIT #MayMustGo
It has nothing to do with Scotland, purely Brexit from an English ex Tory highly educated view point.
Were you at the Brexit negotiation table? Nope. You’ve already got enough money, Trump. Try spend it on environmental issues instead, like reducing your carbon emissions. Or, try taking care of those less fortunate.
Anything that stops 's tiny, greasy hands from grabbing our #NHS the better. But it's still not as good as full EU membership, where we remain in control. Tell your MP #NotMyBrexit and demand a #PeoplesVote.
is behaving like Adolf Hitler in his Bunker, shortly before the Red Army took Berlin. She is completely deluded if she thinks that HER terrible deal, in any way represents the "will of the people". #BREXIT #MayMustGo
Then how about helping by lending them more weight instead of burying you head in your hands? If you believe their policies have merit, then proclaim it!
A knighthood for your loyalty, #SirChukaUmunna
So you know better. That this country will never surrender. Never be brought down. It’s a delusion to even think that #Brexit would do this. No doubt change affects markets. Not the end of the world. For too long we’ve been fixated on we can’t live without EU
Where is the leadership in the West going to come from? Not USA because of Trump. Not the U.K. due to preoccupation with Brexit &amp; the rest of Europe have their own domestic political challenges!
When Scotland becomes independent then ditches the Windsors here is my nomination for President
I want to stop Brexit because #IamEuropean. And I want to stay that way.
Spot on - if we have the powers then why not use them? It’s of no comfort to those in need that the Scottish Government shrug &amp; say they didn’t create the mess
Pound steady on EU Brexit deal approval; UK vote in focus -
PM’s Brexit deal ‘great’ for EU but not UK-US trade
The £13 billion gap figure is mostly speculative and the bits that aren't speculative are mostly arbitrary. It's a bit like that whole £350 million/week thing on the side of that bus during the brexit ref. They're not real numbers. You're not supposed to take them seriously.
Disgraceful as usual. This is propaganda not journalism.
care to comment? Care to explain the facts to your actual constituents rather than making endless terrible media appearances parroting May's nonsense? No? Glad we've cleared that up! #projectfear #projectreality #brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Translation = ooops
Sooooo.... people are actually listening to Donald trump now about US and UK trade???? Everyone thought he was a bumpkin a second ago! #brexit
As it’s looking, my birthday will be the last day before brexit happens. What a shite 21st present.
Completely agree with Tory idiotic Brexit approach but pushing for Indy Ref is just lunacy for everyone.
Yep, me too
Facts are facts, regardless of how much they upset you. Maybe tell them:
#Brexit #outmeansout not in #sellout by the #tories THIS is what 17.4m voted for!
{extremely literary font} "And Brexit Flouts The Don"
Love this ……. my most frequently used words on Twitter. Labour Corbyn Brexit just about sums him up!
Liam Gallagher - The man who should have negotiated Brexit
this is so terrifying. they get to decide our future, young people did not vote for brexit, we do not want this deal.
But then there's Brexit and who bloody knows what damage that's going to cause long-term, or even short-term? It's a gamble whatever you decide isn't it?
There is no brexit to discuss. It’s just a matter of which flavour of remain we choose.
At least one country leader can see it, because May can't. I think she has been paid off by Brussels.
Brexit is fked
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' -
You’re such a big softy.
I’m sorry? How will Brexit make any difference one way or another to what music people want to buy? I’m not buying the Beatles anymore, cos of them leaving....?
what's all this about, is she briefing the same MPs who apparenlty got an audience with her pre #WarPowers bill
I notice the cunning way you wove in extreme criminal shit that isn’t actually happening with so many interpretational generalisms, like ‘using hurty words’ or ‘saying anything negative might happen because of Brexit’ or ‘not being positive enough.’
#Trump Rubbishes May's #Brexit Agreement: 'Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU'
Please help fund the Green Party and help build a true opposition to the government! #votegreen #politics
#Brexit deal is bad for trade between #UK and US, #Trump says
They allowed one too many black players on their team...now they've lost their Brexit power
WTO rules clear on border checks in no deal Brexit: UK Northern Ireland minister | Article [AMP] | Reuters
What do you think of this one when it comes to striking new trade deals? You utter charlatans
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of Brexit medicine – cartoon
May's #Brexit deal is great for the EU, terrible for the UK &amp; USA. Trump may have killed May's awful #Brexit surrender to the EU... Good.
9) The only hope was to sneak Brexit past us in some way, gaslight us with "the people have voted" &amp; "will of the people" and hope that enough of us would blame the EU for Gove's, Johnson's, May's, Corbyn's stupidity and mendacity. But that hasn't happened either
Dr William Mount says; The House of Lords is full of human bodies that are Demonically possessed. I guess if your a Satanic paedophile,alcoholic on cocaine then thats pretty close Commons #commons #brexit #brexitdeal #houseoflords #ukparliament #brexitchaos #london #westminster
Agree totally
There needs to be an investigation leading to charge... now. Not an enquiry later. May to defend he devious from her own purse.. treason is a hard one to disprove when so much is public ally available
It's beyond awful for May to now insist that we should accept permanent impotence and loss of control because she thinks voters are bored of Brexit. Total abdication of responsibility.
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Stopping this cruel transport is a big benefit of Brexit- all the more reason to oppose the deal
Signed this but was told the government respects the referendum decision. Needs 50,000 more signatures really and by the 11th December if people really do want to stop brexit!
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' - BBC News, May is a Joke
ICYMI: It's thought uncertainty over #Brexit might be to blame for a drop in the number of properties sold in #Kent this year #kmfmnews
He does raise an interesting point: do the EU-US bi-lateral agreements which form the basis of our trade with the US survive our withdrawal from the single market while we're still in the customs union? If not, he's right, we'd trade with the US on lousy terms.
Change in tone driven by increasing realisation that the only real #Brexit is, for many #Brexiters, worse than #Remain. When coupled with dimishing power for #MagicalThinking to convert any different #Brexit into reality, chances of #Remain look increeasingly likely
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Of all the most harebrained aspects of the Brexit process, the CANZUK Anglosphere cheerleading squads have to have been the loopiest
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
May deserves credit for even getting this deal, better than I thought we’d get.. any deal is going to leave us worse off than we are now, so taking that into thought, it’s a good deal. People angry just shouting “this isn’t brexit” haven’t a clue tbh.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Over 54% of Newcastle’s league goals have been headers, BREXIT!!!!
One very truthful statement!!
UK has been hoodwinked by the &amp; . Your was never a "leaver". She knows her deal is so bad that even the won't vote it through. With &lt;4 months to go, only options would be hard Brexit or EUREF2 with the latter preferred.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Funny how many liberal remoaners are rushing to endorse Trump's negative assesment of Brexit deal These are the same people who say the President is a complete moron who lacks even a basic grasp of economics (unless, evidently, he happens to agree with them...) #opportunists
This is the Day became President.
Who would you like to see debate her Brexit "deal" with on TV ?
What about a #peoplesvote? Any Brexit damages the country and Labour voters most of all.
is absolutely right! The deal PM May signed onto has no chance of making through the U.K. House of Commons.
Theresa May starts the hard sell of Brexit deal: Agreeing a Brexit deal with the European…
True, I am disparring TBH , a BREXIT area and the representatives aren't doing that....
Government admits it could try to halt Brexit if MPs want to. Newly released papers suggest it is a lack of political will rather than any legal barrier that is preventing a bid. #StopBrexit
LISTEN - Nigel Farage Tells Breitbart: May's Brexit Betrayal is Like 'Voluntarily Going to Prison'
If he can get citizenship in time, he'll run for US President in 2020. Unless he's not called on to be the next Brexit Secretary before that...
Is Rachel serious? Does she not understand that by voting for May's appaling betrayal she's doing her country far more harm than a WTO BREXIT? She surely knows that "no deal" doesn't require the approval of MP's, it's already the default position if May's deal is rejected.
If people #fray your nerves, is it better to stop #pitching and #presenting to them? In the #Brexit age, do we have to try to be buddies with everyone?
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has REALLY TAKEN OFF AGAIN IN THE LAST 36 HOURS [ after #MaysDODObrexitDeal I suspect ], &amp; has NOW PASSED 54,000 SIGNATURES!! Please SIGN &amp; please REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
(invisible Labour wimp) - I ask in this tweet for my fantastic Labour mp of Halton, to vote against any #Brexit deal put frwd this year! #RemainerNow #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Dear has Theresa May asked you for help in the BREXIT deal? I hope she does. I have heard people say that what she proposes is a horrible deal, maybe worse than Obama/Kerry's Iran deal.
Theresa May's 60 second film is misleading the UK about Brexit. Again. | The Canary
Yahoo News Explains: What’s next for Brexit?
So the president of the United States has just announced that the USA cannot trade with the UK with your brexit plan So now we are down to major trading blocks we can do business with Who do you suggest we trade with Antarctica ?
Trump calls U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal "a great deal for the EU" that could keep the U.K. from securing a trade deal with the U.S. #blockchain #news
May wrote begging letter to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! Sign &amp; RT... #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' and it looks like #TheresaMay has made a BIG mistake re potential trade with USA! What? ...who is organising this deal? And we are supposed to trust them! #PeoplesVote needed. Its got to come back to us
#Europe has PM May saying, "Captain May I . . .? ?"
Many will lose their jobs if they do support this terrible deal ! Most of my friends are . Everyone says #MayMustGoNow #NoToChequers
I'm afraid, though they'll never admit, they're sunk
Not a Green Party member but I applaud your heroic efforts against Brexit and happy to donate. Thank you, Caroline.
An excellent article, sadly silent about the long-argued views of .
Corbyn knows more about the WA than Trump, and he hasn't even read it.
Blimey Nige, I want what you're on. LBC, Fox News &amp; now a curry night! Stamina in spades! That's the energy we needed for #Brexit negotiators to succeed. Shame our lot didn't show much #farage
Well if he says so it must be alright. What WERE we worried about? *head in hands*
Sorry I'm not bored of Brexit but I'm going to get pretty of being stuck on a island in economic and political freefall with my freedom of movement curtailed and being surrounded by bigots and little Englanders. That's why I'm not stopping till it is. #BOB #brexit
Totally agree re disability benefits, but stopping Brexit is about ordinary human lives too.
In a post #brexit world we might be able to change that, no EU interference.
Winning negotiation tactics from the government continue unabated : V
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This is disgusting is there no depths will not plunge to #MayMustGo #BrexitBetrayal
I've kept thinking this about people from all parties using the phrase, glad I'm not the only one, well said Erin
Does losing £100 billion/year sound like a positive effect on the economy to you, genius? At least you’ll have your Blue Passport to keep you warm.
British government has quietly been lobbying for a vote of confidence, per several people familiar.
He's a swine
The security and defence threat posed by May’s Brexit deal Far-reaching and dangerous changes are buried in the draft withdrawal agreement...
#Brexit will always be for me a gigantic stain on 6 wonderful years in London. Shame.
That's probably good news for There's a May
Just been at NFU 2018 Henry Plumb Lecture given by former Waitrose CEO Lord Price. Interesting and good to chat with so many farmers about current issues particularly seasonal workers post Brexit
Aaaaaaaaaaaggggghhhhhh Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
We already voted to Leave. I have no issue with a Referendum on a straight question: Mrs May's half-assed plan v WTO Brexit..... No other choices....anything else is fraudulent....
Why did people vote for Brexit to happen if there was no real choice to leave to begin with?
Not bored just bloody fed up with the lies, scare stories, threats, when are all those that said these things going to be brought to book. It's time to scrap Brexit and change the EU from the inside..
Dear I think your guide to Brexit jargon search is broken. I entered 'clusterfuck' and got no results. #PeoplesVote
Sheffiled central has a constituency of roughly 77,560 has in his meetings spoke with 1.8% of this number. Hardly representative / did not see it advertised in SV . Brexit looming and political jockeying in play I don’t feel represented
Brexit
The PM identified three #brexit options. Read about the first - no deal - in an excellent leader from this week’s Not pretty - “wreck” is the chosen descriptor.
We escaped oppression. Enjoy Brexit
Mays submission statement needs binning along with her and eu Olly.
Brexit vote date on Theresa May's deal confirmed as Trump warns it favours EU who gives a damm about Trump, we need to see back end of him
That was said before the vote Gary. Still Leave prevailed. These predictions never take any positive impact from future trade outside EU due to Brexit into account.. and just maybe it’s not all about the economy.
Reality Check: Theresa May's Brexit letter - BBC News
: Get the latest: Accelerate Product Delivers™! #cybermonday #brexit
Unlike May, posing every time she leaves Church, dearest Prez has never been a hypocrite, cannot hide his feelings. Check out his expression, he can't stand her! #borisjohnson #Trump #Brexit
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
Maybe time to pension off the term "special relationship", or to at least shelve it for the duration of the Trump presidency......
If the LP were to come out at this point &amp; explicitly promise to ditch Brexit they would stir up a MSM shitstorm which would endanger 70 Labour seats. The current softly softly approach will catch the Brexit monkey but only when Parliament has exhausted the democratic process.
Brexit reality - the penny finally dropping #peoplesvote
1/Don’t get me wrong, I dearly want a Labour govt too, but I don’t want them to have to pick up the country in its biggest mess since WWII. I don’t think any govt is going to be able to attract immigrants after we shut the door on so many with Brexit.
... British PM knows exactly what she is trying to do - ending BREXIT ...
She is lying. That is all
We are the ones leaving, not the other way around.. how do you expect to leave the EU and hold them to transom, we are on the ticking clock, not them. We put ourselves at a disadvantage, not them. #Brexit
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Working class men who voted to leave EU will suffer most from Brexit
#Brexit Plan Approved, But Divorce Is Still Far From Amicable
I wish.
Correct!...A clean break "Hard Brexit" Britain.....with a low growth, low productivity economy smaller than California's......would have NO negotiating leverage with anyone!...
Let's make great Britain great again.. No Deal #brexit .
So you thought no one could be hated more than Blair..... BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
When you read about the #backstop. you realise that we are locking ourselves into an arrangement (without a date) from which we don’t have the freedom to leave or have sovereign of our own country ,which is unacceptable. To be ask to sign or support #brexit
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
2/f we lose billions to Brexit you can forget funding for bursaries or tuition fees
Another reason to dump deal
Pure brexit football, 2 defenders with the goal and one from a set piece, beautiful stuff.
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task? PPB for Teresa May. C’mon can we please have some journalism. This is cheer leading.
The 'Brexiteers' should split from Party. The Conservatives are finished and have shown they are unfit for Government. Not just over the Brexit negotiations, indecisive and cowardly. Mind you, the Labour Party should split too. All useless.
Or even his recent statement in the last hour “Brexit deal” is good for EU!
And the Brexit folk think we don't need EU food safety regulations... #PeoplesVote
A dish recommended in a cookbook written by people who couldn't cook when the ingredients were never available in the first place. Brexit. The dog's dinner and its passage out of the dog's body, onto our pavement.
Is May Launching a Stealth Campaign for a #Brexit Election?
Oh my lord, she's now spending our money to convince us that we want to be poorer. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Look I’m a racist, borders bother me but trade with the Commonwealth doesn’t when we’re accepting migrants from them. My problem is the right wing racists most want the trade. I’m pro trade, were standards the division to black trade?
Brexiteers are so hypocritical and ignorant it is hard to not be inappropriate when describing them. A pro-Brexit UK international truck-driver living in Hungary? Ouch.
Can’t she bring the date foward
All I’ve heard from Tory MPs peddling May’s line today is how we should accept her none-deal because we’re all apparently too sick of #Brexit to give a sh*t what actually happens. I’m afraid, chaps, nothing could be further from the truth. Let battle commence - again!
After 2 years of impartial considered tweeting, has cracked. But just imagine if Alan Hutton set off a butterfly effect that stopped Brexit, reined in Russia, tempered Trump and led to the world putting fighting climate change first
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
If the deal is voted down some suggestion that Mps can vote on a reversal of article 50 and remain in the EU on same terms. This is why May keeps referring to no brexit.
If he can get citizenship in time, he'll run for US President in 2020. Unless he's called on to be the next Brexit Secretary before that...
20 years on, #Brexit threatens to send Anglo-Irish relations back to square one!
May’s stupidity laid bare. She has spurned a golden opportunity to land a trade deal with our most important country trading partner - just so she can chain us to the wretched EU. What a waste. This President would have put us at the front of the queue.
Almost hilarious that Tories from all angles are now appearing to place the blame for #Brexit on #Labour. Well, sorry old chaps but this monumental fuck up is purely down to you fuckwits, and no amount of blaming Labour will ever hide that. Good luck trying though #GTTO
Borders. Trade will come straight away with Brexit. Just a quick question. What Remain did you vote for?
Trump wants to asset strip the UK and hardest possible Brexit would help with that. Sad, but not really surprising.
Oui trist, sad, trennu is exactly how I feel, utterly heart broken, the only reason for staying in the UK was Europe. I made that decision in about 2004. The hardest thing to stomach is I'm pretty sure most Brexit-ears don't know the rights we all lose, tragedy.
THATS FROM A BUSINESSMAN! NOT JUST A PRESIDENT!
Theresa May tries to win round sceptical MPs ahead of a vote on her Brexit deal on December 11th. I'm live from London next on
Brexit? Wtf are you talking about? This thread is mahoosive and Brexit hasnt been mentioned for ages, but feel free to enlighten me..
We don't want your pink slime, bleached chicken and hormone-fed beef. European food beats American food every time. #MAGA #Newsnight #WorldTonight #r4today
Again SPOT ON 's #BREXIT deal is a great deal for the EU and may harm UK US TRADE...
Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK one dirt poor broke country &amp; an an army of protestors vs macron. The UK is miles ahead of these nations. #NODEAL
#Trump says #Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
FFS the UK isn't a country
Regardless of whether you are a remainer or leaver you deserve a say in the outcome of this shambles. Donate for a #peoplesvote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
My god Labour just don’t get it. Unless they oppose Brexit there will be no domestic policy agenda for a decade- either theirs or Tory’s. Plus austerity will look like a walk in the park as the huge regional drops in GDP from her deal kick in.
it must be you if they want debate, is still having nightmares about that interview before brexit vote, best interview you've ever done just brilliant
Did you write this in caps to make it sound like Trump speaking?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The problem with unionism right now. Stuck in the past
FCA deepens preparations for no-deal Brexit
No twitty , we bring down the cons , deliver a hard Brexit , then we have it ... anything else is an art student goggle boggle !
Fuck brexit.. What about the fact we are allowed to drink toxic chemicals to fuel anger violence and death... smoke tobacco which claims alot of lives so basically suicidal death tickets dished out as a buffet...
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Evenif there is disruption with a WTO Brexit, it is unlikely to last as long as unending vassaldom under The WA. Better to have a short sharp shock?
"A prime minister out of time, out of her depth and out of ideas." PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
I don't think stereotyping people who voted Remain like that is good for anything apart from your echo chamber. People voted Brexit for many principled reasons but I feel that for a minority race/immigration was significant &amp; the Leave publicity did stoke this.
If you are an Israeli journalist reporting in Hebrew, you should prepare for attacks in Berlin&gt;"Firecracker thrown at Israeli reporter in Berlin. Antonia Yamin was filming a report on Brexit for Israeli public broadcaster KAN."By
V. Interesting analysis especially the originating poll was Brexit promoting Telegraph. Was the “how much are you willing to pay” graph from the same poll as it seems to fly in the face of other polls suggesting the majority (inc leavers) unwilling to pay a penny.
Millions of British ppl demonstrated against over and over again against Brexit, guess what it still happening. Let them demonstrate they have nothing else to do, plus Chamisa needs to remain relevant.
Here we go, project fear is still alive and well. Where do these so called “facts” come from, ? The same “experts” that have got it all wrong from the start? Take a day off, buddy. You are embarrassing yourself again. #projectfear #brexit
There is a bigger game going on, the people will still be the collateral damage, Brexit is now appearing as the red herring.
The government’s own impact assessment of Brexit shows that we will be worse off no matter what flavour they come up with. Not sure if you’re trolling or really just this obtuse.
Isn't he great ? I love Trump.
She stands of this ever since she was minister of interior.. This is all Brexit is to her
Trump poors cold water on May's Brexit 'deal'.
British Parliament vote on Brexit deal to be held on Dec. 11
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
My Brexit diary part 4- Moondust from the planet ballsack. Contains adult themes in a childish format, a shit and giblet-ometer shaped like a doughnut, Boney-m, smart drugs that make you stupid, and the planet Nibiru. Read all about it #niburu #boneym
#Brexit: No deal would be disastrous for NI, business leaders tell parties
More like what they're about to hear
After the Brexit
#TheresaMay assembles Whitehall team to win over MPs to #Brexit deal
Farage’s shock #Brexit warning as he reveals biggest problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
Kaboom!
Bang on
I joined the over the military invasion of Iraq and feel utterly vindicated in my support for a Party that will stand up for civil liberties, human rights and rule of law. #DemandBetter #ExitFromBrexit #WeBelieve
President Trump slams May &amp; her brexit deal saying the deal is good for the EU &amp; endangers a UK-US trade deal. He is right, May's deal traps the UK in the CU,stuck with EU rules &amp; stops trade deals.
strikes again!!
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' : May’s special relationship with Trump isn’t so special...
Trump wanted Brexit because it weakens the UK and the EU. Divide and conquer. Even an idiot like Trump can figure that out. #StopBrexitNow
170,000 members is not tiny, and it wouldn't matter if there was only 50 of us, we decide the next leader of our party so TM and Tory MPs don't want to antagonise us, and 70% of Tory voters are pro-Brexit. Labour members are totally unrepresentative of the country as well.
Trump says Brexit deal could mean that U.K. can't trade with U.S.
Got blocked by Caroline Flint for this guess she doesn’t like facing some home truths
LONDON CALLIN TO THE FAR AWAY TOWNS BREXIT BETRAYAL THE BATTLES GONE DOWN.......THE 9TH DECEMBER WE MARCH ON THE GROUND......CAUSE LONDON HAS FALLEN........
Is she not rather pro EU? Not an unbiased opinion I feel. Cameron always knew who to ask for 'opinion'. Osborne was pretty good at it too...Wolfgang Shauble was asked to confirm no access to EEA after Brexit. No mention of EFTA nations.
The May Corbyn “debate” sounds tedious. Two people who want Brexit arguing over minuscule differences.
Yes, but that May primarily saw Brexit primarily as a way to reduce net migration has been obvious since her Birmingham conference speech. That the EU saw the four freedoms as indivisible has been known even longer We are where we are because of May
Sounds to me that there’s some Dianne Abbott maths going on at Sky.
"Knowing that this was merely the beginning of a two-week period that could only end in humiliation and failure. This time, nothing really had changed. There might not have been a method in her madness. But there sure as hell was a madness in her method"
The fact that the Tory Party is falling to bits has nothing whatsoever to do with Corbyn and everything to do with their divisions on Europe. Corbyn lost an election and has made no impact since, worse still, he's enabling #Brexit which will be a disaster for this country.
Friends will be friends...
Putins bitch works it.
Way better than #Brexit
So our prime minister can't even get her words correct and admits it .... So how can we trust her on her brexit ? Time for a #peoplesvote
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
"Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?" by ILIANA MAGRA and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT World #news
May is about to use a recession-era tactic to push through her Brexit deal – and wreck the Tories' - The Independent
Nor promised the 17.4 million voters. The numerous time she said it on the hoc
You win the ‘Loser Award’ of 2018. By far. And believe me: the competition was serious #farage #davis #reesmogg #bojo
She'd probably wipe the floor with him. He's got a pedestrian brain isolated from his advisors who tell him what to say. However THIS tactic proves how desperate she is - it's almost a last throw of the dice but it would be a big box office event
Putin rubbing his hands together and sniggering
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is ‘great deal for EU’
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
We should have a semi final debate regarding the brexit debate first, then the winners of that can head to the main debate. Then we can debate the debate.
you are out of your mind a traitor and a fcking idiot. This is not Brexit how many more times do you submissive MPs need to be told.
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
Not the first time he has undercut Theresa May on this.
Thank God i’ve found #TheKominskyMethod on Netflix. F*ck Brexit.
But "nothing has changed" and the deal is fantastic for the UK....says only Theresa May and her invertebrate friends #Brexit #NoDeal
Theresa May gives speech attacking antisemitism - minutes after gruelling Brexit exchange
Ur time has passed. Ur opinion matters not a whit. The debt is owed, as of 29/03/19, and is irrelevant to and independent of the future arrangements. One might expect a former “Min for Brexit” to know that but you weren’t use nor ornament in that post either.
Are you listening Mrs May? Or are you still tone deaf?....
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Making decisions &amp; sticking to them is my biggest challenge. I booked 6 weeks in India and was on a flight back after 9 days! Heads still all over the place. Your house will sell eventually, if you want to go to Portugal you should go, duck Brexit! It won't stop you going x
Let’s get behind Mays deal now and move on. #Brexit
Not surprised Burnley are doing shit, can’t face Brexit football without Brexit
Tbf if Trump says the Brexit deal is bad for the UK and good for the EU, and I was the EU... I'd be worried. Because Trump is a fuckwit and wrong about almost everything
Well said Brendon,now go fix the Brexit mess HH
This is not confirmed by Lucasfilm just politician sparking a rumor some BS story this
Brexit means Brexit
I know I should have been listening to Theresa May giving her EU statements, but my eye was drawn away by the non-stop handing over of paper notes immediately behind her instead. Show the rest of the class, eh? #brexit
6/Brexit is a self-indulgent vanity project which will not change any of these things &amp; also gets in the way of us helping to solve climate change &amp; other issues which if not resolved will lead to Population shifts which will dwarf current migration &amp; refugee issues
If not 2 years ago, if not tomorrow, when will you #FreeNazanin ? Many #UK citizens are held captive in #Iran Yet, is focused on #JCPOA &amp; #Brexit for years.
May is a double agent conniving with Brussels since the beginning of Brexit stretching it out so we get fed up now dropped bombshell deal, she has become a dictator Diebetes affects your brain and thinking she should resign on medical grounds Don she must go
Very impressive!
Good news, everyone. is resigning on December 12. #Brexshit
Millionaire ‘quite relaxed’ about Brexit shock
Brexit
Second left will be the next brexit secretary Third left is Amb*r R*dd in disguise trying to get into the cabinet for the 18th time
Britain needs Jacob Rees mogg to lead us up the ladder to freedom.
Brexit ‘Right Deal’ and traitors of WWII (E255) RT — Sputnik Orbiting the World
No mandate for TM's Brexit deal as not like anything said at time of EU referendum. A referendum without legislation making it legally binding or a 'super majority' which, even as low as 55% would've saved us all this nightmare. #PeoplesVote needed to settle this democratically.
British Parliament vote on Brexit deal to be held on Dec. 11
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Yup, she allowed the EU to call and the shots, and of course they did.
you know her so well, what is her plan to reverse brexit
Not at all. Technology doesn’t exist at the moment (pleas don’t mention Switzerland) and would need a border in place on brexit day or no trade. It not what you believe but the reality
Brexit was a crap idea in the first place
how do people always find a way to blame labour for stupid tory decisions
Brexit was sold to us on the basis of false economics, Xenophobia and colonial sabre rattling. After the UK is abandoned by the UKIP panderer-in-chief, David Cameron,you come in, botch a leave deal with your Cohort of Incompetents and demand that we back you now? Fuck. Right. Off
Theresa May: I should not have said EU citizens ‘jump the queue’ when they come to the UK (via ) there’s a lot you shouldn’t have said. #disMAYed
Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' : November 26, 2018 at 08:41PM via mikejulietbravo
please vote down the Brexit deal, yours sincerely North Devon
BBC is part of the mainstream master in #fakenews
I agree with the fact that unilateral revocability isn’t possible. Though I don’t agree with art 49 TEU being the only way in. If Council agrees I see no problem on revoking art 50 and letting things as they were before the #Brexitreferendum.
‘Has she FORGOTTEN?’ Jacob Rees-Mogg CONDEMNS May over £39bn EU divorce bill
Basically, we can't believe a single word that Theresa May says. Why she's betraying her country is anyone's guess. She's a traitor and we need to get rid of her.
Can we just forget about Brexit now and just stay in the EU please?
Why is highlighting her bullshit and shameless lies "cruel"? She deserves EVRYTHING she gets. Worst PM ever.
EJIL: Talk! – A Second Brexit Referendum – What Makes You Think They Will Have You Back?
My absolute favourite quote I keep seeing from Brexit voters is “We shouldn’t have to pay the EU anything to leave! We paid with the lives of our troops in the wars.” I know a lot of them are hugely misinformed but to believe we single handedly won wars is reaching new levels.
We can do all this... Design--launch--navigate--and land on Mars. But we don't have the--ahem, technology--for a tech-based seamless border crossing in Northern Ireland!!
It’s a bit late in the day, Mr Mason. You’ve had more than two years to get over this. No question, Mr Maugham is an intelligent man and clearly one of life’s ‘winners’. Brexit is about life’s losers. Alex, are you going to stand up for the ordinary UK people who wanted freedom?
Will see get a tripe-first Brexit? Anything else would be a betrayal...
Brexit and little drummer girl both are doing my head in.
BBC News - Welsh ports sign Brexit 'gagging orders'
First analysis of government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year #BrexitShambles
If it did that it would split the party.
Of course she will,the corrupt political elite in the HoC are not going to shoot her down there are too many bribes on offer! WAKE UP BRITAIN Treason May has sold out the forgotten majority and given OUR COUNTRY away to the EU MAFIA with the unstinting help of the DISHONEST MSM!
#Brexit Politics. #Andrew Lewer MP For Northamptonshire South Has Submitted A Letter Of No Confidence In The Prime Minister.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
You can Brexit any time you like But you can never leave.
I’ve tried to print this on toilet paper and jammed my printer inthe process
I’ve long wished it possible. This #Brexit debacle, either for or against has just highlighted they Do Not care.
Diseaser May is hoping if she presses on with her deal and delivers a sort of brexit she will get to be the face on the new fifty pound note or as it will be known by then the fifteen pound note. #brexit #brexshit
Yes, no more people’s votes just the brexit vote plan that will be voted down! No deal leave !
PM confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal #sky #news
As USUAL DONALD #TRUMP has got it #RIGHT Says #BREXIT #DEAL sounds #GREAT for #EU but #NOT for #UK they may #NOT be able to #TRADE with us
Last Friday. Me: “So what if we Remain, but we NEVER talk about Brexit EVER AGAIN”; Leaver colleague: “Oh, please, YES”
"Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-U.K. trade" #israel #feedly
A softer Brexit than May’s plan? You mean Remain?!
If I never hear the words 'Brexit' &amp; 'Peoples Vote' again, it'll be too soon! #Brexit #PeoplesVote #labourparty #conservativeparty #libdems #remoaners #loosingthewilltolive
Share this, fuck you Jezzer, but share this. Jezzer football is about open borders, global community, an Algerian called Xidane being the world best player. Brexit directly opposes this. Be better.
I am sure he cares what you think after all he's only the president of the USA and a billionaire businessman. I know whose judgment I would bet my money on. I'm sure you'd have thought Brexit wouldn't happen and Trump would never be president of the USA.
May defends Brexit deal to sceptical MPs
Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson reveals why he voted to leave the EU and says he’s ‘quite relaxed’ about Brexit The frontman c...
I hate to say this but for once, Trump is right
This is a bit like Ross's list about Julie when compacting to Rachel. All we need is this to finish. 41. Not the EU #PeoplesVote
Brexit deal: How the numbers stack up against Theresa May
Insidious. Of course plain democracy is just out of the question.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Hammond and Remain Ministers 'would quit in event of No Deal Brexit' - Westmonster
Time until BREXIT is 123 days, 01 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
With Corbyn the debate will be Brexit vs Brexit.
Donald Trump Rubbishes Theresa May’s Brexit Agreement: ‘Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU’
There are 2942 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
An apology for a, possibly accidental, hurtful use of language would have been honourable and welcome by many.
There are 2942 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe #Ukraine #Russia
Theresa May calls for 'national debate' on her #Brexit deal and warns MPs it cannot be re-negotiated
New post (Currencies: Dollar bounces at start of headline-heavy week featuring Brexit, G-20) has been published on ColorMag Business Magazine -
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs IF DELUSIONAL MAY CAN'T BRING PARLIAMENT TOGETHER HOW CAN SHE SAY SHE CAN BRING UK TOGETHER?
Brexit is 2954 hours away. #brexit
Take ya head out ya bum and look who is in charge of prosecuting brexit it isn't a leaver is it
Its now popcorn time on an hourly basis
As ever, JRM replies with good grace whilst hitting the nail on the head. If there us to be a tv debate it has to be May vs JRM
On the subject of war films, I've been thinking that May's Brexit deal reminds me of The Bridge on the River Kwai.
[Channel4News] May defends Brexit deal to sceptical MPs
7/ feel free to explain how you think brexit will change any of these things
Demented May presses on regardless. At what point will she accept that we already know she's trying to flog us a dead horse?
Not for the first time, the US President drops one on Theresa May. Trump says Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for UK
He wants Disaster Brexit.
I'd like a peoples vote once a year for eternity. It's fucking brilliant watching politicians fold like the utter twats they are
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Just out;- The PM Theresa May hasn’t lied over the whole BREXIT ISSUE. SHE has however been 100% ECONOMICAL with the truth LOL !
She is relying on MP’s of both Labour and Tory falling into line with her deal believing that the electorate are still 52% leave and are behind seeing Brexit over the line and done with— and thinking self preservation of their seats will bring her salvation
Vote on Brexit deal will take place on December 11
Trump has a lot of nerve slamming the Brexit deal, the EU does not have to negotiate with the UK yet they still are. The EU is doing the UK a favor by even negotiating in the first place.
The bit he’s wrong about is that a good Brexit deal was even possible.
You're already a recognised #Brexit fool and potential criminal for Brexit lies. Stop making yourself more of one with this tosh.
Since #Brexit and #Italy’s stand against the #EU’s financial rules. OECD lowered its 2019 #GlobalGrowth outlook to 3.5% from an earlier 3.7% forecast. #JFGinsights
I simply don't understand the reasoning here, he's making it out as if Trump would be amazing at negotiating Brexit. Which, fine say whatever you want about it, but he isn't doing that. He's commenting in another leader's policy choice which is way out of his jurisdiction.
This is Tom trying to correct his previous assertion that America would save us over Brexit.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal could jeopardize the country’s ability to trade with the US, says US President Donald Trump.
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Brexit deal to mean 4 percent hit to UK economy by 2030 - think tank
I don’t consider that leadership on the issue of Brexit should be start and end with a manifesto. I leader, in my view, should also be able to go out and both communicate and persuade people of that position. I think Corbyn is lacking in this area.
We won’t take back control. And the limiting factor on fishing is the number of fish in the sea. When we wipe out our manufacturing as the Brexit economist Minford predicts how many of these people can get jobs fishing.?The economics of bedlam.
Sorry Alex you missed a word. Surely you meant crack POT team. So far her advisors are about the worst I've ever seen
merely from a purely public servant perspective, very well done for getting to where you have on brexit. I voted leave and whilst it's not perfect, it will do for me for these next few years. Keep up your hard work and good luck
Your MPs have said they will vote for ’s deal. Please, go away. Hypocrites.
Please support this reply to the so-called leader of the 'Opposition'. And RT!
Reality Check: Theresa May's Brexit letter
If you have detected a distinctly American flavour to the rampant lobbying in Westminster corridors over a Brexit deal, there is a good reason why...
Mike Harding hasn’t lost his way with words...
I’ve written to my MP on #Brexit
Yes please, #PeoplesVote
Just under 32000 signatures so far. Let's make 50000 by the end of the day. Please sign and RT
What’s the 6 botched reasons not to give the keys of number 10 Downing Street to the. Party, your plans not on the table for the ppl to consider
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' but warns it will harm UK-US trade
Not surprised Burnley are doing shit, can’t have Brexit football without Brexit
Donald Trump Rubbishes Theresa May’s Brexit Agreement: ‘Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU’
Best comment about the Gibraltar situation so far...
Will we get a tripe-first first Brexit? Anything else would be a betrayal...
On Brexit, the wrong assumptions lead to the wrong economic forecasts
Wonder whether Farage, Bojo, Rees-Mogg et al are happy to go cocksure cap in hand to Trump now after these comments? I don't think so.....#BrexitDisaster
Good evening all! If you prefer Tumblr, you can follow me there - Thanks! #arts #JC4PM #FBPE #WATON #art #labour #tory #brexit
No. Brexit could have been a success, but May has ballsed it. Job was never going to be easy, but still. Trump was always willing to give us a trade deal providing the deal was right
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Blow for Theresa May as wavering Labour MP confirms she will vote against Brexit deal via
"This a #Brexit bombshell and it has blown apart the whole government's post-Brexit trade strategy." Trump, ever the reliable ally.
Oh dear
BACK OFF SKY. leave them alone! stick with trump bashing and brexit meddling.
Researching the Tudors - so Henry VIII Brexited, then Mary I unBrexited. Well, they say history repeats! #HenryVIII #tudorhistory #Brexit #wifeafterwife #sequel
#DonaldTrump dumps on Theresa May's #Brexit deal
#DonaldTrump dumps on Theresa May's #Brexit deal
It’s not cruel. It’s what she derserves. Her deal is NOT BREXIT.
Thank goodness, domain name is still hosted in the UK. But they could and should do more to protect this from hijacking. Eg you should lock your domain status with "clientTransferProhibited", and "clientUpdateProhibited" #Brexit cc
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Yeah that’ll work
This.
TRUMP BOMBSHELL: No US-UK Trade Deal if we accept May’s Sellout Brexit Deal via
It is. Honestly, none of us have any idea who represents with this deal... Or how she even got in her position to be honest. Have a word, please. #UK #Brexit #EU
3) but our manufacturing sector has been massively hit over the years and Brexit will hit it massively again. Upshot is where is the lost revenue going to be come from?
So true.
Simply because a parliament is of fixed length and the baseline is that all MPs are removed enabling a clean start with no assumptions. If we leave then returning REQUIRES us to take the Euro and join Schengen whilst losing the rebate - in short brexit is a one way ticket
Trump: PM's #Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
Putin is stepping up aggression against Ukraine, while our government works to gift him the huge strategic prize of #Brexit &amp; a weakened UK in his hybrid war against the EU and Western democracy. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
There seems to be nothing gained for the UK with #brexit There seems to be nothing lost for the EU with #brexit In other words, it’s a zero sum game. Ever feel like we’ve being taken for a ride by incompetent British politicians and impotent useless journalists? I do.
TRAILER | Brexit: The Uncivil War | Starring Benedict Cumberbatch | Comi... via
Nigel Dodds, definition, unpleasant, disagreeable, disgusting, distasteful, awful, dreadful, horrible, terrible, vile, foul, abominable, loathsome, revolting, repulsive, odious, sickening, nauseating, nauseous, repellent, repugnant, horrendous, hideous, appalling #DUP #Brexit
Probably back for #Newsnight, but writing is backlogged currently and bracing myself for endless contentless Brexit babble anyway.
Brexit sauce
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
Remember- Brexit is for life, not just for Christmas!
"As representatives of a substantial – quite possibly majority – view of ordinary British people, from all parts of our kingdom, we now ask you to please hear our voices and realise that the mood in the UK has moved against Brexit."
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Everyone! Something happened that is NOT Brexit! #MarsLanding
. from joins on SXM 124 at 5 pm ET to share the latest in the Brexit drama and more.
It not confirmed by Lucasfilm just a politician sparking rumors what a bs story
The devastating economic consequences of the second option - the agreed deal - are clearly set out in this comprehensive NIESR report:
Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as "great for the EU"
We didn't vote for this Trump: PM's #Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
We did`nt have a say in brexit at all and have been sidelined at westminster. Westminster has proved that for them there never was any union.
Brexit deal to cost up to £1,100 per person per year
It truly is a bizarre tweet since Tories have been on BBC for weeks falsely accusing the SNP of ignoring Scottish fishing?
#news Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?: - Brexit: Is winning…
Brexit deal to mean 4pc hit to UK economy by 2030 - leading think tank
#Trump warned that #Brexit agreement favours #EU and makes trade with #US #difficult
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Great news that 61% in North Norfolk now for 'remain' also great that our MP rejects deal as a 'bad deal' &amp; backs #PeoplesVote.
Rafa shitting all over captain Brexit here
Who needs enemies when you have as a friend??
PM Theresa May 'considering TV Brexit debate' with Jeremy Corbyn
Potential roadblocks ahead for draft Brexit deal #distribution #collection
I honestly think these type of people will welcome Brexit. They seem to want isolation. They just want to be surrounded by English stuff. They complained about Viennese cuisine... WTF?! ... Vienna has some of the most stunning cuisine in the world..
Lets see how the eu twats like No Deal +WTO. = Proper Brexit.
It's a sensible idea of what a deliverable Brexit might look like. But I honestly think May would prefer No Deal to retaining FoM. So it somehow needs her to go, but not be replaced by a hard Brexiteer. Not sure I see a path to that happening.
Goodnight Veinna had it after this invervention. Surely this #brexitdeal now firmly dead in the water
A Remainer PM, with a Remainer filled cabinet &amp; a Remainer negotiating team tying us into their beloved EU. What. In. The. Fuck.
No surprise to anyone with a brain. Let's stop brexit, it's absolute madness.
Forget Brexit, war in #Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins | Opinion | The Guardian -
Brexit decision days is 11th Dec - this analyst remains sceptical that Theresa May can pull off a miracle
I would love you to be wrong however we all know Corbyn is a brexiter so abstaining will achieve his goal it`s about ideology not the best interests of the country
This says it all. Trump is not usually known for understatement.
Forget this talk about #brexit - I’m calling for a #Raferendum - I vote remain! #ToonArmy - 3 wins on the bounce... (hopefully!)
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Want to write back about the shoddy brexit deal?
Today, with the Brexshit mess, Russia kicking a hornet's nest and Trump goading his base to accept teargassing of children, it's a relief to see some of the best of humanity's ingenuity, cooperation and optimistic vision here. Don't write the species off yet.
Spot the cross between #Boris' hair &amp; #JRM's neck! #Brexit
The BBC's war with a Brexit protestor just escalated quite... brilliantly
North east to be worst hit. Tories will punish the region more if Brexit is allowed to pass
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
I’m talking about No Brexit +++!
No surprise there. Leaving the EU has always been one of Corbyn's priorities and he is unlikely to allow the will of the people (let alone the will of the Party members who elected him twice) to interfere with his grand plan.
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
Theresa May confirms #Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Holy fucking shit this is amazing.
So as Vince and Lib Dems have been Anti Brexit from before Ref &amp; U intimate he is on the wrong side of History It must follow that Tory May Brexit and Labour Corbyn Brexit parties are on the Right side of History. Corbyn Labour prepared to Brexit &amp; lose thousands of workers jobs
I'm dying from heart failure while still being my disabled son's carer. I really do know what cruelty is at the hands of this government cuts &amp; DWP regime and Theresa May has brought this on herself. It was all avoidable and still solvable. No sympathy for her.
Hey... aren’t you an American from Americaland where your President won on a technicality, not actual democratic numbers? I can see why you love Brexit so much.
I’ve never been comfortable with working class Brexit voters being labelled stupid by liberal commentators and this explains why. From Trump to Boris Johnson: how the wealthy tell us what ‘real folk’ want | Gary Younge | Opinion | The Guardian
I’m so done with Brexit news now. From now on, if it’s not about Harry Redknapp eating kangaroo testicles, I don’t want to know.
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Seems lads we'll all be reading the Telegraph
Brexit deal will strengthen UK: May
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
On the contrary. The UK was/is already a fierce element in the anti-Russia/Putin (US) policies..mostly to keep NATO alive. But could still be tempered within the EU by Germany/Merkel. After the UK leaves EU there will be no tempering any more. Russia/Putin will lose even more.
He is right. It is not - surely - the deal people believed they were voting for? And so it IS right to vote again. With the facts this time.
We don't always get what we choose. See also Brexit...
Brexit will destroy the right
Trump is bad, Brexit is bad, Nazis are bad, dogs are good, and space is good. I shall now nap.
The Special Relationship. #BrexitDeal
- The words ‘Brexit’ and ‘Trump’ in the same sentence, FFS is an inevitable response...
When that horrid woman put a cat in a wheelie bin the world was in uproar, throw away a person, there’s nowt, not even a “is she ok”. I blame Brexit.
Mrs May, have you read this yet? Oh, and you too Mr Fox.
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 #Brexit #brexitshambles
It was this picture but it said something along the lines of ‘brexit: I’ve fucked it’ on it
#Brexit will not materialise. any bets ?
No true Labour member....Speaks at the Lib Dem conference... Bore off !!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The future for the nations of the British isles This would reflect the Brexit vote &amp; keep all the nations happy #Britain #Brexit #England #Ireland #Scotland #Wales
Trump: UK May Not Be Able To Trade With US Under Theresa May's Brexit Deal #Brexitshambles
OK peeps. How would you vote now if there was a new Brexit poll?
your friend is saying you were mistaken, It misleading , in your letter to the nation ?
She's ruined everything for us #TreasonMay
British politicians to vote on Brexit deal on December 11th
News flash, the British public won’t forgive you for more than #Brexit
Utter tripe! The U.K. is four countries not one and two of the four voted to remain. Any Brexit as such would be without the consent of two countries (50%) of the U.K. So the blame lies entirely at the quitters feet and no one else
The Donald torpedoes the MayBot. LOL #Brexit
Bored with Brexit? How patronising, Mrs May
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via
It’s nothing to do with this cunt.
Anyone hoping the markets will force MPs to back Theresa May's Brexit deal is likely to be disappointed (via )
What British public will NEVER forgive your party for is an incompetently called EURef for party political reasons, to suit your elections worries and the total mishandling of the whole Brexit issue since PS The Withdrawal Deal is rubbish and you damn well know it...grow some
That is exactly what this embarrassing government is trying now, what incompetence, arrogance and stupidity from a political party that would like to see a return to the feudal system! #Brexit Thank you Iain!
Theresa May will put her Brexit deal to Parliament for a decisive vote on December 11
#DonaldTrump slams Theresa May's #Brexit deal as 'great for the EU'
Dominic Raab makes a call to reject Theresa May's Brexit deal because it 'suffocates' opportunities
Well said. Maybot is so timid. Her compliance to the nasty-EU looks more and more like capitulation on everything. That’s 39 billion of unaccounted for tax-payers money for a vassal- Brino. The work of quislings.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Can a wedding be worse than Brexit? Stay tuned to find out...
Falsehoods, Failures, Fibs &amp; Fabrications #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #peoplesvote #bbcnewssix #bbclondonnews #londontonight #peoplesvote #brexit
Whatever party you support, please consider giving money to Green crowdfunder so Caroline Lucas can keep her 2 staff. She is the true opposition to Brexit and the best advocate of UK rights as EU citizens.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Yes, amazing isn't it.
It's saying something when the real Leader of the Opposition is Ken Clarke
I’m not sure if I’m supposed to be cheering Trump here or not.
Crucial stuff in this thread.
'I'm ANGRY and EMBARRASSED!' Jamie Oliver is FURIOUS at #Brexit
Ah it's from here. Easy trade deals eh I'm waiting...
Brexit vs Brexit then
The gaul of the likes of Mogg and Farage to claim that the £39bn EU exit bill is ‘robbing UK tax payers’ is astounding. A no deal Brexit would cost the economy far more than that, according to predictions from just about every-fucking-one. Yet that’s not robbing taxpayers?
Go on then, I'll bite. We need another referendum, as the first one was likely illegal and meddled with by Russia, and produced a result that with just tiny majority support will have probably ruinous effects on the country. Tell me why I'm wrong #Brexit
Why isn’t Corbyn pointing out what a shit show Brexit is and not just pointl scoring on her deal- if he though he could do better he’s much mistaken. Mad old grandad has zero experience negotiating
En Route to Norway... Despite the May deal (which may be doomed) is the UK bound for a #Norway-style EFTA #Brexit? New post at the World of Wad:
Millions of British ppl demonstrated against Brexit for nearly two years now but guess what Brexit happening. Let them demonstrate they have nothing else to do, plus Chamisa needs something to remain relevant.
Maybe Trump isn't as ignorant as many think. Certainly more intelligent than any Leave leader.
The future for the nations of the British isles This would reflect the Brexit vote &amp; keep all the nations happy #Britain #Brexit #England #Ireland #Scotland #Wales
Accept Brexit based on the deal or don't leave - simples.
may wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. now britain is writing back!
Time to mobilise and get in your MP's face!
If that's true, I hope you guys do just leave w/o one. EU has ridiculous power and needs to be neutered. Between #Brexit, Italy's new gov't, and some of the eastern members resisting EU dictates, perhaps the creature will finally die.
EU leaders agree to ‘Brexit’ terms, saying it is the best deal Britain can get
Fake news. Your ranting makes you feel good of course but this deal isn’t Brexit. It’s Theresa May’s bizarre capitulation masquerading as a negotiating position. You can’t blame this on Brexit voters, blame it squarely on No.10 and the Cabinet. They should have just left.
Friends like these. #brexit
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
Maybe because he has nothing to loose?
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
His claim to fame is shutting a factory in his constituency and subsidizing it moving to England. Feckin weasel dirty Tory scum.
For an MP who advocates polluting swathes of the local environment with noisy dirty cargo planes and now wants No Deal Brexit that risks thousands upon thousands of livelihoods in our country for heaven sake just jack it in resign and have bye election now!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Was down on the Dorset coast today. Someone pointed out Billy's house. It's massive and in a stunning location. No wonder he supports Corbyn.
It'd be like a scene from spitting image. A table of absolute nodding dogs thinking about pleasing the boss and keeping their jobs.
The future for the nations of the British isles This would reflect the Brexit vote &amp; keep all the nations happy #Britain #Brexit #England #Ireland #Scotland #Wales
It’s not confirmed by Lucasfilm just a politician sparking rumors
The short, sharp shock of no-deal Brexit
Latest News Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
I want to play. Redditch.
It was very much in favour of Remain when I took it just now. I answered all of the questions and it told me that 78% agreed with me. I said Labour wouldn't do a better Brexit; May should quit; there should be another vote; I'd vote Remain; I'm not optimistic about the future.
Bernard Jenkin of the ERG says they are both remainers. Is there a Brexit theory of relativity do you think?
Ur maw thought brexit was a person, Tony Brexit from up the road.
So the weaker must be crushed eh? BTW -- a MAJORITY of those voting voted for Brexit. Had the result been reversed there would be no talk of the remainiacs only have won by a "small number". Also BTW - the EU sells twice as much stuff to us as we do to them.
People's #Brexit Vote options: These are really the only options I can see working now. IT'S YOUR TIME TO #VOTE - This is a once in a generation tweet!
May invites Labour MPs to Brexit briefing as she begs them to back her deal
I'm guessing most Brexit voters hadn't even heard of the WTO before they were told that's what they wanted!
He probably didn't read or couldn't understand the #Brexit agreement.
The Department of Foreign Affairs &amp; Trade will host the ‘Getting Ireland Brexit Ready' event this Friday, 30 November in the Letterkenny Institute of Technology campus. As part of the campaign,...
DILIGAF. Brexit....smexit... #UseTheMandate Leave em to it.
This is a disgrace - labour should oppose Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The Prime Minister is spineless. It is time for her government to fall, and for the Queen to send for Mr. Corbyn. Only a socialist disaster can save Britain now. #brexit, #theresamay, #eu #Corbyn
If you’re a Translator in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
#Brexit another #Sharkbite
Back of the queue boys
Morons becoming slaves. The death of a nation. Europe soon to follow.
No it’s you who is the con and a nasty Tory ! What has #brexit got to do with Corbyn? Take your grievance to David Cameron and the Conservative party . Stop looking for a scapegoat for your idiotic brexit shambles and leave Corbyn out of it . Go away ! #wearecorbyn #jc4pm #lbc
Theresa Mays Brexit Tour bus getting put through its paces
The objectives are good but I'm sure that the reasoning is wrong!
What a nightmare for the Govt.
#bbcnews You can't beat the people! #PeoplesVote
Doesn’t May mean she will lose HER job if MP’s don’t support her?
One positive aspect of #Brexit is that Diane Dodds and Nigel Farage will be out of a job soon, so every cloud...
As I understand it, this is another lie. The £39bn ‘divorce bill’ is payable regardless of how we leave. Deal or no deal, we still pay it. #brexitchaos #brexit
We want No Deal!
Could you put him in charge of Brexit?
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is ‘great deal for EU’
This whole brexit situation is just like when Fudge doesn't believe Voldemort is back. Just listen to every other single person. I wonder what the real minister of magic thinks about all this?
Latest News: Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' President Trump has said the Brexit deal is great for the EU and has cast doubt on whether the UK will be able to trade with the US. 2018-11-26 20:41:25Z
can believe in unicorns, the DUP, and benefits of visas as much as she wishes. But how can she possibly believe that #Brexit followed by nonstop EU talks to end 2020 + USA trade deal, + battles over EU27 citizens, will unite country! Particularly as it gets poorer!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' but warns it will harm UK-US trade
Even better to be part of something which has a point and is beneficial. There's some point in pointing that out while scrabbling around trying to find a fudge. There're other options if we're honest about the inconsistencies. #BrexitReality #PeoplesVote #notbuyingit #Brexit.
May v Corbyn: who would win a TV Brexit battle? And would it change anything? | Zoe Williams
Seems to me the anger being directed at both of the main political parties over their Brexit stance will see the next general election being decided on who is last past the post.
I'm such a troll that if I worked for the OED the definition of Brexit would read as: Brexit; Means Brexit.
This indeed sounds like a great proposal that might unite the country again after #brexit
Yep, Mr President, you're right.
The term hypocrite best describes you and your party! The DUP have ignored and still ignore the majority of people you claim to represent views on brexit, the EU and our neighbors! #arrogant
#Brexit No to May's #BrexitBetrayal
It would be like the blind leading the blind
She wouldn't because she is a devious #remainer and her #remain non deal is questionably #treason - perhaps someone straight in #Law might one day like to pursue that line of questioning n'est ce pas ? #TheresaMayResign #Brexit #Lexit #Leave #LeaveMeansLeave
So Donald Trump can see this deal is diabolical. Our own MPS see this is an awful deal but our PM thinks it's great!! She must be the most deluded person in the Government right now!! #brexit
It's line some some classic internet-level trolling started leaking out into the real world. Sir, I tip my hat you.
Three Cheers for Steve Bray ! He's a true hero. #Respect #PeoplesVote
Stretching a point Neale re Ken. Was quizzed in the Brexit capital of Stoke-on-Trent on what was meant by a ‘Blue Shirt’ in Ireland. They thought Tory. Disabused them but did explain it was derogatory. Even May has hinted at suspending, then withdrawing A50.
An apology for a, possibly accidental, hurtful use of language would have been honourable and welcomed by many.
As we stand in 2018: -Volatility is back in a big way. -Data shows the economy is slowing. -EM have been chaotic. -Heavy hitters like Paul Tudor Jones, Stan Druckenmiller and Jim Rogers have raised concerns about monetary policy / normalisation. -US-China/Brexit awaits.
YoYoYo FOLKS. THIS IS YOUR FRIGGING COUNTRY. Mind it !! It’s being robbed from under your feet. I proud to be from a country that would NEVER allow this.
Me vote matterd when I voted brexit twice
Old Clownstick is sticking the boot into her now, May is like the women in Aeroplane, they're all getting a slap at her
Trump sticks his oar in...
This is a genuine concern as I thought UK could trade with whomever wanted to trade with us? #Brexit
Top man
Our coastguard comes under TFT. #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This is going well
I don't believe we’ve heard the views of the most important person in the whole Brexit debate yet. What does think of Theresa’s deal? After all - hers is the only opinion that counts in lefty broadsheet land… #WTOBrexit
It is official. Theresa My's deal and government are a shambles.
Yep it will be scenario 5. And May will win it.
No We get rid of the Tories ASAP ! No deal suits me fine!
#Brexit Mood of Nation
Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US via #breaking #news
I wouldn’t worry too much. Brexit is a bit like Eastenders. No matter how long it goes on for nothing changes.
Juncker definitely knows the success of UK after Brexit will represents the End of the EU, because more countries will quit.
To be specific, it is about the post-Brexit relationship, not the transition.
Many people in Britain aren’t bored of Brexit. We are bored however of the ineptness of our so called Prime Minister and the Tories.
And this:
Signed .. Retweet far and wide
Millions of British ppl demonstrated against Brexit for nearly two years now but guess what Brexit is happening. Let them demonstrate they have nothing else to do, plus Chamisa needs something to remain relevant.
New rule: if you think Trump is delusional and irrational about everything else, you can’t use his comments to support your position on Brexit.
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
The latest The Djdeutschland Daily! Thanks to #implantfiles #brexit
The replies I get to any tweet about Brexit are so depressing I’m on wine. On a Monday.
as a brexiteer, pragmatist and realist I trust you appreciate that voting down this brexit deal with no realistic alternative will betray your northern labour electorate? Cower to the metropolitan liberal London elite and call for a second referendum at your peril
Remainers say that to leave the EU will be financial disaster. However most of those who voted brexit were already living it. The disconnect of the elites
Bruce Dickinson of Iron Maiden chats some #Brexit nonsense
Hello Pol. Always fun to get your angle. Are you ready to run out of everything, come Brexit?
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper US-UK trade via
thats what the queens guard will look like after hard brexit
Literally Fake News.
Theresa May has more faces than the Albert Clock
Here e goes again. Will he even turn up, surely there's an anniversary of some northern twn's allotment societt to attend? #AnythingButTheGiantFuckingELEPHANTinTheRoom
And the plot thickens in the brexit drama.
After years of hard work, prayer &amp; expert-fuelled speculation it’s finally happened. It’s landed safely &amp; will spend 2 years digging deep to see how the planet was formed. No, not #Brexit. It’s the #NASA #MarsLanding
So apparently has lobbied and asked him to support her deal, if you are listening please DO NOT! endorse her deal. It’s a betrayal of our democracy our country and our people. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo
Mindblowing and incredibly worrying
Bored with Brexit? How patronising, Mrs May
I'm not saying there's a correlation between the deterioration of Brexit and Burnley's dwindling form, but there is definitely a correlation between the deterioration of Brexit and Burnley's dwindling form..
Ok but since when do we value this mans opinions!! Cant recall the US not trading with us whilst we were in the EU..so whats the difference..Oh thats it we wont be able to be manipulated by the US if we maintain our EU standards
Fascinating. The only majority, even on the day after the vote, was to remain. What a f**king waste of time and money
PM’s Brexit deal ‘great’ for EU but not UK-US trade
True enough but it's hardly a master class in political leadership to present a choice between no deal and an essentially blind Brexit. After all, this is only the WA.
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement stay out of uk politics you buffoon
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US... #Boris4Leader
The first 6 words of the sentence tells you everything you need to know about Mr Raab. That he's a complete fucking gobshite and that he's as useful as a chocolate dildo
Actually, UK has decided to create practical issues to trading. That's what brexit is by definition, removing itself from rules that made trade easier.
The UK and European Union reached a deal on the UK's withdrawal from the Union at a weekend summit but the opponents of Brexit have not lost hope. On the contrary, Andrew Adonis, a former Labour cabinet minister and member of the House of Lords, told ...
Ministers consider backing 'Norway plus' as Brexit plan B #nordic #norway
Thousands are joining this massive open letter to MPs to give the people a final say on #Brexit -- add your name!
"It seems a lot of people need reminding the Cameron government is gone and the May government failed to win the mandate it sought for Brexit in 2017. Oh and no Parliament can bind its successor." Gavin Esler
A no-brainer for anyone with a brain - or a heart. May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Feeling in my bones... Parliament will accept the deal &amp; then we can move forward. You Lammy &amp; remainers will then NOT get a 2nd ref against the British people's democratic vote &amp; labours no policy brexit to gain power can then go fck themselves.
Ahh Thanks for all your support. Just loving our ‘Special relationship ‘!
Pesky US Presidents intervening in Brexit Part 2. No doubt Brexiteers would be as furious with this as with Obama's comments...
We are all being played....the establishment have planned this 'Awful Deal' all along!
The former head of the Bank of England Mervyn King endorses a hard Brexit.
That’s the way she works. Criminal.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Post Brexit we must try our best to make this a fairer society, tackle homelessness, mental health &amp; financial inequality.
Could someone please explain to me in plain English please what brexit-deal we actually have on the table? Because I really must be missing a trick here ......
Not the membership they are Brexit. It will happen May is toast.
The future for the nations of the British isles This would reflect the Brexit vote &amp; keep all the nations happy #Britain #Brexit #England #Ireland #Scotland #Wales
Labour will not allow a representative of the People’s Vote campaign to take part in any televised Brexit debate involving May and Corbyn, with the party instead pushin4a format that would allow the opposition leader to criticise the PM’s domestic policies.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Well said, sir #DitchTheDeal #MayMustGoNow
What would the alternative be though? No deal? No Brexit?
They are welcome to Brexit and all the isolation it brings. But it's never been more stark. We need out. We're a totally different country. The UK has never been further from "union". Its over. The unionists have destroyed the Union. We need #indyref2 and we need #voteyes now.
Boom
Good speech from Clive at fund raiser talking about Sustainable Economics, Climate Change and Government’s disastrous Brexit plans.
Can you still take your belt to a child for sticking one in crooked ? I hope Brexit doesn`t stop that
It’s #NationalCakeDay yay. Have a nice #brexit slice.
The latest Precious Dailies! #reutersenergy #brexit
That would be the only Brexit dividend with any meaning at all!
sums up my feelings very well!!
One of the ppl named in this RT is talking BS whether you like the deal or not
Trump is a dangerous idiot. He wants to buy our NHS, steal all our Scottish branded exports and sell us poisonous beef, pork and chickens. May is desperate to sell out to him via Brexit. Madness!
How about we not depress the UK GDP for the forseeable future, and not Brexit?
Brexit voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, new academic study finds | The Independent
’I’m angry and embarrassed!’ Jamie Oliver blasts #Brexit amid fears for trade relations
I hate you. BBC News - #DonaldTrump : #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Another desperate letter. #Brexit endgame. #BrexitShambles
Grimsby is Danish, having been settled by the Danes in the 9th century. This is a hubris filled example of 'British' exceptionalism.
#Brexit could be a lot easier, it’s the politicians that are making it difficult. If u actually went by the referendum which said stay or leave the eu, when u voted leave it mean’t leave. It mean’t out of what we have now &amp; on to WTO rules &amp; a bonus if eu wanted to give us deal
Surely a debate between pro-Brexit May and pro-Brexit Corbyn is going to be extreme short. What are they going to do with the other 59 minutes and 40 seconds?
11) #Brexit cannot be successful, its variations are so far apart (and in some cases imaginary) there will never be a majority of *Leavers*, never mind Remainers, who support it. A majority will always hate any Brexit, and many will feel deceived by it It just needs to end/
But UK is abiding by the Russian-funded Brexit fiasco, so little cred in standing up to standing up to Kremlin...
The Brexit Argument Is Dead, Long Live The Brexit Argument
Absolutely. Every last one of them should have been working together to deliver a strong Brexit. Instead they've done nothing but work to their own agendas. I have serious doubts about whether I'm prepared to ever vote again.
Nigel's been on the phone.
Brexit: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50 if MPs want to | The Independent
For matters Brexit, Beth's reports and analysis are worth catching.
1 4 the deal makers =&gt; #Brexit
President Trump says the #Brexit deal is great for the EU and has cast doubt on whether the UK will be able to make a trade arrangement the US
Extra Noteworthy News- "Brexit Questions"- Amis, "The Questions that Remain are (1) Will Prime Minister May Win a Vote of Confidence in the U.K. Parliament and (2) This May Be the Perfect Moment in Time to Consider A New Referendum, that Addresses The Pro…
We voted for Brexit for sovereignty. It meant regaining control of our deals and not being hindered by the EU when we want to progress our relationships with our allies. May’s deal fails to deliver that, because it’s not Brexit. Even the agreement calls us a “member state”.
Key Points In The EU-UK Brexit Agreement European Council President Donald Tusk, left, shakes hands with European Union chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier during a media...
show no mercy for the stupid woman, dumbest PM we've ever had look at her record at home office, cut police numbers, ended stop &amp; search, massive cuts to prison service, all a shambles now with crime out of control, as PM lost big majority, divided country, cocked up brexit
Uh oh, that weird moment when you realize you know someone who is pro Brexit #unfollow
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 - BBC News
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May’s Disappointing Brexit Deal…
Why Global Finance Stopped Shouting About Brexit - Wall Street Journal
The future for the nations of the British isles This would reflect the Brexit vote &amp; keep all the nations happy #Britain #Brexit #England #Ireland #Scotland #Wales
WELL SAID MARCUS FYSH THE BREXITEERS ARE BEHIND YOU EVERY STEP OF THE WAY TILL WE GET THE BREXIT THAT THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR. AND NOW THE BEST WAY IS LEAVING ON WTO RULES. ADAM BOULTON HOW IGNORANT NO ONE IS LISTENING TO...
This is just one of the reasons you have no credibility
The Men Who Own Brexit by Dan Kitwood ( ) Getty Images
So... wants the country to unite does she? After everything her party has done to us? Are you insane love? You only seek to enrich the wealthy while the rest of us starve or freeze while we beg for crumbs. sums it up:
Theresa from what Trump says it implies you were mistaken , or misleading, in your letter to the nation. Care to clear this up for us ?
Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US - The Independent
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
I really can't see how the economy would suffer. Soros lost a lot of money too.. on Brexit and Trump. Everything works two ways. Also - Medicines.. would Europeans also be out of luck with getting our very own GSK wares? Don't they have a huge global market share
Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
I think the honours system should be suspended full stop. Until at least 3 quarters of them are dead, then from then on only replace those who die.
Indeed Barry.. Imagine their disappointment when we remain.. Having to listen to that Farage fool or listen endlessly why Brexit is so great.. It will drive anyone to suicide
I am sick of #Puelin and #Puelout and I am sick of #brexit. I literally can’t be bothered to pass comment on either any more.
May got what she wanted, no one is that incompetent, she is a Remainer and appointed an EU Federalist Olly Robbins to go behind the Brexit Ministers and tie us in. They don’t care what the Leave vote was, do MPs??!!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' but warns it will harm UK-US trade via
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
With notable exceptions (those who had the courage to resign) they have already made themselves toxic by association. If May went now, and they can get a brexit PM to put through a real brexit.. they could save themselves.. if not.. TORIES R.I.P.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Anti-Brexit activists launch bid to force Labour to back second referendum as pressure on Corbyn grows
#FBPE people! Birmingham Mail will be running analytics on their website. Click on the link in Julie’s tweet and retweet. You could even be a devil and read the story!
The future for the nations of the British isles This would reflect the Brexit vote &amp; keep all the nations happy #Britain #Brexit #England #Ireland #Scotland #Wales
The PM’s plan isn’t bad – it’s atrocious:
Paul, you know quite a bit about Brexit, could you help please or do you know someone who could? Many thanks.
Steven Swinford ( ) tweeted at 8:13 pm on Mon, Nov 26, 2018: DONALD TRUMP ON PM's BREXIT DEAL: (
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade - Sky News
You're a liar then. Or a fool. Or both. Any Brexit is bad for OurNHS. Hard Brexit will break it. #FinalSay
You pandered to the right wing of your party in the hope of selling them a deal that will save your skin. You are by nature (like me) a remainer but now and again you say things that show us how scared you are of the right wing of the party and who is really in charge of Brexit.
I make £100bn per year = £3300 per tax payer. If your better half works as well your household is down by £6600 per year. Unbelievable that they’ve tricked anyone who isn’t a multi millionaire into voting for this shit. #brexit
People who can be arsed to air their opinion on Brexit on telly will, almost by definition, say "We don't they just get on with it!"
So does China. UN might break apart if the populism/nationalism movement catches on there. The UK is having trouble with Brexit. France and Germany don't seem very happy with their current leaders. AUS[#Koala] and NZ[#Kiwi] I don't trust. Russia not the biggest threat right now.
No mention of hard or soft #Brexit just leave
No deal is better than a bad deal Please sign and retweet this petition as widely as possible Leave the #EU now #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #Conservatives #MayMustGo #BinTheBackStop
EU Deal is not really a "deal". It is resembles the sort of Carthaginian Peace Agreement that victors imposer on losers after a war. EU gets everything; dictates everything. The role of UK is to simply to comply.
What about leading brexit, 3rd time of asking?
If your brain shrank by 3.9% you wouldn't have one left.
We could trade with America in the EU but now can't outside the EU. Back of the queue boys.
First time I’ve seen a vote estimate. I’m glad it looks like getting shot down. #Brexit
Will it have a crossword?
Christ Can we just save time and fast forward to a #generalelection that we know is coming #GeneralElectionNow #gtto
This thread is the embodiment of why I fear America right now. Clearly Trump is the puppet and Russia, the puppeteers. Dark times ahead for USA, and with Brexit looking for us Brits, very scary times in the near future...
To be clear: The UK and the US are already trading successfully. But is right; we are all working ‚on it‘ together. Together.
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 ::Al Jazeera
The idea of Brexit was to give Britain the ability to run their own Country, the Prime Minister surrendered to the E U! Horrible deal!
It’s not Brexit.... that’s already been voted upon... it’s Mays deal.
Define hard brexit. You mean no deal- straight to WTO Or Do you mean leave single market &amp; customs union but stay in the ECJ etc.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Figures show rise in EU nationals exiting public sector after Brexit vote #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #bbcnewssix #bbclondonnews #londontonight
Now is the time. #US troops in #NATO bases need to mobilize to save #UK from #BrexitBetrayal #Nazi #EU #TraitorTories have colluded with foreign powers to enslave British people. #WethePeople are sovereign. Long live #Brexit republic #PENTAGON #MAGA #trump #QAnon #Q+ #D5 #Fisa
Of course. They probably dictated it to her in the first place.
MP’s have duty to do what is best for the people and the Country. This includes not voting for something that will make us poorer. Please remember that the referendum was won by a small majority by lying and cheating. MP’s can vote to stop Brexit.
FFS, come on we need a #PeoplesVote #Brexit
The irony!! This account has ZERO mentions in its history of: 'UN' 'Alston' 'Poverty' After Philip Alston, UN envoy, said just a week ago that the UK welfare system is cruel and mysogynistic. Not a spare second to mention that but happy to troll Corbyn over brexit when he's got
And... FBPE
Jean Paul Sartre Brexit - Huis Clos (literally Behind Closed Doors or in camera to lawyers). The theme is we’re trapped forever. “Eh bien, continuons..."
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 What sane person would vote for this. #Remain is clearly now the only sensible option.
Look, this is bad, really bad.
Meet “Project Vote,” The Crack Team Set Up To Save Theresa May’s Brexit - BuzzFeed UK
The country is fractured. The #Tory party infighting is destroying the future of our children &amp; grandchildren. Yet my #MP stays silent. When will explain to your #constituents how this #Brexit deal is good for them? #takeastand
you won’t be in government when the PM is replaced given the extent you’re trying to defend this bad deal...
Keep putting the pressure on Fone May has sold us out she is a double agent conniving with Brussels since the beginning of Brexit stretching it out so we get fed up now dropped bombshell deal her plan all along
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Gareth Snell: I’m voting against May’s #Brexitdeal – but I know it’s a gamble via
Holly willoughbys new book &gt;brexit expert &gt;
And you know what else: People grow up, they read, they travel. #Brexit and the loss of travel is akin to burning down loads of libraries. Even in the EU I still went beyond its borders too.
Hope it will work for Europeans after Brexit...
Unfair. Unlike May, Hammond, Lidington, Robbins etc, Trump has always believed in #Brexit
she's wrong in her economic assessments of a proper brexit as well
Donald Trump said the draft Brexit deal sounded like it would be good for the EU.
Absolutely fucking brilliant
France can't do anything of the sort. It's only sabre rattling.
Trump to save Britain! Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Sorry Brexit???? Never heard of him. Foreign lad??? What position does he play??
I'd think Brexit would be more of a concern to you than Nicola Sturgeon doing her job? Brexit, especially a hard Brexit, will be a disaster for Scotland.
I always championed &amp; I’m starting to feel a little conned. Their false equivalence and headline chasing when it comes to Brexit has really helped lead us to this mess. I wonder how many will defend them next time the issue of public broadcasting arises? #peoplesvote
Extra Noteworthy News- "The Brexit Reality"- Amis, It's Been More Than Two Years since The U.K. Voted to Leave The EU, and "The Question" that "Should Be Answered by The Political Party's and Powers that Be in The U.K." and "Possibly The Most Important Qu…
May's deal leaves us in groundhog Day territory. If it's just about fom for some fine but for me it's either clean break or remain and be toxic within with the hope of leaving later or just kill off the UK in exchange for 3/4 member states. This deals legacy will prolong Brexit.
Mrs May tried to sell her Brexit deal in parliament today no takers, she now putting it up for auction on E-BAY
This man will always put his personal beliefs above those of his membership when they diverge. He’s a fraud:
And she also says 'In any circumstances'. Why would she NOT state WHO gave the advice on committing £39bn of taxpayers money? #brexit Attorney General at time she agreed it was Jeremy Wright QC MP &amp; he's now DCMS Minister since July &amp; he backed #remain
The bus isn’t true because Brexit cannot yield any spare money to spend anywhere. Why is this so incomprehensible?
EU Deal is not really a "deal". It is resembles the sort of Carthaginian Peace Agreement that victors impose on losers after a war. EU gets everything; dictates everything. The role of UK is to simply to comply.
FYI - Please resign before you do even more damage to this country.
Cripes, this is what brexiters think of businesses and farmers these days. Brexit: Sammy Wilson will not say sorry for ‘puppet’ remarks
40-45% UK exports to the EU. How much more to other places as a result of our membership with the EU? Betting it's pushing us near 75% #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitAgreement
I wanted Carlin and Brexit
Yeah I'd probably be a bit more relaxed about Brexit as well if I had an estimated net worth of £75m
Isolated and forlorn May’s new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace No sympathy.
All voices should be heard!
But he MUST know - wasnt he Mr Brexit?
Yup, cant disagree with this
Friends living in France tell me they watch the Brexit stuff on UK TV channels as if it were some kind of reality TV show. Quite a good description I think.
Trump got word from his handler to put the boot in as Putin needs the EU as weak as possible (hence France riots, Italian fascists, Hungarian fascists, and Catalan separatists). He already has the US under his thumb. Now he wants to amp up Brexit. You have to love Vlad ...
So Brexit then.
it is 320bn Euro question! #Brexit
More proof that Brexit was built on lies and fantasy.
The party of the people is terrified of the #PeoplesVote
As usual, telling it how it is...
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
We always have been an independent coastal state. The Tories you love so much CHOSE to bargain away fishing rights. AND THEY'RE ABOUT TO DO IT AGAIN.
Bank of England's Saunders sees higher rates if Brexit goes smoothly #Finance #Business #Investissement via
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
That is a threadbare argument, rejected by most, but you are entitled to your beliefs. Democracy is a work in progress at all times, and when the public decides a change is needed, that's the time to let them speak. Why are you so afraid of another vote? Brexit is a bust
Mr Trump said Mrs May's Brexit deal was “great” for the EU but suggested it would harm the UK’s ability to strike a trade deal with the US
Must have been up all night thinking up that name
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' There you have it... it’s a shit deal!
absolutely - so so true
May's finished.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May 'full of optimism' as deal agreed by EU
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Shared without comment. Mostly because the comments write themselves. BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Grassroots anti-Brexit groups urge Donald Tusk to keep door open for no Brexit | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Understandably, I’m getting a lot of queries about my position in the #Brexit issue. On Friday put it right at top of my constituency round up, which you can find here:
Orange Baby Donnie takes time out from gassing immigrant children to bestow a kicking to Theresa May's Brexit deal.
Only Farage's paymasters and mates will benefit from Brexit
Simon Jenkins makes a valid point here "History may yet regard the handling of a defeated and depressed Russia in the 1990s as like its handling of Germany after 1918."
so what do you two think of this as a resolution to the Brexit debate?
Trump makes clear: Theresa May’s deal means no FTA with America
What you are saying is that they can't be part of Labour if they are linked to 55 Tufton Street. I am saying that if you have linked them to Tufton street - then you have made the "missing link". The reason that Labour has not opposed #brexit &amp; the place where the money was from
But it's a red, blue and white Brexit! They will have to live with it just like future generations in this country. Remember you didn't vote to be poorer.
Corbyn will be able to clarify labour's position on Brexit, and is right to stop 2nd voters participating. He wants an election. Any thing short of full Brexit will be a victory for neoliberalism and will stop #ForTheMany
Your "Brexit means Brexit" will be delivered. Now, get off your high horse and start delivering on even one of the #Brexit promises. Or admit it can't be done and #StopBrexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs AS IN ECONOMICS PRISONERS DILEMMA PEOPLE MAKE CHOICES BASED ON OPTIMAL OUTCOME! BEING HALF IN EU IS SUBOPTIMAL &amp; POINTLESS!
Our PM cooked the #Brexit dish we ordered but spat on it. Now she tells us we can't send it back to the kitchen.
The future for the nations of the British isles This would reflect the Brexit vote &amp; keep all the nations happy #Britain #Brexit #England #Ireland #Scotland #Wales
Ruin Brexit for them. #PeoplesVoteNow
Holly willoughbys new book &gt;brexit expert &gt;
I am following Brexit from the US very closely, not least of all because I like saying the word "Brexit." Sounds like Breakfast. Also like Biscuit. But very different.
Robert peston@ peston she deserves it she’s a pathological liar, vicars daughter my arse deluded, deceitful traitor, she needs to be put down like a disease ridden old dog
Ouch
In a major speech on Brexit, Theresa May called Europeans in Britain queue jumpers. People got upset.
What a prize plank!
please Barnier’s deputy already let slip the backstop forms the basis for the future FTA... Plus...
Brexit Morons...
A reminder that Mark Francois is an ex whip
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May's Brexit "betrayal" | BrexitCentral
Mist Labour mps got in on back of siding with brexit wonder how many will lose there seats now people know Labour are pro remain
Tommy Robinson opposes Islamist extremism and grooming gangs, so what does opposing Tommy Robinson oppose? David Lammy MP calls for Massive demo to OPPOSE Tommy Robinson Brexit March! via
Hammond and Rudd will quit the Cabinet in the event of 'No Deal', - the benefits just keep stacking up. #Brexit
What annoys me is she is going to treat this like an election appearances,going all round the country preaching at people when we all know this is NOT Brexit.
JC wants to be a socialist messiah to rebuild from the ashes. He needs to help them burn the country and create those ashes. That's why he supports Brexit in my opinion.
I hear asked for letters re the withdrawal agreement. Heres an extract from mine. #brexit #peoplesvote #leave copied to my MP just as she asked
Good to see Donald Trump and the EU agree on something for a change!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter
im@ crying
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
Dead in the water? Did May secretly desire to be the PM whose guidance saved us from our darkest hour? Well May that was Churchill and you've been burning Britain rather than fixing #Brexit. History will not forget or forgive your attempted #BrexitBetrayal
The uk now has a new trading partner #brexit
The E.U. has given the green light to PM Theresa May's deal to seal Britain's divorce from the bloc. What's next for Brexit?
For a year I was extremely angry that Starmer, Morgan, Grieve Adonis et al were undermining and trying to stop Brexit. Ironically took a long while to realise it was May,Robbins,Hammond And Gove all along! When Fallon savages you in commons you really have lost the plot.
May defends Brexit deal to sceptical MPs
Brexit: Austerity-struck Leave voters now realise how European Union membership benefits them, new academic study...
AND SHE GAVE THE NOD TO SPY ON YOU POTUS,she’s a traitor
Fair enough. But if he is delusional and irrational about one's own country, that is, in itself, a fact be considered in your calculations.
is it true we can't change this unless we get 27 other countries to unanimously agree to change legislation laws procedures and processes? Maybe #brexit ain't such a bad idea after all!
Just seen your we are not loosing on a second vote well I do hate to be the bearer of bad news but to put it bluntly you are fucked mate Brexit is happening
This is your brain on Brexit.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The price of #Brexit on Kent's roads:
EU Deal is not really a "deal". It is resembles the sort of Carthaginian Peace Agreement that victors impose on losers after a war. EU gets everything; dictates everything. The role of UK is simply to comply.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Never fails, #FakeNews dressed up as a serious measure of public opinion. Where was Brenda from Bristol? #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
“I think we have to take a look at, seriously, whether or not the UK is allowed to trade. Because, you know, right now, if you look at the deal, they may not be able to trade with us.
He and May ere not excellent at this
Now. Is. Not. The. Time.
Beetlejuice lied and hoodwinked people and wasn't trusted so, an apt jacket for this PM who sold down the river with the worst deal in History of this once great country. Brexit is flawed in any case. We were better off in the EU once at the top table and nowhere now.
She has sold us down the river
“Almost irrelevant”? I think you’re being too kind. Treasury’s Brexit forecasts are about as relevant, at the moment, as Theresa May - the woman who threw away a majority gifted her on a plate talking about a dementia tax, and is now throwing the baby out with the bathwater.
Think as a country we should seriously consider Mourinho for PM. ‘Brexit was not my fault, it’s all Europe’s fault. The European Union is young and doesn’t have much experience, it needs maturity. The Brexit negotiations have broken down and it’s not my fault.’
Maybe that’s what the PM is aiming for. She was a remain voter. Maybe if the deal doesn’t get voted in Brexit will be stopped. Then she’ll be a hero to some
He's totally right.
Brexit: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50 if MPs want to - The Independent
Courageous statement of principle from . Hate to be the pessimist but my fear is that it will fall on deaf ears. All along, 's position on Brexit has been akin to a cold bowl of mush.
Forgot all the taxpayers money that went towards spreading lies about brexit?
Oh! look a deliberate and #fakenews #FakeNewsMedia #strawman ! #Brexit #lexit #Leave #LeaveMeansLeave #TheresaMayResign
Once we close the border and fix our unconstitutional Gun-Free Zone laws, we'll have our problem fixed. What are you going to do when the EU army marches through Picadilly Circus and tells you you're not allowed to Brexit?
The brexit argument is dead, long live the brexit argument
So in Brexit terms, there might still be hope for Farage...
Austen. “There are now no truths universally acknowledged.” #LiteraryBrexit
But UK is already *in* the EU and the Left say austerity has been cruelly going on years? UK has not even left the EU yet! Financial crisis happened when *in the EU*! Utter drivel to conflate Brexit with austerity.
EU first for May.
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
This isn’t Brexit though is it? It’s a lifeless Frankstein Monster invented by Theresa May for no good reason whatsoever. Dunno why she wanted the job so badly if she wasn’t going to implement Brexit properly.
Nigel Farage: It's like voting for prison...
So facts are inconvenient to you, so they don’t count? Got ya. And the independent assessment of the Brexit deal doesn’t count either because it doesn’t fit your pathetic narrative, I presume. To answer my own question, you obviously are that obtuse.
Sell-out protects barbaric trade of sending live animals abroad for slaughter
Me thinks theyre also itching to dismember the nhs- frack a whole lot more- dump gen mod food- &amp; chlorine washed meat products but i may be wrong of course..........
May and Corbyn between them cover a notably narrow range of UK opinion re Brexit. A genu8ne debate needs broader representation.
Good luck at the next General Election #Brexit #NoDeal
UK brexit and a claim against Trump, have my doubts Cat.
Maybe the Martians will get involved and get us a better deal on Brexit. Maybe another paradigm on earth when they were here is the reason they left in the first place.... Calling occupants of interplanetary craft. Calling occupants of earth....reject the deal..
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May urges cabinet to get out and sell Brexit deal
Have ZERO interest in watching 2 Remoaners discussing Brexit. 2 and half years of remainer May sabotaging Brexit is enough Get the ERG to debate her ...... that would be worth watching
The more you delve into the legality behind the background and final invocation of Art 50 the less legal it transpires to be #Brexit #justice4all?
Yes, but if he means a free trade deal frustrated by this brexit deal the he is surely right
So what’s the debate going to be about then?
Brexit deal to cost up to £1,100 per person per year
Is this Labour's last chance to show they can actually OPPOSE the Tories on something? Surely no #Labstain this time!??
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Agreed. After all PMQs hardly make for rivetting viewing. It could all descend into playground taunts - 'My Brexit is better than your Brexit' etc. etc.
Remain scare lies again
tells it how it is with Brexit. I really like that man.
No. Rubbish, sorry. I experience it from blokes particularly, all the time in my work. It’s the art of helping ppl miss the point; we don’t need that at this juncture in the #Brexit fiasco
He’s clearly not sure what to argue for. He has no plan apart from pick the opposite side to the government. He really has no clue what sort of Brexit, if any he and his party want. He can’t even decide if he supports a second referendum from one week to the next.
Yeah, but those hard Brexit weirdos make up a not insubstantial part of the parliamentary Conservative party, even if not if the nation.
Trouble is, Parliament does not have a mandate from the people to take us from Brexit into the Brino of Chequers Minus. Government should go to the country on this betrayal of mandate. Remainer MPs targeted; no #Brexophobes thanks.
As far as I can see it, Britain voted Brexit. This allowed us to establish precisely what Brexit looks like. We can evaluate what those options would actually mean. &amp; based on those scenarios, voting again WITH information doesn't seem like going back on "the people's decision"
So, so helpful.
Um, wrong side of history : enabling Cameron and making Brexit happen , selling off our post office ,at a loss,supporting austerity ,supporting higher rate tution fees ..
Brexit? - Whatever. #GTTO #JC4PM Sick of this shit, no one will win the Brexit argument &amp; it distracts from the real problem - shitty governance.
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
Corbyn is right Tories botched deal is bad for Britain but so is his version of Brexit. Neither May or Corbyn have mandate for their versions of Brexit the only democratic way to get that before 29 March 2019 is a #PeoplesVote.
'Sad About Brexit?': How We Got Here
Fatally flawed Brexit deal is the worst possible outcome via
USA isn't striking any disadvantageous trade deals with anyone. Not anytime soon.
I was using brexiteers vocabulary. No one can make brexit work as it is a feeling and utterly intangible ,it can only exist in the mind of the 52 % or those of them that refuse the reality of modern life.
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May’s Disappointing Brexit Deal… | The Last Refuge
Brits parlement stemt 11 december over Brexit -
You say Brexit, and I say, er, Brexit. Can I have a General Election now? #letscallthewholethingoff
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
#NigelFarage Discusses PM #TheresaMay’s Disappointing Brexit Deal… #PrimeMinister #U.K.HouseofCommons
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is ‘great deal for EU’
Thanks your words of wisdom haven't been forgotten. I wonder why we don't trust MP. #spin #Brexit
Well said, sir #DitchTheDeal #MayMustGoNow
Brexit Breakers - Keep Us In #Stopbrexit #PeoplesVote #KeepUsIn #BrexitBreakers #UK
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' || || || #Europe
Please let Ireland take over the South West too.
Might just have something to do with this, Just guessing #Brexit
I know but if they chose to work in Holland or somewhere else they are able to. They don’t have to stay in the U.K. - it’s about encouraging peopleyoung people to look for opportunities. Brexit limits opportunities.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Labour really don't have an alternative plan. Their job's first Brexit is nonsense. And Corbyn isn't backing People's Vote. So what's next - no deal?
Brexit voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, new academic study finds - The Independent
I am angry. We stop Brexit and then we go after the Brexiters.
doing the best she can with brexit surrounded by a bunch of shit politicians and the fuck off disease that is and his arguments. can fuck off as well
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
Shouldn’t this old man be in hospital? Or care home, perhaps? He’s clearly near the end...
Sir - You are not winning your argument with anyone. Brexit represents a failure in duty of care to 66,000,000.
The real #Brexit opposition? Tell that to your MP for Eastbourne, you know, the one who's voting for May's deal? P.s. The Tories don't need to debate their reserve team, sit down &amp; wait for them to call you when they have orders.
It has long been contended that there were strong links between the Corbyn faction &amp; Putin - his advsor, Milne being photographed with Putin.... The extraordinary lack of opposition to #brexit from Corbyn.
I cannot for the life of me understand why almost half of Scots seem to be oblivious to the dangers of being outwith the EU but within the UK.The WM Est.have blatantly demonstrated their contempt towards us, particularly during this Brexit farce.'Twould get evenworse post Brexit.
Even is smart enough to realise that May's #BrexitDeal is rubbish!
Wake the fuck up everyone.
You might think that we couldn’t possibly comment....etc.
and use want this. Shameless
Hilarious. I live with someone who has worked for the NHS for her whole life who is also a Brexit supporter. If I'm a "liar" according to you, what is she? A "traitor"?
Theresa May looks EVER MORE likely to be taking UK towards Brexit no-deal, says MACER HALL
Didn't take long, Macron warns UK: "You'll be forced into backstop over fishing." Spain: "Brussels will back our bid for joint Gibraltar rule." "We all lose with Brexit especially the UK." Now the demands start! What ever happened to NO DEAL, is better than a bad deal!
Seriously, let's not leave...
Theresa May is a confused, old, English woman who’s out of her depth. She should stick to her core competencies of xenophobia, refugee bashing, making demobbed British soldiers homeless &amp; using #DWP as modern day Einsatzgruppen, to find the final solution to the disabled &amp; poor.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
One of the rare occasions on which the FT 'speaks with forked tongue'. What would REALLY like is - and I quote the article - "If the whole Brexit process could be painlessly abandoned, I would be pleased." More people agree with THAT than agree with May's deal.
Yeah Right. He read every line of 580 pages
I have a soft spot for these overly English men Twitter brexit accounts. They're ace.
Just about sums up #Brexit
Err ....didn’t you forget to turn up for a crucial #Brexit vote, didn’t you jump into bed with the #Tories helping them to impose #austerity didn’t you sell off Royal Mail to your hedge fund mates for a pittance, what a forgetful old fucker Mr Forgetful is #Hypocrite
So why did the bbc at 6 ignore brexit .. and lead on a none story of climate change
The latest The Mens Sheds Daily! Thanks to #brexit #diy
“123 what are we fighting for? Don’t tell me, I don’t give a damn.” Seems like a good enough comment on Brexit.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May regrets comments on EU nationals Mrs May i voted conservative for the first time in my life i am 62 yrs old ask these questions what did David Davies bring back from Brussels
Let's support hero - outside parliament every day it is sitting opposing #brexit:
is he the new Brexit minister?
Perfect example of exactly who will benefit from brexit.
#FBPE How can such significant outflows have no discernible impact on the political deliberations re #Brexit? How can this Conservative Govt act is such irresponsible manner?
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
1/ perhaps because this is because they are dealing with real peoples lives - have you ever looked at the voting records of the Brexit supporting MPs such as JRM - they're all pretty similar voting to protect Bankers &amp; themselves &amp; showing no interest in those in society
Unbelievable how low she will stoop and the traitors who are willing to support her there will be a heavy price to pay for the traitors
Where were you today didn't see you on TV May is a double agent conniving with Brussels since the beginning of Brexit she has been using confusion techniques on us and Parliament her plan from the start she must go
Trump believes in cliff-edge, brexit amputation. congrats; you just fiugred out people believe in different brexits.
Theresa May's Brexit deal hasn't got a cat in hell's chance of getting through Parliament, it's time for the well-meaning bungler to go
Now is the moment to stop Theresa May’s car-cash Brexit and junk the Withdrawal Agreement.
Say what you like about but he’s done a few deals in his time and know’s what a bad un looks like! BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Jon is honest reporting back at the Brexit Broadcasting Company, First time in a long while
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's obvious TMays BREXIT deal will fail,this should prompt a leadership challenge &amp; hopefully a BREXIT prime Minister will take us out of the EU with a no deal no cost departure,is that a reasonable assumption????.
Tom Watson took £1 million from Isreal Tory scum .
Nothing could possibly make the Brexit debate any more insufferable. Oh, wait...
Siri, what is the polar opposite of diplomatic tact?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Gordon Rayner on Twitter
My friend has admirably guided Gibraltar through the tricky negotiations with the EU. Any suggestion the Brexit deal undermines Gibraltar’s British sovereignty is totally untrue.
To add to the farce ten percent are Brits escaping Brexit.
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B
Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson reveals why he voted to leave the EU and says he’s ‘quite relaxed’ about Brexit - The frontman claimed Brexit would "open up the United Kingdom to the rest of the world" ...
The EU are not used to taking no for an answer. Brexit is the ultimate proof. The EU is the enemy of the European people, and it seems they don't care who knows it.
Nobody is ever going to forgive you for austerity or Brexit. Nobody. For Ever.
To - YOU have been complicit in #Brexit fraud &amp; cover up. Whilst walked a lonely beat to save democracy from fraud you promoted it. After #peoplesvote we are coming for your jobs.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit poll reveals the majority of Brexiteers' constituents would now vote Remain - Mirror Online
He wants a weak Great Britain so his brand of disaster capaitalism can pillage our public services. America first means GB is a body to be pillaged.
Ah bless Cupcake. You were basing that loss on May's Brexit deal. No one wants that. We leave on No Deal as we voted.
So who will we have the ability to have a trade deal with, eventually, when we're allowed, when no one can veto ?
Still full of optimism Theresa?
I have written to my MP ( ) and asked him to vote against the deal, to push for #PeoplesVote if we can’t get an immediate decision to #Remain. Steve Reed seems to be on board. Your MP ( ) is doing a wonderful job too on Twitter! #StopBrexit
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona | Opinion | The Guardian
Bored with Brexit? How patronising, Mrs May via
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU': President Trump has cast doubt on whether the UK will be able to make a trade deal with the US.
There are literally millions who voted for them on the strength of their manifesto promises and will desert them at the next GE. I too would like to see a coalition pro-Brexit party, but it will have to evolve pretty damp quick.
Tory members here welcome the intervention. May has betrayed 17.4million Brexit voters and our party will be ruined if this passes. Anything that makes Tory MPs more likely to vote against it is welcome. And as for “populist”, JRM and BJ are free trade liberals, hardly extreme.
What you would expect off the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation
She has gone past the point she can honourably remain PM if defeated. So it’s all desperate stuff for her and her sycophants.
That’s because is a total TIT when it comes to Brexit! She’s been spinning her sh*t about this for 2 years! He’ll just talk about buses! And they both agree on the topic, so it won’t be much of a debate!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I'm quite enjoying the daily podcasts. This one particularly insightful. "Why did the fishing industry vote for Brexit?"
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Screw BREXIT
Told #DatelineLondon Britain has been redefining its relationship with #Europe for centuries but the myth that the UK can simply throw the entire chess board in the air and go it alone has been exposed. #Brexit
always got to take his words with a pinch of salt, he’s all about pr and Brexit is his only political aim in short, no, he’ll always be a hero for what he did
Time for an honest Peoples Vote
Hold on... Miss Nicky "we need a ppl's vote, where is Corbyn?" Morgan will vote for May's deal?? What. A. Surprise... Not..
Is this actually serious??? The horse is dead!! Stop clogging it, it’s getting very annoying! #MayMustGoNow
To me it does not make sense to stand on the sidelines and the let the DUP call the shots in Westminster. That could lead to even greater partition in the North, which would be anathema to nationalists and many unionists. They could vote on Brexit issues only.
Take note of the dates and the fact 'three line whip' has been mentioned
Care to reply ??
The #ImACeleb task tonight should be to solve #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
And then there's Brexit to counter that...
But people like Farage were saying we will stay in the CU / SM after #Brexit. Why did you not believe him? It was only AFTER the vote, that he changed his the. #Brexit lies.
Burnley are the footballing equivalent of Brexit.
I regret we ever had this immigrant hater as PM.
New: Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Sorry mate, you're heading for the block button I'm afraid. You cannot seriously compare how the music biz (or any other for that matter) operated in the early 1960's with today. Go ask for his thoughts on touring hassles his band foresees post-brexit.
Doesn’t "believe" in climate change, "believes" in Brexit.
TMAY uses BREXIT! It's SUPER EFFECTIVE! CORBYN uses DOING BUGGER ALL WHILST LOOKING A BIT PISSED OFF! It's not very effective...
Historic ‘meaningful vote’ on Brexit deal to take place on December 11: via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Good questions on the rule of law at the Sachs/Neuberger discussion tonight. Remember their profound words when considering Labour’s position on brexit. Removal of rights, curtailment of FoM. These are not Ubuntu. Brexit is a form of apartheid.
Trump says Brexit deal may hit US trade
Scotsman poll - Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any Brexit TV debate?
Every single path tends to sow discord and distrust now. The entire political class has lost the trust of the whole public. Either #Brexit decision will lead to far-right resurgence. It is pandering to obsessions of Right that got us into this hole…and we’re still digging.
Another Brexiteer explains problems with Brexit. This time Donald Trump: - It's a great deal - for the EU! - May hinder trade between the UK and the US Is there anyone that supports Brexit any more? Now that we know what it is? We need a #peoplesVote to end this #brexitShambles
I trust that as a QC and Parliamentary Under-Secretary, and also as a responsible MP, will make this simple fact about revocation of #Article50 known to her constituents and colleagues #Brexit #SECambs #Ely
PPI was a monumental miss selling exercise that cost a fortune to make amends for. How much is a mis-sold Brexit going to cost?
Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US Even her best friend over the pond Trump has deserted poor May.
"Special Relationship" privilege ... they will always TRADE with US!
#Brexit You idiot, I trade with the US and this agreement doesn't change that at all! You don't know your arse from your elbow.
Geez the beeb really love May &amp; the Tories, eh? She should just read this out for 2 wks. It's a more positive spin than she's previously managed! There are more half-truths &amp; obfuscations in this reality check than the original letter! May's Brexit Letter
I voted to remain so I felt failed the day after the referendum. Yesterday was the day Theresa May failed leavers. I haven't spoken to one Brexit voter who is happy with her deal. She's failed everyone. Scrap Brexit and call a General Election!
What a disgraceful treacherous person she is,if MPs accept her offer it shows what ilk they are. We will know soon enough who the Traitor's are.
New post (Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade By Reuters) has been published on Get the latest financial news. Free real time quotes, 25 Trading Tools, Technical analysis, and much more. - © Reuters. U.S. ... -
Our #Brexit info session with for Dutch citizens with has come to an end. Rewatch the whole session on Facebook:
Here you go - Togetherness, free movement rights, our place at the heart of Europe, frictionless single market trade, an open border &amp; peace in Ireland, a dramatic boost to our economy....all if we ditch #Brexit
I don’t know what’s worse brexit or getting shampoo in your eyes..
has assured me that with this new Brexit deal. Ice will never melt then refreeze into a single block and be very difficult to use for Gin and tonics. #BrexitDeal
Just about sums Labour up regarding brexit. Absolutely useless and people believe they could do a better job, they are as pathetic as the Tories
stupid May
If Art 50 is revoked, what a joke this #Brexit shambles truly is. The referendum was neither democratic nor legally binding. But the law, ey?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Join in for fun. Theresa May can’t ignore us for ever! Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
Please wipe that sanctimonious smile of her face with a really good outcome for the British people. #PeoplesVote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's ok to be defeated on the central policy of the government if it's by less than 100 votes?
Why on earth should Britain care what Trump thinks? Whether you are for or against Brexit, it is nothing to do with the US president. And, if you think it has, then you do not believe in the notion of national sovereignty.
Remain always was the single most popular outcome in the brexit referendum. The other outcomes only won by pretending to be compatible with each other.
Trump ‘has always believed in Brexit’. Isn’t that reason enough to question it? The same Trump who believes there’s no climate change, that Finland has forest fires, and supports Putin’s annexation of parts of Ukraine. It’s hardly a ringing endorsement to have Trump onside.
No we'll get austerity x 10 if the unthinkable ever happens. It says that in the SNP commissioned GCR, 10-25 yrs worth. Yeah lets do that. On second thoughts lets not. You brought Brexit in from nowhere, nobody has mentioned it on this thread today, but feel free to point it out.
That's all we need. The orange idiot's take on Brexit. #couldthingsgetworse
Has to be. #NUFC #BURNEW
I'm bored of #brexit but never bored of remain. #fbpe stay strong and I love all my fellow fbpe peeps. X
Yet further evidence that the so-called 'leader' continues to put his political self-interest ahead of the best interests of our country. He is every bit to blame for this #Brexit mess as the lying Tory cheats.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' #Trump never intended to sign a deal with the U.K. except on best terms for him #threats #leverage - like a crook?
Square one is a great improvement. STOP brexit
In so many ways, the #MarsLanding is the exact opposite of #Brexit.
Haha. Funny - but like in a Joe Pesci/Tommy DeVito kinda funny.
#EU &amp; #UK: EU leaders approve #Brexit deal on November 25; deal’s final approval from UK parliament remains uncertain
Theresa (Nasty Party) May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I am a labour member who will leave the party unless you stop brexit. It is in your power to oppose this destructive outcome. Your equivocation is understandable but doesn’t show leadership. Please lead the labour family and nation to a united future.
40billion quid to stay in the EU with no real Brexit. May is an Remainer
British PM launches drive to win public approval for Brexit deal &gt;
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
To be fair, I think Femi is better using his blow-torch on the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement than he is when talking about European history
So Trump says that may's Brexit proposal means that the UK aren't allowed to trade with the USA?!! (video at 1:40)
Brexit Britain, eh? I'm personally steeling myself for the second coming of Jim Davidson to primetime.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Read this tosh from in the telegraph. It’ll make you laugh or cry. Wish I could earn piles of dough writing this stuff too
Could this the most comical thing in history?
Please don’t fall for Norway or Canada,they are both Brexit and will both make the U.K. poorer.
Our brexit policy was set by the members at conference Jeremy is acting on that motion that was passed.
Utter,utter rubbish, like Brexit. Turkeys voting for Christmas.
Brexit is costing a lot too.
Trump says Theresa May’s Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade | #brexit #realDonaldTrump #nobrexit #peoplesvote
Yes, Thatcher concerted a manufacturing nation into a finance and services one. Fostering inequality and funding 1% . And the Tories are in charge of Brexit, not Corbyn,he’s not in power. Oppose them maybe ?
Simple. The day we conclude a trade deal outside the EU is the day Brexit becomes virtually impossible to undo. That's why and are pushing a "deal" that stops us signing any trade deals.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Doctor shreds Nigel Farage for calling medical association a “disgrace” for Brexit warning
"Whichever it is, we’re long past the point where the prime minister’s much-prized fortitude and stoicism has slipped into pig-headedness and outright stupidity."
Another referendum would b disastrous.The British people have already voted in a referendum 2 leave the EU.All u #PeoplesVote people whinge on about how chaotic #Brexit is but if we have a PeoplesVote there would b absolute mayhem&amp; riots in Britain.I will not allow that 2 happen.
Largest economy in the world looking for bilateral zero tariff agreements - UK elites has a problem with the President's style!
The latest The councilwatchuk Daily! Thanks to #brexit #russia
Every week I wish I could spend more quality time with my kids but instead we end up clashing over more and more homework. Might be time to move to Finland... Oh wait, Brexit.
When are you lot going to get that "believing" in Brexit, no matter how intensely, won't make it work.
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess - but there is a way out via
What makes you think this wild claim is any more credible than the wild claims on the side of a bus? Or was that your point?
Begone . Your #Brexit plan is a joke; it panders to the EU and is not in the favour of the UK. Bring in or even better/somehow possible to clear this mess up.
Well said
As a paid up and proud member of the Labour Party I am tempted to lean back towards the greens as they seem the only left wing party fighting to stay in Europe.
With Brexit's biggest donor under criminal investigation will UK high court declare 2016 EU referendum 'void'? Interview, Mark Sainsbury, Radio Live, 26 Nov 2018:
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
"The British see it as a negotiation between two equal parties. And it's not at all" That Yank understands Brexit greater than all Brexit enabling MPs combined.
Can we have a referendum on whether we’re fed up of hearing the word ‘Brexit’ every ticking minute of the day for the last 2 years?? I’m pretty much ready to ‘Brexit’ myself out of this country and over to Australia to be honest...
Cyprus too! So that's Ireland over the border, Spain over Gibraltar and Cyprus - all have reason to veto or cause us pain! MARVELLOUS! This is going utterly swimmingly well!
has been the clearest, most unequivocal voice and would be outstanding in a debate.
And here he is, fresh from tear-gassing a bunch of poverty-stricken foreigners, sticking his oar in on Brexit and stirring the pot. Dear Donald, you will be remembered as the president who made Nixon look like a palatable alternative. You goddamn fucking moron.
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
I wasn't asked to vote on a deal, I was asked to vote for staying in or for leaving the EU - I voted to leave!
Well said, sir #DitchTheDeal #MayMustGoNow
He means May's Britain may not be able to trade eith Yrump's United States ... as long as both or either last ...
Brexit will be decided on December 11. Brilliant. Another thing for me to stress over.
#Trump says #Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for #UK
When they let their guard down, they do it spectacularly, don’t they? #WeNeedANewMedia
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
British MPs to Vote on Brexit Deal December 11
Square One is Square One - mor Brexit bullshit
I don't have to; I've had plenty for #brexit for 30 years.
Really happy we stopped talking about #brexit and we are talking again about mars rover landing and climate change
via ’I’m ANGRY and EMBARRASSED!’ Jamie Oliver blasts Brexit amid fears for trade relations #UK_News
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
LISTEN – Nigel Farage Tells Breitbart: May’s Brexit Betrayal is Like ‘Voluntarily Going to Prison’
#leave or #remain no one voted for this disastrous deal: job losses, ruinous divorce bill, #EU rules we can't control, with possibly no end in sight! #worstOfBothWorlds We call on MPs to reject #May’s deal &amp; support another #publicVote #Brexit #PeoplesVote
SACK The IDIOTS NOW
Here is one I prepared earlier -
In light of Brexit, the 27 remaining EU states should teach all schoolchildren aged 5-18 Latin instead of English to provide an impartial solution to the continental language barrier
Amen to that Well said. Your colleagues should take heed.
On way to work. Turns radio on. #Brexit Puts CD on. On way home from work. Turns radio on. #Brexit Turns radio off. Gets in. Puts news on. #Brexit Sobs uncontrollably.
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Boris wake up. Brexit deal is on the table world trade organisation rules how the rest of the world trade with the EU This deal is what the next referendums on Take this deal it best we can do or Remain.We may not be educated Boris but we're not totally stupid.
the split in this country is will take generations to heal if at all but we will all be united in our bitterness to all the brexit promoting MP`s and pundits especially Cameron and the Tory party
“I beg you, as Labour’s leader, to reject a policy that will so obviously turn our country into a laboratory for one of the most extreme rightwing experiments we have witnessed since the 1930s.” - Gina Miller’s letter to Jeremy Corbyn
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal? the only confirmed Labour backer of May's deal according to this.
So all Leavers, where is the outrage displayed after made the 'back of the queue' comments, 'President T' as Is calling himself now is saying the same thing
I do not like my TV licence nor my tax being used in thid way. Talk about silencing
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU via
Desperate stuff Loz.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote Jeremy please read this letter
Trump wants a trade deal where the UK has to import chlorinated chicken and food that’s 10 times more likely to poison you
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
I’m in and will donate as a thank you for standing up to Brexit
Best popcorn Tweet.
video is not real just a parody The E.U. has given the green light to PM Theresa May's deal to seal Britain's divorce from the bloc. What's next for Brexit?
Theresa May plugging her Brexit deal
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
May discovers the golden rule of Trump; he will always let you down
There was no plan, it's that simple. The man in charge of Brexit was the idiot who told you it would all be easy but had no idea how to make it happen. Same for all the leading Brexiteers - Johnson, Fox, Gove et al, no idea except to criticize, and now it's my fault?
Oh for the con of cheats, liars, fools &amp; racists 14/6/2016 Telegraph “Johnson and Gove, the two leading figures in the Leave campaign, have drawn up a blueprint for implementing a Brexit. Sensibly, it calls for flexibility and a period of reflection.”
It’s a dreadful deal. The national interest is served in tearing it up and removing from office anyone who supports this anti democratic abomination of a deal. Proper WTO Brexit here we come.
The Remain vote is mostly middle classed liberals they yey have to experience the pressures we at the bottom experience but mark my words they will it is simply a matter of time. then the shrieking will be heard in timbktu
Talk radio #UK comment was ‘Brits didn’t know what they were voting for in #brexit referendum-how insulting to Voters! Of course they knew. Tired of paying billions££ fees 2 EU, tired of NO FREE #trade, tired of EU sending industries broke(ie:fishing) tired of endless immigration
It is Richard slso all the Labour MPs need to follow the Party Line &amp; vote against Mayhem's Toxic Brexit Deal.we need a vote of no confidence in this Tory Shambles of a Government or a GE JC4PM.
This is now becoming personal , no way is brexit not going to be Important. Biggest decision in a generation. No way will the public switch off especially when we are being shafted by the shameful Prime Minister!!!
Everything about him screams Brexit......it’s a trick!
I have never seen a poll relating to Brexit how our armed forces voted. Would be interested to know
I'm pretty sure she is getting a recovery fee for the fake brexit bill the EU is trying to steal from us!
Hey it's Panto season is auditioning for the village idiot role in the pantomime called brexit
Guy, what happened to this? "EU negotiators to offer every Brit the chance to remain an EU citizen after Brexit"
Brexit was decided by about 1% how much of that was due to Cambridge Analytica FB fraud?
e EU are not used to taking no for an answer. Their determination to block Brexit is the ongoing, living proof of that. The EU is the enemy of the European people, and it seems they don't care who knows it.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
For sure, I don't think Trump *should* be President of the United States. There are, however, such things as facts and reality. It doesn't matter what Donald "thinks" or how good/bad his judgment is; the UK will still be trading with the US after Brexit! LOL! That's just a fact.
Just seen the #SNP ad after . More scaremongering over Brexit, stoked nationalism then a brief mention of Indy. When will they make a persuasive Indy case based on change, not the stus quo? If the SNP are voting against the deal, aren't they causing the instability?
Me too. I think I just have to be cautious and stay as well informed as possible. Whatever I do, I won't be making any impulsive decisions over the next year or so. Brexit is a total unknown factor in it all.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May regrets EU 'queue-jumpers' comment
Write to your MP #writethiswrong #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #NotBuyingIt
Too many people saying May et al and the #Brexit fiasco will be judged by history. It’ll be too bloody late then, won’t it?
Lords are a Leeching ‘
What IS magic Grandpa scared of? Is his 40 year wet dream of a hard brexit slipping away from his ideological hands?
Poor Tim
Why the hell is Theresa May asking for Donald Trump's support? I wouldn't ask him for the time of day and trust the answer! Donald Trump's words sound like they were written by a fellow man of interest to Robert Mueller, Nigel Farage.
Can you prove any of your empty vacous pish about Brexit? Floors yours? You like the sweeping generalisations i note but never follow through. Bit like all nat/seps, all wind and piss.
When brexit is cancelled, we need a statue built in his honour.
Millions of voters want a 2nd referendum on Brexit, after hearing how the UK will run out of oxygen and fresh water within days of leaving the EU...
I like the idea of balance in my retweets. So after all the #BREXIT Retweets here are some Alpacas.
Brexit-stemming Brits parlement gepland op 11 december
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as "great for the EU"
What is the actual frigging point of having a TV debate on Brexit? Has this country lost the plot? Just have the vote (and I'm not overly sure why it's going to take more than two weeks to get to that stage), get the inevitable rejection out of the way and then see what happens.
Similar to off-the-cuff comments like “Brexit means Brexit” when it clearly doesn’t.
Ask and you shall receive...
Brexit voters are now changing their minds – let’s them give them a Final Say rather than a bad deal - The Independent
Malta should become a UK friendly place, post Brexit – PM #Brexit #UK
I think what yr saying re-affirms what many predict - that the majority of ordinary people who voted for Brexit will suffer the most, while the political, financial and social elites will not really notice any lifestyle differences or problems.
U make a good summary here. But how exactly do we hold the govt to ac over this report?My son represented the views of young people in regards to the impact of Brexit on #poverty during visit to Glasgow so it has been infuriating to hear the pompous response of govt.
You see what happens, Larry? (Cit.)
England will try every dirty trick in the book,exactly the same as they have done for Brexit. However Scotland will have her Independence us Scots do NOT roll over.
geez.....
Boris Johnson Revives Obi-Wan Kenobi Movie Rumors in #Brexit Deal Speech - Slate Magazine
When will Brexiteers realise Trump is not our friend. He's going to do us over to the greatest extent that he can. Pull up a napkin for #chlorinatedchicken ... #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May Boris Johnston said David Cameron did not bring back what he and his wanted they ousted him with 1922 committee sad what did Dominic Raab negotiate in Brussels because he said a deal was pending under his negotiations he now does not agree with?
Brexit secretary is a liar.
#DonaldTrump Please send a meaningful envoy to meet with #TheresaMay &amp; ask here to drop this shambles &amp; go with a #UK #USA #WTO (98 per cent of all global trade) deal for the people. Ps increase the height of the wall.
The only difference being ‘Be Here Now’ could have been great.
Whilst we need to act on climate change The Bilderberg group (made up of billionaires who run chemical companies etc) Control the European Parliament because EMP's cant introduce policies only the 20 man commission can do that (nice back handers) reason why TOTAL BREXIT is best.
Brexit: Austerity-struck Leave voters now realise how European Union membership benefits them, new acade... #Topbuzz
Sorry Simon but Nicola is a shit stirrer who is expedient in trying to use Brexit to cause trouble. If leave suited her she’d use that to keep her independence dream alive. The majority of Scots are fed up with our neverendum and Nicola’s divisive nonsense.
Not in my name Jeremy....STOP brexit
.Giving a knighthood to an MP and failing to get his support for her Brexit Deal is only 's second worst deal of the week.
“We will always stand by you. We are proud that Gibraltar is British" Theresa May tells MPs her #Brexit deal ensures Gibraltar is covered by the whole withdrawal agreement, despite protests from Spain
Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson reveals why he voted to leave the #EU and says he’s ‘quite relaxed’ about #Brexit
Stunned that it took me so long to discover ; along with / THE sharpest, funniest political podcasts. When they've finished rescuing the US from Trump perhaps they can save us from #brexit
Her deal is surely a dead duck....if it’s a vote it’s either stay in or a hard brexit
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
He’s just gained massive approval in the U.K. for saying our Brexit deal sucks
“And there are reports the EU will cut us out of important defence and foreign policy decisions”. Well, duh! Brexit means Brexit. Apparently we would have no MEPs or European Commissioners either! Not fair!!! Waaah!
Yep, the Unionists, that's the people who are separating the UK from Europe, think it's OK for them to take back their Country, Laws &amp; Borders BUT, when it comes to Scotland wanting to do the same thing, that's so bad ... because they're screwing Scotland for every penny they can
can’t you do something about this? We deffo want to participate in this debate!!! JC is pro-Brexit. That’s not a debate, it’s a back-slapping exercise
Well-meaning bungler May must go...NOW
I really need to hear more about this notion of a Brexit wine pipeline, as British companies stockpile on crucial provisions in case of port closures
Anyone else noticed that the pro-Brexit factions on Twitter seem a lot less sure of themselves, lately...? No scientific count, but I am sure I'm getting far less push-back now. More doubt creeping in. Courage, my friends, and let us push on to an #ExitFromBrexit!
of course Trump will take a position with Britain that is similar to all others he has on trade.
Michael Fallon grows a spine
Is Mr Rentoul saying a pro Tory piece is excellent ?
Fuck Brexit.A bit of metal has landed on Mars...
Rafa having his say on Brexit fielding players from 11 countries and 5 continents
Every cloud and all that
Dorothy nails it as always. With her deep understanding of trade I'd hate to think what she'd make of the idiocies being said around Trump and Brexit
As Michael Portillo said, No Deal has become a pejorative term for WTO rules. A managed WTO Brexit is the only way out of this.
1. 'Go home' vans. 2. #Windrush. 3. 'Queue jumpers'. Message received and understood.
I think the point of a TV Brexit debate between May and Corbyn would be to feed the tabloid myth that everything is a binary choice of red vs blue like a football match.
You know it’s bad when President fucking Rugrat is disagreeing with you.
It's not the brexit I voted for #theresa_may
Good! Trump can eff off! And he knows where he can stuff his chlorine chicken.
As useless as Brexit
Theresa May's national roadshow for her #Brexit deal looks forlorn
Theresa May's national roadshow for her #Brexit deal looks forlorn
I agree about May but I believe the Tories will put a stop to Brexit. And I know there is a lot of anger about May but the language isn’t helpful. Have a go at her policies but not her gender eh?
Both should split into patriotic/Brexit and social-engineering/Globalist parties.
Imagine if, after all this, Brexit happens only because a lot of Tories are perverts and criminals.
Spain has taught UK lesson over Gibraltar Brexit panic
Damn! Just when I was looking forward to my local NHS hospital being owned by American venture capitalists and eating chicken washed in a swimming pool.
We couldn't do that before 1973. Rich people could do it but it was very difficult for ordinary people. Under EU law, all EU nationals have to be treated equally - Brexit makes Brits second-class citizens in the EU, further down the food chain for jobs and opportunities.
That does not cover financial services.
40 reasons to back the Brexit Deal . Many need clarification though
I really don't like Trump, but this isn't much different to Obama wading into the 2016 referendum.
We are prepared for Britain to cancel Brexit, says EU president #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #bbcnewsten #bbclondonnews #londontonight #StopBrexit
Theresa May Reveals Date Of 'Meaningful Vote' On Her Brexit Deal via
LOL! In case anyone was looking for another good reason not to back Brexit, here’s Monty making an ironclad argument for Remain.
When are we going to get our shit together and fire Trump?!?
#Trump warns May's #Brexit deal may hinder #UK trade with US
You lot always appear to me to have sad and shallow lives, you need a hashtag and something to get angry about. I wish you'd find another cause than trying to destroy Western democracy because you're all having a collective middle class tantrum.
Ah yes 'belief' in brexit is what we're all lacking, and *that's* why it looks rubbish. #BrexitCredo
Our politics has become cold and obsessive. It’s the same with pro-Brexit and anti-Brexit journalists. I loathe it.
So #TheresaMay said, "back my deal or we go back to square one" - let's be honest if that is the world before this #brexit nonsense, then I am in Theresa!
EU approves May's Brexit deal as its fate heads to Westminster
Sounds like she's got it about right then.... #brexit
Historic ‘meaningful vote’ on historic #Brexit deal set for December 11
your use of bargaining chips &amp; your hostility, didn’t put this in your bloody letter did you!
Funny. But she has troubles ahead. Not because of Gibraltar but for her caotic deal about Brexit.
How about May looking at a pristine toilet, holding a copy of Brexit-Scam, Time for May to Flush the Toilet!
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Brexit cost = ~150 InSight missions to Mars - each year!
Historic ‘meaningful vote’ on historic #Brexit deal set for December 11
May admits her ‘queue jumping’ jibe about EU nationals was a mistake – as it happened
Two-thirds of Britons want May v Corbyn Brexit debate - Sky Data poll - Sky News Please God, no.
Hahahahahaha! Donald Trump!! Once every so often you just have to laugh out loud at this fucking screwball. I know it's cruel but... #Brexit
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is ‘great deal for EU’
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
But muh trade agreement
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' but warns it will harm UK-US trade via
Another example of a local press story spotted by - please retweet her and open the link!
My response. In a nutshell, has both insulted and ignored 73% of the population that did not vote for leave. Her deal is much worse than the EU would have given as FOM was our most valued benefit. We are imprisoned in hostile racist island unless we #StopBrexit
Just what, or who is driving along this path? Her behaviour is delusional. #brexit
Theresa May dumped on his trade deal, a trade deal with our largest export market, so he tells the truth, she’s come negotiated shitty deal for the U.K., I admire his honesty.
Final vote on #Brexit agreement with #EuropeanUnion to be held on December 11 in the parliament: #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal
Ukraine and Turkey can't join. That was something Boris Johnson made up pre-Brexit. They never got close. And the Commission is elected by the council and the parliament actually. Those are elected by the people. Just like in your parliament. What you said is 100% wrong.
’I’m angry and embarrassed!’ Jamie Oliver blasts #Brexit amid fears for trade relations
Thank you Mr #realDonaldTrump Hope #TheresaMay is enjoying this! Good old #Brexit
’I’m angry and embarrassed!’ Jamie Oliver blasts #Brexit amid fears for trade relations
Oh dear !!!!! - Trump says Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for UK via #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
It will decide the future of #Britain's departure from the EU, or #Brexit which it is officially set to take place on March 29, 2019.
The BBC's War With A Brexit Protestor Just Escalated Quite... Brilliantly
He has no right to interfere in British politics.
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Nigel Farage Says May's Brexit Signs Us 'Up for Purgatory' - Newsmax
It’s pathetic- the gutter press were in uproar at the thought of Brits needing Visas to visit Spain, and demanding we charge Spaniards the same. as if so many Spaniards want to spend their holidays at Skeggy
vote was out...then we found out what we'd voted for. A bad deal or no deal, and if we call for no Brexit, we're told we've made our beds so we must lie in them. How is that democracy?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Shoot the spindoctors. If says one more time she is delivering a Brexit what the people voted for I will scream. We voted to leave the EU. We wouldn't have, had we known that over 2years on it's all shite. Just watched PMQs what a sham.
May has not only sold her country down the river but by not delivering anything like what 17.4 million voted for she has destroyed her own Party by ensuring many of those people won’t vote Tory for a generation
Am I the only one who’s concerned about him comparing the biggest genocide in the history of humanity with the brexit?
This coincided with the Prime Minister’s trip to agree the Brexit deal with the European Union leaders in Brussels. Similar demonstrations are taking place in London as well.
Never!
Too bad Nigel you could not be there in the house of commons. Sorry I forgot you never got elected to the house of commons in your life. #NigelFarage #Brexit #uk
3% of the country “strongly supports” Theresa May’s Brexit 3%!!!! This is the latest poll.. where is the context from journalists when she says “people want” it’s a joke 3%!!!!!
While we're at it, remove the UK from being able to play. Brexit means Brexit
Donald Trump has now waded into Brexit... Ohh joy. Fantastic. That's all we fucking wanted. I'm sick to death of the whole thing. #BrexitDeal
Great Green issue. Brexit??????
I'm not the editor of the News at Six, but i suspect the essence of the decision boiled down to climate change being a huge issue &amp; the Brexit story not changing substantially today
Dear if I #BackTheBrexitDeal do I get a #brexit #knighthood?
OMG who didn't see this coming....apart from
Splendid
Well we’ll be ok then! #BrexitShambles #BrexitMeansBrexit #NotArmageddon
He just caused friction on #Brexit too What a surprise
"Brexit holds important lessons for and about the global economy." writes about how #Brexit will impact the global ecomony
Asking for support from the public makes about as much sense as saying exactly the same thing in every interview, regardless of what question is asked.
Game of Brexit: The Red Wedding...
Diane Abbott’s maths teacher
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
But then he also gets upset by Turkey Twizzlers....
Figures show rise in EU nationals exiting public sector after Brexit vote
the opposition has a fundamental duty to question and stress-test the policies of the government of the day
It's like fishing for morons... Loads of brexit morons to catch
We take the world trade organisation rules what you call No Deal is better than a bad deal
I don't know who TM has spoken to but the British people want #Brexit not the surrender she has come back with, and I resent the fact that she says that we want to 'just get on with it' - not true
What is Theresa May’s ‘letter to the nation’ and what does it say about Brexit?
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Thinking about Brexit... what if it doesn't pass the House of Commons, they exit with No Deal? What if there's a shortage of sofas across the pond? What are my rescue brothers and sisters going to do?
Game over, Mrs May.
It is too late 2 ditch #Brexit. Brexit is going to happen and there is nothing u can do to stop it, so u might as well make the best of it my friend.
Trump wanted to sue them #BrexitWinning
She could always #RevokeArticle50Now
The first #FBPE Tory hypocrite capitulates
As one of your constituents, I hope you are fully aware of this despite the government's previous statements, that you will vote against the PM's disastrous brexit deal, and support revocation of A50 - the only course of action in Britain's interests.
The pound has dropped massively since brexit result and unemployment is on the rise. We haven’t even left yet. Yes it’s not the doomsday scenario but we’re still in the EU currently and every effort has been made to soften the blow. A no deal brexit will be catastrophic.
I bet that's what the Tories like best: a population that doesn't think. If they did think, they wouldn't vote Tory or Brexit.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate. In this, I agree with Corbyn. I expect Sturgeon was desperate to get on!
Brexit showdown puts Britain's fault lines on full, irate display | CBC News
Some old voters have died (most Leavers). Some kids now able to vote (most Remainers). But if age and voting Leave is correlated, Brexit gains support with passing time as middle-aged people turn to it as they mature. Overall, UK population is ageing, so moving further to Leave
Labour MPs who vote against, without supporting no Brexit, as doing the same.
The most Brexit goal I’ve ever seen #BURNEW
I love the idea that Theresa May is going to run an "election style" campaign in favour of her brexit agreement - after all she has such a great record in running election campaigns doesn't she??
Perhaps Brexit is not a bad thing after all [The date is 1920]
Says the Brexiteer. These people are literally advocating voting against Brexit, for Brexit’s sake.
dec 6 OPEC used to be a big Yr end GE analyst mtg...silence is golden this year ?
If they were, Brexit would never have got over the line. You might as well ask yourself why do Californians want to give up their right to live in Greenland? They’re not interested.
The only question now is how badly Theresa May’s Brexit deal will be defeated #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #DUP #sinnfein #bbcnewsten #bbclondonnews #londontonight
Seems Theresa May is desperate to get Brexit agreed with the EU!!!
Exactly. Complete waste of time and not brexit in any meaningful way.
The latest The Tamer Mowafy Daily! Thanks to #brexit #sisi
Mrs May's 3rd choice brexit secretary just doesn't get it does he? The majority of people have seen through the lies of the leave campaign and either want article 50 rescinded or a #PeoplesVote #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
#Nigel_Farage Show: Is #Theresa_May convincing anyone with her #Brexit deal? No. She must be insane, incompetent or duplicitous.
I’m starting to think a no deal #Brexit makes more sense than ’s deal. We should put all efforts into establishing WTO rules and stimulating our economy with the £40bn saved from exiting.
Sam Vokes scoring the most FIFA-tier, looping, outside-the-box header going. Absolutely peak Brexit goal #BigManLittleMan #LoadTheBox #BURNEW
The latest sabry mahmoud daily! #reutersenergy #brexit
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US.
Wonder when Theresa May will be marking the Brexit Agreement with her attendance at the 'Compiègne Wagon' Railway Carriage.
I'm shocked by this. This reality check was published, not today, not this week but way back in June 2018. Over the weekend made history by writing a letter to the nation- where is reality check on the most important communication to the nation by a PM since WWII?
yes possibly possibly not they can shift over to other eu countries after all it is the largest trading block in the world ..i mean all that only applies in a hard brexit scenario anyway
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
(Sky news):#Brexit deal 'great for #EU' and may hinder UK-US trade - Trump : Donald Trump says Theresa May's Brexit agreement "sounds like a great deal" for the EU and may hinder trade between the UK and US. ..
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
He’s talking about her shit deal, not Brexit. Her deal is not Brexit.
A conservative Brexit designed and created by the Conservative party. Only one party responsible for whatever mess happens abd only party that should be punished for it. Every other party has just be heckling from sidelines. Time the Tories owned their shit.
's #brexit comment stinks of Boris and Bannon. Should spice things up a little
Why would anyone listen to ? Look what happened the last time a POTUS got involved in BREXIT.
Johan Cruyff smiling down from heaven with all these Brexit goals
Very true. But, if we allow #brexit to happen, Mars won't be able to get their ingredients from Dover to Slough in time. #ironic, innit !
It should be a multiway debate in any case with the and the taking part. Two in favour and two against is better than just two pro Brexit mass debators..
Cross-atlantic conspiring rightwingers thread.
Seriously though, Edward. Without including any meaningless words like ‘sovereignty’ ‘control’ or ‘empire’, what exactly will Brexit do for you? I mean specifically do for you?
Do we still hold all the cards? Sorry .. but I think I missed something... a bright future for the UK .. is that definition also wrapped up in constructive ambiguity?
Yes but it drives the tories mental. They've been literally gagging for Corbyn to turn against Brexit. It's the only weapon they have to beat him.
I didn't mean to diss your line of research and I know there is great value in qualitative data when used for the right purposes. Three simplistic soundbytes on a complex matter such as brexit added nothing to the news. IMHO the news shld bring us news, not vox pops.
Evolution of - from local wheat field vandal to national deceiver The Vicar’s daughter is a habitual liar! “May has just lied and lied and lied. She's lying now when she says this is a good deal and that it's in the national interest” #Brexit
very frustrating - so many comments it has broken the feed! BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The British class system needs war to perpetuate itself . Britain can't cope with peace. Brexit is proof of this.
because her bosses (EU) have told her - she must obey them not the british people
It really is about the developing nations being used by corporations to make money. They want Brexit to do more destroying of manufacturing and farming. And anyway May’s Brexit means being a prisoner of the EU, a rule taker.
Well. Brexit is going as well as usual. "Easiest deal in history", remember.
Has anyone actually noticed the EU is descending into a comprehensive shitfight of the first order? Fascism, hyper-austerity, schism, mass rebellion... Brexit obsessed Brits should wake up to the real world. And the real catastrophe of austerity.
"26th - theme is taking back control of our laws, Raab doing media. PM interview with Dimbleby." u ok hun? #WithdrawalAgreement #Brexit
Date for Brexit deal vote set for 11 Dec Sent via #europeanunion#brexit
While in Vegas, I met a couple from London, England. So happy and love our country but hate Trump. Our conversation was so upfront and truthful how we felt about Brexit. We are one in the thought of freedom. We want to keep it and will continue to RESIST.
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US.
Our song has been released with music video! #brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE
I, like so many others, see straight through you and her and it is deplorable me what you are doing. I’d rather back Corbyn than your ridiculous Brexit deal.
Yes revoke! Immediate brexit here we comes!
Why not #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow .. .... ? What r u afraid of ?
Theresa May and the Brexiteers have achieved something — making the whole country a laughing stock to the rest of the world. Here’s the German perspective.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Donald #Trump: #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
BBC News - Nineteen months of Brexit wrangling - and that's just a taster
Brexit? No?
Brexit game
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Raw Politics: May sells Brexit deal, Ukraine-Russia and womens rights
This is a very good point. Brexit more profoundly divisive than anything I've known.
Sorry Gavin, disagree. Nicola doesn’t care about Leave, Remain or Brexit. Nicola is trying to use the current situation to further her unwanted goal of independence. Scots are getting sick of her not accepting the 2014 result. If she’d rule out a 2nd indyref then maybe.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Anti-Brexit activists launch bid to force Labour to back second referendum as pressure on Corbyn grows
Brexit Burnley not the same this season
Evolution of - from local wheat field vandal to national deceiver. The Vicar’s daughter is a habitual liar! “May has just lied and lied and lied She's lying now when she says this is a good deal and that it's in the national interest” #Brexit
We all should be contacting our MPs, the leaders of the parties, our MEP and let them know how we really feel before parliament votes on the 11 December. If there is a will ....
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Well. We're fucked, then. #CaptainBankruptcy #TrumpIsAMoron BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
It is too late 2 ditch #Brexit. Brexit is going to happen and there is nothing u can do to stop it happening, so u might as well make the best of it my friend.
US-UK business is currently done as US-EU-UK. Once Brexit occurs, it'll be US-UK. Let's hope that the last 40 years of EU business legislation can be quickly be copied and pasted into the UK's.
She was specifically placed in the PM position in order to complete the globalists mission..She is a true Bilderberger, have no doubt..SHE HAS SOLD HER SOUL TO THE DEVIL FOR NWO...
Everyone sign and retweet
If you’re a Web Developer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a calamity for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Good old Donald. Always pops up when least wanted or expected. Guaranteed to make a stir. He’s already put the knife in. This doesn’t change that. Just shows how naive little Englanders r thinking we can bravely go it alone &amp;dictate terms because we r the UK!#Brexit#
The President puts his finger - unerringly - on the very point. 'Good for the E.U. NOT BRITAIN!'
Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
You'll be living with a SNP gov for a while. We're happy with them. The absolute nonsense you numpties talk about taking their eye of the ball is crazy when you have a Brit gov totally engrossed in Brexit and will be for next few years. You're all batshit crazy.
All well and good reassuring people with 'I believe' but how many #Remaniacs are there in the #ToryCivilWar to balance up the #BonkersBrexiteers ?
I suggest we all send them back with a "bollocks to BREXIT" on them.
Double: We must deliver a true Brexit or faith in democracy will be shattered
F**k you and your mum
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The BBC pro Brexit? You're the first person I've ever heard accuse them of that. Everyone else accuse them of being anti Brexit but I bet you can't be wrong lol
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it How Theresa May COULD get her Brexit deal through the Commons despite fury from Leavers and Remainers
How the fuck would he know..sure he's as thick as champ ffs
Trouble is May has never engaged or involved Lab and vilified them constantly as undermining Brexit. To ask them to ride to her support now is a sign of her utter desperation.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' but warns it will harm UK-US trade via
"with agreements" is another way of saying "with a deal". "No deal" means "No agreements" and whilst the term "crash out" may offend your Brexit sensibilities, it's probably not strong enough to convey the damage it will cause to jobs, the economy, supply chains, and the NHS.
Yep, we managed before the EU existed, I am convinced this country can do it again with out being joined to the EU hip. The bigger the organisation, the more ineffective and inefficient it becomes.
In every cloud...
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' but warns it will harm UK-US trade via
YAS. Where do I sign
What is wrong with this Government?
‘Brexodus’ - Rise in number of EU nationals leaving the NHS since Brexit vote
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US.
Trump pulled his punches when the PM laid on a summer state visit with all the ceremonial trimmings. But she's stuck with her dead parrot of a deal now and even the PM of Japan is no longer dropping in to provide a boost.
It's called blackmail, or buying votes, however you want to look at it.
The latest The Medan Prijaji Daily! #brexit #lego
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit is our apartheid. Pass laws for some not for others. Removal of freedom of movement and curtailment of rights is a regressive act. Labour should have no part in this.
To close out the IHE Awards Dinner and the first day of #IHE18 we have Lord Adonis discussing HE policy #brexit and the #PeoplesVote
Mark Hirst Andrew #Marr to Tony Blair: "The English in particular have never been ruled by anyone else." The real elephant in the room is that the fundamental core driver for #Brexit is a spectrum, from disdain to absolute hatred of anyone who is not English and white.
Laura's boss certainly isn't going to get a grumpy call from her ex boss now in No 10 about this piece...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May’s Disappointing Brexit Deal…
Brexit might have pushed me near the edge but if they put Thatcher on the £50 note I’m fucking off to Spain.
#StopBrexit protests should carry on no matter what happens. Like Tim Henman chants at Wimbledon.
Is getting what she deserves, she could always resign and call an election
What about nicola sturgeon or doesnt scktlamd and seconf largest party in country not get a say
They will lose much more than their jobs if they back her (non)-WA. #MayMustGoNow
The Special Relationship isn’t as good as May thought
Exactly. Avoids them when there is an election then wants one when there is a vote in Parliament that she is destined to lose. It can’t be about her deal. It must be about who is to blame for Brexit failing.
Just bear this in mind for the next time Theresa May tells us that her deal will enable us to sign new international trade agreements.
The party who propped up Tory Government &amp; Austerity have absolutely no right to be claiming two other leaders are cosy. Let’s see the Lib Dem evidence of Labour voting with the tories on Brexit.
The only possibility that is WORSE than the PMs pitiful capitulation is Corbyn’s alternative, an abject surrender which meets none of the objectives of Brexit at all.
Ohhhhhh m88888888888. Ironically, many Brexit voters also sit in soiled nappies like newborns.
I’m glad we agree on that. I just can’t see the EU as cause or Brexit as an antidote.
Democratic?!
She doesn’t listen! That SOUNDS familiar Nigel!
We’ll need a £50 note to buy a Freddo after Brexit.
EU supporters, watching the EU plotting to screw us with the capitulation of May's deal, dash our sovereignty etc, thinks Trump is our enemy. Heads up Eddie, the EU is our enemy in this situation, as is our EU loyalist elite fifth column
The more Downing Street put pressure on, the more MPs will vote against this deal. Regardless of your view on #Brexit they are trying to patronise people. That won't wash. Time for a #PeoplesVote
A country song for Theresa May coming soon .... based on Sheena is a Punk Rocker, done in the Country Brexit Hoedown style Theresa May's a Remain-er #BrexitDeal #TheresaMayInFiveWords
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The US finally has a President who is an Anglophile. Imagine how great we could be as allies and trading partners if only we had a PM who wasn't May! Together could deliver a clean #Brexit &amp; Make UK Great Again!
#DonaldTrump: #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
#DonaldTrump: #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Young people are the ones being hit hardest by Brexit yet you would have them keep quiet? Thank god people like Femi are out there doing what they're doing, making themselves heard, and fighting for everyone, including us oldies. Being seen and not heard is outmoded.
Trump: UK May Not Be Able To Trade With US Under Theresa May's Brexit Deal- Via - #NeonNettle
The President said he didn’t believe a climate change report that was years in the making. He offered no basis for his belief. We are all in a Twilight Zone episode. #ClimateChange #ClimateReport #Resist #MarsLanding #Ukraine #Brexit #TijuanaBorder #tariffs #MuellerIsComing
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
#GeneralElection2019 We need a Labour government urgently to address the underlying issues that caused people to vote Brexit+reverse the damage that the callous Tories have done to the UK: Labour will invest in the country, create jobs, provide decent public services+ #SavetheNHS
regrets comments on EU nationals but fails to apologise. If you regret the remarks or language then apologise. #BREXIT
Looks like a no deal then for #Brexit
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US.
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper US-UK trade : "It's a great deal for the EU" he said on radio totally undermining beleaguered PM Theresa May. #WithdrawalAgreement #Trump
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Our Chair at the CGE Dominic Grieve continues to make it absolutely clear, the only way out if this mess is a People's Vote as our problems with Brexit have hardly begun.' #C4PV
. fires a cruise missile at May's sinking pro-EU Brexit deal. It says a great deal when Britain's closest friend and ally on the world stage has to step in to convey a message that Britain's own Prime Minister must know is true but won't concede.
I said on the day of the referendum result I was certain that Brexit would never happen. I still stand by that: it's interesting to see how a second referendum is becoming a greater likelihood, despite it being an 'impossibility' at first. #Brexit
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan savage new Brexit boss Steve Barclay after he says Theresa May’s deal delivers for Leavers
is great with the one liners. "It seems a good deal for the EU" in a reply to a question from a reporter when asked about Theresa May's brexit agreement. Kinda puts the kibosh on her deal somewhat. It's been a long day for some at Westminster.
Iain Dale Tells Tory MP: Don't Rely On People Getting Bored Of #Brexit For Deal Support
Brexit was all about FOM. It was the defining issue. Most of the rank and file don’t give a shite about sovereignty.
If they were to let someone on to demand a referendum re-run surely there’d need to be someone for No Deal and someone for EFTA/EEA too? And Dave from Burnley, and my mum, and her from the SNP as well even
No. 10 spokesperson says declaration signed with EU is clear that UK can sign trade deals with the US; adds UK has already been laying the groundwork for an ambitious trade deal with the US $GBP #Brexit
That’s how I’m feeling too
Iain Dale Tells Tory MP: Don't Rely On People Getting Bored Of #Brexit For Deal Support
Why are they not made to DECLARE A CONFLICT OF INTEREST? - and why aren't their parliamentary rights to vote removed, on ALL matters relating to Brexit?
#Brexit: say must join televised debate
This may be really off base But. In the last two days, looking at subtle changes in tone and language I have really started to conclude that #brexit is not going to happen. Also. I’m starting to think there won’t be a #PeoplesVote because it will be stopped by parliament.
Stocks May Well Be Turning UP! via #stocks #dowjones #nasdaq #g20 #tradewars #brexit #sterling #audusd #euro #draghi
Personally if I were Labour I wouldn't let Corbyn within a mile of a debate on Brexit. May has a shit position but a position nonetheless. He has flipped and flopped endlessly. Kj
You seem to be conflating Brexit with this appalling deal if stopping Brexit is your conclusion.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This is useful. The upcoming vote on the withdrawal agreement is an important moment for the country. It’s not a bad idea to let your MP know what you think, whatever your views may be.
James O'Brien - right little Lord Fauntleroy. The Brexit referendum was clearly the first time in his life he didn't get his own way on something and the 2.5 year (and counting) meltdown since ain't been pretty.
If BBC says 100bn then it must be even worse.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Someone's a bit upset.
Can anyone inform me what‘s going on with Brexit? The people voted out, what happened to that?
Dislike of May’s crappy #Brexit deal, something me and Jermey can agree on.
Darren, you are an MP: the Uk government cannot negotiate a trade deal until it is a 3rd country outside the EU. How can you not know this? #brexit
Here in lies the problem and the procrastination on Brexit is to get our ducks in a line as without the UK they are screwed
Gina Miller letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Telling that Donald Trump’s #Brexit comments/grenade don’t even rank in this Reuters rundown of his South Lawn remarks....
She's right and she's wrong This is important, this is bigger than the party politics game played by The Labour Party. However, her auctions &amp; her deal are not in the interests of the country.
No such thing as a jobs first Brexit? Not what Corbyn says
The latest A Level Government &amp; Politics! Thanks to #politics #brexit
The Prime Minister starts a two-week campaign to save her Brexit deal. Can she succeed? We’ll get analysis from , followed by discussion with , then debate from and . Join us at 10.30pm #scotnight
Trump says Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for UK via
Former BBC Journalist On Why Brexit Stopped Him Being Neutral - LBC
Bringing the expression 'the ugly face of British conservatism' back to life for us. Just what the country needs right now. #StopBrexit
Hallowed be thy name....
Let's not start crediting Trump with any understanding of international economics. He's a fool and brexit remains utter idiocy.
Looks like #Brexit is going swimmingly
The debate aside, I find the consistent use of this metaphor around Brexit so disappointing, it’s so trivialising and stigmatising, and I just don’t understand how it’s viewed as acceptable??
But at this point, I don’t see any real reason not to put it to the people. If they still want Brexit, so be it. But surely the people need to be asked
Trump says #Brexit is bad, very bad so bad that "the UK may not be able to trade with the US"
UK HATE globalist Theresa May. They want to borrow Trump to help them BREXIT! Italy changed leadership to a Nationalist who is telling EU TO STUFF IT! Poland too! France had to encase Eiffel Tower in a cage &amp; regret not voting in Le Pen instead of Macron 29% approval rating.
EU will not extend Article 50 unless for a people's vote with option to stay in EU &amp; no trade deal can be done till UK has left EU as EU has stated all along. What you ask is not possible #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #PeoplesVote
US-UK business is currently done as US-EU-UK. Once Brexit occurs, it'll be US-UK. Let's hope that the last 40 years of EU business legislation can be quickly be copied and pasted into the UK's.
Did these idiots just now realise this??? ANY Brexit is worse than staying the EU FFS!!!
Which #Brexit do you prefer? A #CleanBrexit Or A #DirtyBrexit
I find shouting “Brexit” at the top of my voice very cathartic. Of course no one knows if you voted for it, against it or you’re a “BOB”. Give it ago, caped legal hero, it’s fun!
Trump: UK May Not Be Able To Trade With US Under Theresa May's Brexit Deal- Via - #NeonNettle
The people who say fruit loops are better than Cheerios are the ones who voted for brexit
She isn't listening to the people! The WHOLE POINT OF BREXIT is to have NOTHING TO DO WITH THE EU EVER AGAIN!
I'm no monarchist, but if there is no majority for any of the Brexit outcomes, then maybe we have to accept it's time the Queen seized control with the Household Cavalry. If one wants a job doing properly, one does it oneself.
Hey - what a great contrast to the Brexit misery! BBC News - Mars: Nasa lands InSight robot to study planet's interior
Same reasons as day after the vote came in....we were lied to big time......we didn't then know of the crooked tech ( now proven)...we do now. STOP brexit, second informed referendum now.
#Brexit Mood of the Nation
even this dopey sprouting potato thinks your deal stinks. People's vote or explain the end of the UK to the queen when next you see her...
What (And Why) I’m Stockpiling For Brexit.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' #Brexit
"Darker", "less likeable"....than what?
"In the dark imagination of English reactionaries, Britain is always a defeated nation – and the EU is the imaginary invader."
It’s amazing to have a headline on the news that is not about Brexit. Landing a probe on Mars seems much more simple and straightforward. #mars #brexit #BrexitShambles
Everyone see’s Theresa May as a stupid, weak, treacherous fuckwit. President Trump is the latest person to ridicule her #MayMustGo
Or living under the unelected dictators in Brussels? You mugs still don't get why we voted for Brexit.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May needs to grow a pair, and if she can’t, then buy a pair. Maybe the job need a bloke to be in charge? #brexit #TheresaMay #shitdeal #Leave
That's why they're called ! When talks about "taking back control" she doesn't mean what #Brexit voters think she means.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! Add your name, protect our country:
May thinks in the next 2 weeks she can 'Sell' her Brexit means noBrext deal. How arrogant! EVERYONE who lives in vote leave area, with an MP throwing 2 fingers at them. NOW is the time to group and start the Pprocess of pushing them to resign. Don't wait for them to Vote - PUSH
Surely anti-migrant sentiment is at the centre of the Brexit project, which you have supported for two and a half years. Do you not think That the British public see through your shallow political opportunism?
You’re in cloud cuckoo land. Brexit is a fascist coup. Why are you supporting the fascists? We demand a #PeoplesVote with #RemainOption. You should be supporting that. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVoteNow
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May says not to play party politics. Then wants to engage in exactly that. The strategy is truly mind boggling in it's devotion to #brussels #brexit
‘Facts’.....sadly missing from most brexit conversations
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat -
It's a pity when MPs are innumerate. What the report said was that GDP would be 3.9% lower by 2030, *compared to staying in the EU*. In other words it would not in fact shrink. l'm a remainer but please be truthful or at least read before you paraphrase it in such ludicrous terms
2/Is a referendum result valid when one side broke the law? Are you looking forward to the country losing £100 bn/year? Are you part of the ERG-type elite who will benefit from Brexit?
When even Donald Trump thinks its #bad everyone should realise ‘non-deal’ is the worst of all worlds, &amp; makes it unlikely UK will ever be free if #EU interference. No one is fooled, this is not #brexit in any shape or form. #betrayal #treason #political #corruption
Well this was inevitably on its way. #BrexitChaos
Whiskey is not whisky. Seriously, I am not basing my Brexit only on unique, iconic British products. But it does help. We also are big in chemicals and more. All countries can go for import substitution.
I detest Corbyn but would rather put up with him as pm for a duration than vote Tory again unless Brexit is delivered and Theresa dismay is ousted
Time to write to your MP, the PM, the minister in charge of the thing you love or the thing you do. Be heard. There is no time other time. Do. Something. Now.
The Donald piling on the pressure.
1/ Not with migration-obsessed TM in No. 10, no. But even now, immigration/FoM is still a Black Box — it's okay for politicians to *mention* it, but not *talk about* it in any detail. A botched Brexit will exact a far greater price IMO.
It’s mind boggling to watch Brexit supporters now deny responsibility for what they voted for because they didn’t know what the government would negotiate... despite claiming at the time, and ever since, that they knew exactly what they were voting for in 2016.
He really said it.
Because understanding that everyone can have their own opinion means one does not "believe in the notion of national sovereignty". Le Sigh.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Now that everyone understands the reality of Brexit - most sensible thing: revoke Article 50. Best thing, revoke, avoid wasted years. Simple. No-one can say why Brexit would actually be a good idea, can they? Raab, Davis, Johnson - they can't even say. #RevokeArticle50Now
How crack? #PeoplesVote #NotBuyingIt
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
nigel stick to the day job stop trying to oust the leader
Even Donald Trump hates this deal. Do we really want to lose all our trade outside the EU (which is more than our trade within it)?
Toyota may withdraw investments in expansion into the UK due to the Brexit deal. Instability in the country and with the economy at the moment leaves Toyota questioning whether business in this country is worth extra investment in at the moment. #Fin2209
Not usually prone to circulating formula actions like this, but I'll make an exception in this case... 'May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!'
Have Voted For Brexit &amp; Bought In A New Favour Too Celebrate Brexit... Brussels Sprouts #SproutLover #SpotTheDifference
#Brexit has gone too far now over the years mostly British have been and gone... firstly The Governor, Rick Grimes, Jadis, Jesus, Maggie? #TWD #KeyActors
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
can't let brexit get in the way of anything these days
Is that right? Like "back of the queue" right?
Bloody Brexit.
Only £100 billion?
I’m not a fan of Theresa May but this is totally Bollocks
What's idiotic about borders? Who's telling you no one can work and live abroad after brexit? Borders exist all over the world &amp; heaven if you choose to believe in it. It doesn't stop the right people moving. Seems you can't grasp that.
Trump sticks the boot in. His election was good reason to stop brexit.
3/ Are you looking forward to 20 years of ongoing negotiations as this is a WA not a trade deal? Can you find me 1 socioeconomic benefit of Brexit when not 1 MP could find anything positive to say to TM the PM today about her deal?
Mrs May’s Commons Stand on Brexit might in the end be the answer to us remaining in Europe People watching must now realise no one has the slightest clue as to our future should we leave must win in the end
'the sad truth is that the UK is no longer welcome' via
Let’s consider the various ways in which this is completely bonkers. The deal is not just the government’s flagship policy it’s one of the two most important political events in a generation.
May defends #Brexit deal to sceptical MPs
The ONLY winners of the current Brexit/Trump situation are Russia, from the fracturing of reliable allies and the inevitable strengthening of the Russian economy and political aspirations of President Putin.
Brexit always makes me so happy.
There’s no time for no Brexit. The hard Leavers are laughing more and more everyday.
A US President standing up for the UK when the British Prime Minister will not.
Stopped insulting LEAVE voters tonight then... Meanwhile...
What you should know about the Brexit deal if you're British in Germany
It’s not even people who want to get rich v people who care about society as Brexit is so economically illiterate.
Way cookie crumbles but a return to "the way we were" might just be the best escape route from Brexit which, after all, has been a huge wake-up call for Brussels . With a bit of luck, UK can shake off threats of US chlorinated chicken &amp; hormoned beef. What a relief!
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and Brexit #news #dailynews #breakingnews
Figures show rise in EU nationals exiting public sector after Brexit vote
The ONLY reason I would be happy about #Brexit would be to tell #Artical13 to get fucked
EUROZONE WARNING: Brexit would be NOTHING compared to devastating Italy financial CRISIS
Do you agree with President Trump? Read now:
A good read. Worth considering Russia’s advantage in a Trump US and a Brexit Britain.
Can think of only a handful of times Trump has changed his instinctive view on a given topic. Has now twice publicly criticised May’s Brexit deal when prompted (Sun interview and today). Wouldn’t hold out much hope he’ll suddenly change heart.
Personally if I were Labour I wouldn't let Corbyn within a country mile of a debate on Brexit. May has a shit position but a position nonetheless. He has flipped and flopped endlessly. Send #brexit #BrexitDebate
Brexit brick artwork.
The fact is that Brexit is a vanity project. There is no stampede to support the PM because the majority of right minded people know the EU Ref was flawed &amp; there was never a true mandate to Leave.
Absolutely pointless
Donald Trump warns Theresa May's Brexit deal could stop US-UK trade
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May Ian Duncan Smith lied about his education vote of no confidence as leader of conservative dup leader cant negotiate joint rule in Ireland with 1 party why! she does not think they should exist both very bitter and will split the country
No #Brexit, we don't need it because we already have the best deal with EU. Need the first legal referendum so voters can make it clear they want to #Remain. #PeoplesVote
which is why this deal must be scrapped . I hope this gets voted out on 11th December!
hmm, surely #Trump has been warning #may for some many months the cost to UK of not doing a proper brexit to escape the tentacles of the EU?? #FakeNews?
This guy was chattering away through PM's debate. So, what does he know? I know he's impolite! :-)
This whole thread, like many others, shows the division which has always existed. there are those who have and feel they are paying for others, and those who have not who jealously feel they are entitled to have everything, Most of the comments have nothing to do with Brexit.
Let’s all just act as if Article 50 was never triggered and we’re all fiercely pro-EU. In fact, what’s a Brexit?
Clive Lewis Verified account 2h2 hours ago More UK economy would be 4% smaller after 10 years under May's Brexit plan,says new research&gt;I think this a v important piece of work that all MPs should consider.But given how previous...
No doubt there will be bribery and corruption involved over the next two weeks. She will try anything!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes she is. She has said she is on several occasions. She is delivering on the task put in front of her, with mechanical precision and total tenacity, regardless of her own desires or beliefs. She is “doing brexit” rather than leading the country to the best outcome.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Has Boris ever done anything that is in the National interest and not Boris’s interest? He was once torn between backing leave or remain? He chose leave for political reasons, &amp; lied for votes, why should we believe a word the self centred buffoon spews out on Brexit?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
312- is it Brexit?
You on a #PutinPromise Alexander?
#CambrianMountains living Mercy #BRexit #UK
You reap what you sow......
Actually I want to correct my earlier tweet Norway plus custom union is an effort to save the whole political class who realise they won't deliver Brexit but need to be seen to deliver something. No one will be fooled, they basically hold democracy in contempt.
Thanks Idea &amp; Lyrics: Joel Baccas Artwork &amp; Props: Chris Maris &amp; James Douglas-Brown Additional Artwork: Robin Kaiser Audio: Mike Buchanan Song: Brexit Breakers Post Production: Tim Sassoon, Chris Maris &amp; Scott Pelzel Animated &amp; Directed by Cadi Catlow Produced by Richie Holland
Would Donald Trump agree to this deal, I think not.
There is a lively debate going on in the comments - interesting as always. Without having examined this closely, I would find it unhelpful if unilateral bona fides revocability of the #Art50 notice was no option. But that is an argument of policy and there is a price to pay.
Another rude bloke Fionna - tired of them to be honest - arrogant and rude (watch out for the contrasting sycophancy, however).... They don't even know they're doing it. Brexit has wearied me in more ways than one...
Nope. It will NOT wash. They’re already whinging. Brexit is theirs in whatever guise it comes under. They won, leave means leave, we lost, OWN IT! It’s not mine i didn’t vote for racist insular, backward thinking uk. So I’m not taking responsibility for the blinkered few! #OwnIt
The attractions of a WTO #Brexit
If brexit was football, it would be the Boca v River Plate finals. Broken bus, postponed twice, people each side let down and still nobody knows the score. #brexit #football
Oh dear. I'll keep pumping out the hashtag #PeoplesVote , but I do wonder sometimes if there is any point.
Like him or loathe him Trump says it like it is
I am not a labour supporter but I’m truly saddened that they do not have a stronger leader with a unifying voice to truly land some blows against this Brexit deal. It’s always about personal agendas and trying to win points rather than looking after this great nation #BrexitDeal
Well-meaning bungler May must go...NOW
Do you agree with President Trump? Read now:
This a million times over! #Brexit #PeoplesVote
#PeoplesVote A GE is fantasy. With fixed term parl, Tories would need to support it and won't. Even if May goes, there is no requrement to hold a GE. If there was a GE it wont change much due to economc hit from Brexit. GE wont change Brexit as the WA is done; EU has had enough
So the First Vote Counts for nothing,for Brexit,That People Voted for,Mays Mission is to Keep us in the Eu at any Cost,no hard borders,Eu rule of UK,taking the Sovereignty out of UK,Eu Countries,Total Rule,People votes Count for Nothing,a Scam for Power.Gravy train Peers of Eu.
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
What truth? The older generation is fool of racists and xenophobes who caused Brexit so give me the younger generations every fucking day of the week.
This is the problem with and his crowd! Remainers had their rally and nobody went and disrupted it or caused bother so it went off no problem! When we want a rally he stirs up the idiots and descends on the rally, bother ensues and we are all labelled far right thugs!
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
The EU and Brexit are too complicated issues for Trump to understand. He may listened some comments at and drew his “conclusion”.
They should just cancel Brexit all together
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
He has to stick his beak in everything. Some of us have no wish for deals with the US.
Corbyn has always hated Europe. It is Euroean money that has helped regenerate our working class areas. The Tories hate us and Labour take us for granted. The Freedom of Movement allowed our workers to earn a living working in Europe in the 80's. Corbyn actively wants Brexit.
Shut up about #brexit for one second and start worrying about war in Europe #russia #ukraine #RussiainvadedUkraine #SeaofAzov
love the new brexit 50p coin
When a MP representing their constituency who voted to #Leave votes Yes to #TraitorMay deal then that MP should be deseletced and thrown out of the party. GET IT INTO YOUR STUPID HEADS - YOU ARE MEANT TO REPRESENT YOUR CONSTITUENTS VIEWS END OF ! #Brexit
UK PM May's spokesman: Declaration signed with EU is very clear that UK can sign trade deal with US #UnitedKingdom #Brexit #Politics
Blow for Theresa May as wavering Labour MP confirms she will vote against Brexit deal
Whenever I hear "Get on with it" I always think of Monty Python and the Holy Grail
#TheresaMay wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! Pls sign
But are you abstaining? or voting against? you are not being clear.
#brexit seems to be going to plan then...
May is mauled in Parliament as she fights to save her Brexit deal: The Prime Minister made her… #Brexit #Politics
May apologises for saying EU nationals won't be able to 'jump queue': Theresa May faced a… #Brexit #Politics
That brilliant new post #Brexit trade deal with the US is looking good ...
This is the sort of bile and vile xenophobia that Brexit has unleashed I’m afraid. I hate what the UK has become / been turned in to
Scumbag May &amp; $trillion investment manager husband never wanted Brexit. She fucked the UK ensuring Brexit never happens. We’re now Europeans slaves.
No this is called democracy for the British people!!!!
ABN Amro seeks UK licences to ward off #Brexit threat, from in -
He’s right about this.
British Parliament vote on Brexit deal will be held on Dec 11, British Prime Minister Theresa May confirmed.
- have you read this yet?
I've completely lost track of what "in the national interest" even means anymore. Would love to know the #Maybot definition #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Impossible? I think so Mrs May !
Drop a Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
#Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
EU court dismisses case against starting #Brexit talks
Finish Him !
Again wishful thinking when its clear the Tories created Brexit the Tories own Brexit they have the numbers a fact you seem to ignore &amp; they are drunk at the wheel. Getting them out should be your &amp; everyone elses priority
#DonaldTrump warns Theresa May's #Brexit deal could stop US-UK trade
As I reported last week the effect of two years of zero engagement/reaching out in the Brexit process was not going to be undone in two weeks by No10. There’s a lot at stake for Labour MPs who support this deal &amp; the govt has made it pretty much impossible for them to justify it.
#DonaldTrump warns Theresa May's #Brexit deal could stop US-UK trade
...even Donald Trump hates it
Because we all know China and the US and Brazil don't do any bullying of smaller, weaker nations. They're the bastion of open, democratic, cooperative trade.
I don't doubt that that almost everyone who is xenophobic or outright racist would have voted for Brexit. I don't think they make up the majority of the 52% who voted for Brexit. Disliking the institution of the EU has nothing to do with disliking Europeans.
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
oh also i wanna go to england to meet althea but BREXIT
Just imagine how different the Brexit deal could’ve been if had been negotiating it. The UK needs a leader who will put their country first. Sadly, that leader is not and this deal shows it.
Absolutely excellent reply. As you'd expect from Mike Harding!
Of course, the US might have its own troubles striking a deal with the UK by February 2019.
No, I have always stated I'm for Brexit and against a second referendum. If no deal can be made then we renegotiate or walk away. If by some injustice there is a second referendum, it will forever split the country. It's a shame remain couldn't get behind this country.
Arch remainder leads BREXIT. How could that not work?
No they are not. SNP are our government. We don't agree on things ? Be weird if we all agreed. Difference is we want to go if alone. No mention in the Brexit negotiations nothing are you okay wae that ? Aye cause you don't have a vote.
WHAT a joke that is.....May is the problem with that disgusting “deal” she cooked up! NO ONE IN THEIR RIGHT MIND EOULD AGREE TO THAT... dreadful female SOLD US OFF!!
There is a bigger game going on. MPs have had the opportunity to revoke Article 50 for months. Brexit is now a red herring.
yo how much longer till we can kick may out and put boris in charge xxxD
Voters in most vulnerable Tory seats back fresh Brexit referendum, major study finds
#ImplantFiles REGULATORY CAPTURE #PIPcrimes 50,000 WOMEN +babies exposed to #PIPimplants are suffering daily as a result of a policy of DENIAL +INACTION by UK's regulatory authority. Never mind BREXIT the must go
Quite right, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Gibraltar have been lumbered with something they did not vote for. Brexit was voted for only by Wales and England. This was not a General Election vote. Keep up the fight the countries who voted to remain it is your future.
Time to write to your MP, the PM, the minister in charge of the thing you love or the thing you do. Be heard. There is no other time. Do. Something. Now.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
I'm so proud to be a Cypriot right now! We might be a small island but it's not the first time that we'll be a Samson to a Goliath against the UK. We also have a reason to be angry about Brexit when our island's safety is concerned.
Do you agree with President Trump? Read now:
Only time it was mentioned was when it was said brexit didn't mean leaving the SM or CU. Even Farage said that.
It will be like a Ronnie Barker sketch with her answers being given out of turn.
Are there many genuine journalists who are pro -Brexit though? Because nobody wants to be friends with an opinion piece shithead.
Backstabbing bastards. They couldn't do better.
Donald Trump Rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit Agreement: 'Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU'
With everything going on with Brexit, please don’t let environmental standards drop. I’ve emailed my MP to back an ambitious #EnvironmentBill - will you deliver one?
Is John McEnroe getting involved in brexit now?
First they Brexit us, then they take away our silent discos...
Has Oprah weighed in on Brexit yet?
Theresa May's Brexit Deal 'Will Cost UK The Equivalent Of Losing Wales Or The City'
Let's just have a vote, stop brexit, and get on with our lives.
Strange choice, how about we...
This must be watched to the end. Would help if I understood the words, but not much!
One additional comment here #Brexit has lasted this long because of the illusion that the vote had some kind of coherent mandate Tory/Labour Leadership &amp; the BBC have colluded in that illusion, never allowing bright sunlight to be shone on that flimsy premise Appalling failure
Theresa May is a spanner. An elitist Brexit spanner that has been thrown into Brexit by the monied elites to delay it as long as possible.
I'm poor n i voted for brexit n i'm not one of the british elite as u put it!! I believed that i did the right thing n i still do!!! But as i've said so many times b4 i wud rather us make our own laws n control our borders n trade deals with the rest of the world.
So well put. Indeed, there are some (deludes, or 'idiots', as I prefer to call them) who still think leaving the EU will be the solution to all our problems. Au contraire. Leaving will only be the start of many, many more problems and further chaos.
Not everybody is excited about #MarsLanding #NASAInSight #Brexit #brexitdeal
Afraid France + Spain just gave the game away James. No voting for serfdom
No, just a man making his stand. Steve Bray, a 48-year-old rare coins dealer from Port Talbot, in South Wales, says he spends every day, from 11am to 6pm, protesting against Brexit opposite the Houses of Parliament.
Weird, there seems to have been a sea change. Right wing Americans were all for Brexit until recently, telling us how bad those nasty Europeans are.
There will come a time when the CBI crave the longing of a free trade area like the UK post Brexit. Was this not the same org that said the sky will fall in after the Brexit vote???
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit is hard, which is why the exit must be harder. It's why you must be hard, shoot from the hip right in those Europeans faces.
Just one more week until #ISITCWinterForum! Register today to hear from on #Brexit, a panel on SSI automation, &amp; on #ISO20022 migration:
Incredible... just incredible. Couldn't make it up if you tried.
Trump knows.
Whoop pissing whoop
NOTED: 'Key points of the Brexit deal (if it ever comes into effect)- Here is a look at some of the key points of the deal that was agreed between London and Brussels'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Channel 4 and itv both lead on brexit ... it affects all of us and the story has changed ... I know it’s not your fault but the 6 o clock news was a sham you seem to be doing you can as an organisation to not inform or upset the pm ....
Is it still too early to reveal our hand, and do we still hold all the cards? Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
This is why everybody needs to write to their MPs. To counteract the letters of those who still believe in unicorns and those who, sadly, have given up.
Nope, kicking the can down the road is never a good idea . Just gives our enemies longer to stitch us up, we'd never leave....
Bugger all if Brexit happens
And unlike some commentators, Trump never ever just tweets things to get attention
Who is Nick Boles and what is his back-up plan for Brexit? | The Week UK
Proof positive of her insanity and self delusion
What's the point, they both want #brexit
Not quite – Lord Kerr actually said the opposite ( – but it's still uncertain. That said, we should know for certain after the ECJ rules (which hopefully will be by Christmas), so it's all still to play for!
May’s Brexit deal quietly gambles with our rights at work | Jason Moyer-Lee
Hi. Brexit is charged at £10k each for the coming decade. How would you like to pay?
Downing Street now in a lose-lose-lose situation: Option 1: Tell Donald Trump he is wrong, doesn’t understand Brexit deal. Offend US President. Option 2: Admit he has a point, undermine efforts to win over Brexiteers. Option 3: Try not to be drawn and appear *impossibly* weak.
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds
79% of legal firms still have no Brexit plan in place An "alarming" 79% of all legal firms here have no Brexit plan in place, according to a new report by professional services...
Vague Brexit future plan means worse deal on all fronts
Our president is and always has been a fucking idiot.
We've found out that - in current values - Brexit will cost the Economy (NOT the Government) £1.2 trillion ($1.54 trillion) by 2030
It never was a "Hard" brexit. We voted to leave. THEN negotiate deals. It would have been a short term hit with long term gains but a politicians lifespan doesn't allow for that much forward thinking. No one ever mentions how much this would impact the EU economy at the same time
Jacob is a great and honourable man who is standing up for the people and democracy itself. A proper Brexit must be delivered for trust in politics to be upheld.
The debate should not be used as opportunity to engineer an election. Brexit 's importance supercedes this
From today: EU academics in UK quizzed about ‘moving home’ after Brexit
Everyone that gets serious about Brexit has them teeth
Hang on Raab C Brexit, didn’t you walk away from exactly the job it was to mould and shape this deal?
Well done and thank you to Andrew Lewes.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' but warns it will harm UK-US trade' - great news who wants trumps america first deal anyway
Can both sides unite in saying this is a shoddy deal that a 12 year-old would be embarrassed to turn in for homework? Stop Brexit now, come up with a plan that won't suck, then do it. They've done nothing for 2 years &amp; now it's approaching deadline they're panicking.
will speak at The #Brexit Betrayal March on 9th December. Whitehall London The leader of the 100% Brexit Party will tell you how we should be leaving, not how coward is asking Along with #TommyRobinson we'll get a great day for sure.
There is no Labour deal. The options are remain, this deal (just a withdrawal agreement btw) or no deal.
The UK has the weakest real wage growth of the G20 nations. Real wages were finally beginning to recover until the #Brexit crash in the Pound &amp; the Brexit economic slowdown. Brexit is hurting the British people. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
I think we will all be amazed at how quickly “no deal” deals are struck to keep the wheels turning. Aviation sorted already apparently. The EU cannot afford a chaotic Brexit. #WTOExit
If May loses the vote by 150 she will find a reason to cling on to Downing Street. It's like a captain who having hit one iceberg decides to stay in command to ensure that the sinking ship hits a few more
In your tea time?
Only people to blame for brexit is the politicians,no one else , the English hate the EU and the reason is because of the way politicians have hood winked us in to legislation we didn't vote for. So like everything else is the politicians at fault for brexit.
MPs are proving treacherous on Brexit- so don't put it past them to vote it through.
Any No Deal Brexit supporter looking to throw in their lot with Trump should bear in mind how he demands absolute obedience and cruelly discards his most loyal allies on a whim. Ultimately it’s Trump first and everyone else second. Sadly the UK can’t rely on this President
That's it... That's it. After the clip he gets up, queue the music and all the EU migrants burst through parliament fame-style dancing and singing "Oh now go... Get it the door... Just turn around now... Your brexit is not welcomed anymore..."
Irish Independent: Varadkar calls on Irish people to swear allegiance to Queen of England.
From the article "There will be less money: the FT reports a $1 trillion outflow of equity already since the referendum (Jacob Rees-Mogg’s among it)." I don't feel sorry for May, she chose to play a bad hand and then played it really poorly.
The “everything trump touches dies” rule still holds fast...
That will depend on whether facilitating Macron’s vision of a European army is part of their anti-imperialism. But either way, maybe better not to parse every tweet about Brexit for gotcha moments that aren’t there.
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade Quite
Another referendum would b disastrous.The British people have already voted in a referendum 2 leave the EU.All u #PeoplesVote people whinge on about how chaotic #Brexit is but if we had a PeoplesVote there would b absolute mayhem &amp; riots in Britain.I will not allow that 2 happen.
Trump wades in to stir things up
No. They would rebel more, like the ERG have constantly have done, instead of saying "Jeremy Corbyn's Brexit position is bad" and then voting for it in the Commons.
No matter what you think of Mrs May, she has managed to unite the country in that nobody is happy with her Brexit deal. I personally think that it's not actually Brexit, but indeed Mayexit!
Of course he did, i do wonder who he "really" works for.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
MP attacks Brexit deal. “This is a fatally divided government and I do not think the British people can be expected to trust it.”
The Evening Standard - led by Remaniac George 'Fortune teller" Osborne.
why are they voting on brexit in december why are they trying to RUIN the Greatest Month of the Year
Always worth a listen is Dominic...
I hope BREXIT destroys May. Rip A50 in half &amp; make her eat it.
Brutal, yet (unlike literally everything else Trump says) total bollocks.
The latest The Ms M Daily! #wethepeople #brexit
#PUELIN and #BREXIT I am a strong believer in both. Puel in for the good of our club, Brexit for the good of our country. Two things I think are worth believing in. LCFC
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
how’s that “trading with the rest of the world” working out for you?
She's done her job, she's got a deal but it will be thrown out, she will resign and Brexit will be delayed as there is no consensus for no deal anywhere. Only sensible option is new ref on May's deal or no deal (but no option to remain)
Absolutely not ... is what a common sense and truly democratic reply would be ... however politicians r more interested in gainjng n retaining power thru use of twsited n archaic rules than actual democracy .. a fact that we must all face up to
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Stuff Parliament; the Withdrawal Act is law so it doesn’t really matter what Parliament thinks. The majority of them don’t give a toss about honouring the referendum result so I’m in the same place about them. Bring on No Deal...... #Brexit
He’s right.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' | President Trump has cast doubt on whether the UK will be able to make a trade deal with the US. |
BOOM
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' | President Trump has cast doubt on whether the UK will be able to make a trade deal with the US. |
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' | President Trump has cast doubt on whether the UK will be able to make a trade deal with the US. |
Some people suddenly saying "This Brexit thing isn't very good is it?" AAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrgggghhhhhh! Where the fuck have you been the last two and a half years?
TRUMP IS DEAD #TrumpIsADisgrace #fucktrump #music #video #RESIST #TrumpIsAMoron #musicvideo #BrexitShambles #TrumpCrimeFamily #BrexitBetrayal #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #brexit #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw #rebelscum #TrumpRussia #Trump
I hope all Labour MPs will be voting against this disastrous attempt at a Brexit deal by the hopeless Just remember your views will be aired and you will be held to account after. #GTTO
Trump: UK May Not Be Able To Trade With US Under Theresa May's Brexit Deal- Via - #NeonNettle
The truth always finds a way!
And a lot of us working class people do vote tory but won't be if this fiasco goes through, she can kiss the tory ass goodbye.We are sick to the teeth of our benefits system being given away whilst a lot of people in need here go without.
You are so thick. If you'd red beyond the second line, you'd have seen that it is not 3.9% annually.
They’re all as bad as each other but I think we should have another general election soon because she and the Tory party don’t know what they’re doing regarding Brexit.
Trump makes a rare and surprising foray into the world of details. #brexit
Brexit conspiracy? IT'S TREASON!
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
So Labour's position on Brexit is...oh yes, they still want Brexit, but imagine they'll renegotiate the deal once they've won the election that isn't going to happen. So where's the #Brexit opposition again?
Reality Check: Theresa May's Brexit letter
Shame we didn’t have Trump to negotiate with the EU. BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for #EU but not UK-US trade
no contest. No, literally no contest, they are both on the same side I understand that Corbyn may be waiting for the HOC to vote down the deal, but he could make some encouraging noises instead of trashing the idea of a people's vote
This
The only person allowing Brexit to happen is Corbyn. #FBPE
This Brexit deal that’s been negotiated...just remind me what it is again because the US President seems to think different to what I’ve been told...#brexit
Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
I found this really funny. That episode of peep show is one of the best and also a good prediction of Theresa mays Brexit proposal.
Seems to me that a bare 51%+ majority for #Brexit was never enough for something this important to the nation - it should have been 60% or two-thirds, and would not have passed.
New post (PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace) has been published on Parsian English News -
Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
HAMPER = Dificultar / entorpecer To download the Investing App
It doesn’t do any of that don’t expect to win at the next election
“One problem with referendums is that they reduce highly complicated matters to a simple yes or no. The most consequential example of our time is, of course, Brexit.”
Oh my god I'm gonna do this for "what about Brexit?"
Amber Rudd and Michael Gove plus Labour rebels are planning for UK to join the European Free Trade Area if MPs reject PM's Brexit deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This is going well
When the President of the USA is more honest than your own PM
its the other side unfortunately for the Eu peter. he will join up with #Brexit voters and threaten junker like he did a few months ago. do it or else. France and Germany dont want another beating, because they will get one if they keep talking shit.
well shagging Amber Rudd's obviously had an effect,seriously tho,losing fundimental rights,freedoms and choice is good,is borne of pure xenophobia and racism,a true Tory trait,he's on type
You mean any more time thinking about Brexit because a large number were too stupid to realise the implications and are embarrassed they were as stupid as they now realise they were. Luckily, for the really stupid ones, they still think its great!
Traitor may is dead in the water, no point in throwing a life jacket!!!!
Trying to destroy Western democracy? Says someone on the same side as the people doing exactly that? Trump. Putin. Brexit. Koch. Heritage Foundation. IEA. Rees-Mogg. Farage. Banks. 55 Tufton Street. Assange. And you.
You fucking moron
May: Hey Big D, can you come out in support of me and my deal? Trump: Sure, babe, I'll get right on it! #Brexit
I don’t really care about the rebate since the key lie is that Brexit would free up cash to spend elsewhere. Since it cannot, the discussion on rebates or the NHS are totally moot.
Wrong. Being within the EU-market for the transition period GB can trade with every EU trade partner. US included.
I don’t like the man but he’s got a point! Absolutely hilarious...I *almost* feel sorry for her. #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Read this
Brilliantly said !
'Trump has always believed in #Brexit' and has rat hairs in his lasagne to prove it.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May regrets comments on EU nationals i see Nigel Farage best mate trump denies Russian involvement in American presidential election now interfering in British politics sad
He just wants our NHS ffs
You are bloody brilliant Steve . Making me laugh out loud on Berlin underground...
Got my kids those new #Brexit advent calendars. Cost twenty times as much as normal ones, the promised chocolate is actually dried manure, and most of the doors are now sealed shut
Brexit "deal" is OFF, that crap was NEVER on...#NODEALS
Did you vote for Brexit, Lee?
Like with many things, despite being anti of a buffoon, he’s absolutely right
Honestly. David Cameron has a lot to answer for making it a simple in or out vote without ever addressing the fact that it was never that bloody simple and they never had any kind of contingency plan for losing. What a waste.
Hi. Brexit is charged at £10k each for the coming decade. How would you like to pay?
Cherry picking too, which as we know thats an EU no go unless they want out fish, Gibraltar, money, NI.... The list of 'cherries' goes on.
NO BREXIT WITHOUT 'IRISH BACKSTOP,' SAYS APPEASER THERESA The Prime Minister has repeatedly slapped down calls to improve her Brexit deal and remove the "Irish backstop," claiming without the unpopular measure "there is no deal". | London / Europe ...
And I just listened to
Last orders please
Right wing think tanks and lobbyists plow untold millions into governmental organisations to better extract a larger slice of the pie through anti-democratic rigging of the system. The evidence for this interference in Brexit is overwhelming.
Why can't 's editors admit that there is increasing pressure for a #PeoplesVote and to scrap Brexit? A great many of "the people" now realise they were lied to...
Trump's followers believe in Brexit as well. It amazes me that something the public voted for in such huge numbers is still being debated. Of course, we deal with that daily here from the radical left never-Trumpers. #Brexit
Oh Dear, Trump has just Trashed May`s Brexit deal
Yes, I fail to see evidence of Corbyn's leadership on this issue. This is easy to see when comparing his approach to social issues (inequality/housing/austerity, etc), and his approach to Brexit. What he says publicly, how he says it, how often he talks about it, etc.
Remember Barak Obama being slated as Project Fear for saying Brexit would harm US/UK trade?
On anything but Brexit, yes On Brexit it has to include someone like or
Theresa May's Brexit deal could leave UK £100bn poorer in first decade outside EU
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
He's a cock and wouldn't stand a chance
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 -
I hope Brexit is cancelled but only after all the rich Brexiteer pricks have paid a bunch for EU membership for themselves.
May admits her ‘queue jumping’ jibe about EU nationals was a bit ukip
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Brexit news latest: MPs to vote on Theresa May's deal on December 11 after five days of debate
Want to stop #Brexit ? Tell your MP to vote for Article 50 notification to be revoked
There a fair few busloads of £350 million in £100bn.....
Brilliant. Which is why should be on any live debate about Brexit option. Not having her on would be a dereliction of duty
Well, it was all about creating chaos from the very beginning ... Here we go:
Wonder what are SLY news in line for , because their anti brexit ,ass kissing pro EU biased propaganda has been relentless for 2yrs+ , Is Ryley after a knighthood ?
“The 'deal' means we achieve none of the potential freedoms of Brexit but take all the EU's rules and restrictions without a seat at the table,” he wrote, suggesting it was a betrayal of those who voted to leave and a threat to democracy.
Whatever the deal or no deal, no way Trump would give us a better trade deal than we’ve already got. #Brexit
US President Donald Trump has said the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement between the UK and EU may make trade between Washington and London more difficult
Unbelievable so much for free speech.
FFS Dishrag, fuck off with your appalling proposal. The whole point if Brexit was an FTA with the United States, and here's the President telling you your deal will prevent that.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Donald Trump says #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' ... casts doubt on whether the UK will be able to make a trade arrangement the US
Seriously, what did you expect? Brexit left the UK with a dire negotiating position and inevitably we got shafted. This is your work. Own it.
Sad news. I was hoping we could get unrestricted access to e-coli tainted Romaine lettuce.
I will have to tweet something along the same lines.
I can actually believe Liam Fox coming out with this nonsense and convincing himself it`s a fact
Whose doors is the PM knocking on?? Try knocking on doors round here where i live. The country is divided, Mrs May had her chance to unite the country but instead chose to further divide with her xenophobic Brexit. Her deal is dead.#PeoplesVote
Brexit football this. #BURNEW
The latest The Finns Daily! Thanks to #brexit #job
Barnier tells MPs who want to block Brexit deal to 'take responsibility'
Sorry that’s not a good day for me, can we reschedule??
Government is far too important to be left to politicians. The present crop prove this more strongly than others.
Poncey, privileged, academic Socialists telling the ordinary people, we don’t want you to have an informed people’s vote. WE rescue YOU, remember. WE know what’s good for YOU. And even if we have to lie to you and silence you, you’ll get it, and like it.
Entirely reasonable to want representation for the views of the many, quite possibly the majority, who see brexit - in any form - as a disaster for everyone in this country and wish to #Remain in the EU #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote to #GetTheToriesOut
The Brexit betrayal. via
Only the third person to somehow try make this tweet about Brexit. Congratulations.
They need to chuck the woman out. What the hell is she still doing there?
Donald Trump SLAMS Brexit deal in SAVAGE blow to Theresa May! via
BREXIT CRISIS: Labour's Kate Hoey fears huge 'Brexit CONSPIRACY is TRUE'//This is a conspiracy to keep Britain in the EU for good with no chance of ever leaving in complete control of EU + Belgium!
You can’t blame the BBC, they’re just reporting what political leaders are saying. Whether you like it or not, most people are sick to the back teeth hearing about Brexit.
Brexit minimart opened on Peckham High Street selling 'Conmans Mustard' and 'Save our Bacon'
Last orders please #Brexit
remember the last time a US President tried to help on the Brexit discussion and then got slated by the UKs 'Free' billionaire controlled press - looking forward to tomorrows headlines when the rip Trump a new one
In Oct the BBC reported - “International Trade Secretary Liam Fox has told the BBC he believes US President Donald Trump is "very keen" to do a trade deal. In Nov the BBC reports. Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
No deal is better than deal Make your voices heard Please sign and retweet this petition #brexit #StandUp4Brexit
Brexit Britain
Brilliant read. Great journalism by Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
B*****s to Brexit! Good luck to Mr J. xx
Launching Britain onto world stage with Theresa May’s basket-case brexit deal. You’re not fooling anyone #PeoplesVoteNow #BrexitShambles
Government admits it could try to halt Brexit if MPs want to Don’t think about, just do it!
Trump is correct.
£100bn?? And the rest, that is just a fraction of the real cost ...
Obviously I want a Labour government, but I also believe Labour needs a different policy on Brexit. “We’ll negotiate a better deal in a matter of months” is just fantasy. If Brexit is cancelled/reversed I wouldn’t expect Leavers to just give up their position, but my hope &gt;
#Poll Do you want #UK to accept #MaysDeal ? #MaysDeal #NoDeal #NewDeal #NoBrexit #EuropeanUnion #Brexit #Remain
Brexit blamed as record number of EU nurses give up on Britain
I have tried so many time with Steve McCabe but I think he wants Brexit. He has ignored me on Twitter, didn’t turn up to an important Brexit vote and has sent me stupid will of the people type emails. I won’t vote for him again if he doesn’t sort himself out and nor will my fam.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
So it's clear. misled (and I'm being kind!) the British public AND she put it in writing in her #LetterToTheNation. She should resign.
Hungarian Prime Minister says it's “A real Black Sunday” after Brexit withdrawal agreement
Our European friends are ready to help put this rolling goatfuck behind us.
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? #IndyRef2 #DissolveTheUnion #ScotRef #AUOB #IndyRef #SaorAlbaGuBràth Please rewteet via
Though I recognise freedom of movement in its current form must end it is still a way down on my list of #Brexit priorities. I think EEA controls are adequate - but I also think we are better seeking a consensus approach within Efta and making a new proposal to the EU.
Who cares how he voted it’s the half truths and misleading comments and the cherry picking of stats that he spreads thats dangerous
DT David Drew MP: Understandably, I’m getting a lot of queries about my position in the #Brexit issue. On Friday put it right at top…
Hate democracy? Love complaining until you get your own way? Have we got a sweater for you! #brexit #remoaners #NPC
It will! UNLESS BREXIT TURNS THE UK INTO A WASTELAND. Ahem. I can’t speak to dates or anything, but when I have more info I will yell it out.
actually a hung parliament was within the normal limit of error of the polls according to expert pollsters....But is it really a Tory Brexit? Corbyn is a Brexiteer at heart....and many traditional labour voters voted leave.
Burnley fans proper Brexit gammons #nufc
#TheresaMay should go now.. Just Because #universalcredit #brexit #brexitshambles #nodealbrexit #cuts #satire 22
We're already heading for economic collapse (2nd housing crash); we're already seeing citizens rights withdrawn (Windrush et al); the NHS is already being privatised. I concede a No Deal Brexit will be worse on paper, but the difference wouldn't be noticeable to the majority. 1/
She hasn't got enough time to go round 17.5 million people.
"The 585-page agreement and its 26-page political annex are already regarded as redundant. The variables are dizzying, the stakes vertiginous. The worst news that May has ever had to confront is that the past two-and-a-half years were the easy bit."
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
I don't really disagree. I feel like I should since he's been such a bellend about #Brexit but the sad truth is there's a portion of our population that aren't served by Westminster, that's their choice to vote SF but maybe an accommodation could be reached to get them to sit.
What? You mean no Oxycontin prescriptions when popping into the local super mart? Crap.
Lexiters: Brexit will not solve austerity, no matter which party is in power. Brexit will exacerbate austerity. Brexit will ensure its continuation. Brexit lets in the far right. Brexit will make everyone poorer for the next 50+ years. Any Brexit will ensure sell off of free NHS.
Seen the word Brexit a few times now. What is it. Not seen it mentioned on the news or by any celebrities who know better than us common folk.
Please have the courage and put your letters in a stop this women before she stops you
Its all part of the plan! Parliament will vote it down they will then push to evoke article 50 if this happens we will never get the chance to leave this rotten corrupt club again
Brexit agreement reached by UK and EU – NFU response
If true, this is huge!
The majority of people in Gloucester must have realised that Brexit will be a disaster for the UK. May is concentrating on damage limitation when she should really be cancelling Brexit #brexit #Gloucester
When Theresa May threatens us with "No Brexit".
Theresa May begins campaign to sell Brexit deal via
As the country groans under the weight of misery the tory party have inflicted. As the tons of shit are being fed into the cannon aimed squarely at the fan. As the PM's leopardskin jackboot is preparing the final stomp. They're arguing the toss about who wants to go on telly.
This would show TM for who she truly is if she tried to do it. MPs must stand firm against this appalling self interested bully.
The UK has the weakest real wage growth of the G20 nations. Real wages were finally beginning to recover until the #Brexit crash in the Pound &amp; the Brexit economic slowdown. Brexit is hurting the British people. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Best team in Europe eh? sure the bollocks don't even want to be in Europe... #Brexit
British PM launches drive to win public approval for Brexit deal via #worldnews
Jokes aside, I am sure that money is much more needed elsewhere (NHS, etc) How much money is stupid Brexit costing us already?
It’s ironic that the only person with any balls in the Commons is T. May. Majority of her own party are bottle jobs and Corbyn has his balls attached to his forehead. Politicians are using #brexit to better their own careers instead of acting in the best interest of the nation!
I liked a video Nigel Farage: May's Brexit deal the worst deal in history
David Wiggins good thread here, notably the Telegraph poll from September 2016 which demonstrates my argument that there’s never been “One Brexit to rule them all” #fromFB
I recommend the following approach: "Vince who?"
‘Brexodus’ - Rise in number of EU nationals leaving the NHS since Brexit vote
So we end up with the dodgy right wing company that produces screening and fielding questions ahead of time that fits the pro-Brexit narrative of both people? What a load of bollocks. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
This really upsets me... you are the loathsome politician of all time Your #Conservatives party is dead in the water if this deal goes through for decades to come
Neither is anyway to stop #Brexit, We leave on 29/03/2019 if not in good order, then as the USA left Saigon.
The Truth About Brexit (2018) via
I know a board member of a very large UK sugar business. He is privately licking his lips at the thought of Brexit. Sugar is at the heart of EU statist policy, with quotas and the like. He can't wait to break free from it.
The nationalist right lied to the people to win a narrow, hollow referendum victory on the back of undeliverable promises. The poor will suffer most if we go ahead. So when will the left find their voice? We can stop Brexit, but only if you work with others and take a stand.
I take some comfort from the fact that such a talented food writer shares my views on Brexit and I feel your pain today.
JG Ballard...Brexit Re-Imagined as a Slow Motion Automotive Disaster; a series of crash images and disaster reports projected onto a million TV screens, repeated on endless newsreels. In the shadows, an open wound catches the studio lights.
We're fine now Trump has waded in with his Brexit made simple guide to trade...
In June 2016 Trump had no idea what Brexit was. The only thing he "has always believed in" is enriching himself and discriminating against ethnic minorities.
Labour Brexit for me. Corbyn for Christmas.
Goodbye on you. She going to lose her seat at the next GE. She is bloody awful haven't got any clue on BREXIT.
This has been inevitable since everyone suddenly decided they couldn't handle a little chlorine with their chicken.
Understandably, I’m getting a lot of queries about my position in the #Brexit issue. On Friday I put it right at top of my constituency round up, which you can find here:
It's less about the fear of being out or the type of exit / post exit deal that's the problem, it's the level of uncertainty. #beefarming like any #agricultural business plans on a yearly (seasonal) basis. How do you plan with so many unknowns? #agrichatuk
Trump: UK May Not Be Able To Trade With US Under Theresa May's Brexit Deal- Via - #NeonNettle
The Donald could well save Brexit from British #Quislings
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
There are strong rumours that the queen supports #Brexit. I don’t think he would want a knighthood from her.
*the Good Right intensifies*
They just make this shit up in 2018 to troll us don't They?! Unless we're talking Eugenics, she defintely dabbled in that before Annie Lennox joined.
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
Seriously, you need to have a critical think about the things you believe about the EU and it's relationship with Britain, and maybe go find some news sites that aren't the daily mail or dedicated to Brexit.
BREXIT: Am sick of it, whether it happens or not it will be shit either way - Left or Right. They’re all deceptive, incompetent &amp; self serving. None of them have any genuine interest- except self interest. #sickofit
support a #peoplesvote #EU #Remain #BrexitShambles
Labour does have that as an option, but the agreed policy is to first seek a General Election. Right now, co-operation without partisanship is needed to secure the first essential step - voting down this brexit deal.
THE ECONOMIC EFFECTS OF THE GOVERNMENT'S PROPOSED BREXIT DEAL #PeoplesVote #MondayMotivation
Brexit vote date on Theresa May's deal confirmed as Trump warns it favours EU | #brexit #peoplesvote
Amazing that it comes from a 2003 EU directive. How much we stand to lose due to #Brexit. How about getting to #StopBrexit and stop supporting extremists...
Afraid my reserves of empathy don't extend to Theresa May. If she was honest and said brexit in any form is going to do a huge amount of self inflicted damage to the UK then I might have some respect for her. She lost me at *bright future*.
“level playing field” and “non-regression” in terms of Brexit future arrangements are fine....but is it too much for the EU to sort out backsliding countries in respect of climate change in return? 12/
It was good of No10 to put on a Brexit proposals briefing for Labour MPs. I stayed late to go and listen. Sadly, it was a waste of time and only confirmed that I’m being asked to vote for a shopping list that is TBC and not a real trade deal. I’m voting against. #BrexitShambles
Same as he said pre UK trip and then towed back on...
Usual PROPAGANDA from Conservative Central Office. DEMOCRATIC when Scotland, Northern Ireland and Gibraltar voted to remain and Wales and England voted Brexit. WAS NOT A GENERAL ELECTION VOTE.
British parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 – May
This article by Martin Howe QC is a must read and addresses the untruths emanating from No. 10 Downing Street.
Corbyn slams May over Brexit for 'ploughing on' in 'act of national self-harm' Millionaires Corbyn and May can slam each other all they want. We meanwhile are demanding a WTO BREXIT.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I do so agree.
No second Brexit deal on offer, warns Coveney Tánaiste and Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney has said there is no second deal on offer if British politicians...
Well worth a read. No. 10 twisting and turning like a twisty turny thing as they try to misrepresent the long term damage and vassaldom they are intending to inflict on the UK.
Millennial 70s Labour verse dying maggie
If you're saying it's okay to lose by 100 then pretty well anything goes at that point
Final Say: Tony Blair claims Labour moving towards backing new Brexit referendum #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitShambles
David Lammy MP calls for Massive demo to OPPOSE Tommy Robinson Brexit March! via ://twitter.com/UnityNewsNet
Well the majority wanted Brexit. Followed by the infighting and unnecessary elections have left us in a weak negotiating position and now the nation doesn’t like what it’s got. Think PM is the last person we can blame maybe those who voted for it need to take responsibility
Brexit is a bourgeois fantasy that has been seeded by the Tory party and large media conglomerates (Like Murdoch’s) and the working class have been manipulated into believing it. Working class people will be hit hardest come March 2019.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May Sad the 1922 committee see the demise of Cameron thanks to bitter back benchers who dont care about the party or the country
#UK government although they say we are wealthy, 'WE' doesn't refer to 99% of the population they mean the select 1% The country is in decline and they can't blame #Brexit Its their ideological austerity, by keeping public poor gives them control
Never dreamt I'd be happy for to open his mouth. Granted he doesn't know war he's on about but at least can know we can't rely on the USA for trade w/ the #Brexit deal. Think gov should just accept we need #PeoplesVote!
#Trump on #Brexit agreement: ‘Sounds like a great deal for the EU’
Brexit : These islands of the UK have always relied upon control of the waters around our coast. We have seen what happens when others (EU) become involved hence the decline of the fishing industry. The UK must once again take control and dictate what happens therein.
Theresa May Shouldn’t Bank on a TARP Moment for Brexit - The New York Times
We can look forward to more of that if we follow your daft advice to carry on with Brexit.
MEGA TV Episode 1: Brexit negotiations: deal or no deal? via
Blair is divisive and I'm always wary of him but on Brexit he nails it. I have tried to love Jeremy (and still do) but the fact that he trails in the polls to this shocking PM is unavoidable.
WHO ARE THE TOMORROW PEOPLE? #SaturdayNight #happiness #love #experimental #MusicIsLife #musiclife #Resistance #music #video #musicvideo #Musiclover #England #optimistic #life #love #happiness #GTTO #Happiness #resist #GTTO #brexit #UK
'Trump has always believed in #Brexit' ... Trump has always believed in 'No Deal'.
The government's Brexit deal will be voted on by parliament very soon. It is a threat to our rights and prosperity, and we have only one chance to defeat it. I've signed this petition asking all MPs to vote against Theresa May's deal. Please sign too.
How did the story substantially change today? I have followed every twist of the Brexit story daily for years. I'm fascinated by it. But it shouldn't lead the news every day; only when it's the best story. And I'd argue today it wasn't
I appreciate your opinion, Patricia, but I am thinking about the longer term. I fear that a WTO Brexit will not end well. We have not prepared for the immense short-term pain that it will cause and the political ramifications that will follow.
Vote for this deal and we need never discuss Brexit again; vote it down and we will run out of water and die.
#Brexit No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat We've said from day1; A NO DEAL scares the EU witless. But feeble May only wants to protect her precious EU at any expense-even betrayal. FFS. SHE MUST TO GO!
33,568,184 voted in the referendum- 17,410,742 voted Brexit - 16,141,241 votes Remain. You seem very keen to say the result could not be interpreted as an endorsement for this deal. Tell us then precisely what deal was implied by that result? What is your plan?
So no TARP then?
Trump on Brexit: "Sounds like a great deal for the EU. "I think we have to take a look at, seriously, whether or not the UK is allowed to trade. "Because, you know, right now, if you look at the deal, they may not be able to trade with us. "I don't think they meant that."
"laying groundwork for an ambitious trade deal with US" US will suck you in &amp; spit you out in bits #UnprincipledNegotiators
Keep up love! Most Labour seats are for Brexit. Only reason Leave won was because of Labour seats.
Thank you for your tireless efforts every single day since the #Brexit referendum of June 23, 2016, to inform and unite the people of the UK and EU. #StrongerTogether Let's #StopBrexit and continue to demand a #PeoplesVote. Our future depends on it.
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected - May
Part of me wants the UK to have a 2nd Ref just so we can exacerbate our social divisions even more, promote violence, destroy our democratic institutions and then end up voting for a no deal Brexit anyway. And, like, we'd all be fucked but I'd just be over here like "told you so"
Absolutely, unequivocally should be included in a Leaders debate on Brexit. Should there not at least be one voice for Remain?
If the say that it must be true? Or then again maybe not #brexit #BrexitShambles?
You really are a dangerous person You’ve just completely changed the accusation from “funding Brexit” to “funding think tanks who had views on Brexit” bloody duplicitous behaviour frankly We are done
Here we go with the Corbynista sheeple apologists trying to rewrite history but it won't work, Magic Grandad is co-leader of the Tory-Labour Brexit coalition, and the electorate will punish him for it.
It is the duty of all MPs to make sure it Is rejected spectacularly, decisively and completely. The British public will never forget this fiasco!
You're deliberately misleading the electorate. You have done so over Brexit you have done so over the Backstop. Politicians like yourself &amp; who have deliberately mislead the public should be barred from Public life from now on
That's been tried repeatedly by the Brexit country since 1607. We are still here.
The two aren't separable. This is the most potentially destructive and totalitarian government the UK has seen for centuries. We must stop Brexit and oust this government. A solution which doesn't involve both just isn't good enough. 2/2
Sally Webster was all we had left in this Brexit Britain. #corrie
My letter to : your nation is threatened – back a #peoplesvote | Gina Miller
“Super Canada” - who says we’re going to offered that.
"A resounding defeat" is the clear leader in our #Brexit poll. I'm going to snap the results at various times to see if it changes alongside any fresh Brexit news.
Do you think Brexit will be good for the UK's economy in the long term? 32 102 users have voted. Share your opinion!
Because Brexit is a cult rather than a rational socio-economic policy.
is either stupid or ignorant, If she can’t be bothered to check facts with her attorney general, she should resign immediately. Appalling woman. So ashamed to be British.
The future will be better for everyone when we're free of parasites like Juncker. The people who put their trust in self serving wastrels like him ahead of their own country really should be ashamed of themselves.
Yes, which is one MP out of twelve. That MP in particular promised to his leave voting constituency before the 2017 election he'd back Brexit so hardly news... Of course you have to wonder why he stood as. Lib Dem in the first place but he doesn't represent the party as a whole.
If nothing could happen because "it is not government policy", what name would we give to that kind of a state? Parliament is sovereign.
Another reason why the 2016 referendum was flawed because because everyones brexit was different!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Yes, but what she really means is that she should have been more subtle with her xenophobia
Please dont tell me this is Theresa Mays Brexit deal
From The Economist: From frying pan to fire: Brexit
Told you! Every time her ruddy lips move she is lying!
If Trump hates the Brexit deal it must be our best option.
So: Labour want a #Brexit debate For The Few, Not The Many ...
Tusk smirking with his thumb up,they are nothing but parasites,living off other countries money,because they don't have any of their own.
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe.
Yes what a waste of time. Pity the deal doesn’t sell itself so such drawn-out Q&amp;As would be unnecessary
May results G/E nearly lost 25pts lead to unelectable corbyn brexit meant brexit = chequers May soldiers on brave fighting for thee EU chequers plan haha We don`t owe eu a penny = May fighting for eu cause we do haha chequers dead as a duck - no plan b = BREXITEERS do WTO asap
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs - BBC News
You only have to look at who has the most to gain from reversing Brexit.....
Vote it down. #Brexit
The EU has spoken. They will not move. Don’t you remember Cameron running back and forth like a scared rabbit?
Boring codswallop as usual
NEWS-UK Speaking to reporters outside the White House, President Trump said BREXIT deal sounded like it would be good for the European Union, but could leave Britain unable to trade with the US!#foxnews,#msnbc,#thefive,#cnbc,#bloomberg via
How can you hate nationalism but support brexit
Theresa May's Brexit deal will cost UK the equivalent of 'losing Wales or the City of London'
Are you tripping? Any other leader and we would be having a hard brexit, what planet are you on the planet Murdock
Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' - BBC News
Uh oh! Trump on Brexit agreement: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'
Brexit, It tastes shit, like cereal it is based on.
Registration for the #IBDE Annual Conference is now open. #IBDE2019 proves an excellent platform to explore challenges and opportunities to international #trade and #investment post-#Brexit. Register NOW to secure your place at the #IBDEConference.
your old man wants to calm down don't he?
Ever get that feeling when a probe lands on Mars, Russia is seizing Ukrainian ships, the US president is so racist he’s orange, Brexit is a thing, so is the EFF and whatever the hell is happening in the DA that history is *heavy*? And we have to make it ohhhhhh no
Nicola Sturgeon draws a clear distinction between utilitarian as opposed to existential nationalism. This would be worthwhile sharing for broader discussionn. MARION VAN RENTERGHEM: ‘Brexit is the perfect argument for Scottish independence’
True #Brexit will happen and there will no #PeoplesVote because we have already had that, there will be no 2nd referendum You can have all the hissy fits you like, you will get nowhere, it aint happening, you lost, your side sucks and dont get a say.
the man is full of lies, he also made out at the labour conference had agreed on a peoples vote. Then it became all options open, then it became election first peoples vote 2nd. Basically if he thinks he can get into number 10 with brexit he'd love it, the rest of us can get lost
Many being interviewed who say just get on with it are only affected financially &amp; they haven't noticed that yet. Not interested in the millions affected. Selfish ********* !
One of my British clients asked me earlier if I had any 'Boll***s to Brexit' stickers. I said I had a few. He asked for them all. He is furious at the rise in costs and the crippling exchange rates. He stuck two of the stickers on his notebook straight away.#BrexitIsPersonal
Deal or no Deal ... That's the question #Ajenjo
Let’s not listen to an illiterate though please
G4S - HELP US FIGHT CENSORSHIP!! - #Censorship #environment #environmentalists #climatechange #G4S #security #RESIST #ResistanceRises #video #BrexitShambles #UK #England #London #ClimateJustice #security #GTTO #musicvideo #brexit #TuesdayThoughts
When I finally get round to writing “Brexit- The Musical” Project Vote is going to be hilarious.
Sorry but it has been said, and I for one will remember it. Vividly.
Holyhead on Brexit: ‘When will people wake the f**k up?’
House of cards falling............
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade via
Sigh. Yes let’s. A real shame we have to waste 30 years of progress to see what happens. I think a second ref is on the cards, even likely. If that happens we can forget this whole sorry mess. If not, then a no deal Brexit screws all but the very richest for many years to come.
Yes..but first sort Brexit..#PeoplesVote
Charlie is confused by Brexit. #brexitchaos #Brexit
you are voting to sell out brexit and the 17.4 million that voted for it.
Well said, sir #DitchTheDeal #MayMustGoNow
She has given in on every subject. She has conspired against two Brexit Secretaries (who have resigned). What exactly don't you understand?#totalsurrender
Sarah we only know the details of the transition period. We must give Brexit a chance to deliver what it promises, and that is down to the resourcefulness of the British people, something I have great confidence in.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
BBC News - Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
You know you've made a shit deal when that Shitgibbon approves of it...
Good grief; the absolute fuckwittery of this; Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Brexit based on the 2016 referendum was doomed because neither politicians nor public had any real idea what it meant. People based votes on ridiculous promises and in protest. Until this is addressed with a people’s vote based on real information we will remain nowhere
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 | The vote will decide the future of UK's departure from EU, which it is officially set to take place on March 29, 2019. |
Wow. Donald Trump responded to Theresa May's Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US. "Sounds like a great deal for the EU."
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected - May
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
please share if you are as concerned as I am about the terrible direction that our Government is hell bent on with Brexit. Parliament can just stop Article 50 in its tracks by a majority vote. Come on MPs, find and use your moral compass!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The BBC. The Brussels Broadcast Corporation Shameful the way they are Anti- Brexit, it`s got to stop
The business verdict on the EU rubber-stamped deal
If we can't trade with the U.S. please let's get rid of Theresa May asap and let someone put a better deal in place.
Patrick I remember the start of that campaign. I backed it then and still do We must continue the fight for #Brexit
1) £100bn is if we go ahead with her deal 2):
Only 123 days until we become the As isolated as the Sentinelese people! Firing arrows into any cursed stranger who dares venture too close #Brexit
Theresa May faces Brexit showdown in Commons on 11 December as anger grows over deal
Gotta study up for post-Brexit Britain.
The majority of people who voted leave in the referendum have been hoping for this for the last two years. It is the anti-democratic people like Edward here who can't seem to grasp this simple concept.
Again... Well there we are then...
Disagree with the PM on basically everything, but standing against anti-Semitism and anti-Semitism directed at women is one thing I do agree with. Brexit, on the other hand...
Over-eat, get pissed and act like toss-pots.This is almost satirical. I ''love'' the London hipster dude with his ''healthy alcohol'' as well as the highly educated lady who waxes lyrical about Hegel's dialectics while wearing over sized ear-rings. #Brexit
Hard to argue with
I think the only hope is to get 48 letters in, get in a decent leader and hold firm to no deal WTO Brexit. If it goes to Parliament only bad options. What do you think?
DID YOU LEAVE NOTHING? #environment #environmentalist #climatechange #parenting #RESIST #ResistanceRises #video #ClimateReport #BrexitIsPersonal #ClimateJustice #BrexitBetrayal #GTTO #musicvideo #brexit #ThursdayThoughts #UK #England #London #future
Damon, it’s the process that has been vandalised and you damn well know it. Pure sabotage from a remainer PM and her civil servents. How on earth can you or anyone else judge Brexit until it is actually delivered?
Oh how I miss the days when our politicians were competent grown ups
This is where Brexit bankers are choosing to live in Paris
BBC are still insisting on falsely telling viewers and listeners that there is no alternative to May's Brexit or No deal Brexit. Small wonder so many British TV viewers are so ill-informed and SkyNews are holding a debate between 2 hard Brexiteers.
Utterly unchartered territory #Brexit
Of course they will lose their jobs - local associations will see to it.
It has just dawned on me watching the news that #TheresaMay's big plan is to use voter apathy on #Brexit to try and push through this deal. It's not going to work. The only sensible option now is a #peoplesvote.
What did they expect? It was in Bolton, a place only worthy of pound shops, charity shops and vaping shops and used by Farage to launch his last Brexit tour. Of course it'd be a big pile of steaming shite.
Yes but wasn't it Rousseau who said if the those elected fail to respect/protect the will/interests of the electorate that they will use other means?! I don't agree with this. But with this brexit obfuscation/betrayal larry you may need to stay indoors.
Aaron Banksy. Elusive. Cunning. Made some people spend a lot of money buying something irrelevant, that turned out to be shredded shit. #Brexit #Wanksy
Trump seems to want a 51st state. And he is actively undermining Theresa May.
They are brexit football at its finest Burnley like aren’t they
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
Probably the most stupid tweet of 2018. If Labour had any other leader other than Corbyn the Tories would have had a majority in the house approaching 100 and could have pushed ahead with as harsh a Brexit as they wanted. JC has stopped that. Feel free to thank him.
For the latest news in world and UK #politics 24 hours a day....give us a follow. You may not like our views and we may not like yours, but we love to engage in political debates. #follow #FolloMe #PoliticsLive #Brexiteers #Brexit #UK #America #EU
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
#MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #fuckoffmay #Brexit JUST FUCK OFF
I know in current climate it can be hard for people to get jobs etc but can't we send all the people who can't be bothered to work to mars and just for the laugh take #Brexit there too #MarsLanding #mars #MarsInSight #MarsLandingDay
Trump says he hasn't a clue :)
This...
#Potus mobilize against #EU #Nazi cabal treason by #TraitorMay &amp; #remainer cabinet intent on #BrexitBetrayal #WeThePeople are sovereign #FISA #D5 #QAnon #KAG #Q+ #Brexit #Brexitdeal #MAGA #Trump #EUisaFoe
I've just clicked on Brexit in the trending list and a message came up telling me 'this trend is low quality'.
Our negotiating team, basically being Remainers, never played up the possibility of a No Deal BREXIT as negotiating leverage resulting in May's appaling deal. Unlike the EU, who stoked domestic pressures within the UK over Irish border etc.., we failed to do the same.
'You Done My Brain In' by The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band via This Great song sums up my view of Mays Brexit!
Brexit has already damaged Britain's international reputation. Probably not irretrievable but how long it will take no one knows. I doubt Britain will ever again be a EU leader.
I genuinely believe if and started a party tomorrow they would do enough to fuck the system. I'm not saying they would change the world because they're marmite. But enough to save ,#Brexit
I will call it now in a few weeks you will see the BBC will be saying the SNP voted down May's deal and causing a no deal brexit to happen. The BBC are known for spinning lies.
He represents Lib Dem policy on Brexit no more than Anna Soubry represents the Tory policy on Brexit or Kate Hoey represents Labour policy.
FAVOURITE WAYS TO DIE - VIDEO BY NOIR VORTEX #MUSIC #environment #Trump #RESIST #ResistanceRises #TheEnd #DYING #DEATH #GTTO #brexit #rebelscum #TheEnd #TrumpRussia #Trump #RakeAmericaGreatAgain #raking #music #video #musicvideo #armageddon
#LiteraryBrexit "And as if in answer there came from far away another note. Horns, horns, horns, in an enormous queue of traffic. Great horns of gridlocked articulated lorries wildly blowing. Brexit had come at last.”" 2/2
Ah I see so basically like preparing for a debate la. Still pretty interesting to see how both sides seem to be so united against May and Brexit.
Well said, sir #DitchTheDeal #MayMustGoNow
#Trump Says Brexit Deal Could Mean U.K. Can't Trade With U.S.
God help the people who are in poverty and want the Tories to stay in power.
Absolutely loving the brutal bayoneting on here of idiotic Brexit sockpuppets who spent two years talking up Trump
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
Corbyn is living in cloud cuckoo la la socialist utopiala land!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Every cloud ...
Yay... Sound good all round to me. Brexit cancelled. People stop voting tory. Win win.
This is pretty hyperbolic here buddy. If there's anything totalitarian about it it's in relation to Brexit which again labour have not committed to stopping.
Vote for this deal and we need never discuss Brexit again; vote it down and we will run out of water and die.
I’m afraid that simply is over-simplistic Mark, millions of non-Tory voters voted for Brexit - this is a national division not a party debate - and we need a specific deal to resolve it
Anyone else noticed that USA &amp; Russia became aggressors to their neighbours on the day that the Brexit Deal was ratified by the EU? Is it my imagination or is there some stage management going on?????
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Is this in the event of No Deal Brexit on WTO rules? If so the UK would have to have zero tariff for every other country too for the same goods.
How Invoice Finance could drive the UK economy following a no-deal Brexit - Asset Finance International
As of right now, I don't see how in the world #TheresaMay's #WithdrawalAgreement passes parliament. The question then becomes: what's next? #Brexit #UKpolitics
Easy to be relaxed about it when you’re worth £75 fucking million. Twat.
Personally, I think the #Conservatives need a new leader who is actually pro-#Brexit to guide the country. But can he/she maintain majority support in Parliament without an election? So many things can still happen. #WithdrawalAgreement #UKPolitics
As for this talk of another #Brexit referendum, it almost universally comes from those who don't support Brexit. The British government has a mandate to enact Brexit. It should proceed on that basis. #WithdrawalAgreement #UKPolitics
What a horrible sly evil two faced bitch May is! To hell with the British people &amp; what THAY VOTED FOR, I want my way &amp; that’s it. ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING!!!!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit TV debate: Theresa May challenged to invite all parties - BBC News
We're fast approaching a tipping point where the cry to “just get on with it” means get on with a #PeoplesVoteNow and not with either of the present disastrous Brexit options.
Posted...
The neo-conmen will be celebrating tonight, maybe Remainers as well? You see: there wasn't a via media - you're either in or you're out!
Or this?
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal - Sky News
It was tory party inflicted austerity that voters kicked against in the referendum but leave publicity and right wing press deflected blame onto EU. STOP brexit
Donald Trump says Theresa May's Brexit agreement "sounds like a good deal for the EU" and may make trade between the U.S. and UK more difficult. What on earth was she thinking?
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Steven Bray: Hero of the People's Revolutionary Fightback Against Brexshit. Give that man a knighthood. #SODEMaction #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #brexit
is awesome. Just watched last week’s episode covering Brexit. I salute John Oliver
When even #Trump thinks the EU are getting the better of the #Brexit deal it’s time for #TheresaMay to have another look.
Definitely. As should representatives from Plaid. BREXIT affects the small natations in a disappropriate manner and their voices need to be heard, as atvthem moment they are not.
I am retweeting this because, honestly this is an important point ins many many ways
WTO is the comfy crash-mat for a soft #Brexit landing out of the EU. No EU deal is possible, they want to own us still and May's deal shows it at Article 89 and in the backstop arrangements, handing decisions for our departure over to the EU. We voted Leave and this isn't Leave,
This woman is truly frightening! We might as well be on the Titanic with her at the helm!
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
Cue the democratic duty and political obligation of the and their #Brexit manifesto as pledged to 17.4m brexit voters to throw out this May #remain deal and deliver a #Brexit as per their manifesto #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #DitchTheDeal #NoDeal #Leave
No Brexit Without ‘Irish Backstop,’ Says Appeaser Theresa via
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of Brexit medicine – cartoon
Trump says Brexit deal may hit US trade - Belfast Telegraph
Teresa May is just stringing this whole deal out she knows and the eu know that it won't get passed in parliament and parliament won't allow a no deal Brexit so it will come to pass that as she stated there will be NO BREXIT this whole negotiation is a sham to keep us in the EU
No One voted to be £100Bn a year worse off. The referendum was based on a claim that UK would SAVE that amount. In these circumstances you must call a #PeoplesVote on this deal, which is not what people voted for.
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
Actually I agree it was dumb having a remainer as PM but I was actually talking of Shadow Brexit Secretary.
LabourLeave has been revealed today as being created and funded by the cabal at 55 Tufton Street. The only real opposition to Brexit in Parl has been by , 2dly by , &amp; additionally by heroic work from the admirable on CA/SCL/Bannon &amp; Banks.
The BBC's War With A Brexit Protestor Just Escalated Quite... Brilliantly
Agreed it will only be two versions of Brexit but one from someone who pretends to want to leave and the other from one who pretends to want to remain!
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
Unfortunately our Mrs May PM just doesn’t get the message, she’s a total idiot! We need the USA!
trump says the brexit deal may mean UK and USA cant trade. And he doesnt believe the climate change report. So that is ok then.
Good thread
"This is one of the toughest negotiation hands I've ever seen" - interesting to watch this Jonathan Powell piece from May 2016 about how the Brexit negotiations could play out. A lot of it has come to fruition... some hasn't #newsnight
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
Our MP is very likely to vote for the Brexit deal because he votes with his party on everything. If you want to send him an email, knock yourself out andrew.jones.mp .uk
Well said, maam #DitchTheDeal #MayMustGoNow
Northern Irish fishing community anxious over Brexit deal
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
May Brexit Myths: “Be Out of the common fisheries policy” with “full control of our waters”? We’ll still exchange fishing quotas right sell 90% of fish to EU. Besides, Gov let richer fishermen sell their quotas to foreign companies, denying fair quotas to small coastal fishermen
Trump on the Brexit deal: "Sounds like a great deal for the EU"
The BBC's war with a Brexit protestor just escalated quite... brilliantly
#NoDeal #ManagedNoDeal never ever May's #Brexit deal #DitchTheDeal
Corbyn wanting to turn any Brexit debate into an austerity debate about the Gov is typical of his cynical bullshit. She won’t do this. He will claim he would have been happy to debate Brexit. A pox on both of them. I hope he gets the wrath of the Remainers next election.
Activists demand UK environment watchdog in Brexit trade deal
I suspect she'll go for 1 because she hasn't a bloody clue.
Of course EDL Robinson is holding a 'Brexit Betrayal' march, because like all UK Far Right: ALL lobbied for Brexit. National Front to National Action and every other racist as their 'acceptable' allies, Rees-Mogg, the Lexiters, Spiked/LM, told us "Brexit isn't racist". Yeah right
I don't think he would dare do anything so stupid. That would put him right in Theresa May's hands and show the country he cares nothing of the poverty in Britain which the UN inspector warned would become much worse under brexit.
“Available” is the key word. We should never be leaving, all down to lying politicians with careerist agenda’s, gullible idiots and/or racists. Embarrassing. #Brexit
The Guardian view on Brexit in parliament: respect the majority | Editorial
Patrick Blower on Theresa May selling her Brexit deal – #BrexitChaos #finalsay #PeoplesVoteon #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave – political cartoon gallery in London
And like previously you’d be correct- but I’d argue that’s not the point. The problem is with the notion of exceptionalism - that this island, these people, are almost uniquely unconquerable and this means something in the brexit debate.
I was studying a degree in politics when Thatcher went - one of our profs had this pic blown up and put on his wall to cheer him up. We were given the day off from classes to celebrate. May should suffer the same.
TM is targeting the "BOB's" (Bored of Brexit) to get public support for her crap #BrexitDeal In my humble opinion, people who are bored of issues of national importance, are probably not those you would want with the fate of the Nation left in their hands.! #PeoplesVote
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade via
What the EU and U.K. Agreed to on Brexit - Wall Street Journal News
I had time for the Govester, thought he was a possible Prime minister. The amateur Machiavellian plotting &amp; comedy failures, now the support for this dog of a Brexit deal is a step too far. The new climate environmentalism feels like a Govian Mock-ia-velli attempts.
Brief letter back **** ***
Yeah but most people will be poorer under Brexit anyway whatever form it takes.
This is becoming a Brexit sport! The latest round involves the BBC putting reporters up on high platforms and Steve Bray holding posters on long poles.
Why Theresa May’s Brexit deal deserves support NO IT DOES NOT. UK does not want to be a Colony of the undemocratic EU Colonial Empire thanks.
I blame brexit
Go back to the press conference in USA. Listen to the empathy in DJT’s voice the moment he said ‘she’ll be alright’ regarding Brexit. Believe it or not I can’t stand politics. Everything (global) that’s happening isn’t politics. It’s justice and history in the making..........
Where does your caller’s adulation for come from? He showed he has about as much #Brexit resilience as a toasted marshmallow.
LIGHT IN THE DISTANCE - AS HEARD ON BBC OXFORD RADIO #MondayMorning #love #MondayMotivaton #MusicIsLife #musiclife #Resistance #music #video #musicvideo #Musiclover #England #life #love #happiness #GTTO #Happiness #GTTO #brexit #UK #nowplaying #playlist
From ex-member Gina Miller. Like her, I believe that the Labour leader's fence-sitting has been the greatest betrayal of Labour principles in my lifetime.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Yeah, I guess shedding jobs and shrinking is adaptation, too. Well, if a no-deal Brexit shakes out, best of luck to you and enjoy that blue passport. It's likely gonna be the only promise to come true.
No deal #Brexit is apparently the wil of the people. Sure it is provided that not one single leave voter paid any attention whatsoever to any leave campaigner who without exception promised same or better benefits and dismissed the prospect of no deal as #projectfear
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
After 25 years of you you've got what you wanted!....A mess that only the people can sort out!...Trust you're happy?
There is no outcome that ticks all the boxes of growth, trade, stability, cooperation, more national control, the vote. A mammoth task steering... anyone else might have derailed. But what did people really vote for? All options have downsides! So does another vote!...
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Every cloud, no matter how black, can have a silver lining. says 's Brexit agreement sounds like a great deal for the EU but may hinder trade between the UK and US". - Fingers crossed !!! #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain
Did you listen to Corbyn in HOC today, he tore her to pieces , he is the only opposition to brexit, get a grip if you despise the Tories get behind Labour and get them out.
If I could guarantee there'd be no Brexit or Trump people there, it'd be a risk worth taking.
Ah well... We've got our country back though
Really great read from on life on board and a first hand account fishermen's views on Brexit. And the photography is stunning too.
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
Ha! Think you can get away with peddling this rubbish? Think again!
The public got it wrong. Parliament CAN overrule the sheeple. It would take a significant majority in the House, probably MORE significant than the majority for #Brexit and would be quite representationally democratic, with the added advantage of being SOVEREIGN!
Trump Says Brexit Deal Could Mean U.K. Can't Trade With U.S.
#UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal
#Maybot surely knows that my way or the highway ultimatum is unlikely to help her win #MeaningfulVote #Brexit #BrexitChaos #ToriesOut
Well Mr Trump I don't think the UK wants to end up as an economic satellite of the US Take your chlorinated chicken and shove it somewhere . . . #Brexit #DonaldTrump
Farage's SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as "great for the EU"
Or act like adults who can understand facts and cancel Brexit as it can bring nothing positive to the country or Europe. #brexitshambles #BrexitBin #BrexitLeavesBritainNaked
Just what we needed -- mango Mussolini chiming in with his two cents worth - no doubt at the behest of Bannon.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
please let us know where you stand on a second referendum. Do you consider it fair to the British voters.... IE, Accept the deal or another referendum regarding Brexit. Which is what will be on the table.
IS THIS A METAFOR FOR BREXIT?
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
I’m the same with Brexit
In every election/referendum there r winners &amp; losers. When #Brecit happens, (Brexit will happen. Brexit is a certainty) people who wanted Britain 2 remain in the EU will have to accept defeat gracefully. We can all make Brexit work for Britain. This is our future. Let's own it!
the Guardian has her losing by 179!
The PM's botched Brexit deal is bad for Battersea and for the country. I'll be voting against it and it looks set to be defeated in Parliament, so today I asked what the PM's plan B is. She didn't answer because she doesn't have a plan B: Her government is out of ideas.
At last an upside
As Brexit secretary Raab should have had his name all over this agreement, however because May took over leadership on this subject several months ago, why did he continue to draw his ministerial salary for a further 2 months, to basically it seems, do nothing?
Shit weather? Brexit.
Please we're all asking you this question. If you have doubts then I'll gladly beg - give the vote to the people who have had 2 years to learn so much rather than trust now invisible politicians. #PeoplesVote, we'll consider you strong for calling it!
If somehow all hell breaks loose post-brexit (no deal scenario) the entire british armed forces wouldn't have a hope in hell of containing it. Those keen to espouse 'british values' would be left to contrast the ensuing lawless mayhem with the order&amp;civility of post-tsunami Japan
It could be, but it isn't.
if Trump keeps on commenting $WMT might open and fill the gap $90 tomorrow
#IfAtFirstUDontSucceed don't change a damn thing and plough on regardless in the blind hope that this shit will miraculously sort itself out. #Brexit
This is brilliant, keep up the good work . Thanks for reporting #PeoplesVote
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
Trump says Brexit deal may hit US trade
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' &gt; and there was I hoping for a steady supply of chlorine washed hormonal induced meats
From the “you couldn’t make it up” department: Jeremy Corbyn wants to use a primetime Brexit debate with Theresa May to criticise her on... domestic policy. Because of course that’s what’s important in that debate, not, you know, BREXIT!
Ah, yes, ALL those hundreds of millions going to the NHS... Wait, where precisely are those millions going to come from? Is it from the 39 BILLION that we'll owe the EU in our divorce bill? Or maybe it will come out of our £100 BILLION projected loss to our economy under Brexit?
Brexit shot itself in the foot the minute it was introduced.
The Withdrawal Agreement is the opposite of Taking Back Control. #NoDealNoProblem #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #SuperCanada #Labourleave #LeaveEU #Brexit #JunkTheBackstop #BinTheBackstop
That 90 odd are *not* the rebels. They are honouring their pledge to the voters after the referendum to get us Brexit. The rebels are the remoaners trying to sabotage Brexit.
A dictator!!!!Theresa May faces blizzard of attacks from hostile MPs as she tries to convince them to back her Brexit deal on December 11
I am cheerful, I’m not a pessimist like you #FBPE types that think Brexit spells the end of the U.K.
LISTEN – Nigel Farage Tells Breitbart: May’s Brexit Betrayal is Like ‘Voluntarily Going to Prison’ via
In case anyone was in any doubt, is not anti-Brexit #BrexitShambles
But Tim, Brexit is an elite-led project for extreme globalisation, cloaked as a protest against globalisation. Leaving the EU is but a milestone on the critical path to a low tax, low regulation economy where the right wing elites can make more profits.
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
[EUROPE] Trump on Brexit agreement: ‘Sounds like a great deal for the EU’ |
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
wait is this a brexit joke
Brexit deal 'great for EU' and may hinder UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
This is Remainers for you.
Time for a Brexit special showing of Passport to Pimlico
Nonsense. Under WTO MFN rules you are obliged not to discriminate between other MFNs. The EU has plenty of existing tariff- and non-tariff barriers with Third Countries, and it would in fact be obliged by WTO rules to apply exactly those to the UK on a No Deal Brexit.
President Trump says #Brexit deal may hit US trade
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
To be fair ! Ya did a good job at explaining the numbers gig today ... yer wan is goosed .. but shur its two more weeks of delusion
and that is relevant to Huddersfield and you with your brexit bollox
Trump on Brexit agreement: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
A debate between &amp; *only* would be the worst that could happen: - both support Brexit - both still try to sell cake and unicorns to the British public - both are still happy to bend the truth No good will ever come of them regurgitating their spin. 1/
Bravo Steve Bray
We need honesty and a reality check now. Get them to debate together with politicians from all parties and all nations of the UK; experts; and people already affected by Brexit. 2/2
It seems a whole lot of Brexiteers were listening to Theresa May Theresa May told us time and again: NO DEAL, is better than a bad deal! The politicians agree, the legal advice agrees, that Theresa May's deal is absolutely terrible That must make Brexit WTO Yippee Brexit WTO
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task? - BBC News
Larry Elliott skillfully articulates the left wing case for #Brexit. Required viewing for those in the Irish commentariat who arrogantly assume the motive behind leaving the EU was driven by a nativist, xenophobic impulse.
Jeb! caused Brexit
They don't support corporations, UN or EU. They just opposed, say, Brexit, because they decided most of those who favoured it were racists. In practice they're the armed wing of cheap labour capitalism, the state and multinationals. They lose their shit if you point that out.
Trump on Brexit agreement: ‘Sounds like a great deal for the EU’
Something that people voted for that is now clearly a bad idea, with most citizens actively trying to stop it. An apt moniker.
Oh dear, you’re in for some surprises then should we have a hard Brexit.
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing - BBC News
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU - BBC News
Nineteen months of Brexit wrangling - and that's just a taster - BBC News
If you’re a Taxi driver in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Ruth is a leading Economist- she thinks UKwill be better off with a clean #Brexit
I Want #indyref2
Didn't he kind of egg the exits on at the time?
In actual fact, #Brexit is not going to be allowed to happen.
I want to stop brexit , because I'm not thick, racist, a disaster capitalist or disaster socialist and my business relies on freedom of movement, a generation will never forgive the architects and enablers of brexit
Surely you see that Brexit is a massive mistake? I know many of your constituents want it, but this is your chance to lead them and save them from self inflicted pain. Don’t do it.
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
#DonaldTrump: Theresa May’s #Brexit deal is great – for the #EU
Before drawing any significance from this, it’s worth bearing in mind that he will, as ever, have not the faintest understanding of what he’s talking about.
And the UK’s bid to join it as a sovereign country outside of the EU in four months time has been blocked by more than 20 countries. Another part of Brexit going swimmingly well for you. What’s your fave tariff btw?
Trump says Theresa May’s Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
I mean... It's almost like #Brexit simply couldn't work.
I'm bracing for #Brexit...
THIS IS A GOOD DEAL FOR BRITAIN Hugh Laurie's News Flash - A Bit of Fry and Laurie - BBC via #Brexit #PeoplesVote
‘Mayhem and riots’ Why? Surely it would be the best way of finding out what the people want?
I don’t know if I’ve got into a spiral of buying random tat, or if I’m getting prepared for when Brexit hits So far this week I’ve bought a portable water filter, an electric saw and multiple survival blankets
Her Brexit Deal is catastrophic for The UK and Scotland the ONLY way forward now is a NO DEAL that way EVERYONE is set back to zero and can negotiate trade deals that are Best for them
Of course it will. The EU is doing everything they can to make Brexit as difficult and painful as possible.
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
Trump is saying May’s Brexit deal is good. There is literally no worse endorsement than that of a man who also endorses kennelling stolen children
Maybe she should just be honest at tell us what she really thinks. Brexit is bad for the UK. She knows that. Everyone knows that.
As a BBC presenter you know I can’t answer that.
Find a large cross and carry it around Britain until brexit happens. Or you die. Whichever.
I really can’t put it in the same bracket. Torries led us to brexit, delivered brexit. An opposition leader can’t stop brexit! I vote policy’s not party but 9/10 that road lead to Labour anyway. Homeless masses, NHS underfunded, school cuts, disability allowances cut.
Brexit will take that man's job. Plus millions more over the next decade. It's deeply sad. But it is still true. If people refuse to forsee that. They will be forced to live it.
"negotiated by remainers after the leavers put in charge of Brexit ran away." FTFY
He is very concerned about the possibility this March will hand the remainers and MSM a golden chance to say brexit is about thugs and extremists rather than decent folk . Perception is everything
The latest The Launi Daily! Thanks to #brexit #divorce
Please retweet/ post to Facebook/Instagram etc to get the message that "NO Deal is not a bad Deal" across to as many people as possible...and it gets Brexit over on the 30.3.18 after which we can move on to important things
Outstanding response to the PM:
I don't think that many of the people making neg comments about this tweet (citing inappropriate time due to Brexit etc), have read the article. I think it's really quite poignant and relevant to current world events. I am not a football fan by the way.
Cable: Zero Chance of U.K. Parliament Passing Brexit Agreement
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
looks like I will need to take a pitch fork.
The latest The Daily Plebeian! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
First analysis of government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year
Trump says Theresa May’s Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
Sadiq Khan: Erect a Statue of Steve Bray (Mr Shouty Stop Brexit man) on the 4th Plinth in Trafalgar Sq - Sign the Petition! via
This really upsets me... you are the most loathsome politician of all time Your #Conservatives party is dead in the water if this deal goes through... for decades to come
Funny how nobody in the Leave groups campaigned for a no deal WTO Brexit. If you’re saying you voted for that I would suggest you’re lying madam.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Channel 4 news v funny in this regard tonight
Bit hypocritical of Cable, n'est-ce pas? Considering he can't jeep his own MPs in line &amp; he didn't turn up for a major vote on Brexit himself. There are rumours that if the DUP bail out the LDs will back the Tories Sad that it's believable
I know you guys are doing this, but let's keep it going. MPs must realise the true purpose of brexit, the reason why a small group of extremists initiated it, broke the law to make it happen. They didn't do it for us. They did it for them and foreign backers. #peoplesvote #FBPE
Brexit, the Denouement. Tory MPs will cave like a badly made soufflé and vote for May's "deal", with enough support from the Flints and the Hoeys to make it easy. Because that's how it works. /1
Hi Steve, here’s my statement from last week. I’m on the Today programme in the morning too. In a piece inc Bury folk. Thanks for your message.
Brexit is now known to be based on lies and electoral fraud. It has divided and damaged our country, stirred up hatred and xenophobia and diminished our standing in the world. I am so ashamed. Parliament must now back a #PeoplesVote with the option to remain in the EU.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
US President Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK - US trade
A little while back we were told there would be riots in the streets if brexit was cancelled; now we’re told most are just BoBs and can’t be arsed either way.
Those voting for Brexit didn’t let the UK down, those political figures putting their own views first, not fighting for every penny, every law, every regulation have in the biggest way possible.
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of Brexit medicine #Newsnight
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
We Lose our country if the vote for this deal? Or we might all be wrong
Trump is right on this one. EU have their fudge cake and May has allowed them to eat it.
The British public despise you anyway, and not just for the whole brexit shambles, but also for your attacks on the least able and defenceless in our society, while giving your rich pals tax cuts. Indefensible, imoral, and unforgivable.
Globalist Banksters trying to slow-walk and dilute #Brexit in #UK after flooding [#EU] w/ MILLIONS of 3rd world migrants, including Islamist terrorists known to be ISIS killers, are same ones behind "Deep State" and "Caravan" INVASION. Weaponized Mass Migration to END SOVEREIGNTY
This isn't a bad thing
How would a general election let the public decide when you don't even have a policy on Brexit?
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
US President Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK - US trade -
US President Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK - US trade via ForexLive #forex #fx
The Brexit bit.
It's a navigational marker for a spaceship from Alpha Centauri, left on Mars by a Victorian soldier. Don't laugh! It still makes more sense than Brexit! (Dr Who episode "God Save the Queen", if you're curious).
The only reason he doesn’t want is because he can’t debate and has no points. What is labour’s position on Brexit as the first question will bowl him out straight! He is a batsman standing behind the stumps and trying to bat, if you understand cricket a bit.
Presumably ministers and PPSs who have decided to vote against May's Brexit deal will start resigning over the next few days?
Best deal would mean no #brexit
LOL Bit like The Withdrawal Agreement that was never on the 2016 Referendum Ballot. #Brexit has always been either Remain or Leave with No Deal as any agreements, plans or alternative routes to #Brexit were screwed once the Politicians got involved in delivering the #EURef Result
If can't see the damage that ANY Brexit will do to this country, then he has lost his mind and #labour have lost my vote.
To be fair #DonaldTrump doesn't believe his own government's findings on #ClimateChange...
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Rubbish As you know any Brexit is rubbish. Choose. Country of party.
Some people are saying that the only variation on Brexit which can get majority support from the House of Commons is Norway, or Canada+, or This or That. But a majority in the House of Commons has already legislated for a No-Deal Exit, if Mrs May's Withdrawal Agreement fails.
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU" - Trump reacts to Theresa May's Brexit deal.
There is a distraction from Brexit and I can Sydney spot! 'So complex, so real': why Rake is one of the best shows on Australian TV
the government is lying to us
Laura I have noticed lots of early Christmas trees already up on my evening commute. A ploy to block out Brexit#getyoursupearly!
Signing the migration pact would make a mockery out of the whole #Brexit
Great news TM has only got about 20 days left has Prime minister
The louthiros Daily Stories via #smm #brexit
is GB even letting us in after the brexit? :p
So thinks ’s deal is rubbish. 1. Probably means the opposite as he’s wrong about everything 2. We don’t want a US trade deal anyway and the chlorinated chicken that comes with it #Brexit
Expert trolling here from Theresa May who is literally dressed as a humbug. #Brexit
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Owen Smith. 36 seconds.. #owensmith #newlabour #satire #TonyBlair #blairite #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitShambles #brexit #legacy 26
Trump says Brexit deal may hit US trade | Bailiwick Express UK
JC4PM - it could be sooner than you think with the way things are turning out, May's bodged up big time over Brexit, which is so good to see, I'm just impatient for her to go :)
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
This government is not delivering Brexit, is pro-Islam, is pushing for state control (hate speech), pretending terrorism doesn't exist by labelling it as mental health! Little difference really!
I am really vexed now. STOP CALLING IT A BREXIT DEAL! You are misleading people. You KNOW you are. Its a withdrawal agreement. Not one deal is even near a table, let alone on one. We will have dozens of trade deals and 750 treaties to barter over &amp; write/rewrite. All for what?
Nasa Still looking for support fot Mays brexit.
For as long as it takes me to remember that he supports Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Happy to help with this. Keep up the great work Please RT
Business leaders rally behind May's Brexit deal amid fears of crashing out You mean the ones that take Bribes!!Sorry gifts of £millions from the EU? Like the CBI Etc.
British Parliament vote on Brexit deal will be held on Dec 11, British Prime Minister Theresa May confirmed.
At least one. But given May and Corbyn are pro Brexit, two.
Come clean Labour time for another vote, an honest vote.
#BrexitDeal wargaming in Govt: "Lose [the meaningful vote] by more than 100, and they fear the deficit would be insurmountable and the PM in resignation territory." writes This will make an interesting showdown on Dec 11th at 7pm.
[Brexit waiting room] Me: [chanting] jam, jam- Other proles: jam, JAM EU: [pounding her clipboard] JAM, JAM, JAM!
THANKS Theresa !!
What's the point of Labour? For years they've failed to hold Tories to account for their domestic policies, at dispatch box or by abstaining, and with an opportunity to hold them to account on Brexit they want to use it to grill them on domestic policies.
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
Oh dear, how sad, nevermind. #TheresaMay #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
FFS Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
But that is a bit feeble. if another referendum comes you must show them and vote Brexit again. Give them the fight of their life bcs the plan is to wear down Brexiteers . Why let them win?
A parallel of Brexit. Vote for populist policies and you're first in line to experience the consequences of your choices.
no, I can't think of any other country, as you say, run by a foreign power except the other 27 EU countries....we are not alone.....bin brexit....NOW!!!!
Yes, it’s defythe media driving a wedge between the DUP and the business community. Not the DUP’s insistence that they’re wrong in Brexit or one DUP MP calling them ‘puppets’ of Brussels
Theresa May's Brexit Monsters, cartooned | The Economist via
Reality check (pre-Trump)
The latest Politically Aylesbury Vale! Thanks to #hs2 #brexit
#extinction of #endangered species will be remembered long after #Brexit is forgotten. Please support 's EDM.
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 -
LOOL
Lets wait and see. This is just rumour. If its true then Labour members will know for sure exactly what they have elected as their leader.
Exclusive preview of that post-Brexit Thatcher £50 note
Yeah. Welcome to world war three
Am I the only one sick of brexit nobody seems 2 understand it that includes the pm
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May regrets comments on EU nationals Nicola Sturgeon wants to reject this deal and hand power to Corbyn yet education suffering and Scotland will suffer even more through tariffs set on all her small businesses in Scotland
Let's hope speech on brexit is the final nail in May's awful #Brexit deal.
Worth a listen. I now understand the Jamie Dornan phenomenon - a fun interview that even touched on brexit, how he’s avoided typecasting, the north and polo necks.
This is not what people voted for, you’re trying to dress this deal up in the pretty present paper but the gift is still rubbish. You’ve wasted 2 years then given up just to get any deal, the EU must think think you’re a fool, we think you’re!
you want obi to let brexit happen?
Brexit blind dates: Dustin Lance Black and Ulrika Jonsson - BBC News
Farage's SHOCK #Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal… #News #Politics
Well to the Cult he could say WTO Brexit and it would still be read as Remain. So bye bye UKIP scum
Donald Trump: #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU': - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great… #News #Politics
Norway may well have cross party support but how does the soft brexit faction in the Tory party actually get into government? If it can't then first step seems to be that a hardline Brexiteer takes over and the Tory moderates help a Corbyn government into power
Brexit means Brexit pal dont like it you know where the door is
Reality Check: Theresa May's Brexit letter - BBC News
"enabling Cameron," maybe. But "making Brexit happen"? Brexit is happening because more people voted for it than not. Brexit could have been stopped if people in leadership positions (like Corbyn) had spoken truth to power about the lies from Leave/Farage.
Naked corruption and cronyism. These are the last days of a dying establishment. Brexit is their final act and however it ends up, they'll never survive it.
The people voted for Brexit two years ago. You and your millionaire dinner-party mates are the ones who want to ride roughshod over their decision.
At last, some positive news
Donald Trump Rubbishes Theresa May's Brexit Agreement: 'Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU'
Oh well. Who cares what that tosser thinks
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to #Brexit deal: - Theresa May gives herself… #News #Politics
VIDEO - : Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Is the ‘Worst Deal in History’
It is, it's very bad. They already said so, they can't wait to get their hands on the NHS, &amp; that's just for starters...
This is a must watch
Listen to the messiah
For the many? Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Historic ‘meaningful vote’ on historic #Brexit deal set for December 11
What is a Norway-style Brexit? The model explained – and how likely it is -
I am shocked to learn they are charities
British agriculture post Brexit would be about making subsidies more economically, socially &amp; environmentally effective &amp; politically accountable. Rather than their abolition. New Zealand is akin to Singapore or Switzerland. A difficult model to copy.
GOLDMAN SACHS: Feuding UK politicians aren’t united enough to torpedo Theresa May’s Brexit deal
May’s focus shifts to hard sell after sealing Brexit deal via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
You'd be ideal for the BBC because you would conflate Corbyn's required complicity in "the will of the people" with May's Brexit deal and the tory Brexiters that are literally in Government.
Of course we couldn't do trade deals - we'd still be stuck with the EU's common external tariff and bound to EU rules. It's not Brexit; it's an utter disgrace, and May has to go NOW.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Stuttering, stammering trying to weasel out of giving a truthful answer. She is a traitor to the UK and needs to be removed now. She will spend the next 2 weeks trying to bribe MPs to vote for her deal - hopefully they’ve got more integrity than she has!
Dennis Skinner MP: Full interview on EU, Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn via
Well now I think about it I suppose the journalists who bang on about Brexit are actually owned by super rich men.
In your #FBPE echo chamber they may seem significant.
To which I’d add keeping it all a big fat juicy secret...
#Brexit has been betrayed by Calling all Patriots Please sign and retweet this petition Back Britain Back #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #MayMustGo #Conservatives
Not "thick as shit" but certainly with a very limited legal, economic and trade understanding. Brexit in it's essence correlates to a suboptimal arrangement, veiled under some obscure nationalism...
Why? The majority of member are pro Brexit and have been for quite a while.
Legal opinion on government position over Brexit worth reading
"Your fired" for being stupid.
Gotta love an underpants gnome
Sound of wheels coming off...
Jean-Claude Juncker and other EU leaders insist that rejecting the Brexit deal will get Britain nowhere
Brexit will be the most costliest decision to take that will negatively affect UKs future for 100s of years to come.Gary is right politicians needs to put people and country first..God save Britain from Brexit. Britain will become archipelago. Be united.
She said BREXIT means BREXIT so many times. And then rolls over and gives in, she is a traitor.
‘Leave voters are changing their minds – let’s them give them a Final Say rather than a bad Brexit deal’
Talk about #workersrights in the context of #Brexit is misguided. Once our parliament is sovereign then we can have the workers rights we vote for and not determined by undemocratic European Commission.
I think about this article, which compared Burnley to Brexit, a lot.
I do think Burnley is an apt metaphor for Brexit and vice-versa, especially with a year gone by and Brexit collapsing and Burnley now in relegation zone.
It's a brave man who supports Jeremy Corbyn and still thinks they know what the word nuance means.
It seems Ulster is still possessed by the ghost of Mathers.
Brexit football
It’s always been the only, least damaging Brexit option! Freedom of movement is an issue, but otherwise meets other criteria! It does beg the question, why not remain, but may just heal the divide that exists now! Mays deal is nothing like this!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
Lmao this guy thought his job would be safe after brexit because Sunderland has some “heart” LOOOOOOOL
Of course. But the point is being able to create our OWN trade deal.
could politics give us new mandates 1) Brexit out of eu 2) bailout homeless 3) keep and use taxpayers £39 billion of prosperity
We are going to have to disagree on that one. Once again whatever short term concerns you have with the Tories are resolvable at the next general election Brexit is one time only you must be able to see that and it will be a problem unless labour strictly oppose it which thy wont
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
replying to . Oh, dear. #Brexit.
See more editorial cartoons at The Week
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
To keep connected the UK needs to stay in the EU Innovative Medicines Initiative and the European Reference Network for Rare Diseases - terrible to Brexit out of these. I hope seeing #philipDunne at the Connect Reception means that he now supports the People’s Vote.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's her own fault - no sympathy from me. Especially as she has an incredibly simple, practical and democratic solution : #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain
Where is Jeremy Cooooaaahhbinnnnnn? #PeoplesVote
#BrexitBroadcastingCorporation up to its usual tricks. Words matter. And so does independent, unbiased journalism. #NoBrexitDividend #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain
I never thought I would ever agree with Trump on anything.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
I don’t think it would have been unreasonable to have expected the Govt to at least have had an agreed position on key aspects of Brexit before activating A50, they’ve spent last 2 years negotiating among themselves instead of with EU, little wonder the deal is a dog’s breakfast
Exactly
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I hate that any country would use the 65 million as the number who want #Brexit More than half of us don’t!
Further reason to ditch Brexit, if Donnie has those strong feelings!
Theresa. May. You. Are. Pathetic. #Populist #Brexit
While the MPs continue playing their games in a bubble, Toyota today signed an agreement with Peugeot group, freeing capacity in their Czech factory to take over UK production after #Brexit. All is fine, all is going well. Special thanks Boris, Farage and all of their gang.
May is resorting to buying favours for #Brexit. What an outdated, corrupt, contemptible, desperate party, Prime Minister and nation.
Let me translate that for Mrs May; 'Oh God, not this again, look I don't want this happening under any circs, cos my mates will lose loads of dosh, so I'm saying it's not Gov policy, (I hope you forgot that we said it wasn't possible)'. #FBPE
Not a fan at all of Trump , but this sums up the whole Brexit circus and the uncertainty it brings not just to the UK but its potential new partners. David Cameron needs to be helf accountable , instead of getting off scot free earning millions in the process.
May claim “putting an end to vast annual payments to EU” will deliver £394m week for NHS is doubly mendacious. As health committee chair, Sarah Wollaston, tweeted: “There is NO financial bonanza linked Brexit only a massive penalty for NHS, research, public health &amp; social care.”
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Even #trump knows, worryingly the trade deal won’t happen with the #usa while this agreement goes ahead (even though it won’t) even more worrying is only Theresa May thinks this is a good #brexit deal. Just glad it’s got to go through parliament yet.....
It is genuinely sad to see able and decent politicians like trashing their reputations in attempting to defend Theresa May’s ghastly sell-out of a deal. #brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitAgreement
National Populism review – compassion for supporters of Trump, Brexit, Le Pen
So Parliament can, after all, command the government to Revoke Article 50. #RevokeArticle50
And people who need a break from Brexit.
What do you think about this?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Efta doesn't solve the Irish border. No vat or customs solution, eea has to be modified
#MayCrackTeam so that's what they're all on!
Janey Godley V Nadine Dorries On Brexit via Good god, this lady hits the nail on the head when it comes down to #Brexit
Nope. She'll loose the vote &amp; immediatley call a general election to a) avoid a leadership challenge b) to kill the chance of a No Deal Brexit The election will be held between a Labour Party offering to scrap Brexit, and May seeking a mandate for her deal
America First.........
Theresa May Brexit deal EXPLAINED: What is in the current Brexit deal?
March 30th 2019 #NoDealBrexit get ready folks pound heading for one dollar one pound 2020 food up 25%, interest rates up 3%, property down 50% to 2022, #FTSE100 acquired by USA &amp; China at bargain basement prices lower your domestic expenses now, stay in cash
President slams 's #Brexit deal as "great for the EU" but warns it will harm UK-US trade. This is the result of your fake #Brexit, Theresa.
BBC fake news telling viewers "Pres Trump says May's Brexit deal may make it harder to trade with UK in future." What Trump actually said was that UK WILL not be able to trade with USA in any manner in future.
Bored with Brexit? How patronising, Mrs May via
So do I!
#The very purpose of a Remainer PM was to keep more closeness with the EU. No free trade means no cheaper groceries.
Two more fucking weeks of Brexit pish.
Brexit...? Great deal for the EU...? Are you out of your mind...?
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade - Reuters
Then get rid of May and get us there* out! Time to stand tall! #Brexit #Hard #MayMustGo
What is the point of having a debate with 'the help'? The show should be called ' Yes, yes, yes Prime Minister' via
Someone should be kicking the dispicable May out and all help is welcome. Pity the elected leave MP’s don’t understand that they will be finished if they support the betrayal
Donald Trump warns Theresa May about her Brexit deal
Brexit Gibraltar Scotland Northern Ireland ...
Wow. Look at this attitude when I write #IAmDanielBlake.
Is saying "Brexit is good" not opposite, of being a Nazi?
May is insane.
Fuck's sake. Even the halfwit knows it's a bad deal for the UK!
At 10 : +Brexit +TrumpEU +Hedges +climate +Mars +Ukraine +Sargeant +border +fishing +Bertolucci driving #BBCNewsTen
It's not his brexit that piece of history belongs to Cameron and we ask ourselves where is he? I know let's blame everyone for the mess were in apart from give it away May and by God it's costing us billions.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US, Trump says
One constant in Trump's presidency so far - undercutting US's long-standing allies. BTW, has Trump said anything yet about the latest Russian aggression vis-a-vis Ukraine?
’I’m angry and embarrassed!’ Jamie Oliver blasts #Brexit amid fears for trade relations
#DonaldTrump: Theresa May’s #Brexit deal is great – for the #EU
Surely a customs union was what we rgued for - no disorderly BREXIT etc etc
He doesn't even know how to spell Brexit ...
Marsha de Cordova MP Verified account 2m2 minutes ago More The PM's botched Brexit deal is bad for Battersea and for the country. I'll be voting against it and it looks set to be defeated in Parliament,...
Trump clearly hoping for a no deal Brexit that will make Mrs May and Mr Fox so desperate for an American trade agreement that they will offer him the world- or the NHS.
Turning our backs on our closest ally, just to please European Federalists! Time for No Deal! #Brexit #EUgameover #Brexitforever
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate retainer from the very beginning. Now does anybody wonder about the output of this shit?
But people are much more in favour of including someone in the debate, alongside Mrs May and Mr Corbyn, who would be willing to consider a 'no-deal' #Brexit. What do you think about widening the debate?
Get on with it? No, May’s #Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee: The prime… #Brexit #ClickBait
It’s MPs, not the British public, whom the PM needs to convince: Even if there is public… #Brexit #ClickBait
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as #Brexit plan B: Soft Brexit option could be… #Brexit #ClickBait
Ah, yes, ALL those hundreds of millions going to the NHS...Quick q: where precisely will those millions come from? Is it from the 39 BILLION that we'll owe the EU in our divorce bill? Or maybe it will come out of the £100 BILLION YEARLY projected LOSS to our economy under Brexit?
PM's new #Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace: Isolated… #Brexit #ClickBait
Can Lord Buckethead please take part in any televised Brexit debate. We need a voice of reason.
HOW CAN SO CALLED BREXITEERS like #Fox, #Hunt betray Brexit and CONGRATULATE MAY ON HER SELLOUT. Absolutely appalling treacherous behaviour, not one of them should be PM! #boris johnson #borisjohnson
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Cornwall politicians asked to back People's Vote on Brexit
Boris: you are actually the biggest historic mistake this country has ever made...
Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
That’s if he is allowed to stay after Brexit.
Really big question is, would Labour MPs take any notice of him? We’ve passed peak Corbyn ... and the man himself broke the whip many many times.
Excellent to spend the evening in Chipping Norton with #WitneyCLP discussing #Brexit with . Big thanks to for organising!
Better put a bucket outside the back door tonight then. Unless of course Brexit will switch the perishing rain off.
I think he means it will impair their ability to trade insults with Americans ... going forward ...
It was an hour and four minutes before Morgan became the first MP to speak in support of May’s plan, and even then it was in a somewhat roundabout way. #brexit #peoplesVote #remain
BREXIT CRISIS: Polling expert says public opinion ‘strongly AGAINST Mrs May’ on ALL SIDES
All politicos - The BIG vote on May’s Brexit transition deal’s on Dec 11th. May be near Christmas, but there wasn’t much “goodwill to all men” in the House today, May took another roasting from all sides: Yr12s - Q. Is 2 weeks enough for PM Powers to work?
I am always relieved when the Prime Minister has been clear. It’s such a weight off my mind.
It would only take 10% of brexit voters to have been xenophobes to have swung to outcome from remain to leave.
THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
If you could have done a deal, you would have done a deal. Any a*%hole can play fantasy Brexit
Andrew's a decent sort of fella with a lot of integrity. He won't tell you this because he's too humble and too professional, but he'd be chuffed to bits with a hard and clean brexit, the main reason being is that he believes in democracy.
Personally he is my favourite kind of Brit. Determined, gritty and humorous. I am sick of pompous corrupt millionaires telling me what is cool and what is not, so that they can line their pockets even more after Brexit, and rip my kids off their FoM.
why? They both want Brexit. One marginally less catastrophic than the other. Host it on Rockall.
May needs the stars to align if her #Brexit deal is to pass the Commons
I hope BREXIT can be stopped. If not May better find a bunker to hide in. Her future is also at risk.
May needs the stars to align if her #Brexit deal is to pass the Commons
To hear any supporter of Jeremy Corbyn and Momentum complain about ‘punishment beatings’ must be the peak of Mount Irony
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
Especially given that they should all be aware that if power is wrestled away from the Tories, while the new PM would be Corbyn. He could only become that with the help of Left Wing Remain parties. You can stop the Tories and Brexit this way.
Great news - sure you will be clear and forthright and use this opportunity - there was not even a mention of LibDem views during Brexit discussion on radio 4 last night
“The Metropolitan Liberal Elite don’t understand that the Sentinelese people just wanted to be wiped out by communicable disease they have built no resistance to. And that’s why they voted for Brexit”
Perhaps if she had come out against her bunch of lying (Johnson), self promoting (Davies), vile (Rees-Mogg), pathetic parasites during the negotiations rather than spout the “Brexit means Brexit”, “take back control” piffle, she’d get sympathy.
I want at this debate.
UK is not a serious country, you call for Brexit, you get it and now you want to control EU? Someone should tell them that you should not play the Russian Roulette if you are afraid to die
Seamus Breathnach #vTonightVWT It just happens that Sinn Fein is in the only real @ practical position to actually make a difference in the Brexit debate; they are morally bound to stop critic. @ to act for all our benefit
There has never been a better time for Scotland to go for Indyref2. Nobody in their right minds wants this Brexit deal. Scotland can move on. Shame about folk living in England but the majority of them voted to leave. #indyref2
Yes. You dont seem to have noticed ours went quite some time ago. Big economies dominate smaller ones, except where smaller ones join together in collaborative union. Seriously, can you tell me one way in which we will benefit by Brexit. Bonus points for being specific...
Let's be clear: I'm no fan of Brexit. But you're making the argument of a bean counter. What matters is not the headcount of a bureaucracy, but its scope and impact. A grand federal experiment is always an at-risk enterprise, quite aside from the shenanigans of Farage and Banks.
TRUMP IS DEAD! #TrumpIsADisgrace #fucktrump #video #RESIST #TrumpIsAMoron #musicvideo #MigrantCaravan #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpGassedBabies #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #brexit #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw #rebelscum #TrumpRussia #Trump
Farage’s SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
WTO Chief: 'Britain will be fine without an EU trade deal' #WTOBrexit #Brexit '#NoDeal is better than a #Baddeal'
The refusal of the Prime Minister to accept criticism of her Brexit deal is akin to the captain of the Titanic hitting an iceberg and sailing on claiming “‘tis but a scratch.” A sorry, sorry state.
#Trump says #Brexit deal may hit US trade
#Trump says #Brexit deal may hit US trade
As a British person trying to find decent quality #EU #UK #news I don't expect low-level below-the-belt content and non-British #EnglishLanguage such as is getting my goat in this article (forgot i bought ur paper 2day 2. Is print copy as bad?!:
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May regrets EU 'queue-jumpers' comment
Combined with irn bru? This is brexit dinner.
and then there are Keir Starmer's six testes, spherically designed so that no #Brexit that isn't a #BRINO could possibly pass them. And the one thing 34.8 million sides of gammon did NOT vote for is a #BRINO.
jfjdkdk .. that’s a issue .. you should be ok? brexit is the 29th march
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Good god we’ve got to stop this Brexit madness now. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Piss off!!! The only thing we see is the reality of a remainer Brexit. I think it’s time for a true brexiteer to take the helm and show us exactly what the reality of Brexit would be...
Poor old Theresa - the last thing she needs is Tangoman sticking his oar in.
#Trump on #Brexit agreement: ‘Sounds like a great deal for the EU’
Can and her regime be stopped? #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit in 2018 have kill democracy! #BrexitShambles #Democracy is fugazi Our votes mean nothing! #1776
Bit weird to have a debate between two people who basically agree that soft Brexit is the way forward, and exclude both opposing points of view (no deal and no Brexit). And by "weird" I mean "profoundly undemocratic".
I'm not telling half truths. When Corbyn is ever asked why he won't oppose Brexit he always states that the referendum must be honoured. He doesn't say "I couldn't implement half of my manifesto if the UK was still an EU member."
R/T @ Secnewsbytes: Who is Nick Boles and what is his back-up plan for Brexit? | The Week UK
Worth recognising that a lot of the Labour votes were achieved by Remainers falsely believing Corbyn would oppose Brexit. So not all down to Brexidiot Corbyn.
We don't like what's happening either way, we don't like what's happen, Brexit is good for UK and EU but UK will need a deal with US which they haven't signed up, who said this today narcissist Trump of course, he's accusing Ukraine rather than the obvious aggressor Russia
The London Economic - Open and accessible News, Business, Economics, Politics Finance, Sport &amp; Lifestyle.
I've been reading a lot on Brexit and after all the evidence, have been really skeptical about it. But now Bruce has said he's relaxed about it I've completely changed my mind. Who cares what the facts say? Facts are biased towards the truth and the truth only hurts
Game over enjoy your retirement. Do you know Leaders of the European Union approved a Brexit deal, what's next for Scotland another referendum?
So MPs will vote on Brexit on December 11th not a hugely auspicious day for constitutional matters as the day Edward VIII abdicated and also the day James II threw the Great Seal of the realm into the Thames as he fled the kingdom during the Glorious Revolution.
And people have still been taken about the EU and #Brexit
I still believe most people voted for #Brexit just to punish the #Conservative party.
The only paper shitty enough to publish his bullshit, clearly. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Good.
Brexit vote date on Theresa May's deal confirmed as Trump warns it favours EU
If there was no way to stop brexit then would the remainers following me prefer the deal over no deal? I have had remainers tell me they would rather have a hard brexit than a deal before. Ended up getting blocked.
More importantly Damon this is exactly the same bollocks that spouts about Brexit because on the EU there is no difference between them.
support #brexit make #putins day
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via
EXCLUSIVE: Far-Left Group Who Attacked Rees-Mogg TARGET Working-Class Brexit March via
Good thread on the lack of concerted support for Leave ...
You made a mess of Brexit Secretary job, didn’t even do the job in fact. Then you ran away. And why are you always smirking?
The offer is not what we voted for and will not be accepted in Parliament or by the British people.
Fair surmising..
If that happened, then at least we would know that this is what the majority of people really want. However, I really don't think that would be the case, I think there's enough people to have finally realised the horror of Brexit.
If you thought #Brexit would give us a deal with the US, think again. Heard about their dodgy food standards? How about their dodgy building materials? Asbestos has never been fully banned US. Now, under Trump, this - #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
No, Robert. May is the cruel one with her hostile environment and racist obsession with scraping #freedomofmovement This is entirely of #Teamtory making. No. Sympathy. At. All.
I mean come on Prime Minster, going to go round the country trying to sell the deal to the people, the MPs are going to vote against it regardless, try and convince them instead, well that ain’t gonna happen tbf because it’s a not a good deal, call for a General Election #Brexit
Now, what act of national folly could that apply to? Spoiler alert! #Brexit
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now does anybody wonder about the output of this shit?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Chief whip announced Brexit Deal vote in Parliament on 11th December. May hoping to slip through the signing of UN Pact unnoticed. Also, turns out the UN Pact was largely written by Merkel Gvt.
Trump: Theresa May’s deal means no FTA with America. #DitchTheDeal
So a shape shifting Brexit it is then
Awww. Diddums.
Or no brexit
“Unite? I laughed so much the mouthful of frogs legs I was eating ended up dancing all over the bald head of the bloke on the opposite table.” A splendid response...
Sounds like a slow-motion horror show
The best, most passionate, reasoned, and bloody brilliant call for a people’s vote!
Do not be forced into a bad deal. Let the date come and go and proceed with bilateral relations from that point. Never bow to #globalists #UK #Brexit
Paul , what was the outcome of the Brexit vote in Totnes.
Everyone thought Trump was the dog catching the car but he’s pretty deftly integrated into the bigotry like 35% of Americans really enjoy. That’s like, A Strategy. May though, lol. She’s *this close* to being like “it’s in god’s hands now, y’all.”
I met The Establishment at a charity do once.
As we where saying
29 march 2019 is brexit day, oh dear, I said I'd shut up about brexit didn't I
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
The brexit vote was based on this neo-fascism in austerity coupled with nationalism and Supremacy
BREAKING - BREXIT WARNING: Theresa May is an ‘INCOMPETENT arch Remainer,... via
Well said, sir #DitchTheDeal #MayMustGoNow
Why do we need Brexit it is a highly possible nightmare leap into the unknown? Why should I risk my families and future generations future on sheer whims and dogma? Surprised &amp; disappointed at your recents stances Nicky. The agreement is far less attractive than the status quo.
Jeremy Corbyn voted against the Labour whip as a backbencher but not against Labour members or with the Tories. Any Labour MPs who votes against the whip on Brexit will be voting with the Tories against party members #WeAreLabour
He is travelling all around the world spreading his ... "methods" ... I hope Mueller can stop him, he has probably done enough damage in the US, his fingerprints are all over Brexit, Brazil and who knows what else.
One of the many reasons Russia loves Brexit ...
Not sure it's possible to write anything about Brexit without cross words.
Lool
THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
Quelle fromage Rodney, quelle fromage.....
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now does anybody wonder about the output of this shit?
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May Corbyn is a joke i have voted labour all my life never for them again under him remember the late Brenda Dean And remember the Nottingham miners your friends at social workers headquarters took over you are a sad little man
So Theresa becomes PM with the help of old Govey &amp; a sly stab in the back of the Etonian Heffalump. Theresa is to obfuscate while she negotiates a Brexit deal so shit that no one in their right minds could support it &amp; there will be unstoppable calls for a second referendum.
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Epic #Trump trolling the #EU leadership hahaha #Merkel #Macron &amp; #Juncker must be furious lol F them #Brexit
Mr President, apparently you’ve said Brexit is a bad deal and you don’t think we can trade with you. Fantastic! This means you can’t start carpetbagging our NHS or sell your irradiated food. Thank you.
If I say "Corbyn done Brexit" on here without getting paid, am I suppressing the wages of the 'New European' writers?
And if Brexit happens they will starve with a labour government anyway and we might have food water and medicin shortages which I don't think will help either. Food prices will rise as well and I can't see how that benefits anyone that you're talking about here.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Clever fella that Trump
Anyone heard anything more about this?
lol honestly, fucken lol
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now does anybody wonder about the output of this shit?
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
Aren’t , not the Lib Dims (whose leader and ex-Leader forgot to turn up to a vote on the EU, no less), the third Party in Westminster?
#Trump is quite clever at times, admittedly in a mendacious way, but still, you have to wonder how much of his persona is just that, when he's sneaky like this
I rather think that is an advantage not a problem. The problem is when a supposedly democratic government deliberately subverts and seeks to overrule the expressed will of the people (as in Brexit), because the only option left is violent overthrow and civil war.
Just heard on the wireless that Wet Wet Wet are touring without Marti Pellow. A maddening glimpse in to post Brexit Britain there.
I am fed up with Brexit. Let's leave Europe and done with it.
After arguing over #Brexit for 2,5 Years.... The are now going to have a Major 5-Day Public #BrexitShambles Row, in Parliament, under the full glare of TV Cameras &amp; World Media Coverage.
The withdrawal agreement is a complete sell out
Too true.....come an election who does one vote for?
They used to sneer at her, smear her and attempted to unseat her. But no more. is rightly respected as one of the sanest voices on Brexit. Her constituency is now majority Remain-leaning. Contrast her logic with the inane Brexity bleatings of Dorries, Jenkyns and co.
It's the revelations of pedophilia that they're worried about
US president, 2015: "If you break away from the EU, you'll be in the back of the line for trade with us." US president, 2018: "If you don't break away from the EU completely, you won't be able to trade with us."
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' Speaking to reporters outside the White House, he said he didn't think Theresa May meant to make a deal that would mean the UK wouldn't be able to trade with the US. #Brexit #BrexitMeansBrexit #WWG1WGA
I don't know the exact details of the deal. But its unlikely to get through parliament anyway judging by the current reaction. May has said she won't preside over a no deal Brexit, so she will resign. After that fuck knows. Maybe a 2nd ref...
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now does anybody wonder about the output of this shit?
Brexit: The five questions everyone's asking Google - BBC News
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's nice that you can be so carefree with other peoples lives, just as long as you get what you want, but you are incorrect,,,
Iain Duncan Smith is struggling to support May's Brexit deal via
Delighted that our very own could participate in this panel and talk about the EU and the community and voluntary sector and our own #communicatingeurope project. Thanks for the opportunity!
But you can: ignore largest democratic fraud &amp; Russian interference in Brexit ref (no interviews for - just slander) 15 days until vote in HoC - time is running out.
Watch and enjoy. Brexit WILL happen. No Deal.
Ok what about Mars, no Brexit or Trump people, but you can only listen to music made after 2006?
#DAX broke 40 Monthly MA - #Eurozone and #Brexit #worries maybe. See #bitcoin dropping unison with DAX &amp; how #Gold going up on worries (I blacked out one of the coloured bars for each example to better illustate what I mean) Hope not going to mess up #santarally #crypto #btc $btc
Well, that asshole we elected has everyone laughing at us too. Some very rich people used psy ops and got the world Brexit and Trump. The two are related.
That’s something to prepare for for after the transition period
The moment when even Donald Trump of all people doesn't #BackTheBrexitDeal.
Going ahead with Brexit now we know what it really would (and wouldn't) mean is akin to going ahead with a Tinder date after being confronted with the fact that the 'person' with dog face filters in the profile is an actual dog who was using human filters.
The further north you go, as demonstrated by the results map, the less interest they had in freedom of movement(around Europe). If they were concerned about visa free travel in Europe they wouldn’t have voted Brexit.
The London Crouch End Choir, the Czech National Symphony and #EnnioMorricone at the O2 arena! Proud to be British, Czech, Italian, proud to be European! For a brief moment I forgot about all this #Brexit nonsense. The ecstasy of the #PeoplesVote awaits!!
OMG LOL
FFS.... - what is this?
We have had 3 votes. MEP;s, Brexit and the General Election. How many times do we have to vote on it before remoaners accept we want to leave?
is another avid Sun reader alongside . These must be desperate. Imagine that the only newspaper that will publish your right wing nonsense is .
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now does anybody wonder about the output of this shit?
#Brexit Politics. #Chaos As Mrs May Offers Sweetener Knighthoods.
have the weakest wage growth, worst pensions,14million in poverty, high amount of homeless, a social security system being bared back, a great NHS being ruined and public services stretched to the limit. And 2 brexit arseholes in power and a wannabee. Dark Money planned this all
OK that's ones more a combo of brexit imagery and corbyn
The Mini Cooper has gone all #brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
They are now threatening a Market Crash If the second vote after this one fails doesn't pass. Sound familiar? 2008, Obama takes office and makes US taxpayers bail out the Banks that caused the mess under threat of Marshall Law and Blood in the streets..
Noticeable that the only people supporting May's "deal" are Remainers - proof, if it was needed, that this is a ruse to remain under EU control and not achieve Brexit with all it's opportunities.
Can Number 10 say what they're on? I think I'd like to try it myself..........
Quidquid id est, timeo Danaos et dona ferentes. #Surprise!
and under Labour we would be going backwards! What's Labours stand on Brexit, anyone know whether they are leave or remain????????
Trump’s is a pathological liar and a sociopath. He doesn’t believe in climate change but he believes Guatemalan toddlers are a threat to the United States. However, I’m happy to accept he’s a Brexit true believer.
#PeterLavelle "the saga known as #Brexit...is the stage being set to...end the #Syria-n conflict...why is #MI6 scrambling to stop #Trump?" Much as I enjoy these gentlemen, they've drunk the #KhashoggiCoolAid too
Great article 're "What happens next? The five Brexit scenarios" I look forward to hopefully meeting you this evening on as am due to appear following my first appearance with on Friday.
How many are escaping Brexit Britain?
Acc. to the Guardian 226 Tories are likely to vote for and 90 against. Overall the Graun has it going down by an unbelievable 179 votes. They only have one Labour MP (Caroline Flint) supporting the deal, which seems unlikely. All the same, it looks doomed.
Despicable response. I work with people in fuel poverty. I see Daniel Blakes every day #IAmDanielBlake.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Can’t comment on the WithdrawalAgreemeny itself but when reading this remember that Trump is right about everything and had a keen eye for detail.
If I was the EU I would now be sure the deal is shite and start renegotiations!
We had to share this #trade #business #robo-tweeter
You know more about it than me. I'm just briefing myself at the moment. Personally, even though it's going to be painful, I cannot see any other option for the UK than a No Deal Brexit. May has screwed up big time Bernie.
Absolutely not and the economy won’t grow without it - see Brexit! I’m against unfettered processes for global companies. Their role is not job creation it is purely profit driven for the exclusive few.
Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit
Firstly you’re equating all leave voters as having Nationalistic motives, which is nonsense &amp; secondly I support brexit because I support our democratic system - otherwise, what’s the point in any of us ever voting again.
It's a better option and the majority of the Conservative Party, Labour, LD's, SNP and perhaps DUP might back it. The big issue is FOM (UK) and the Backstop (EU) will/can either let go of these. After 525 days this option hasn't been put forward, probably due to the Brexit Ultras
EU Approves Agreement on Brexit Kitchen - See What's Cooking
Brexit deal: How the numbers stack up against Theresa May - Sky News
Superb thread for anyone looking at Brexit and trade in services implications.
If you think Brexit is complex, time-consuming, and expensive, just imagine what unpicking Scotland from UK would be. No way would it be as cheap and quick as Salmond promised.
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now does anybody wonder about the output of this shit?
It's not Luton. It's not football. It's not even Brexit. But it's quite cool.
Brits parlement stemt 11 december over Brexit -
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
#Brexit doing wonders for popularity of EU amongst its member states #Poland
It did, and once they got us a referendum there wasn't much need. But the two main reason artsy are not willing to deliver a clean Brexit and people are worried about Sharia Law, so who knows ?
Let's face it, the #Brexit referendum, naively called by Cameron, poorly campaigned, and pathetically negotiated, has destroyed this country. Whatever happens, c.50% will never forgive. We are a bitterly divided nation and this ludicrous Prime Minister will never unite us.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Remember the Rochdale Cowboy? Bit of a legend and his letter is every bit as good as his songs. Have a read - maybe even give it a share. Polite comments welcome - this is not about politics, it's about the future of the UK.
This is precisely why Brexit happened in the first place and centrists still don’t understand why. This was and is a Tory problem and nothing to do with Labour
His assessment of the Brexit deal sounds spot on
Activists demand UK environment watchdog in Brexit trade deal | Politics
These are Farage’s words in his mate Trump’s ear - “tell them it’s all the EU, put the wind up Theresa May” he would have said.
Wow what a Brexit legend your brother is -
Instead of plunging headlong into this #Brexit #disaster for the sake of the Conservative Party's pride, let's give the British people the final say on the deal and the option to reject the Conservatives' broken deal. Demand a People's Vote &gt;
BREAKING: The parliamentary vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal will be held on December 11
Oh. My. God. Mike Harding, I think I *LOVE* you.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
No. Read the figures again CAREFULLY. Brexit wasn't about economics. It was about sovereignty. In the long term this country will be much better off outside the EU, and not just economically.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Oh yeah, this was from a couple of days ago. He blocked us en masse after we didn't take well to his "grow up or I'll let Brexit happen" line.
But this is netball ! Every match !! Feel the excitement ... Brexit will no longer dominate the headlines when this takes off ...
World Trade Organisation and Brexit via
May v Johnson is the best debate Corbyn doesnt have an opinion on #brexit. He has a Changing position to suit the press.
Would agree with points 1-4 but you could roll the dice 1,000 times and point 5 was always having a cast iron #IrishBackstop preventing a #HardBorder . When you leave the club the rules of the remaining members come first. Thanks for this
#World #News Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected: May LONDON: Prime Minister Theresa May warned on Monday that Britain would be thrust into the unknown if parliament rejects the Brexit deal she has negotiated with the European Uni…
Or perhaps when she called those upset by the referendum “the sneering liberal metropolitan elite?” Or when she called people who see themselves as citizens of the world “citizens of nowhere?” Or when she described those expressing doubt about Brexit “doomsayers” &amp; “saboteurs?”
A globalist president would have said it sounds like "PM May secured a great deal for her people &amp; parliament should pass it"
F*ck the government...#brexit
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now does anybody wonder about the output of this shit?
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says Because doesn't like all our safeguards and high standards to suit the rubbish some of the USA produce rather than their good stuff.
#DonaldTrump dumps on Theresa May's #Brexit deal
Too reductive. Chunks of Labour and the Tories want to both remain and leave. EU have also indicated before a willingness to play into extra time if the thing is a draw. Corbyn-led soft Brexit far from an impossibility. Personally think no deal is least likely outcome.
We should not take support for granted. She continues to be a remarkable friend to our community.
Get on with it? No, May’s #Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
My MP!
Europe’s door is still open – but Britain will have to move fast | Timothy Garton Ash #peoplesvote #brexitshambles
Ahem... it's amazing what goodwill and the prospects of governmental collapse can produce 1/
Don't think that won't sell the UK down the river to get his brexit. He is 100% untrustworthy
We already trade with the US. He means the NHS will be protected from US insurance and healthcare corporations destroying it in a hard Brexit. It's a good thing. Remaining would be better.
#Brexit - solid analysis by Wolfgang Münchau from FT. His key point: take the deal. The alternative is no deal or a worse deal, like Greece had to face when the first deal was rejected (in government sponsored referendum).
(Channel 4):May defends #Brexit deal to sceptical #MPs : Theresa May has pleaded with MPs to back her Brexit deal. She claimed the British people wanted the Commons to get on with it and not send the Brexit process "back to square one". ..
No deal with UK after brexit comingout?
Don’t hold your breath, Fabian. She said “Brexit means Brexit”, “No deal is better than a bad deal” and promised “Strong and Stable Government”. Wouldn’t put too much faith in what she says, or plan on her being around much longer. The “PMs deal”? We’d laugh if not crying.
I'm sorry you think that but again Brexit is the more urgent issue that will do all of that without the need for it to be government policy and it will again be practically irreversible.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
I think this is one of the funniest, ignorant Brexit replies ever! It’s so sad as well as exasperating when Brexiters lack understanding but are full of confidence to comment when they’d be better off staying silent.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The Gravity Model of Trade applies to services too. #Brexit
Meet “Project Vote,” The Crack Team Set Up To Save Theresa May’s Brexit - BuzzFeed UK- Odd that she can do this now &amp; failed miserably to do this to leave the EU. As a taxpayer I don’t want to fund a crack team to GIVE the EU.
I have been struck, working close to govt in recent years, how very much of civil service agenda is driven by implementing and administering EU legislation, which of course we always do punctiliously, sometimes gold-plating. You can see why they hate Brexit.
Marianne Faithfull: ‘Finally understood’ - BBC Newsnight #paris #brexit #wisdom #mariannefaithful
Trump has no idea what Brexit is.
view on Brexit. Why can't we have a leader like him.
ok I will try and be more tactile.... as aunty is non bias. What does the current declaration about the post Brexit relationship on trade say about the future framework of this deal.
Mrs May faces a choice: go to back to Brussels to try to renegotiate the deal; pivot towards another strategy such as the softer Brexit Norway option; or announce that she is preparing for no deal
"Media full of how Brexit will be so good"? Which media? Polls showed a Remain lead throughout the 2016 ref - polls need to be at least 60-40 to be confident that opinion has shifted. Whatever happens, there's no way we're ever going back to how things were before 2016.
Yet Brexit is predicted to have 25 -50 yrs according to some reports. And Scotland would be hit the worst. Seems there's only one solution. Independence and control of our own economy and finance.
Hear hear. Furthermore, is it ever respectful to choose to interpret a bare decision (to leave EU) as a complex one (to Leave EU in a given way)?
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Proving protesting is far more British than Brexit
As she tries to sell her vision of Brexit to a wary, and weary, nation, Theresa May has a few cards she can try to play (via )
Trump believes in #Brexit, simply because it makes the UK weak. Anyone who fails to grasp this very basic fact doesn't deserve a blue tick...
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
Although the sum total of what Trump knows and understands about the EU and Brexit would fit on one of those really, really small post-it notes...probably with room to spare.
And Corbyn knows that. More deceit and lies. No one should ever trust this man.
[EURONEWS] Raw Politics: May sells Brexit deal, Ukraine-Russia and womens rights |
Why don’t all MPs ask the public now?........if every MP held a yes no ballot in their own constituency and voted according to the result we would get a vote in the commons that actually reflected the will of the people. #Brexit
[World] Donald Trump warns Theresa May’s Brexit deal could stop US-UK trade
"Now the scale of the appalling mismanagement of [Brexit] negotiations has become apparent, led by the Prime Minister, I can confirm that I have now submitted a letter to the Chairman of the 1922 committee calling for a Leadership election to take place"
No fool like an old fool...only want you for the money honey....walk away while you can.....
Such an interesting and thought-provoking article by journalist ! So many connections between Russia, Trump and Brexit, and so much we do not know yet. Definitely read this article!
Remainers/Leavers: I highly recommend you read this Guardian Article by Polly Toynbee before you get sucked into May’s misleading EU Withdrawal promises: Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
Rachael Swindon #GTTO 14h14 hours ago Theresa May has been advised to do a ‘mini election campaign’ and has challenged Jeremy Corbyn to a live Brexit TV debate. I believe Mr Corbyn has...
How can he let Brexit happen when he can’t even tell whose talking to him?
We could have had 27 friends backing us. But it looks like we're all by ourselves. Feels a little cold in Brexit-land, doesn't it? Even Trump isn't really interested in us.
That’s the point no one knows what deal was implied by the result that’s why we’re in this mess - no one truly knew what the end result would be. He doesn’t need to have a plan for Brexit because he’s not a minister in government, unlike some...
You're making out like I want Brexit. I'm saying they're inseparable. The only solution is a solution which gets rid of the Tories and stops Brexit. We've massively went off on a tangent. We disagree on whether Lab offers this.
Well where do we go now?. The country voted to leave the EU. We now have Mays deal or we leave the EU without a deal. (Mays deal is a half way house If they drop the BACK STOP) FAILURE we revert back to the BREXIT VOTE AND LEAVE THE EU COMPLETELY,
Theresa May has been told Britain faces 'SURRENDER' to the EU over #Berxit and warned her deal will NEVER get through Parliament
The public needs to know Brexit is bad for your health, warns doctor turned Tory rebel
considering how ill informed the #Brexit referendum was, has anyone asked for how often, the geographic and/or the demographic of the no deal whitepapers? Personally I think that would make interesting reading...
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
Aye cos companies run on a good heart, not profitability. Why are retards like this allowed to ruin our country? #Brexit
Trump has convinced me staying in the EU would be the best result for the UK! #BrexitShambles
U.K. and Brexit
This. Yes, this. This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral your plan is going well. #WarOnThePoor #Brexit damages my home, my life, my present, my future. Thanks, but no thanks.
Brexit terms will allow new UK-U.S. trade deal, PM May's office says
Brexit will remove those protections workers get from the EU and no labour government will last forever.
'Blessed are the poor, for they shall disinherit Northern Ireland and Gibraltar' ... John Crace
It's the Govemeister's secret plan
Is it EU regulations that are responsible for making modern kids toy packaging absolutely impenetrable without power tools and industrial bolt cutters? Because if so I may have changed my mind about Brexit.
[BBC] Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade |
May's Office: Brexit Accord Means U.K. Can Do U.S. Trade Deal Spokesman For May Responds To Trump's Comments
And that's within hours of signing the Withdrawal deal. May is just so naive or a saboteur of Brexit
If May's #Brexit deal included getting rid of the "This website uses cookies" banners I'd vote for that shit all day
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
What else is needed to convince #TheresaMay her #Brexit deal is rubbish and so is #Brexit ?! #StopBrexit Now
That's another fail from you blue belt. Here's one. Now take your little belt, do us all a favour and tie it around your neck. Thanks
I don’t think we necessarily disagree on Brexit, Colette. Not sure the whole thing is about private landlords though.
Avaaz: May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
For my records
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #IndyRef2
And who decides when that period ends or is extended?
Well done, Vicar, but....it'll fall on deaf ears, as pathways in these brains are blocked, those which lead to empathy and compassion sections , that is. However, the paths to 'statistics' &amp; £$£s r WIDE OPEN, thus, it's ALL they can see. Nowt else bothers them, even if we die.
That makes too much common sense....
I'm thoroughly fed up of Brexit. But I'm not delusional enough to think that May's deal means the end. It's just the beginning. Personally I think Brexit is more likely to lead to far right resurgence, particularly May's brexit. She's giving them permission to hate others.
Total bollocks Mrs May
Or you just could prop up the spiteful Tories and get more austerity, Universal Credit, bedroom tax, hostile environment, DWP caused deaths, homelessness, NHS crisis, social care crisis, rail crisis, housing crisis &amp; a very Shit Brexit. So yea, May out &amp; Corbyn in please.
So May has now isolated our greatest ally! She’s a disaster.
The problem for May’s “back my deal or get no deal (or no Brexit)” spin is that either of those alternatives would be better than May’s “deal”.
Obligation to what? A dictatorial organisation that hasn't had its accounts studied for longer than a PLC/LTD Co CEO would be in prison for if he failed to be audited?
#EU court rejects Britons' anti-Brexit case - BBC News
#EU court rejects Britons' anti-Brexit case - BBC News
Britain may not be allowed to trade with the US under the terms of Theresa May’s Brexit deal, ... via
Farage’s SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
Lying destructive anti-western hooey
And how will it be funded after Brexit?
We heard this all at the beginning of Brexit, all proved totally wrong, so shut you ridiculous specimen of humanity. One really have to think why anyone would vote for you! You offer nothing to voters apart from wind &amp; water!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
At least you can be happy in the knowledge that you'll leave office being the best at something... The best worst prime minister in the history of Britain, made thousands homeless, plunged millions into poverty and completely botched Brexit. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionTrump: Brexit agreement "great deal for EU" Donald Trump has suggested the Brexit deal struck by Theresa May may make US-UK...
Theresa tryna sell her #Brexit deal
You know what. Shut up, whilst I spend every waking hour trying to stop Brexit without an opposition party. Thank you
It's pretty obvious that all the racist scum trump supporters are all gung ho for hard brexit, if it wasn't clear before.
Absolutely, incontrovertibly, indubitably correct. Every. Single. Point. Nailed.
Oh boy.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The Tories are split on mays brexit deal, left and right If labour had an effective leader we would be nailing the lid on the damn mess by now But Corbyn wants brexit He is betraying us all And finishing labour
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
The #UK government published draft guidance that explains the changes that will be made to UK #copyright law in the event of a "no deal" #Brexit.
Brexit: Trump says May’s deal ‘more difficult’ for US-UK trade
Brexit deal approval #bestOfToday via
While US allies in Europe wonder what President Trump will do next to weaken NATO, they're missing another threat to European security: #Brexit
I’ve come to the conclusion that rather than wanting to go back to the Empire, Brexiters want to go back to Elizabethan times. JRM as Sir Francis Drake, Bojo as Sir Walter Raleigh. Pirates and buccaneers. Wonder what happened to Raleigh?
#december11 will be the date that the #WithdrawalAgreement will be defeated in the UK Parliament | #brexit #nobrexit #peoplesvote #meaningfulvote
Because that requires the agreement of the European Union.
PM #BrexitDeal does not honour British people choice to Leave #EU instead its a surrender to #EU. Breakup of United Kingdom. #BREXIT has become #Bremain
If the callers to Nigel Farage show are any indicator of where we are, No Deal Brexit was and is the will of the people, all 17+ millions. So, there you have it. That "deal" thingy, is just some wussy remainers' kerfuffle. #brexit #NoDealBrexit #NoDeal #PeoplesVote #NigelFarage
It s funny how the remain arguement has changed in that the "peoples" vote on the current situation is vote to accept the deal or vote to remain. This isn't what the refdm did, we voted to leave, so the vote should be take the shit deal and remain, or vote out on WTO..
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
there have been many interviews, articles and tv appearances of people who felt they were conned...
Please do the honourable thing and now RESIGN
Do not assume the UK will avoid a no-deal #Brexit via
So what sort of wonderful change do you "Imagine" will come out of Brexit?
Bet half of them are Brexit refugees... and good luck to them.
SHE needs to assure her commission out of the deal she is trying to sell to all the morons who believe her or fall on her DECEITFUL BREXIT
Corruption, bribery &amp; deception from as she appears to offer Rebel MPs peerages for votes. via
That’s lovely Jeremy, but perhaps you could oppose Brexit if you get a moment?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I've been hearing that for two years now and it keeps on not happening. Meanwhile, the ERG still have far more to oppose May then the 'Labour Centrists' have done to oppose Corbyn in the House of Commons on Brexit.
Wow, he just spoke an eightletter word! Negative! #Brexit #BrexitDeal
I guess getting someone Scottish didn't figure for .
President Trump slams May &amp; her brexit deal saying the deal is good for the EU &amp; endangers a UK-US trade deal.He is right, May's deal traps the UK in the CU,stuck with EU rules &amp; stops trade deals.Thank you Trump for speaking out against May's betrayal rt
And anyone else who can tell the truth about Brexit. Maybe they should just do a bunch of Morecambe and Wise sketches. "And what will Brexit deliver?". "Four candles..."
..as if President Donald Trump ( wealth entirely inherited) is a great judge on a UK Brexit deal.....( give me a break !!)
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Did we expect anything else ?
So which Brexit did you vote for and have you won it?
The only thing better than Burnley losing? ..... #Brexit .
No debate as they both support Brexit. We need
What's the point given that they're both different sides of the same coin. Invite and make it a real debate.
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
What about Hoey, Mann. Stringer &amp; Skinner- those are the Labour Brexit bastards....
Why the Treasury’s Brexit forecasts will be almost irrelevant
On the one hand May says we will cause more division &amp; uncertainty if we reject her deal - on the other she kicks Brexit so far down the road that we have no end date to delivering upon the vote.
Blackmail, pure and simple.
"Just press the button to stop Brexit... No, not that button!!!"
Why? One word: de-regulation
Theresa May has been told Britain faces 'SURRENDER' to the EU over #Brexit and warned her deal will NEVER get through Parliament #BrexitDeal
Where is Brexit?
What scares and saddens me is how many on the left voted for Brexit because of old old Tony Benn interview from decades ago slagging off the EU. That seems enough for so many to chose to be on the same side of history as the far right.
Staggering reading - take a look (particularly if a fan of graphs!)
You live in a world where there’s no working class people at dinner parties, says more about your prejudices &amp; hang ups than me.
Donald #Trump slams Theresa #May's #Brexit deal and warns it will harm UK-US trade'
US Pres. Trump: Brexit agreement as it stands means UK may not be able to trade with US -
Morten Morland on Theresa May selling her Brexit deal – #BrexitChaos #finalsay #PeoplesVoteon #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave – political cartoon gallery in London
Labour: on the whole, a waste of space.
We're starting to regret fighting the Nazis.
The Donald (POTUS) chimes in on Fexit deal, not impressed... "Sounds like a great deal for EU, Theresa!" The God-Emporer, at...
You know when #may brexit deal is so wrong when she wants to throw money away for nothing rather than save it
Former Conservative and Unionist Party candidate Proud Ulster man Bertie Armstrong
If she sends someone else this time he should not play her game but walk away.
With friends like these.............
#DonaldTrump: #Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Well look where Corbyn on a Brexit ticket has got us. The potential for thousands more jobs to go &amp; Corbyn wants Brexit even if May goes. How you lot can square that with the Labour party Constitution beats me. (20 years a Branch Official) years fighting for Workers Rights Gone
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
Worth a read, if you weren't convinced that May's deal was bad, read this.
Theresa has negotiated a GREAT DEAL - for the EU, and the rich businessmen who back her. A clear majority voted for BREXIT, not to remain half in, and waste another £60 billion on the EU! We trade with the rest world without surrendering sovereignty or vast sums of money.
When they get #CorbynOut
It's typical for the whole Brexit. It's not thought to the end.
Good news for #Uzbekistan and the #EU. Doubt UK will offer or receive similar terms post-Brexit. Via
Well in lads. You available for bookings. Think Brexit broozers would love a class band.
#Trump on #Brexit agreement: ‘Sounds like a great deal for the EU’
In a nutshell...
It really is and brexit has made it so much worse.
If May can't get her deal through Parliament her team will start blaming everyone else. Just remember, she sidelined two Brexit secretaries and took full control of the Brexit talks. This is her responsibility, good or bad...
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Boris: We need brexit reee! also Boris: No, not like that :(
Good luck! You have growing support but bear in mind its got to be x-party so don't slag off Corbyn or May too much unlike Vince! #PeoplesVoteNow #newsnight
So Frank Field and Caroline Flint are supporting May. The former is already in the departure lounge, the latter’s CLP should start the process of deselection. #BrexitShambles
This Brexit March if sanctioned must then have the necessary authorisations. Lammy's plans to disrupt this is anti democratic.
Let us hope you are right.
Reminds us of Tory promises on Brexit, rail privatisation, outsourcing public services etc. “It’ll cost less”but somehow always ends up costing the public or consumer purse more...
THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
The paranoid fantasy behind Brexit – podcast Brutal analysis of Broken Britain. #GreenYes for Scotland
I will be glad when the Brexit furore has died down. It has been horribly divisive and has brought out the worst in people on both sides of the argument. We need to work together to make Brexit work!
I will always lobby my MP to oppose this terrible record on our society, brexit no different. Just another example of Mays failure
One of both or both. 2021
Translation: "We want the #UK to be uncompetitive, and to remain that way." #Brexit #News #BrexitDeal #NoDealBrexit #Conservatives
Every cloud ...
If you believe that he has one iota of a clue about the UK EU deal your a moron. A full blown, unrivalled, idiot. He doesn't. He is just making it up as he goes along.
Thank you Mr President #BackTheBrexitDeal
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 - this is nearly the NHS budget - lost every year.
when will northern ireland be a republic of ireland help with brexit staying in the eu
Oh yes you do. You assume that Corbyn is pro Brexit despite the evidence
FUCK THE GOVERNMENT... #BREXIT
Before we the country pick a new LEADER is there sameone with a testifying terminology AND truthful answer to BREXIT. before we ACT quicksilver on all of this.
If you don’t like the Brexit deal - please sign this
PM on all fronts
Brexit deal: How the numbers stack up against Theresa May
Anyone with the pro hard Brexit Corbyn GTTO hashtag in their name who tweets me with the #FakeNews that Corbyn is pro Remain and it's a long game gets blocked! Tired of dealing with scum who want to see the NHS destroyed &amp; millions suffer just to see their god get into power!
Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit deal: "Failed and miserable" negotiations - BBC ... #brexitsituation #nationalinstituteforeconomicandsocialresearch #britisheconomy #thisisengland
We need an informed #PeoplesVote. Go and ! Anyone know where is? No need to ask about - they're full speed towards the cliff edge + self-destruct.
What a national disgrace this is! Let’s face traitors like #Gove #Leadsom #Grayling #Javid #Hunt #Hammond are all toast if this deal goes down! They have betrayed #Brexit and their country!
Have you filled in Antoinette Sandbach’s Eddisbury survey? Our local MP wants to hear your views on the current Brexit situation... #mytarporley
How will the historians be writing this up, I wonder. What will children be taught in school in centuries to come about this Brexit Hokey Cokey? #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Trump has England more at heart then our government and labour
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Hmmmm, a #Brexit debate featuring two pro-Brexit parties... that's not much of a debate is it?! Now, get on there and you've got a show... #peoplesVote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Its her deal or no deal the lady said !!..We are better off remaining in the EU where we do at least have the protection of the EU courts from potential dictatorships !!.....For ALL our sakes Brexit must be stopped !! #FBPE #StopBrexit #ToriesOut
The UK’s Royal Navy will support Britain’s fishing fleet in the wake of recent clashes between British &amp; French fishermen in the English Channel.
Philip Hammond 'to lead Cabinet exodus' if Theresa May goes for no-deal #Brexit
The Netherlands promised a “decent solution” for British residents should the UK leave the EU without a deal.
Legislators on both sides hate the deal, a compromise that keeps Britain outside the EU with no say but still subject to the rules and the obligations of membership at least until the end of 2020 while a permanent new relationship is worked out.
You’ve totally checked out of Brexit haven’t you; after landing us all in the s...! Shame on you.
US President Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK - US trade
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
US President Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK - US trade
Look at this, you brain dead fool. I know you are a mad Remainer but you are supposed to be Shadow Brexit Secretary.
obviously it’s much worse than the deal we already had and it isn’t what the particularly extreme brexit wing want, but we are where we are
Birmingham Brexit report strengthens second referendum case
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade -
Trump warns Brexit may harm UK-US trade
No shit
Build a platform for Steve Bray!
[BBC] Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade |
She obviously misread the part of the BREXIT referendum results that said the people voted to leave, not remain.
Donald Trump getting involved in #Brexit?
Leading Brexit is no longer the path to power so he’s lost interest in doing so.
Let me be absolutely clear, the people want me to be absolutely clear. The people said to be clear on brexit, so I will be clear about the people and Brexit clear people brexit people clear. Thank you.
She's selling us all down the river
Bank of France governor pushes Paris as post-#Brexit clearing hub, from , , and in -
So dumb if they have priced in first vote loss the money will not be on a second. Market chaos will be on her staying. Money to be made on new leadership. Meet “Project Vote,” The Crack Team Set Up To Save Theresa May’s Brexit
It is all very well writing to #Corbyn but will he take a Jeremy Kyle lie detector test on how he really voted in the #Brexit ref?
I don't get why people think an election would change anything. Labour have been clear that they want Brexit and the EU isn't suddenly going to give in to a deal involving unicorns just because it's Labour doing the asking...
It's not about having a debating competition. It's a beautiful political tactical move. No strategy to it however. Pure Cameron.
unroll
Please #Swindon #MPs &amp; how will each of you vote? I do not want Corbyn in power. Maybe we should have a centre right party pro #Brexit
This was the task she set herself. She chose this. Spent far more time giving sound bites for tabloids than managing expectations and delivering. “Brexit means Brexit” could have meant something else. Don’t blame Opposition for making promises in government not kept..
"The government" you refer to is no longer in power, and (to remind you) there is now no majority government. Your question, and the point you were trying to make, are irrelevant. What *is* relevant is the consistent polling that shows that the nation no longer wants Brexit.
Many of the Brexit backbenchers would be happy with no deal. Just for the craic
What about Brexit? Great story but for Christ sake man talk about Brexit and lead the opposition!!!
Donald Trump Rubbishes Theresa May&amp;#039;s Brexit Agreement: &amp;#039;Sounds Like A Great Deal For The EU&amp;#039; #Heal...
I still don't think #brexit will happen But in the unlikely chance that it does The most senior #UKIP politician thereafter Will be a local councillor. Every cloud has a silver lining
It appears that even an idiot can see it's a bad deal.
Cruel my arse, she owns this catastrophe #Brexit
US companies are leaving China...UK may not be able to trade with U.S. in #Brexit deal
Trump slams Mays deal!
Two-thirds of Britons want May v Corbyn Brexit debate - Sky Data poll
This brilliant response to 's Brexit letter is going viral
Why should any #EU court have any power over #Britain? This is #globalism. It kills #sovereignty
Lammy’s having another one of his meltdowns with fake news. The trouble is he actually convinces himself of the tripe he picks up, but everyone with a brain knows it is BS. But he does provide a laugh!
Serves her right. The Cameron fella brought Obama into referendum. So now Donald Trump voluntarily puts his twopence into the ring. In the nation's interests Teresa. Does Brexit not help your hubby's ( Gorbils) business deals
No Brexit
Theresa May revives #Brexit dividend 'lie' in bid to sell deal to public and MPs - Brexit lies from #Conservatives May, never!! via
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
If only Trump could blame it on #brexit like all the remoaners here do. BBC News - GM to slash jobs and close eight plants
Absolutely - now get on with it
I understand that that has been put in place. But it still seems that the mayor invests more time in all this "LGBT" anti Brexit, responding to mean "hate" tweets
#AgLaw HotLink: "CURRENT BREXIT PLAN NO GOOD FOR U.S. FARMERS" #Brexit #farmers #agriculture #trade
EXCLUSIVE: Far-Left Group Who Attacked Rees-Mogg TARGET Working-Class Brexit March via
Brexit had brought some real nastiness to the surface in Britain. I suspect it was always there but nasty people stayed silent or only expressed their nastiness to other nasty people. A combination of Dave's Referendum &amp; social media means we all see this stuff. It's still wrong
Farage’s SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade #eudk #Brexit via
Fact checking Kuensy, go lady!
UK Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says current Foreign Secretary, Jeremy Hunt MP
Everyone moaning about Corbyn tweeting about something non Brexit related. Read the article. Then fuck off and get a life.
Today's real world news: Chinese scientist clones human babies Russia in new Ukraine aggression. Lest we forget and get distracted by Trump tweets, Brexit politics or TSD chapters in EU trade agreements.
Stick to your own fucking dumpster fire and we’ll deal with ours. Asshat.
Donald Trump warns Theresa May about her Brexit deal
Theresa May's Brexit deal could cost UK £100bn over a decade
#Brexit and the global economy
Jacob Rees Mogg was quoting the 25-50 yrs of austerity after Brexit. Why would he say that when he is an avid Brexiteer.
Yes, ECHR doesn't "require" or mandate expat voting, but where it has been allowed (e.g. for Irish in Ref), it presumably shouldn't be arbitrarily/discriminatorily not allowed for other EU27? Also Brexit Ref fails most of those tests in para 34 on the guide on Art3 Protocol No1.
We are in a catch22 land, we cannot win. Brexit has been ripped from us. Which ever way you look Brexit is dead. you know what? I don't give a flying f$%^k anymore.
Brexit consequence approximately will cost average of £1000 per person per year in UK. Nice one to add to loss of rights, culture, security and commonwealth in the EU.
I'm going to go out on a limb and suggest that the people "bored of Brexit" and those who voted leave/abstained are a Venn circle.
Bored with Brexit? How patronising, Mrs May
The WA settles nothing whatsoever - it signifies only the *beginning* of working out what Brexit actually means.
What is going on?
Yes without them worrying about what policies these unelected idiots in the EU will inflict on them in the future
Missed the point entirely - the main Brexit proponents are taking away rights from millions of British people, many of whom did not have a say in the matter whilst ensuring that they and their families maintain those rights by use of privilige and financial advantage
Two years in, there are still more questions than answers when it comes to #Brexit and #procurement. But there are some ways you can be proactive and mitigate the potential risks. Check out what our analysts have to say on the topic:
Why Brits are suddenly talking about the 2008 Wall Street bailout via
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Jeremy, good that Lab oppose the deal but it is not good that you are not backing REMAIN. Two Brexit backing parties, neither supportable. I voted for you twice but i won't vote for you again if you continue to back BREXIT. Time to become the largest Remain party and support PV
Politico: Trump on Brexit agreement: ‘Sounds like a great deal for the EU’ #EnergyUnion
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Sorry forgot you only have proper brexit players who don’t get involved in any cheating noncence Andy
I've got a feeling that Russia would not be so bold, and Ukraine not be in this position, had Trump and Brexit not plunged the USA, Britain, NATO and the EU into a semi-chaotic state of self-reflection.
U.K. currency flat after #Brexit accord reached
. Brexit deal does not deliver the Referendum result. Remaining part of the EU Customs Union and subservient to Brussels is not what the British people voted for.
Wrong question. We need a balanced discussion so and MUST be part of the debate. Otherwise it's #Brexit vs #Brexit We demand a #PeoplesVote
No deal it is then. Which is pretty much what I voted for.
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU' | via
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Though Brexit is actually a mutually danafing deal. But I take your point.
Mr Baker, it’s about time you and the other Brexit politicians grew a pair and start to revolt. I don’t care if it brings down this PM in fact I hope it does she has been woeful, possibly the second most hated after Blair. For gods sake get it sorted we the people are behind you.
I doubt that anyone believes the Tory press any more...
A wonderful example of British ingenuity.
I don't blame you one bit! Any M.P. that votes for this horrendous deal is a sell out and a traitor.
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit plan as 'a great deal for the EU'
Mason-Damus strikes again.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Mike finds the tiny flaw in an otherwise excellent idea
Brexit and Trump seem to have given people a free reign to say absolutely anything they want
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now is anybody surprised about the output of this shit?
More fake news from him?
As a remainer I accepted it. Stop worrying about Brexit. Whatever happens we'll still be living like kings compared to most of the world. #doesntmatter
Ozzy Osbourne doesn't know what Brexit is
I agree : Let's pause BREXIT to investigate the criminal activity that has taken place.
Hilarious.
Post Brexit.. UK will be free of artificial colour, preservatives and conservatives
Thanks, but I’ll run that past my dog. She’s better informed on Brexit than Trump.
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 Considerably more than Farage spends on fags and beer then.
Why are there three Tories to one Labour, one Lib Dem and no SNP or Green MPs
Haha Tango man not a clue what he is talking about here. Very happy I’m my assumption that it just one big game
She’s chosen a red white and blue Brexit jacket ..,
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
We already figured that out, but thanks for your duty in bringing us this game-changing news!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
"democracy"?
Labour's approach is practical opposition to the Government's brexit strategy. Letting it all happen and then hoping for a new public vote that Remain doesn't lose is hardly stopping brexit. Labour's policy delivers. Like a quick, uniting decision to reject the deal.
Brexit terms will allow new UK-U.S. trade deal, PM May's office says via #breakingnews #news
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! #brexitDeal
Another reason to dislike Raab. He's willing to write in the Scum newspaper. You can tell a lot about a person who is willing to do that.
What benefits would you gain by a hard Brexit? Best deal for the UK is to stay in the EU, if not this is the best the UK will get. One against 20+ what do you expect?
I hope it's just general tardiness rather than anything serious. Unless she's been called in to fix Brexit or something. #ContentHour
Corbyn to take part in Brexit debate providing he doesn't have to talk about Brexit
UK Music boss warns Brexit could put live music at risk via
Media talking about brexit like a fuckin 50 shades novel. "girthy, throbbing, moist and deeply penetrating brexit"
"Curb immigration so people will vote for our overtly disingenuous asses"
Good Feck right off
From nowhere in script, collaboration in between UK &amp; URSS secret services is exposed like not ‘compliant’ 2014 rights bought by #Weinstein! Wiki : highest amount for a EU film Weinstein looks like the guy who knows to much?? #brexit
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Brilliant. Brexit so far ...
They really think the stitch up is complete and can now threaten with impunity ......
If this is true this is truly shocking. This lady was being persecuted simply because of her faith.
Will May eat Orange Tripe in Northern Ireland?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit, a word that will always be identified with protectionism, economic illiteracy, confusion, division and so many more brakes on a progressive society. #PeoplesVote
But not weird when all SNP MPs all agree to do everything that Chief Mammy tells them? In Brexit deal England and Wales weren't mentioned separately either, so not sure what your point is. Oh, and as a resident of Scotland I do have a vote.
Cancel it.
If this does not tell you something, nothing will. Remember, the only day of the year President Trump was in the UK in 2016 was 23 June when #Brexit was voted for. He knows a bad deal when he sees one.
Anything that stops UK being subservient to US isn't all bad.
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
I assume extreme Brexit want out of the EU and the ability to make their own choices. It appears this removes any benefits we had from the EU, whilst not allowing us any benefits of being independent of the EU either....
Because to a great number, there is no point in opposing Brexit if you do not oppose Tory rule. You must be watching a different Brexit catastrophe to the rest of us Joseph. There are clear Remain/Leave pushes from both Lab and Con.
Tom nails it as always.
The latest dodemeister daily newspaper! Thanks to #brexit #cindyhydesmith
At least 17+ million Brits agree with you Mr President about it being "great for the EU", who just have to wait now to see if she gets away with it and not least, if the Conservative Party allow her to get away with it because if they do it will be a BIG mistake. #NoOrdinaryJoe
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
Perhaps there’s a rebate on all those Liam Fox air miles..
It's not the version of Brexit the Russians paid for. Putin has probably told Trump to sort out out.
UK’s May fights to sell Brexit deal to a skeptical country
Another fascinating debate, I'm of a different mindset and don't want Corbyn to debate May over Brexit. I fear that he is traditionally EU sceptic whilst most of the members are opposite and are worried how that will play out at least in the short term
I am no supporter of the TMay Brexit deal, but I do not think we are at the stage where we start taking notice of a man who has turned lying into an art form, doesn't read &amp; is a former reality tv star who landed the role of a lifetime that is way beyond his limited intellect.
You have just got to love the dogged spirit of the Great British people ... which is exactly what will see us right through and beyond a No Deal Brexit !
What's worrying is the fact that Corbyn wants to BREXIT knowing all of the damage economically that will happen. He s no better than Tories.
She's very good at isolating!!! Just ask 17.4 million people!!!!
TRUMP BOMBSHELL: No US-UK Trade Deal if we accept May’s Sellout Brexit Deal via
To be fair, whatever one's thoughts about the Brexit deal, not sure that the opinion of someone who has the critical faculties of an inebriated amoeba should form the bulwark of one's own analysis on the matter.
I hope so too. He’s not leader material, his vision, whatever it actually is, is not entirely free of the charge of racism and sexism, and I do think he would stifle Britain, economically and culturally. His own brand of Brexit is no less chaotic than t’other one’s.
UK PM May and ministers agree to continue preparation for risk of no deal Brexit
Well done, Paula. Another sensible local MP. #Huddersfield
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
We'll cope. We always do you hysterical tart.
But she made the U.K. the most liberal free market in the world which saw foreign takeovers and the resulting movement of R&amp;D and HQs out of the country. We have lost growth and tax as a result. As soon as there is uncertainty, UK suffers - Brexit perfect example.
Rebel MPs 'offered peerages' as May builds votes for Brexit deal via
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
Yeah. What we need to do is encourage tens of millions of people to migrate to high consuming carbon munching Western Europe, ideally SE England, then we’ll murder the planet all the quicker. Oh, you’re already doing that eh Mr Monbiot? #Brexit
Because he's not really interested in Brexit as such. He just sees this as an opportunity to exploit division to gain power.
I think should be forced to explain precisely why Brexit would be bad for UK-US trade. I bet he can't.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
's Shit, she can own it
Get a grip woman the only way is a #GeneralElection
#RandyMarsh2020 . mind Bono, he plans to #brexit bigger1. Happy Bday
A few quick thoughts at the end of Day 1 of the #Brexit big sell.
If true this is blackmail against her own MP’S and treacherous against her own manifesto! #StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
Can see what you’re saying here, but also if a dog wanted to meet up with me, I’d go.
Only a little over half of Labour voters support a deal/remain referendum and less than half for deal/no deal. #brexit
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B
Theresa May defend her proposed deal amid criticism from MPs. Shehas defended her proposed Brexit deal in the Commons in the face of sustained criticism from the opposition and many Conservative MPs. #UK
lies when his mouth is open #Brexit #BrexitCoup
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Self-awareness isn't his strong point.
But you will only win that election by campaigning to stop brexit
What's the point of a May/Corbyn debate if UK citizens don't have any opportunity to do anything with their new found knowledge of Brexit issues? #PeoplesVote
This is where I say: CLOSE THE BORDERS NOW
Trump warns Brexit favours EU ...
UK; #Brexit #Terrorism and #Trees ????
That says it all.
May's Proposed Brexit Deal Explained - Explaining Brexit via
Dear I agree wholeheartedly with views presented by Gina Miller here: please do not shape your leadership on the Blairite strategy of embracing populism and political chess to gain power at all costs... ALL COSTS.
Any Brexit is bad for Britain. This really isn't a better Brexit contest between Labour and Conservative.
Government admits it could try to halt Brexit if MPs want to
Trump doesn’t understand Brexit nor should we believe he’s interested in anything other than America first. America like the UK is a great Country but our future lies with the our closest friends in the EU. Give Trump an inch &amp; he’ll take a yard but we know a metre’s worth more.
Depends what spin you put on it Eddie. Some validity to what you say. But on the flip side you could say they’re simply respecting the 2016 referendum result, plus their 2017 manifesto to deliver brexit, which both main party’s pledged, and most people voted for.
Yeah I read somewhere he has. Tho as he wants the same thing as May - Brexit - what's the point?
They were there before and many have gone to the briefing in brexit, if they hadn’t have gone to that you would have been having a go at them for that!
May is a complete political disaster.
People losing their minds over Corbyn tweeting about football during the Brexit crisis, but if you read it you'll see his family immigration story is very relevant. Amazing piece of writing about his history and for a good campaign for expanding access to sports.
Only #LordChelmsford knows where The People’s Brexit can be found.
certainly not going to make it onto any US denominations.... "Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US.
Scotland should easily get back in EU. England might never get back in again as Spain could veto application over Gibraltar #PeoplesVote #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #business #politics #SNP #greens
Could use Roman Blinds ?
Hey this may be old news but wanted to flag. In case it’s a slow news week in #Brexit britain.
The Italians Greeks and hole host of EU countries are seeing how we fare after brexit, that's why the leaders of this bunch of gangsters are trying to scupper us. A clear message should go back to brussels "anymore threats will be met with severe consequences"!!!
Tuesday's front page: Theresa May has 14 days to save her Brexit deal - and her career #tomorrowspaperstoday
British Parliament vote on Brexit deal to be held on Dec. 11
In that case, even though I am a staunch brexiteer, I would rather scrap #Brexit than accept treacherous deal. I would then vote in the General Election. Nobody in their right mind would EVER vote or again.
If you’re a Graphic Designer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
There is a huge irony in Theresa May embarking on a campaign to sell the Brexit deal to the British people whilst steadfastly refusing a referendum which would give an opportunity for them to give their endorsement or not...
TONIGHT: It is 'this deal or no deal' for Brexit as D-day for vote is set for December 11th - Are we back in a boom economy and if so, why is not everyone feeling it? Joining our panel: #TonightVMT #Brexit
EU court rejects Britons' anti-Brexit case - BBC News
When a colleague asks you what’s gonna happen about brexit
Two years in, there are still more questions than answers when it comes to #Brexit and #procurement. But there are some ways you can be proactive and mitigate the potential risks. Check out what our analysts have to say on the topic:
The scariest thing about #Brexit and #Trump is that rich, elite, privileged white people; who make poor people poorer (and themselves richer). Have now convinced poor white people, that even poorer brown people are the problem? Get your head out of your ass people!!!
From a town that voted 70% for Brexit. I think some people thought that #Brexit was something nasty they would get to do to someone else, not to themselves
I think you will be in the first wave of conscripts to the EU army.
No one ever talks about Brexit. We should be able to talk about it openly. But no one in the media ever mentions it.
Labour have done SOD ALL about Brexit in opposition, you bloody fool! Keep sucking up to your bloody cult of Corbyn though!
So demanding our fish and carving up the U.K. is the behaviour of an ally?
How do you work that out?
He is helping his friend #NigelFarage out. #Brexit
Not if gives out 100 knighthoods and 100 peerages, and maybe the rest can be bought with a £1million each... sorted!
30 Remainer Mutineer MPs #scaremongering with crashing out, May's deal destined to fail, karma for sabotaging #Brexit #Parliament will #VoteDownTheDeal. The default position is a #NoDeal prompting #ManagedNoDeal process #WTO &amp; #SuperCanada
Theresa Mays cabinet congratulate her on her Brexit deal
Brexit prompts its first Irish TV licence application #Media #Broadcast #TV #Europe
Some classics here,including this one: “With the disruption we had during the first &amp; second world wars,would a no deal Brexit really be that bad?When you think of all the supply ships being blown out of the Atlantic &amp; we’re worried about this no deal”
It is not about winning ! it is about common sense &amp; Decency for the Many !
Thought the whole point was that the UK would be stronger outside the EU and able to negotiate much better trade deals with the rest of the world
As it stands it looks as if a hardline Brexiteer minority may impose its will on the nation. An extraordinary state of affairs in a Parliamentary democracy in the 21st Century. #Brexit
Amending the date is a separate matter. And by the way, the Government seem to understand completely that revocation would require legislation per the Foreign Secretary on Andrew Marr the other day:
What if Theresa May goes back to Brussels to negotiate a *softer* Brexit on the back of such a rebuff?
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Why can't BREXIT just be annulled?
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
You’d never do that eh JK ya bampot ye
He’s the scorpion to May’s gullible frog
Passport for money thats an oldie but all governments do it. The UK were doing it the US do it and Belize does it a lot too. Have the Brexit team have passports from Belize
As little as possible. Obviously. Brexit is bollocks. Your threats however to unseat her have exposed you ERG people as totally ineffective and irrelevant. Though they have revealed you all to be a pretty nasty ragtag bunch of individuals.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Well said sold down the river by these incompetent prat’s, #NoDealBrexit
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
I’ve learned not to expect anything different from May. She is a weasel crossed with an eel.
May's Brexit deal is a betrayal that will ruin the UK economy. How can the UK sign trade deals when we are in the customs union? when we can't lower tariffs on non EU nations? when we obey EU laws/regs &amp; EU courts rule over the UK? Thank u Trump for calling out May's duplicity rt
Have you filled in Antoinette Sandbach’s Brexit survey? Our local MP wants to hear your views on the current Brexit situation... Have you filled in Antoinette Sandbach’s Eddisbury survey? Our local MP wants to hear your views on the current Brexit situation... #mytarporley
Genuinely in love with this feast of hard Brexit football #mnf
President Trump knows a thing or two about deals. And this dreadful EU deal will kill our chance of a serious FTA with the USA. Deliberate sabotage by those businesses that are so comfy with the EU
Waffle waffle waffle!......He's just waffling!
The question is would you trust a word she says; she sells out the Scotch fishermen and the Northern Irish on the union of the UK .
President chump also believes that there are pixies goblins and fairies at the bottom of the white house garden! #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit #StopBrexit #MarsLanding
Of course we couldn't do trade deals - we'd still be stuck with the EU's common external tariff and bound to EU rules. May's deal is not Brexit; it's an utter disgrace, and she has to go pronto!
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Brexit: Trump says May’s deal ‘more difficult’ for US-UK trade
Duffy get back to work is bringing in patients who have called 111 for Foreign Bodies inserted in places they shouldn't be. Oh quick question post #Brexit can we say Foreign Body or is that now going to be racist?
May gets to be President of the undemocratic EU Colonial Power Empire as she makes our country a Colony within.
also works for: brexit
It is. One of many reasons for the Brexit vote. It's all confusing. I'm no expert.
Fatally flawed Brexit deal is the worst possible outcome via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Oh look, labour's position.... Labour open to PM no-confidence vote if Brexit deal voted down
This is why a People’s Vote is no answer. It will be a shitfight dominated by this kind of hogwash. Prejudice and misinformation will fly in all directions. Responsible focus on real issues will be impossible.
Never mind Corbyn,McDonnell and just about all those on the Labour left..northern Shinners would rather run down to Leinster House and snarl from the steps at the Irish govt demanding something(!)be done about Brexit...#its2018not1918...
A brutal dissection of the disaster that is Brexit #PeoplesVote #finalsay
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade | Financial Times
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
Me too.
Just call the whole thing off Theresa! No brexit!
Let’s hope the media totally expose this sordid activity by . Will only add to the resolve and anger of the British people to support #Brexit and oppose
Disgusting!
"The government's Brexit deal will leave the UK £100bn worse off A YEAR than if it had remained in the EU, a study by the National Institute of Economic and Social Research has said" .
Britain’s alleged friends (Trump, obvs) in a hour of need...#brexitwillruinUK
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
When you consider the #UK and #USA 's special relationship &amp; a UK/USA brokered trade deal it's criminal the missed economic opportunity and betrayal of a Tory party #Brexit manifesto to 17.4m voters. And I qoute "the #USA.. are ready and willing to sign trade deals with the UK"
A #peoplesvote would inevitably divide the #brexit vote &amp; leave #Remain a forgone result.. #Expediency
She has become a dictator, ignoring her Cabinet, ignoring MP's ignoring the referendum and even ignoring a ruling by the Lords on the legality of the 39B pay off. She knows best the problem is she is the only one who thinks she does.
Stopping Brexit? EU's top court hears UK exit reversal case | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Juncker: 'I'm never changing my mind' - BBC News
Trump hardly spoken about brexit since remoaners put the baby balloon up across london skyline for thee EU = Chequers only a delay plan as backstop is. EU scared of a USA trade deal = DELAY TILL TRUMP OUT OF OFFICE U CAN BET ON IT
Diplomacy generally involves compromise. Dedicated professional diplomats did their best under huge pressure. The fantasy ‘I demand a 10-0 victory’ politics of the no plan no deal ‘fu*k business’ Tories clustering around Boris and Mogg is the real threat to Brexit.
Theresa "Brexit means Remain" May.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
EU court rejects Britons' anti-Brexit case - BBC News
Nothing new there, then.
Brexit: Back my deal or risk more division, May to tell MPs - BBC News
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I'm also waiting for that snake Corbyn to engineer an abstention and hand May her Brexit - in the (deluded) belief that he'll win a GE cos he won't be blamed for the nightmare. He'll win nothing but he'll ruin it for everyone.
There is no need for a second referendum. Our wonderful withdrawal agreement ensures we fully acknowledge the Brexit vote whilst remaining in the EU.
Theresa May's Brexit deal will cost £1,090 for every person in the UK, shock research claims today. via /r/worldnews
#EU court: #UK expatriates cannot challenge #Brexit talks
Go Girl Go! Fantastic stuff.
Theresa May's national roadshow for her #Brexit deal looks forlorn
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate Is there honestly any doubt left as to which side Corbyn is on?
Like watching an episode of South Park, but without the swearing.
British PM rallies support for Brexit deal after EU backing #Brexit
Despite Brexit
Brexit: Theresa May updates MPs on draft deal - BBC News
Of course we couldn't do trade deals - we'd still be stuck with the EU's common external tariff and bound to EU rules. May's deal is not Brexit; it's an utter disgrace, and she has to go pronto!
Brexit
Yes we do
You heard it straight from the donkeys mouth
The Brexit divorce deal: What's next?
Dead as a dodo. She knows. It dont look good for her "deal" #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Just for you Perhaps you could read it when you are working out how much more you can say than just ‘We WILL end free movement of (65million +uk citizens ONCE AND FOR ALL’ #stopbrexit
I would love to see a Brexit debate between Theresa May, Jeremy Corbyn and , or representing the people’s vote campaign. They would literally wipe the floor with them.
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 - BBC News
I do not think has a clue what the PM means by "Square One". That's good, it is not just me, then. #BrexitShambles
Some good news about Brexit for a change
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It is literally STAGGERING to me that all of the 'high profile accounts' are like 'la la la pretend we haven't read it let's just talk about brexit even tho we don't know what the fuck is going on ah here's some lion hunters I'll pretend to care about that la la la
Pathetic tweet Full of pathetic &amp; disordered emotion
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Fuck this guy.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Fucking didingenuous coward. I truly despise this man. I was a member of the Party for 30 years. Not any longer though. #PeoplesVote
Brexit
This is not Brexit. #BigToryBrexitBetrayal
Back to a situation where we can have the Labour Brexit Team in negotiation with Europe that endorses the 6 tests and maintains our....socialist - enhanced........approach. Key players for the EU will understand that concept.
Brexit: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50 if MPs want to | The Independent
Split on issue of a #Brexit referendum. Yes, but that was resolved. Now EU have managed to split core philosophy
Oh there's the US president doing discord among stable democracies
Oh dear
Thankyou
And you STILL think St Jeremy is "playing the long game"? He's playing you for a fool! Demand a new Labour leader now
Invade Spain a few days before? "Brexit dividend" of several billion promised to the NHS if it passes announced on the 8th ish? Lord Jeza of Islington? Baron Boris? #howlowwillshego
Now, I note that Corbyn thinks he can fix the undercutting of wages and the pressure on services, which he thinks will lead to employers preferring to employ Brits. This reducing widespread immigration. It might solve all causes of Brexit.
MANDRAKE: SoCrapTheyNamedHimTwice is off on manoeuvres again Long scarf, escalator, yes? One can but hope.
Bored with Brexit? Let's just do it!
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
knows the #BrexitDeal is a good deal for the #EU and not the #uk is a sell out. #Brexit #MAGA #Trump
Only the idiots that voted Leave should have to pay.
Time for MP’s to rid the U.K. of Teresa May, her puppet Cabinet, and Olly Robbins over this Brexit betrayal. People have had enough of the lies and deceit. MP’s from all parties need to unite and deliver the Brexit that was voted for.
These "Stop Brexit" guys had me rolling on the floor last week as editors struggled to switch camera angles to avoid them and they just kept moving in front of the red Camera light. It was fantastic entertainment.
What deal Labour proposed? That didn’t contain taking the egg out of a cake? please send ne a clear Brexit plan
Unbelievable
One would repeat "strong and stable" until everybody runs away screaming, but she has the moves
Wait until the new UN Migration Pact is signed in December. Migrants from all nations can then easily migrate to wherever they like because the UN has made it easy for them to do so. Will Traitor May oppose it to control immigration or will she contradict herself? #Brexit
Any BREXIT deal leaving the EU with powers over the UK is a BAD DEAL.
AH was right, it's them same Jewish-Zionist supremacist who are destroying brexit and this very nation!
Could be EU with its Hitler-like paper armies to push around big map. It could be NATO but so many EU states have failed to make proper contributions. putin knows this. Again it will be the USA, that one the EU hates, with UK helping where we can. #Brexit #leave #PeoplesVote
Lest we forget !
Boom
*weeps*
We already voted on your 3rd option, so that's eliminated. It's therefore as it's always been. A deal the Mrs May convicts, or WTO Brexit, which is what we voted for tbh....
#Brexit.. I’m not a political animal, but what exactly would Corbyn and Labour have negotiated with the EU? ..Not seen a straight answer to that question yet.
They are all right.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
With respect Judy you have a good point, but it's got bugger all to do with Brexit has it ?
"Best interests of the country", remember.....
Someone is working really hard on her PR campaign.. new outfits, videos on Twitter.. Radio,, and now this. Talk about throwing money at Brexit.. typical government.. like universal credit it got shelved for years because it didn't work.. the money they spent on it was immence.
Brexit will make GDP shrink by 3.9% annually. What does this mean? If true it means GDP shrinkage will be 10 times smaller than the 39% shrinkage under Corbyn! Result
On a scale of 1 - 10, how fucked do you want to be Scotland? PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
I'll be your social media marketing manager #Facebook #socialmediamarketing #DigitalMarketing #shopifypursuit #SEO #Trump
Sadly though your brexit has issued a message to the people of the world that the UK does not want any immigrants here and only wants white European Brits to inhabit the island
"Clean brexit"; when you've given up trying to convince people hard/no deal brexit is a rational course of action.
I'm beginning to love the 'yes it will'/'not it won't' arguments that rage around Brexit where seemingly very informed people say that x will definitely happen and and just as very informed people (seemingly) say that it won't. Mandarin bullshit reigns. Love it.
Eight Eurosceptic reasons why we should support Theresa May's Brexit agreement
Now the Brits are getting a first hand education on NOT trusting THEIR government OR the Europeans. The very wealthy made sure Brexit wasn’t smooth. Aren’t Americans glad we didn’t continue with the shuck &amp; jive Paris Accords BS. They’d be running America now, too.
3.9% by 2030, not annually you dopey bell.
Glad the Beeb failed. It must allow protest and info from both sides of the argument to be "balanced".
When you haven’t done the reading for the tutorial and you’re asked a question. #Brexit
’I’m angry and embarrassed!’ Jamie Oliver blasts #Brexit amid fears for trade relations
A blithering shitgibbon speaks
Brexit MIGHT cause GDP to shrink by up to 3.9%. Or it may not. But hysteria is what gets dem clicks. F*cking idiot
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
It is ironic that many of those who are using Trump’s throwaway remark to support their view on and Brexit have in the past castigated the US president for being an idiot who doesn’t know what he’s talking about....Truth more complex than good or bad deal for EU
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May's Brexit Trump card just took the piss out of her. I seriously need to work on my French.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade
I just want a Labour Leader who’s going to fight on #Brexit rather than wiggle &amp; waffle. When Jezza actually does fight, I’ll give him a pat on the head. Until he does, he gets the point of my boot up his backside.
There's always another perspective unless you're rooted in one place. That perspective would show your children and their children could be far better off with a helping hand from 27 other nations pulling them up.#BrexitReality #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Signed &amp; Shared! Viva #Brexit, too!
TM is the most calm, stable and detailed candidate for BREXIT. This deal is better than no deal. I urge the parliament to support her.
#FBPE May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
This...is the smell of Brexit
Theresa May hasn't 'messed up' the Brexit deal by accident, she has betrayed Brexit as she always planned to! This picture tells you exactly why she should never have been trusted to negotiate on behalf of British interests!
I am a Minister - we have a plan. If you disagree with please explain what concrete alternative would acknowledge the referendum occurred and face the danger of a no-deal Brexit.
Every little helps: May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
A piece of advice from someone very wealthy for whom I worked in my 20's: "If you can't walk away from it, then it's not a good deal."
I’d rather her debate someone who is pro Brexit like ReesMogg or any other politician that actually wants to take us out of the EU the way the public want. Corbyn would have put forward a far worse deal than May so who really wants to listen to them both argue the toss?
Macron trying to blackmail Britain regarding fishing waters &amp; our greatest partner The USA says special deals will be off the table due to May's 'remainer' Brexit deal. Britain wants to stand with our real friends - not, The EU.
The far right wants Brexit so does the far left. It’s a tragedy that they have such influence over the Tory and Labour parties.
THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Britain has ALWAYS needed Poles........ Awesome work all round.
Taking Back Control mark 2. Great job!
Fantastic. Proper #brexit.
Meet “Project Vote,” The Crack Team Set Up To Save Theresa May’s Brexit
Trump on Brexit agreement: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'
Polling expert John Curtice: must remember that “.. the electorate that it now has is disproportionately a Leave electorate. 70% of the Conservative vote are people that voted Leave. It has to deliver Brexit.” - your choice.
but in the end the MP's will pass it.
Theresa May needs to go, but her deal also needs to be stopped. When parliament votes down her deal, will that then be the final nail in the coffin? I really hope so. If that doesn't finished her off, then UK politics is a farce! #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
Taking back control. Brexit is the nightmare that keeps on giving.
Trump wants a no deal Brexit so a desparate UK will accept absolutely any horrible trade deal with US. It is genuinely tragic that leavers can't see this
How can 220 #Conservatives MPs live with themselves for betraying Britain over #Brexit They should be ashamed of themselves Please show support for #brexit by signing and retweeting #StandUp4Brexit #MayMustGo
#Brexit Devil is out. Spot On President Trump. The UK is chained by EU from any further trade negotiations
SNP are WM 3rd Party........surely they deserve a wee go?
Date set for Theresa May’s Brexit showdown with hostile parliament
Iain Dale on LBC is a joke. He has just been cornered by a purely reasonable caller on brexit.
Yes the brilliance of Brexit 2 years to end up with a deal shitty beyond words all so some people can kid themselves that the days of the Raj are returning
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
150 likes but 750+ replies, says it all.
The UK would have to join Schengen. And would not have the power to sign its own trade deals.
New Vehicle Reg | Change of ownership | Renewal - 09090144706 on the low Maiduguri Brexit Bournemouth Rita Dominic Listen Jubril Boko Haram
Having to see her and listen to her arrogance so often is probably the hardest part of this whole #Brexit saga. She gives me the willies
Yes, it is. I have been forecasting that as the most probable Brexit route for the past 2 years. You are aware what the Norwegians themselves think of that, don't you? #EFTA #EEA #NorwayModel
Almost as if Brexit isn't the main issue of the day.
So because Labour doesn't have a suitable Brexit plan, the Tories are immune to criticism from the opposition. Great?
Uh no Trump knows what he is talking about, stop the con. You’re like an uncharismatic Del Boy.
What an absolute farce
You been promised a knighthood?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Davis has some brass neck, he was the Brexit Secretary when it was agreed and stood at the Dispatch Box to defend it.
That's one of the reasons I heard of for Brexit, true. I haven't done the reading too much as I don't know the medium I would trust on that side of the pond to be unbiased.
Iain Dale Tells Tory MP: Don't Rely On People Getting Bored Of #Brexit For Deal Support
And so say all of us. #stopbrexit #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US.
It should never be the case, but unfottunately UK has been that way for decades. Talking *seriously* about politics always been seen as uncool and for the elite by the general population. Resigned cynicism is the general rule. Hence the intoxication of power from #Brexit vote.
A General Election is far too murky. Those who like Labour’s domestic agenda but know that Brexit will be a disaster will be stuck (like me)
The Prime Minister succeeding in her efforts to unite the country. Just not quite the way she wanted to.
#ThirdPartyRisk - How Can Businesses Prepare Their #SupplyChains for #Brexit? Solutions: . #supplychain #scm #governance #compliance #vendorrisk #riskmanagement #erm #regtech #gdpr #vrm #shipping #procurement #eprocurement
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
And what would Labour’s manifesto state about Brexit? “We’ll hols a People’s Vote”? A referendum already ruined one party!
And the BBC have kept UK public uninformed of Brexit consequences. If it wasn't for Twitter &amp; internet we would be even more balanced debate on benefits remaining in EU. We get good UK Brexit debates on France 24 !!
When will you stop Brexit, Jeremy?
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
Surely this would destroy the Tory Party?
New point in here for me is that “Norway for Now” would mean TM has to go. Obvs we all know she’d have to go if she loses badly (and Talk here is of &gt;100 rebels being bad) but this quote came from an “insider”
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
god these analogies do your nut it's like a divorce, it's like buying a house. I'm so smart I knew what Brexit would mean that's why I voted remain but you Brexiteers didn't know what you were voting for, condescending idiot.
All we've heard from since becoming PM is divisive rhetoric 'the will of the people'. 'Brexit means Brexit, not once has she tried to build consensus with the 48%, now she wants us to unite around her wretched #BrexitDeal, two words come to light #StopBrexit
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade #UK | #RTGNews
As Boris gets cozy with Trump. May is put on the back burner looks like Trump is turning against his friend
I remember in early 90's teaching French freelance. This MP went to France &amp; came back outraged because "there was a border, &amp; we needed a passport ". I reminded her that the UK decided to have a border, voted in Parliament. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #EU
Have your final say! Sign the petition. &lt;img src="
. intervention against May's Brexit deal will be devastating, not least because everything he says here is true. The May deal kills a US-UK free trade deal and is immensely damaging to the Special Relationship.
Apsny News English: Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Gosh. A heartfelt savaging of Mrs May, her ‘unite’ letter, her colleagues and the Tory party. So that’s another ‘no’ to her plea to join arms and celebrate the deal.
Staying in the EU would not be perfect. But it’s the best deal on offer | LSE BREXIT
hi! If, after Brexit, UK citizens living in EU have to close UK banks, how can we set up repayment options? I remember when I applied earlier this year I had to have a UK bank account to set it up. Thanks!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Also: "It is unlikely that a sceptical audience settling down for Sunday night viewing would welcome any of the shows being interrupted or delayed, even for a political debate that could shape the future of Britain." Wtf? We're supposed to listen to their opinions on Brexit?
Too right!
May needs the stars to align if her #Brexit deal is to pass the Commons
TBH, I can see scenarios under which trade is helped by Brexit. I wonder if he's got any specific analyses or if he's just shooting off his mouth. Again.
Goodnight all. Bored with Brexit? How patronising, Mrs May
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
was making fun of this clip and Brendan O'Neill in general tbh
No, really she has lied
A no-deal Brexit (full brexit) is what the voters voted for - it's called democracy. Trump is supporting that. Good for Trump.
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Battle of the slogans
Are you for real? Theresa May would have been able to unify the ERG group with her deal as it would be Brexit vs No Brexit. We’d be facing Parliament passing the deal through. Corbyn has smashed it.
Nope. The EU decides. Those are the terms of the backstop.
FOR. CHRIST’S. SAKE
I wish you'd run this Brexit malarky for us
How #FakeNews works. Meet the #KGB Spies Who Invented it. Excellent documentary. #disinformation #propaganda #brexit #trump #DemocracyUnderThrear
He will.
Am I the only one who doesn’t care. What’s this obsession with debates about. May is so bad anyway she makes Corbyn look smooth. Two-thirds of Britons want May v Corbyn Brexit debate - Sky Data poll
The latest Wake Everyone Up Daily! Thanks to #usrc #brexit
In case it strays off-topic (it will), extra bonus points for a moderate Socialist pretending to be Conservative challenging a Marxist pretending to be a moderate Socialist.
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 - BBC News Report produced by same company that predicted boe rate would rise to 1.75% within year in 2012. It didn’t move for 5 years then actually fell.
Theresa May is gaslighting a nation with her #Brexit deal mantra, writes .
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
May has been a very useful tool for the globalist agenda, betraying her country on both Brexit Deal &amp; her planning to sign German authored UN Migration Pact. As she is acting against the interest of her country, in favour of foreign interests she should be removed from office
As if Brexit wasn’t enough of a disaster HS2 comes along to lay waste the town.
If the uk is independent why brexit?
Feeling ok Laura? Not like you to call out the PM. About time
It turns out that people find dating a dog preferable to Brexit. That's a stat which should be on the side of a bus.
Seriously, you’re actually taking the piss now mate! #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
Donald trump wants Brexit for many reasons all self serving and ideological and nothing to do with what’s in the UKs interest
She did not do anything .. she simply sanctioned her civil service in collusion with Brussels to deliver a Remain dressed up in cheap Brexit clothes thinking the great British thick electorate would swallow it
U DA Man!!! THX B 2 SBD Teaim Project Feliz Navi Dad L.A. Bellevue,NE Project 2006-02/21/2019 Thx B 2 God
If ye resign the seats and stand again on a mandate to stop #Brexit, surely that's also democratic. Or maybe is secretly for #Brexit The party certainly had no real campaign against it in the referendum.
It's beginning to look like it might be Boris Johnson.
Yes that's true. I'm no expert, but i recall that negotiating a trade deal with the US so that we're not committed to the existing bilaterals which are negative for the UK- especially tariffs on food products if I remember correctly - was one Brexit arguments.
Given the "simpler" some thought. Allowing that brexit Withdrawal 2 years in making, +4 (beyond March 2019) at least (call it 6 to determine final UK-EU relationship). Allowing UK Union is much more intricately enmeshed, it's not conceivable an rUK-iScot relationship/divorce 1/2
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Kate Hoey: "I thought Theresa May was serious when she said 'Brexit mean... via
BOB.... it's got a Blackadder ring to it!
Never mind what you WANT to happen with Brexit, what do you think actually WILL happen come next March?
i had to fucking pay £20 for shipping alone bc of brexit bitch u better lock up 10 d*wning street good today
So, tonight Theresa May is trying to woo Laabour Mps into supporting her Brexit proposals. She's obviously given up with her own Mps. She's done everything she can with them - she's threatened them, bribed them, promised them seats in the Lords yet they still won't have it......
This must be a parody account, right?
Yup... he needs to be acknowledged
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Taking back control of wage growth?
Brexit: European court rejects British expats' referendum challenge
How do we persuade Parliament to abort #brexit ? Revoke . Revoke !
Thread.
uh, what about this?
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
If it were not so serious #Brexit would be comedy farce: Unless something is done soon Scotland is in great danger of sinking with the insane Tories!
Desperately signs i voted remain and now watching as a bunch of idiotic politicians take us down suicidal pathway saying respect the will of the people, how about telling the truth Brexit is a fallacy #brexitDeal
No party will "unite the country". Brexit is a fucking stupid act of self harm that 48% of the nation will never forgive, but the other 52% demand to have our country profoundly damaged in this way. How can that ever heal ? Seriously ?
Hey guys, I mean, if it ain’t broke - don’t Brexit!
I’ve not seen the clip, but I honestly believe she’s gone all (bad) Headteacher. “If the children want Brexit, they will have Brexit. Whatever the consequences. And then they can reflect on their actions” (She’s v rich, so it won’t affect her)
Sensible words from a couple of sources, which generally follow what I'm thinking. Well worth a read. #Brexit
#LiteraryBrexit "I have known Mr Corbyn come home to supper with a flood of tears, and a declaration that nothing was now left but a hard Brexit; and go to bed making a plan for an entirely new deal, ‘in case anything turned up’, which was his favourite expression."
I think you’re forgetting that they’re all otherwise engaged, and the govt’s brexit briefing... although tbh I’m sure they could find more productive uses of their time than this anyway.
How would Corbyn, a lifelong eurosceptic who wants Brexit, get a better deal? I completely agree it's the will of the people but both parties have ignored at least half of their respective bases.
And on the subject of brexit you must have experienced the M20 running through your constituency being converted to a lorry park. Brexit is a mess at the hands of your beloved leader. A people’s vote could get us of this brexit hook. Please support it. For all our sakes.
Yep even Andrew pierce seems to backing this brexit betrayal!
can i use brexit as an excuse for not doing politics homework
The latest The Da_ni_El Daily! Thanks to #brexit #marslanding
Sam, please throw your arm around Ben. He's having a difficult time at the moment. He needs a stable and grounded friend to get him through brexit and his misplaced trust in it.
Well done Darren #peoplesvote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
You have given me the strength and encouragement to fight Brexit for 2 and a half years, so happy to contribute, Caroline. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Thanks, I will back current #BackTheBrexitDeal PM as a voter, subject to contract. However I also believe in democracy hence if Parliament reject this deal I would then support a #PeoplesVote with 3 options, your deal, hard exit Brexit, or remain in the EU as a full member.
If Tory MPs are being threatened with past mistakes to make them support Mays deal, we need to #StopBrexit and by any means possible! #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #Remain #BolloxtoBrexit
This is going well
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The people on the winning side of the referendum expect Brexit and would take no deal. MPs voting against that face a backlash at an election but if no deal goes ahead there could be a backlash there too. I don’t know how you sort this deal out!
This brilliant response to #Brexit letter is going viral
Why did everyone suddenly turn on ? #Brexit is such a cancer.
Yeah it’s a shitty deal but it’s the only deal that’s possibly agreeable
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
. delivers a major blow to Theresa May's #Brexit plan
Thank you for speaking out Rev Jeremy Putnam. We need a General Election to get rid of this cruel Tory government #GTTO #GetTheToriesOut Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit
That's UK census data on national identity, not Brexit voting patterns - it wasn't a comment on the desirability or otherwise of a peoples' vote.
The latest Georgia Mom Evening Edition! Thanks to #geology #brexit
Simple. Just like your limited intelligence.
We’ve known this for a few years now but the absolute blackout of news stories in the media has made pretty sure thatbthe general public know as little as possible about this incipient scandal!
Carney, Brexit and Draghi put the EUR and GBP in the Spotlight
No deal, all the way! If she’s seriously threatening no brexit, ie remain she’s effectively disregarding what the people voted for, after asking us to vote. Sounds democratic ?!?!?
#Brexit is divisive not #FinalSay If the current government and opposition had the country's best interests at heart, they would end it. Now.
&amp; a discredible PM Theresa May willing to repeat the falsehood about a non-existent Brexit dividend for the NHS etc. Utter lack of scruples or integrity.
What absolute shitbaggery. Anyone still got doubts about him wanting Labour to be member led? And he wants to hijack a debate about the future of this country's place in the world for cheap shots on domestic policy. The man is far from being a statesman
No ifs, no buts, Theresa May’s Brexit deal MUST be voted down and a General Election called immediately thereafter #Brexitchaos
Voting for a small party would achieve nothing but the victory of either Labour or May In a general election scenario that denies No Deal, the only solution is to call on the people to spoil their papers for Brexit Returning Officer Labour; 5,500 Tory: 5,520 Spoit Papers: 32,657
Well...May is done and gotta have Conservative replace her and Corbyn + Labour is not a viable choice! #UKADamnMess
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Nobody likes it - not leavers, not remainers: start preparing in earnest for No-Brexit deal instead of wasting time!
An. Awesome. Simile. Period.
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May's Disappointing Brexit Deal…
If the mad may would just listen to the people we can grow without being tied into the EU
Of its day and very useful, however things evolve and get better., hopefully. The way of the world? Hope so- don’t mention Brexit though!
Analysis: Brexit deal document fishing row - BBC News
“Right now as the deal stands... they may not be able to trade with the U.S., and I don’t think they want that at all. That would be a very big negative for the deal.”
As she tries to sell her vision of Brexit to a wary, and weary, nation, Theresa May has a few cards she can try to play (via )
Stop this puerile spinning. It’s over. #BrexitBetrayal
I must have written this at least 20x (feels like 100), it's a debate about HER DEAL, not Brexit but HER DEAL! She challenged Corbyn to debate HER on HER deal! It's not about UKLABOUR, Starmer or Corbyn. It's about HER deal
Fucking Brexit
WE Got YOUR Preoject Heal The World
I hear you mate, but you might also mention that many of the MP against brexit are controlled by martian mind control tech. That, in my mind, is the real long term threat. Your silence about this very real issue makes me wonder if you are not a secret traitor.
It was morally binding. 17.4 Million people voted to leave, after all that, you can't just turn around and say "Well it wasn't legally binding, so soz." Brexit was always going to be a bad idea, it's not something we just found out after the referendum. So why bother calling
Equally, the view that all will be well even if Lexit happened, which itself requires a complex set of favourable conditions to be met, is a long way from a done deal. It is possible, with respect, to be highly critical of the EU but see Brexit as it stands as a bad move.
So that's a resounding no. #brexit
Check out this cartoon via
In yet another lie, told EU leaders that the British public was "fed up of wrangling over Brexit and wanted to move on". As my MP, , and a supporter of her deal, how would you advise Alex and millions more of us to 'move on'?
Farage’s SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
What happens when the plebs vote for Brexit again? Another referendum until they get it right?
Yes, and the smirk on her face. Totally unsympathetic. Consider how she s insulted me, my wife and children repeatedly over the last 2 years, I can't say I have an ounce of respect for her. Only thing she got going for her is that the others are likely worse.
comments are somewhat reminiscent of BP CEO Tony Howard saying "I'd like my life back"
British Members of Parliament will vote on Theresa May’s sketchy Brexit deal on Tuesday 11th of December. The U.K. House of Commons is set to debate the pact for five days. More than 100 members of parliament have indicated they could vote against the deal
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade | BBC
Don't let the door hit your arse on the way out, you absolute bell-end.
If you don't like the #Brexit deal don't have a go at Thereas May. Have a go at Boris Johnson, David Davies, Michael Gove. They campaigned on getting a great deal and where too cowardly to even go for The PM job and fight for a deal.
May’s deal ‘would leave UK £1,000 per person worse off’
Go your own way. I will not ever back down on Brexit means Brexit. That means leaving the European Union. Custom Union Free Of Brussell’s indoctrination.
#TheresaMay wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now #Britain is writing back!
Theresa May has asked me to help her get Brexit through parliament. No fucking way, Theresa.
Dear everyone, this is a funny joke about a baby who looks like a stereotype of a Brexiteer. Don’t find yourself arguing with him about Brexit.
Busy playing every side
Labour should vote May's deal down and do everything in our power to achieve an EFTA/EEA-based Brexit. There is no other sensible option - second referendum far too divisive, no deal too destructive, Chequers just plain rubbish. #NorwayOrNoWay
My brother in law just sent me this!!! #brexit #BorisJohnson #Titanic
'£39 billion for WHAT?' Brexiteer MP outlines HUGE advantage of NO DEAL Brexit
May struggles to sell Brexit deal to hostile Commons
Ever thought about using this political catastrophe as a justification for campaigning for a General Election? Or do you not really want a Labour Govt? I just don't understand your lack of passion. Power is a fingertip away from the people who need it. Stand up and fight David...
doesn't seem to understand what a balanced discussion is. They seem to think it's Brexit one view vs Brexit a slightly different view.,whilst Remain somehow doesn't exist. Shameful BBC. Why pay them a licence fee if they won't do their job properly.
As long as the rejection in the HOC dosent result in a fiddled referendum to cancel Brexit. Lot of game plans in play...
course it was. Labour from the outset (despite the braying of the press and hardcore fbpe types) been saying "if the Tories can deliver a Brexit which maintains the status quo, we'll support it" knowing full well no brexit will deliver even close to the status quo
“G20 summit, Brexit, race to succeed Merkel, US economy”
Unsure of available mechanisms, but a cancelation of BREXIT coupled with a coup in the Commission (ouster of ) would the stage for an interim FIX that would affirm what the three referendums in 2005told you (b4 the Sarkozy-led override): RESCIND THE LISBON TREATY
Brilliant
Brexit... How about... just... "No"? :-O
“We must respect the referendum decision” is a ridiculous mantra. Picture booking a holiday after agreeing it in the family. Picture learning the planes engines are defective and flight will fail. Do you still go? Course not - but that’s what Brexit is doing 1/2
As left wing as any but hard to see any advantage to isolation. Possible future trips cap in hand to the IMF overshadow brexit like a shroud
So, the UK wrestling scene is fucked, isn't it? Everyone who's signed to NXT UK can't work a UK indie and Brexit next year is going to decimate the scene
Like doesn't have enough to worry about trying to pimp her #Brexit ... weighs in: 'Right now if you look at the deal, they may not be able to trade with us ...'
The latest The Jus Daily! Thanks to #brexit #russia
Ozzy Osbourne doesn't know what Brexit is
Finance Secretary urged to set up £75m Brexit fund for businesses in Budget
a second referendum would only have two choices, although it would be possible to have a possible 3rd referendum depending on the result of the second. So you wouldn't have a referendum that said a) accept the deal b) hard brexit c) no brexit d) renegotiate brexit
Having a beer with the guy who plays the bagpipes on Westminster bridge Gave him som bollocks to Brexit stickers which are going on his pipes tomorrow
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Actually I find this quite scary!
Because she has a strategy of bribes and deceit up her sleeve. It was rumoured some time ago she wanted to create 100 peers. She can easily offer out 100 honours and the EU can afford to give out £100 million in bribes. Name your price, knighthood, peerage or cash?
It's barking, Brexit that is.
Brexit Secretary on Article 50 #brexit #daviddavis #parliament #article50 #uk #mp
At least pretty much everyone in the comments realises how biased the BBC are! Gives me hope... Not one person said the deal was awful. How realistic.
Delighted to see that Brexit hasn't prevented Franco-Scottish collaborations.....
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
well ??
- Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' Dare I say "I agree with Trump?"
#FBPE "logic" "How dare Jeremy Corbyn not oppose the Tories in the ineffective and disastrous way we wanted him too, now Theresa May's about to lose the Brexit vote, we'll post 500 times we're never going to vote Labour again, keeping the Tories in power"
Theresa May needs to find a new job, by this Friday would be ideal. I voted Brexit, she is a remainer. The UK had a far better deal than the EU27, Mays Brexit deal has us now worse than the EU27. Get May out!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
And a No Deal Brexit is an even worse option than her deal. And so are we are...
I agree but some of our friends here did vote for him I think
What’s to get behind? Why would you stand behind this so called deal? This isn’t delivering Brexit only a fool would claim otherwise. If you stand by your statement let’s hear the legitimate arguments that aren’t more of the PM’s patronising waffle....we are listening...
May and her EU puppets will be overjoyed
“Brexit will never end.” The stuff of nightmares.
Not really an apology at all.
If the ignorant and incompetent political class hadn’t thought they were clever and gone on about an Impossible ‘deal’ this could have been done already. But they are not fit for purpose
Shooting off his moron mouth as usual
#Trump warns #Brexit may harm #UK-US trade
May's Brexit deal sounds ilke a 'great deal for the EU', says prumT
We have been told on many occasions that by law we do not have to pay even the EU admitted it so May can sling her hook and as far asking the people to support her Brexit sorry but no way could I support such a betrayal the the Brithish people and Our Country
Brexit terms will allow new UK-U.S. trade deal, PM May's office says
Brexit May's deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Paul has absolutely no interest in the end user of this legislation, he is however super motivated to distract from anything that impacts on unionism, ie Brexit. Can you imagine a world with no social media to expose his duplicitous behaviour? Yup Scotland 1950-95!
Listen, and understand that the Maybot is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until #Brexit is dead. #BrexitDeal
Clean drinking water could run out within days of no-deal Brexit leak warns
Opinion | Theresa May’s Brexit deal gives everyone something to hate
Of course, nothing whatsoever to do with the DUP calling members of the Business Community "Puppets" and Sammy Wilson even doubling down on it on #BBCtalkback today. Media are just reporting what your party is saying
We have to stop this madness! Wake up UK! #StopBrexit
BoB......Bored of Blair
Only one person needs to lose her job, that's Theresa May. #bbcnews
Is that a vote against or an abstention that a actually facilitates Brexit
William Hague was never as Eurosceptic as was popularly supposed. He resisted pulling out the EPP, opposed a referendum, supported Remain. And now says we should sign up to May’s deal.
"Brexit Blues: How dreams can become nightmares if you try to make them real"
Today’s FT says that there is no possibility for parliament to vote to remain in the EU, if it rejects May’s deal. It will be either May’s deal , another deal or a No deal WTO brexit.
Hahaha … the “Don’t knows” are always comical #Brexit
#Brexit plan B stay in both single market and customs union but lose any say in the rules we still have to obey. what the hell is the point of that ffs BREXIT plan B is Brexit plan bollocks
Taking Back Control?The Brexit Deal via
Smashed it #BrexitDeal This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
, you are fucking hilarious. To date, every time Trump has uttered anything, you have (correctly) treated his comments with the disdain they deserve. He now criticises May’s Brexit proposal, and you’re all over him like a rash. Grow up.
Vote Leave loses legal challenge over Brexit spending breach
What means is that while Britain has engagement with the EU and therefore some protection from predatory US corporations there can be no trade deal. Hopefully this dimwit will be doing time for #RussianCollusion before #Brexit happens - if it does.
Written by a friend, a mostly pro-remain economist. We never usually agree on Brexit, but we both agree there is nothing in agreement that is good for the UK. We have been dished up a cold plate of sick, and told to enjoy it. Yuk.
"Trump has always believed in #Brexit". Says it all really.
May be guilty of this on almost every Brexit report. Mostly because no one has a bulls notion of what’s going to happen..
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
It would seem that is the best way forward for them at least until Brexit is settled. Then they can decide how they work together &amp; if it is a viable proposition for the future.I will never vite for the Lib /Lab/Cons again at least until there is radical change
"But it was all right, everything was all right, the struggle was finished. The UK had won the victory over itself. It loved Big Brexit."
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But it will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop the tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Jeremy Corbyn accepts Theresa May's challenge to debate Brexit live on TV
The last President did his damndest to sever old ties with the UK and a lot of Britain fell in love, the current President actually likes us and most hate him. #Brexit #Trump
Or even just schemes and stewardship aimed towards that as I'm not sure how many subsidies there will be once Brexit hits
The Brexit vote wasn’t about ending movement. That’s the second sweeping statement you’ve made, not even counting the assumption that I voted to leave
I like the idea of this book, Brexit for Toddlers. The whole thing is getting too damn hard !
This is embarrassing.
Brexit
Theresa May admits she was wrong to say EU nationals ‘jump the queue’ to enter the UK | The Independent
They've got us as a nation by the balls, we could front any single politician as our negotiator/ leader it wouldn't change anything as the country is so divided with no huge overriding consensus on what we want. Brexit means so many different things to different people
Sums the #Brexit bunch up 0
another one for you..I know it’s a lot to take in prior to handing your position over to your shadow minister! Hope you don’t have to claim unemployment benefit as I hear it’s a very hostile environment..Just saying!
#Brexit One day there’ll be a episode where the Doctor travels back in time to stop a hideous band of evil politicians from initiating Brexit.
#ProjectFear knows no bounds.
Knew it...Remember May saying a No Deal Brexit is better than a bad deal. After the chaos erupts in Parliament and we crash out with a No Deal Trump will surface like a knight in shining armor and turn our NHS over to a corporate business....all this was planned from the start
Hard #BrexitShambles choice! #Brexit farce has consequences.
Especially appropriate in brexit Britain as it's apocryphal.
I've decided to write an expert report on the economic benefits of BrExit. Can't make up my mind to predict 378% annual GDP growth or a more realistic 377%. Probably doesn't matter. It seems journalists will print anything because they don't have a clue either.
Italy May Be A Bigger Test For The EU Than Brexit Is
"He is saying the blindingly obvious. It is a great deal for the European Union and disastrous for the UK. He is absolutely right." (Tory - Peter Bone) Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade
This means attending selective controlled meetings with businesses and those who agree with her and then seeking sanitised reports on regional #BBCBias tv and radio stations. Don’t fall for it!
Now they find they have triggered a serious and complex crisis they cant understand, and they desperately want to cover their ears until things go back to "normal".... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
'£39 billion for WHAT?' Brexiteer MP outlines HUGE advantage of NO DEAL Brexit
All the leavers playing the blame game now. Now that Brexit has turned to shite like most of use knew it would, no one takes responsibility. There is no good Brexit deal, the lies and false promises have been found out.
Utter bullshit generalisation to suit an agenda.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Because. Corbyn. Supports. Brexit.
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
Did the host from "Outside Source" (BBC) just venture a personal opinion on Brexit by saying "thankfully" in relation to deal going through due to abstensions?
No she'd be like the BBC can't seem to find anyone that doesn't support brexit or her
Yeez can all say what you want about #Trump but one thing for sure is he’s a clever kunt and knows exactly what he’s doing #Brexit #Nodeal fuck the #EU
I feel the hand of history... excellent evening hosting a Q&amp;A with Tony Blair on Brexit &amp; politics for
Only 123 days until we in the UK become as isolated as the Sentinelese people, firing arrows into any cursed stranger who dares venture too close! #Brexit
BREXIT ...
Oh really, how do you think this immorality you were calling for works in practice? fucking clueless or just cruel?
the objectives of brexit promoting MP`s and right wing pundits like the tax payers alliance are to achieve a low skills low wage unregulated workforce so whats the point of talking about a skills based workforce
'Your deal is UNSATISFACTORY!' Boris RIDICULES May's Brexit deal in Commons confrontation
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Confirmation. Peach prefect.
I am having a problem following your logic. Sounds more likely that you are a convert to the Brexit arguments of Stop immigration, &amp; make our down trade deals etc
Neither. Abandon an Act of Self harm. No Brexit.
You solve the Brexit deadlock thus: 1. Oust May 2. GEmLEAVE CONSTITUENCIES return a Brexit MP 3. 400 Brexit MPs vote for WTO or Canada 4. Job is done - get on with life. #newsnight #newsnight
Good!
This should settle legally what we already know i.e. that Article 50 notice can be withdrawn and Brexit stopped unilaterally by the UK Government
This is how Brexit happened.
As a businessman, Trump knows when a deal is good for one side...
Well fucking meaning.??? Yes to the EU..pure disrespect at the very minimum to 17.4m..
GE! It’s time we had a government whether Brexit or not! A bit of gravitas and diplomatic skill provided by a party with the country’s people in mind - the Corbyn Labour Party.
Will Noel be out in time to do a brexit version of deal or no deal?
That's rather sad: accept one toxic populist disaster like #BrexitChaos so as to avoid future ones? Where's the logic in this? And what about the majority of ppl that no longer support #brexit? This argument is ridiculous, to say the least! #StopBrexitNow #PeoplesVoteNow
Exactly why???
What could possibly go wrong?
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
The man who thinks the UK Brexit deal finds it hard to believe facts. Trump Doesn't 'Believe' His Own Government's Dire Report on Climate Change - VICE
PM’s Brexit deal ‘great’ for EU but not UK-US trade – Trump
The SNP complaining that the Tories have stolen the right of the SNP to sell out Scotland’s fishermen.......
Can’t they get those 48 letters in and get rid of her before while we still have a little credibility left in the world stage. The sooner the better for the good of the country.
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
#Brexit. Neither softly or hardly, just #Brexit.
... And SF said no to a 25 county Dáil and stormont in the past. They changed to accommodate GFA, a stepping stone. Taking seats you already won isn't hard. They could be Frank Maguires and sit as ind. Republicans. Brexit has fostered an odd atmosphere where anything may happen
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan? #Shropshire #Powys
The odds against May's Brexit deal being passed by the House of Commons have lengthened to 5 to 1 against.
Its all probably been planned by May &amp; co. Lets get a crap deal so people will get so fed up they will say sod it , just remain. Hold your nerve leavers. This deal is going to go tits up. Then strike. May gone. Proper brexit. Happy days.
Well, then how about we just scratch the Brexitshambles and admit it was a massive mistake by Dave, who walked away humming
BREXIT CRISIS: Labour's Kate Hoey fears huge 'Brexit CONSPIRACY is TRUE'
Why are so many people desperate for brexit at whatever cost?
Of course we couldn't do trade deals - we'd still be stuck with the EU's common external tariff and bound to EU rules. May's deal is not Brexit; it's an utter disgrace, and she has to go pronto!
Boom!
Brexit def stinks of piss, so could be either/or.
Who wants to tell him that the UK trades just fine with the US as part of the EU... or that they would trade even better if he were smart enough to champion #TTIP?
I don’t know what will follow a decisive rejection of the deal. I just know that it will be an abysmal shambles, writes
Serious Q for UK friends: Is Jo the good twin to evil Boris?
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
There are much more of us than that I would say, I live in Ireland and have Citizenship through my passport. There are plenty like me and no Citizenship Ceremony required. With Brexit many more English, Scots, Welsh will join me.
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
This deconstructs the Brexit falacy to its core: 'The paranoid fantasy behind Brexit'
Did you ask him if he’d vote through Corbyn’s jobs first Brexit? I’d ask him myself as I’m a constituent but he blocked me for asking about Labour’s appalling record on anti semitism
My Boris Brexit plan is Danger Norway
That's why those honest chaps were straight into trumps golden elevator. Better deals for them await. Youre a mug if you think your interests will be served by brexit.
WTF is "Super" Canada?....and if it really is Super why on earth would the EU give it to us?.......you're two years too late BoJo, should have took two years to prep for No Deal and left, too late now, vote for May's deal otherwise Brexit will be off.
This is hugely funny (and a bit sad): regrettably for German speakers only. Even our Nadine gets a mention.
You reap what you sow.
As Iain &amp; Michael just demonstrated in that tetchy-call, Brexit has got people pushing each-others' buttons in a way , politically, like I just cannot remember. From here in Belfast, I used to look a bit enviously on overall English ability to rise-above things.
This is an English driven Brexit. Scotland's voice has been shut out. That is not a union. And I instinctively am a fan of unions.
And yet.......
YOU don't matter, says the May government! #Brexit #ImaCeleb #Strictly #Conservatives
Our ancestors had to: take a boat attack a beach head under machine gun fire spill their blood across flanders Lose their best friends in the trenches All to defend the sovereignty of the UK and your freedom. All you have to do is get your ass to London. No risk to your life
BBC News - Nineteen months of #Brexit wrangling - and that's just a taster
Is it just me or does this track sound very #Brexit? Anyone else got any songs that remind them of Brexit that they'd like to post? Extrawelt - Soopertrack Original (High Quality) via
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade | One America News Network
Welcome to the Ministry Of Brexit.
Please don’t let Teresa May give us a week deal with the EU! I voted remain but I’m not crying about it as a nation we voted to leave so let’s not now bend over! Let’s leave and be confident in our ability to be independent! #LeaveMeansLeave
Your article is from June 2016. This this from almost 2 years later:
As opposed to the two years of raging certainty we’ve had already?
Radio journalist looking to talk to a patient re implications of no deal Brexit on healthcare. Ideally someone living in one jurisdiction and accessing healthcare in another(e.g. cross border worker) Anyone interested please let me know.
lol like there hasn't been already..
Which is another reason ... oh it’s just too easy.
We need a Labour govt to REMAIN in EU and continue to collaborate and co-operate with EU legislation on climate change. We do not need a BREXIT Labour govt. We have 28 countries working tog to protect the environment and climate, why destroy that by isolating UK. REMAIN IN EU
I've been speaking with my Belgian friend who now lives back in Belgium. My friend tells me that the #QueueJumpers comment from has been seen very negatively &amp; as insulting in his country + across Europe on their TV news channels. She's a disgrace to the UK. #Brexit
Get May out. That Brexit deal has us worse off than if we remained.
And add who’d either win hands down or be impossibly rude. Either way it would make it worth watching...
Apologies - I should also have said thank you for voting against this Brexit deal.
Found it so depressing watching the later exchanges in the Brexit debate.May batting so defensively and never answering the questions as ever.Thought there was some vote tonight,but seems to be in December and then this legality re the actual vote another confusing factor.
Did Theresa May even read this treaty.I can't believe any sane person would try and inflict this on the UK people.I can only think she made it so bad because she wants it voted out and then go for no Brexit.
Nigel Dodds: Brexit plan binds us into an EU straitjacket... we're heading for Brexit in name only or the break-up of UK
Is UK still a democracy? #PeoplesVoteNow
How is Theresa May's game plan in the country's interest?
Recent huge Channel 4 survey concluded that EBC area is no longer pro-Brexit: now a majority to Remain.
Corbyn wants to use a Brexit debate to take May on over her domestic policies - isn't this what PMQs is for?
Brexit: European court rejects British expats' referendum challenge
Aided and abetted by Labour.
Millions of voters want a 2nd referendum on Brexit, after hearing how the UK will run out of oxygen and fresh water within days of leaving the EU...
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade Gordon Rayner, political editor Ben Riley-Smith, us editor 26...
Looking more likely the choice is going to be between a 'no deal' &amp; a #PeoplesVote. With Corbyn, May, Trump, Kremlin &amp; 'non-elite' millionaires &amp; British quasi aristocracy lining up behind 'no deal' - and the 'elites' (aka non-wealthy) pushing for #PeoplesVote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I guess all news outlets need to report his considered responses but let’s not pretend they much matter one way or the other
There is nobreason why the US can’t continue the same trade relations with the UK as they had before Brexit.
Sensible
Piers Challenges New Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay on the PM's Brexit... via
Corbyn also already trying to minimise his exposure to debating Brexit in favour of domestic policy instead
"The hospital trusts, all in England, recorded a 22% increase in the number of EU nationals leaving their jobs according to the figures supplied," Freedom of Information Act responses of 82 hospital trusts shows
England would be fine, we've been carrying the other UK countries for too long now, let the EU soldiers get killed stopping the Irish killing each other.
I enjoyed how Coldplay was a far more contentious topic than Brexit.
Without seeing the FTA our ’deal’ is incomparable. There are loads of benefits for Norway in trade and deals. You are aksing for blind brexit and saying its better than Norway.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
The evidence so far, is that there are hardly enough such far right people to fill a caravan, let alone mount any serious “resurgence”.
..MPs should make it as challenging as possible! The clock is irrelevant.
Why should May be interested in prospective trade deals when she has no intention of us leaving the EU, anyway? Apart from that, dealing with Trump would be against her politics (just as leaving the EU is).
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
Brexit and the Trump tariffs have been financial disasters for their respective countries.
Interestingly, having spent some time looking, I couldn't locate in Parliament during today's PM statement about the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement. There was a fair amount of squirming on the front bench though!
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade -
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
any comments?
Its well known around the world that British MP's are always for sale. Its just a matter of price.
Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
If Brexit leaves us £100billion a year worse off, feel free to present your costed public spending plan, complete with identified and ameliorated cuts.
Brexit: Theresa May begins to sell Brexit deal to skeptical UK
Oh dear again!
I swear to God. We were almost out of the woods with getting Brexit done. Whether it's a shit deal or not, I think more people care about getting Brexit complete rather than spending ages getting a good deal. Why does Trump have to curse us with his endorsement?
"At what point was it decided by the PM that Brexit means remain?" - Andrea Jenkyns MP A seminal moment, l nearly swallowed my chocolate eclair the wrong way.
You must be easily pleased in that wee world of your own! This is a worthless deal amounting to a Brexit surrender that will never be acceptable to Brexiters while simultaneously selling out every r Remain voter. May has negotiated a genuine lose-lose deal.
TRUMP BOMBSHELL: No US-UK Trade Deal if we accept May's Sellout Brexit Deal | Politicalite UK | Unreported News, Politics and Opinion
Parliament is now getting a firm grip on May she's used every dirty and underhanded tactic against Democracy and the Labour Party. The Tories created Brexit, May fed it and helped spread its divisions. They own it.
We need to Brexit STAT! Our memes are in danger.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop the dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Well done Marsha lets have a #PeoplesVote
We are talking about Mays challenge to Corbyn ( not Stugeon, Lucas etc) but Corbyn 2 televised debate on HER DEAL, not his view on Brexit but, HER DEAL! AND who should HOST it!!! IS THAT CLEARER?
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News. Quite honestly the way you treat your friends the UK might be just fine then!
Please run into a wall head first. Maybe you can come away from it better off.
Petition to High Court.Hillary and PM from 98 onwards were involved in kidnapping and murder of Pioneers children and placing clonesThey cashed life policies and accessed my Trust in far East and Dubai.Petition also states PM stole Brexit Money from Trust. KIDS SWITCHED
You ain't seen nothing yet - if May's awful Brexit' deal gets passed.
Isn’t chlorine added to our drinking water David? - It’s added to toothpaste and mouthwash and occurs naturally in lots of vegetables. The odd duck lands in my pool but never chickens. Are you saying they will after #Brexit? Enjoy your floating KFC.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Andrew doesn't talk for anyone but himself! I'm a remainer like you but in my opinion he's not biased either way whatever his viewpoints and he challenges bullshit on both sides of the Brexit argument!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
and Gavin Esler
The latest The UKmedia Daily! Thanks to #brexit #bbcafoty
I think that pinstripe jibe was more aimed at the organisers of remain camp in 2016 ref than all remainers. But I’m with you - it’s worth a try. The 1st ref was a false prospectus. Further, if we Brexit we will be poorer &amp; more divided. Neither course of action is risk free.
#CowardlyCorbyn wouldn't argue to #Remain
"The hospital trusts, all in England, recorded a 22% increase in the number of EU nationals leaving their jobs according to the figures supplied," BestForBritain Freedom of Information Act responses of 82 hospital trusts shows
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Courtesy of the website for the pic: What leader was thinking after meeting #TheresaMay to discuss #Brexit and the fact #Scotland voted #Remain &amp; understand the #EU &amp; what it can do for civic society, whatever your politics when you engage.
Thought it was supposed to be sunny uplands.....not jam.
Maybe you should check to see where your own bollocks are located? GIs are a subset of EU regulations for trade, and are therefore thoroughly compromised by Brexit, unless a new trade agreement is made with the huge £1.6m market of Mozambique.
This could very well make Christmas a bit crap. Fifteen days to get your sh*t together Labour, et al. #Brexit
The GE2017 campaign said it all. The 6 red lines must be met and Labour wouldn't countenance a "hard, damaging Brexit". Trap set, now sprung.
Its the next step that is important. No general election.... No fake 2nd referendum with three choices to slpit the vote and rob us of Brexit. Dump May and walk away.
What kind of Brexit has Theresa May dealt us where we can't strike a trade deal with our oldest and greatest ally??
The UK government has said the UK will remain in the EU ETS until 2020 but after that...? They're saying it'll be replaced with a tax, and we currently have the carbon price floor propping up the ETS price so have the mechanisms already in place.
Listen, and understand that the Maybot is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until #Brexit is dead. #BrexitDeal
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' by 2030 - BBC News
Imagine what kind of deal we would get from him if we had no choice.
....after all the Trump-hate, you now use him to discredit the Brexit deal? Instant credibility when you need it!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop the dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
It’s mere existence is poison to many, regardless of the merits of the scheme. With Brexit you’re not dealing with open minds after all.
If I offer you a product, I need to be able to describe it, prove it exists in a marketable form, and prove that I can deliver it. Westminster offered the UK Brexit. They can't describe it, they can't prove it exists, and they can't deliver it. Trading Standards should look.
#Brexit we'll miss you Britain! But the door will remain open to you in the future #EU hope to see you again!
Theresa may is giving things out she can’t promise as soon as labour hits government, Prime minister now wants TV debates so everyone can call in and tell her what a traitor she is and making people suffer poverty, austerity, universal credit, That go well won’t it Lol #Brexit
Most of the Brexit coverage has been about things that might happen, but didn't. When something actually happens, whether leave or stay, I predict that talking heads shall explode, or equally possible, they shall implode.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop the dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
So iScot in the EU wouldn't be independent? It's an interesting view I guess. I think the benefits of Brexit were overstated.
Brexit Means no Deal Whatsoever. You certainly are not anything like Margaret Thatcher
Teresa May celebrating Brexit Deal
She is a disgrace
#RealityCheck the #RealityCheck - This hashtag is one used in propagandising with polished veneer. appears well intentioned, but fails to deliver balance or challenge once again. The BBC is regurgitating the agenda of the conservative shambles and their funded interests!
'Shouty Stop Brexit man' crashes BBC broadcast with EU flag despite five-metre high platform - Evening Standard - Well the saying goes ‘empty vessels make the most noise’ QED
The idea that Brexit + the social issues plaguing the UK don’t explicitly intersect, is to my mind, an unfathomable conclusion. I guess we’ll have to agree to disagree. I remain unconvinced that Corbyn believes in the EU project. For a progressive voter, that’s deeply problematic
Come of it Kevin, he was as useless at the dispatch box as ever May isn’t much better but she does know the detail on Brexit
low #productivity = low wages. Raise productivity: investment (put off by Brexit, lowering economy 2.5% already) &amp; close skills gap #StopBrexit #ToriesOut
#Gibraltar has been in my heart 24 hours aday, for 5 years at least, by then i was not on Twitter. it will continue be so until i die i'm still young though :) #Brexit me ASAP
Mrs May in her bunker. There is nothing whatever to admire in someone who will not face facts or listen - especially when she has promised faithfully to deliver on something as important as Brexit - and does not do it.
yes I really do mean the worth of boast worlds
I will NOT be backing the #REMAIN #Deal thanks. #BREXIT #LEXIT #LEAVE #LeaveMeansLeave #TheresaMayResign
This man must be drinking to much of his own products. He hasn’t a scoopy doo on this issue another than promoting his own product. Please get someone sensible who has a real understanding. We’ve had enough of charlatans on Brexit selling snake oil.
"It was a funeral masquerading as a baptism. In Brussels, Theresa May’s Brexit deal was welcomed into the world by the UK’s 27 soon-to-be-ex-partners and the priesthood of the European commission."
Quite astonishing, Corbyn (whose view on the EU I don’t agree with) is being blamed for Brexit. Where have these people been for the last 25 + years?
Yes. We are. The chances of a No Deal brexit, in practice, are insignificant. And sorry, it's not a compromise, it was a complete capitulation to every single one of the EU's demands, it is, in the nicest possible terms, a shit deal. And frankly, I don't care if we have to work
Ozzy Osbourne doesn't know what Brexit is
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop the dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
"It was a funeral masquerading as a baptism. In Brussels, Theresa May’s Brexit deal was welcomed into the world by the UK’s 27 soon-to-be-ex-partners and the priesthood of the European commission."...
Nope, but if you write a whitewash report for you have a good chance.
You’re never gonna know, not one of em has got the spine to do it !! “Hard Brexit” “Crashing Out” it’s none of these it’s just leaving and using WTO just like everywhere else.
I really wish I knew who people were in politics...is it even called politics? I dont know anyone. Oh god Im so confused. I dont even understand the words they say on the news about all this Brexit stuff. I dont know what a Merkel is.
Prime Minister Theresa May has confirmed the date of the “meaningful vote” on Brexit
Brutal cost of May’s #Brexit is £100bn Mike Tyson haymaker aimed at British people
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Will MPs vote for Brexit deal?
An idea. Let's make it a condition of any #brexit deal payment that the EU is fully and satisfactorily audited for EVERY one of the last n years when it hasn't been, and that any missing/unaccounted for cash is subtracted from the settlement.
Penshaw monument is great. I was there a few weeks back. I've been to Sunderland many times and I thank them for voting for Brexit. That said, maybe lighten up? If someone slags of my town (London) I don't care a jot.
There’s no good Brexit. Let’s just not do it.
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
I feel bad for what's going to happen in the #UK because of the #brexit
Time for a quick snap poll on #Brexit &amp; #Bitcoin Only one hour of voting! When Mrs May resigns
The numbers don't stack up for her whats going on?
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Placating or accommodating to the far right is always seen by them as endorsement and/or tacit support.
the-guardian-uk|MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December|
The bias of against Brexit has been shameful at times.
May facing ‘NUCLEAR MELTDOWN’ over Brexit division as PM gathers Cabinet
Interesting, because it looks like two days ago, she supported right-wing reactionary position on migrant
id love to see a flexciteer invited
We go live to the May vs. Corbyn Brexit debate
Re Brexit: Has anyone ever talked about how people who spend a lot of time on the continent (with motorhomes, caravans and boats) will, after brexit, be limited to just 90 days in europe. That is going to destroy many people's lives and it never gets a mention.
The latest The CCsexyshop Daily! Thanks to #brexit #blouin
When he has sanctioned brexit and the economic collapse of the UK. Plenty to do but no money...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
. reacts to 's #Brexit agreement saying it "sounds like a good deal for the EU" but it may hinder UK-US trade. More on the US president's reaction to the deal here:
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May's Disappointing Brexit Deal... via
Brexit will make many Britons poorer - this will fuel resentment and the #Brexiteers will find scapegoats. The idea that #populism will be sated by #Brexit is delusional. #politicsofinevitability
Just when you thought it couldn’t get any worse.... #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitAgreement #BrexitChaos
A bull in a china shop, wants to wreck the entire world order hoping the US will somehow come on top. That is a big gamble
Does anyone believe anything this buffoon says any more?
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
BREXIT ...
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop the dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Yes Angry Ben, it be Brexit!
#FBPE; "Because Jeremy Corbyn won't oppose the Tories in the ineffective and disastrous way we wanted him to, Theresa May's set to lose the Brexit vote, but we're shouting about never voting Labour again, keeping the Tories in power rather than opposing".
PLEASE . I believe in your integrity, but cannot understand why you still support a harmful #Brexit?
So the Q is, who when where what how, was Trump talking “Brexit” with?
independent|Brexit voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, new academic study finds|
One thing’s for sure: If Trump likes May’s Brexit deal... then it most likely isn’t a good one.
Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit
Thread
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop the dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
The main one is that there isn't another one on offer, no matter what deluded and #ERG fantasists think. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BackTheBrexitDeal #StandUp4Brexit
This is starting to remind me of an old-style Soviet broadcaster determinedly refusing to show any dissent
BIGGEST problem with Theresa May , She's a First Class Traitor and once you know your dealing with a Traitor their actions become very clear.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop the dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
All those little Englanders who evoke Thatcher in support of Brexit need to remember that she was instrumental in ensuring our entry into the Single Market.
Everyone else is wrong Sammy the f00l is right as well as the DUP. This is the real pic of Sammy that got his kn1ckers caught in the Brexit fence.
Seriously, we can no longer vote conservatives and labour. It’s time for change we need a new party such as UKIP who will deliever Brexit. Whether the Tommy appointment they are the only strong party who can deliver Brexit and free speech we must not stop supporting
ONE MORE FOR YOU. I AM SURE THAT YOU WILL AGREE THAT IT IS BETTER THAN LISTENING TO BBC BREXIT COVERAGE:
No I think a really good indicator is a General election not some half arsed referendum (like the last one) asking us to choose between 2 possibilities when the deal to sell the UK to the US had already been signed
Theresa may is giving things out she can’t promise as soon as labour hits government, Prime minister now wants TV debates so everyone can call in and tell her what a traitor she is and making people suffer poverty, austerity, universal credit, That go well won’t it Lol #Brexit
What about Pensions? The Mandelson Pension Clause: The UK must promise never to tax former EU officials based here – such as Peter Mandelson or Neil Kinnock – on their E.U. pensions, or tax any current ones on their salaries. The EU and its employees are immune to our tax laws.
May is mauled in Parliament as she fights to save her Brexit deal - Daily Mail
We are the invisibles to . Our voices must be minimised or the 'peoples will' 'all bored with #Brexit' 'just get on with it' trope would be undermined.
betraying #Brexit
Blame yourselves Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
So-called British Prime Minister Theresa May is the enemy of independent Britain and she is an ally of the Globalists. President Trump is anti-Globalist. Of course Trump should under cut Theresa May on this Fake Brexit deal.
Theresa May confident on Brexit deal passing - Washington Times
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It does look like we are going to need a UKIP Brexit. 17,400,000 votes for UKIP should sort it. Come on Nigel oust Batten #newsnight
Rees-Mogg repeats claim Treasury is 'fiddling' Brexit figures
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop the dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Heaven Help us if we lose America as an ally
May is mauled in Parliament as she fights to save her Brexit deal - Daily Mail
Brexit proponent demands debate with fellow Brexit proponent....
Alain Ducasse, who has 18 #Michelin stars, reflects on more than a decade of food in the #British capital as he opens his first #chocolate boutique in #London via
Always helpful.
Very interesting #Brexit meeting this evening with and the British Embassy. Still debating it in the hotel bar! Thanks for visiting Salzburg, Leigh
I like to think of myself as European but this photograph reminds me of how satisfying it can be sometimes to be British.
Rees-Mogg makes SHOCK border revelation - HIDDEN agreement in May's EU deal
So, is this the real reason why the ERG don’t like the PM’s withdrawal agreement? Isn’t this why and others have been in the USA looking for ways to line their pockets? #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain #Endthechaos
WATCH: BBC fails with new platform to block out anti-Brexit campaigners
Penshaw monument is great. I was there a few weeks back. I've been to Sunderland many times and I thank them for voting for Brexit. That said, maybe it's worth lightening up? If someone slags off my town (London) I don't care a jot.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Or Article 104) Furthermore, the UK agrees not to prosecute EU employees who are, or who might be deemed in future, criminals (Art.101) The pre-existing rights of EU citizens are to be extended to citizens of Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. They will be pleased.
because she has poor advisors, where the hell did she get them from.
Scooby Denmark
:) Viral fame for Brexit sign language interpreter - BBC News
Save Brexit march on the 9th Dec via
This is the moment panelists on Iain Dale's Brexit debate found something to agree on in Theresa May's withdrawal deal.
Crap. Any country can deal with any country, EU or not, WTO or not TTIP or not. We buy and sell billions with the USA now. The man is a pathological liar and should be ignored. Especially by Fox and Resmog.
don’t delete your tweet when you asked for my opinion...
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
the attitudes of MACRON TUSK JUNKER MERKEL ETC, CAN YOU WONDER WHY UK IS LEAVING,NOT ONE CAN BE TRUSTED. SCUM
Scotland and Ireland united are European Union DEFEND THE WALL! #brexit
Brexit and a new political dialogue
They're not conserving, they're CONning the people. #Brexit
isn't that what Obama said?
And then the contradictions ....
Are you supporting #Brexit negotiations.
Yeah. This article #Brexit on May's terms is either a dogs dinner or a can of poisonous worms. She is about to humiliate the UK, whatever happens. Xenophobic and myopic in equal measure.
Listen, and understand that the Maybot is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until #Brexit is dead. #BrexitDeal
the spectacle of the Blairite brahmins accusing Corbynites of not speaking for the people. Two bald men fighting over a comb.
Someone else's fault Again
Cba with the gremlins on facebook sharing their opinions on Brexit.
Just take that in £100 Billion poorer EACH YEAR... but never mind let’s keep foot on the pedal off the edge of the Cliff!
Just the first few links when searching Labour members Brexit poll. Btw, not very kind of you to refer to a drug addict like that
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Is a gobshite, not a scientist and certainly not a President. Delusional twat.
The EU is petrified that the whole thing is going to topple. The whole pantomime of Brexit is to warn the rest.
Here is Governments own paper which explains why no deal is a fiasco and why business would rather have current deal.
That’ll be another globalist achievement then, they’re turning the world upside down.
#Brexit #BrexitDeal isn't it strange that it is only now dawning on people that Brexit means more than a flag waving tea party! Brexit does not mean TMay's deal it seems - Brexit means no deal - a disorderly or orderly total exit and that's that. Who knew that in 2016?
If this is true it needs to be stopped now.
Isaiah 36:12 But Raab C Brexit said: Hath my master sent me to thy master and to thee to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men that sit upon the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
EU Leaders Seal Brexit Deal, Call on Britons to Back May
This is cloud cuckoo politics. It will never happen.
What on earth gives you hope that Labour will offer a #PeoplesVote? That's just wishful thinking. Corbyn is pro Brexit and not showing any sign of a changing position.
We had a general election last year, two years after the previous one, but apparently it would be undemocratic to have a referendum more than two years after the previous one. Brexit fans have an interesting notion of democracy.
Can we return those shitty F-35B planes for a full refund? £92m x 35 = £3.22 Billion. That's a susbstantial chunk of the Brexit divorce bill right there.
Amen to this.
Please explain how this is a good use of my tax money by your colleagues. Surely continue free movement for NHS colleagues from EU post Brexit is the answer. P.S this answer didn’t cost £96k
Aha, ok. So essentially we just need to continue methods of gentle persuasion (which are working) and enable Parliament to put country and people before brexit and unregulated risk.
Stopping Brexit is the best way to address the climate crisis but you are doing nothing of the sort. I used to be a Labour supporter... Never again. Your leadership is weak.
I swear this whole thing is like we are cutting off our feet and loudly proclaiming we can win a dance competition.
How #FakeNews works. Meet the #KGB Spies Who Invented it. Excellent documentary. #disinformation #propaganda #brexit #trump #DemocracyUnderThreat
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' Poor old Theresa May; she's had it now!
Time for a quick snap poll on #Brexit &amp; #Bitcoin Only one hour of voting! When Mrs May resigns
[Labour] «would only be willing to consider a debate that pitched the two main party leaders against each other, leaving no space for an proponent of a second referendum.»
She just can't answer the question honestly
After all, at least one needs to disagree with Brexit and so represent the current majority. But it won’t happen.
PM confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Trump conclusively condemn May’s #brexit plan as unworkable for enabling USA trade deal....so much for a special relationship Theresa .
Yeah Teresa - let’s not go back to Square 1. Let’s go back to before we took this shitty #brexit game out of the box. #remain #PeoplesVoteNow #PeoplesVote
My hostage to fortune: Deal fails by huge vote. Some tweaks. May trhen says if deal passes commons, she will resign as Tory leader and propose a GE by Brexit Day so Corbyn/New Tory leader can negotiate "post-transition" agreement with clear mandate. If Lab abstains, deal passes.
Well worth a read... #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Good job they won’t support her ...
Lesson from 1939 not learned! #Nato and #Europe must stand up to #Russia or risk a slide to war. Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
Good, hurry up #Brexit and get out of the EU now!!!
proving to be more of an opposition than the actual opposition. sort it out chaps. My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Hi David, yes, that Mick Fennell. Saw your comment on something, probably Brexit related, thought it was good, spotted the name, Marno, and David Marrinan, suspected it was you. Hope you and yours are doing well? I'm more of a voyeur than an active Twitterer.nice to be connected.
Not just the young Anna. As a child of the 80s I knew you were all vile anyway.
Trump says Brexit deal could mean that U.K. can't trade with U.S.
Trump says Brexit deal may hit US trade
Theresa May has to make sure Brexit is a resounding failure, that has been her job from day one.
Many MPs - from all parties - will be getting their P45s if they vote FOR Theresa May's shambolic 'agreement'. It's not worth the paper it's written on &amp; will shackle the UK to a 'Hotel California'-type situation permanently. No country would willingly do that
Theresa May expressed an interest in better relations with Russia. #Brexit is in large part a result of external influences and #InformationWarfare. Why wouldn't people in favor of #Brexit rethink their support? Don't you think a decision you make should be your own?
Put Theresa May’s #brexitdeal &amp; letter on one side of a set of scales, and Victim Impact Statements from everyone whose life she has devastated with #Brexit thus far on the other (bearing in mind we haven’t left), and just scream into the void because people will still vote Tory.
So we're left with waffle, avoidance and lying from #Brexit
Needless to say, the Irish company even in the post Brexit world has a legitimate purpose and has had.
It’s not in Corbyn or his mentors at Momentum’s interest to halt Brexit. That much is patently obvious. For him this is the sole route to No.10.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
They haven't. Never trust someone with GTTO in their name, they are Corbyn cult who just troll fake news. They are pro Brexit
Stop watching Watch an unbiased news - Channel4 and Sky News. BBC shameful, stop that licence fee. Or sack the management. BBC seems to be past its sellby date. Last week QT speakers were ALL leavers or Remainers who'd changed to Leave. Disgrace.
#Gibraltar has been in my heart 24 hours aday, for 5 years at least, by then i was not on Twitter. it will continue be so until i die i'm still young though :) #Brexit me ASAP
In particular Gove, who rejects the position of Brexit minister, doesn't resign, then more recently comes out in favour of the deal ...am I missing something? Has he been offered a knighthood too?
#Brexit is basically just a twat-magnet...
After Brexit, we'll all be glugging our imperial measures of tripe.
I'm totally guilty of this. Except the very informed part. I don't even seem that way.
Fight Brexit Fatigue. Stop Brexit. Stop this monumental self harm.
Check out what I found. NEW 18M TARTAN STAG SCOTTISH CHRISTMAS WRAP KRAFT STAG WRAP via #cotland #glasgow #tartan #redtartan #notonthehighstreet #noths #stagpaper #trartanstagpaper #iloveshopping #bull #brexit
Mike Harding sums up my views perfectly.
Breaking news: Donald Trump warns Theresa May's deal is good for the EU but Britain may not be able to trade with the US. Listen to all the headlines and more on podcast, Amazon Alexa and Spotify. #Brexit #DonaldTrump #TheresaMay #news #breakingnews
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I liked a video EU leaders agree Brexit deal - BBC News
FL: US President Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK – US trade November 26, 2018 at 09:22PM
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Justin it’s because they have agreed a common rulebook. May is basically throwing away the benefits of Brexit which is why Leavers are saying her deal is worse than Remaining.
Speaking for the people is only OK if the people speak in the language of Blairism and muh centrism. Everything else the people are bastards, idiots, and thats evil populism
Brexit Means no Deal Whatsoever
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
There are many more MPs who say they will vote down the deal than vote for it. MPs may support or oppose the bill for a number of reasons: those on the...
Dear , , , , Please don't let Corbyn have his undemocratic way. All views, including pro #PeoplesVote need to be heard. Thanks Ali
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade | Daily Mail Online
Brexit is a mess. We need someone to cut through the crap and tell it like it is. Take a bow Raab C. Brexit - a brilliant Twitter feed that pulls no punches on Brexit and the political “numpty haverers”. Definitely worth following.
That is the problem with Brexit right there. We keep getting told it’s what the average brit voted for. The problem is, the average brit is thick.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
If you arent a racist i can see no other reason for your blind support for brexit.
Tony on now speaks well. Global Brexit would be massively successful to Uk
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal #PeoplesVote
Bad news for #LockheedMartin, #Raytheon, #Boeing, other #US suppliers: Germany and France want Dassault Aviation to cooperate with Airbus, and Rheinmetall to team up with Krauss-Maffei Wegmann/Nexter defense. #Brexit #EU #defense #Germany #France #UK #Nato
Has Brexit been cancelled yet?
If ever there was a moment for May to cut her losses in courting Trump and just say, “Look, he’s an idiot, ignore him,” this might be it.
It's your deal fucking wank muffin and before anyone blames ollie Robbins what the hell were you being paid for seeing as you are so totally useless
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Go do one May!
Jed giving us some key political facts on brexit in sound check
So we need to tip toe around bigots and others that threaten violence if their decision was questioned as the decision came with damaging consequences. And before anyone suggests, Im not classing Brexit voters with violent ppl. Just saying the ones threatening violence are idiots
I don’t remember seeing that detail on my ballot paper! I mustn’t have been paying attention or I had a different one!
Labour Brexit for me ta
UK Parliament will vote on the #Brexit deal on December 11th. #Democracy #politics #PoliticsToday
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Here is the account you've been waiting for.
I voted for Brexit and have been a lifelong Conservative voter however, the EU deal does not deliver the Brexit I and millions of others voted for and will be hijacked by Spain and France. It is the worst of all worlds. No deal is better than this deal #Walkaway
'We feared it would not be possible': EU grimly satisfied as Brexit plan pays off via
If you’re a Butcher in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in the South East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
I’m not sure there will be a leadership challenge till after Brexit, I think pretty much immediately, it’s currently a poison chalice &amp;was when she got the job, I’m pretty sure there isn’t anything more to gain at the euro table I think Junker and pals will dig their heels in 1/2
The tree that doesn't bend, breaks. does not flex, and she will disappear along with her proposal. A minority Tory government, there must be Tory MPs cacking themselves as they see remainers &amp; leavers united against this Botched Brexit proposal from May.
Any chance I could be granted asylum from this madness??!!
#DonaldTrump warns Theresa May's #Brexit deal could stop US-UK trade
Just back from visit to with MSc Criminology students. Meeting with Office of Science and Technology and then watched May's statement on Brexit. Amazing experience! Thanks for organising it all (not Brexit obviously!)
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' -
If you are sick of Leavers saying THEY are prepared to withstand any damage they bring down on YOUR family, please don't read this.. BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
It's nice to see a piece which which really explores the nuance of what fishermen think about Brexit, rather than making lots of generalising statements!
THIS CANNOT BE REAL #brexit
I get why the Westminster drama is exciting, but really this story should be framed around the real, era-defining consequences: whether the deal will mean a disastrous Brexit or an apocalyptic one.
This is the that caused the / #Brexit who ensured his two children got German passports. #BrexitFraud #Brexfraud #2ndReferendum
We can leave properly by leaving with no deal!
The option was already agreed at conference 2018, keep up.
“Brexit,” said Stephen, “is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.” #LiteraryBrexit
Will MPs vote for Brexit deal? #IHeartPolitics
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Scotland didn’t vote for Brexit! Is it going to be real news, or just a load of British propaganda?
So it's the Muslim's that are causing brexit. I knew it.
Because #Corbyn wants #Brexit. A Better #Brexit. A Deluxe #Brexit. A Jobs First #Brexit. An Added Legroom #Brexit A 33% Extra #Brexit. A #Labour #Brexit Washes Whiter #Brexit.
Disgusting and vile by May.
Just an opinion. Markets hypersensitive to this. QQQ down post market on Trump saying he's going ahead with 25% tarrifs. It's the most event risk since BREXIT.
Who exactly do you prefer? LibDems who have said they will vote FOR Mrs May's "deal!" You know the party all the FBPE's said would never back Brexit? Yay, they show once more they are devoted to Tories. Probably looking for a bit of power again or maybe take place of DUP.
Perhaps anti-Brexit Steve deserves a cameo at a window in the work of
Some proponents of Brexit believe that they can just walk out, leaving their commitments behind, including those related to Northern Ireland. The EU wants an orderly Brexit. The UK has committed to no hard border on the island of Ireland. We’re holding them to that commitment.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Border issue cooked up by Fine Gael &amp; Sinn Fein on either side of it &amp; with full backing from #brussels where Mairead McGunness is EC vice president. #brexit
I'm guessing that the has little or absolutely no idea about what he's talking about here. Not an idea at all.
KAVANAGH is spot on "Theresa May must go . . . and quickly Why would the 17.4million suckers who voted Out in 2016 and put their faith in Theresa May to deliver Brexit ever trust the Tories again? I certainly wouldn’t."
I think David Lammy is Brussels brainwashed.
With Trump weighing in on #Brexit, excited for him to share his thoughts on the Falklands when he makes it to Argentina later this week
What will happen to all those celebratory 50p pieces they must have already made? #brexshit #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
#Brexit D-Day.
Interesting... too grown up a scenario to happen though, right?
I think this loss would be irrelevant and totally expected by her. The end-game now is to go for a 2nd vote and overturn Brexit totally. It is what the eu (not enough respect to capitalise) always achieve if a vote goes against their wishes.
BBC News - Wales less prosperous after Brexit deal, says first minister
Seems to be kippers who have a thing for nazi flags.
I'd never vote Labour, Lib Dems or the Green party! I'm feeling very betrayed by the Tories - I voted LEAVE, then on the strength of the Mansion &amp; Lancaster House speeches plus the Tory Manifesto, I voted Conservative. Unless, we get a Clean Brexit, I will never vote Tory again!
trouble is, the gift keeps giving x
So let's support the #LibDems, a party which has clearly and consistently argued for #StopBrexitSaveBritain
#Trump warns May's #Brexit deal may hinder #UK trade with US
They definitely started as a part of this , although it may have been to give corbyn the slap needs here. ( my only disagreement with him). They don’t get that if labour take power they will then be blamed for whatever the brexit aftermath is!
What has this Thunderc**t have to do with Brexit? Oh, Right! I forgot, Trump-Tory-Brexit. #TheResistance #Resist #FBPE #PeoplesVote
Brexit as we voted. It is that simple we leave the EU. Great Britain will find it's way, away from the globalist EU. Who is aware of the kalergi plan? Who informed us about the Barcelona declaration? Marakesh treaty. Our PM is about to sign the UN migration pact.
The 17.4M were betrayed by thosr who told lies, such as that the UK could remain in the SM post Brexit, UK can be like Norway and £350M extra for NHS.
Done it! I’ve won! I’ve stopped Brexit! Huzzah!
Have donated. Thank you for all you do Caroline. One of the few politicians with total integrity.
“Let’s get rid of European food regulation. Brexit will be brilliant”.
Andrew please comment on the post Brexit trade relationship and the political declaration as the “deal” describes it.
The most vocal non-Ken Tory Remain voice has caved. What has she been offered? Peerage? Cash? The Isle of Wight?
When you set fire to your homework by accident
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Hang on, let me think....because you're Brexit enablers; you've spurned the chance to support a second referendum; you're all complicit in the cult of Jeremy; you're contributing to the decimation of this country. Need any more?
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Amazing that - yet again - we are 45 minutes in &amp; still not single voice, from any party, including Tories, backing 's Brexit deal. Even ultra loyalist Michael Fallon now puts the boot in - "is it really wise to trust future of our economy to use 'best endeavours'"?
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
Love how the Media here was outraged by Kashoggi murder, yet have 0 problem interviewing Blair, who works/ed with the K's murderer, every 5 minutes...
Nineteen months of Brexit wrangling - and that's just a taster
With the "meaningful vote" on the #Brexit deal set to be held on 11 December, this is worth watching again
HEAR HEAR. #FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The report was produced by The National Institute of Economic and Social Research's (NIESR) study modeled different Brexit scenarios against a baseline of staying in the EU. Who is the NIESR? The link is to the BBC
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I think you'll find you're wrong again. Any government in power has a duty to deliver upon its manifesto. In this case it's a Tory one that includes specific and direct pledges to #brexit and the referendum.
The BBC have obviously been fixing news coverage in favour of brexit and brexit supporting media for some time Now that brexit is coming apart and Auntie is likely to be forced into an amazing volte face, is there any chance of one of Auntie's bigwigs apologising? Do you think?
When May is unable to get her Brexit ‘deal’ through Parliament, she will have been defeated on a major bill &amp; one of the biggest constitutional changes for the past few decades. That itself is a no confidence issue &amp; consensus is she’d have to go following that defeat.
I love it when you speak of Brexit &amp; forward other people’s articles &amp; opinions. I live in Canada, but love that your Twitter is more than your recipes.
May and E.U. Leaders Reach Historic Agreement on Brexit Deal Nobody Wants | By Chas Danner
And seriously, dude, if you're supporting Brexit while complaining about politicians struggling with political reality, it's genuinely hard to overstate how thin that ice is.
This is so true... Jeremy voted against the Neoliberal order against the Blairites whips but in the spirit of true socialist Labour members and never with the Tories. #JC4PM
I rarely concur with Corbyn but this is relevant as we’re all human beings and must stand together with our fellow humans in distress, it’s why I am a European &amp; English &amp; a citizen of the world &amp; why I reject #BREXIT because of the ‘me first’ isolationist mentally not economics
...and if Parliament votes for #PeoplesVote, Theresa May will resign Good. Go.
First Bruce, now Ozzy...
Is 'bored with brexit ' new catch phrase, following her highly successful &amp; extremely popular 'strong &amp; stable' from the 2017 GE? That went well didn't it Theresa? #PeoplesVote
Are you mental? We are worse off than before. UK had a far better deal than the rest of EU as we were, the "Brexit deal" has basically just given away those benefits. Neither Brexitiers or Remainers should be happy with the utter crap May has delivered. Get May out!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
All MPs should vote according to the referendum result, ie Brexit. This deal does not deliver Brexit. Therefore all MPs should vote this deal down. I have today emailed my MP, Mark Pritchard, of my intention to vote Labour in the next GE if this deal is voted in.
#Remain lacks a leader #Brexit has the nutter section of the #Tory party helped of course by the #BBC
Something Labour frontbench might like to consider
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Divide &amp; conquer. Trump style. So much for the #specialrelationship. Imagine how much fun Trump would have if there ever were a US-UK trade agreement negotiation. If UK feels bullied by EU now, just wait until Trump and team kick them when they are down. #Brexit
I am listening to a podcast in French about Brexit. Now I will admit that the sample is limited, but the opinions range from casual indifference all the way to bemused sadness via one guy who can’t stop laughing. I don’t speak the language well, but I don’t think we look good.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
"I have yet to be convinced that he can get from around 260 (if you assume, generously, the support for the deal of 15 Labour rebels) to 320."
"I have yet to be convinced that he can get from around 260 (if you assume, generously, the support for the deal of 15 Labour rebels) to 320."
Brexit: European court rejects British expats' referendum challenge
Brexit is insane nonsense. Always was. UK citizens lose FOM, jobs, prosperity and in some cases lives due to Brexit. This is an evil government with a useless opposition. Nothing is gained by any Brexit - rule takers not rule makers &amp; much worse off. NHS any future?
So #Brexit has come down to it’s end run. Accept May’s deal or settle for no deal. The sooner Noel Edmonds is evicted from “I’m a Celebrity.....” the sooner he can get back to the UK to sort out Theresa’’s ‘Deal or No Deal’ quandary.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
Theresa May faces Brexit showdown in Commons on 11 December as anger grows over deal
Gina Miller in The Guardian emotes Emile Zola in her attack on Corbyn over Brexit. Give me a fucking break.
Brexit: Trump says deal means UK may not trade with US
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade - The time has now come for her to go before she does any more damage. (NEW)
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
A #GeneralElectionNow is pointless because the Tories would easily win one. Why? Because #Corbyn opposes all three Brexit options: May's #WithdrawalAgreement, #NoDealBrexit and a #PeoplesVote. No clear Brexit policy = unelectable.
Labour conference decided that we would prioritise a general election. a 2nd vote is a last option. brexit hasn't been voted on in parliament yet so we don't know which way things are going to go. as it stands Corbyns job is to tell the public how he can curate leave better.
Everything you need to know about the customs union and what happens after Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
My MP is 'Nicki Morgan' who is an 'EU' Quisling Remainer and Betrayer of her Pro-Brexit voting Constituents. She will also be voted Out of Office in the next Election.
Reason for #Brexit
Donald Trump says the Theresa Mays brexit deal is good for the EU. So even he gets it right sometimes!
The people of Britain may be fed up with Brexit, but it doesn't even compare to how fed up Susanna Reid is with Piers Morgan
Also on #TonightVMT
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
That has already been decided in 2016 when people voted to leave. What is now under debate is the UK's post Brexit status.
Thing is, I think it's the opposite. They're both tied by their party lines. May is a remainer backing Brexit &amp; Corbyn is a Brexiteer backing remain. It's fucked, to say the least.
You know this is pure spin? There is no revelation here. Parliament can instruct the PM to do whatever it likes. The question that is unclear - and can only be answered by the CJEU - is whether an instruction to revoke Brexit would be effective as a matter of EU law.
A Brit living in Vienna. I love books, history, museums, politics and tea. I hate Brexit.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate What a surprise.
Absolutely no proof of that whatsoever. A myriad of ill-informed, Bannonite pithy remarks hardly amounts to advocacy. An American corporate interest frothing at the mouth at the thought of a weak and desperate NHS, for one, is about as serious as it gets. Trump is NO friend.
Listen, and understand that the Maybot is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until #Brexit is dead. #BrexitDeal
‘Which part of Theresa May’s political career ever showed heart and soul?’
#Brexit #BrexitAgreement #BrexitChaos time is running out and TMay and that EU have put a deal together which will please no one. Not because it is necessarily a bad deal but because no one managed people's expectations of what was likely to happen. change needed
We definitely need a #PeoplesVote . The current #WithdrawalAgreement threatens the future of the UK | #bbcos #brexit #nobrexit #Conservatives
Theresa May Shouldn’t Bank on a TARP Moment for Brexit
Utter tosh. Labour more fragile than the Tory party!? It is their mess! Good grief, what is Brexit doing to some people. I used to think you were worth listening to...
Waste of heaps of trees. Since we aren't allowed a people's vote, and aren't allowed any democratic say, why does she think it necessary to tell us anything? No "deal" will unite this nation.All the elderly Brexit voters must die off before any uniting is possible.
Which is what he wants. Oh shit the senile old bustard will do it. We all know he'll do anything for brexit
Will MPs vote for Brexit deal?
Well what do you expect when someone makes an almighty BALLS UP! Even Trump on SKY saying its a really great deal for the EU! &amp; We wont be able to trade with them!!! The woman is toxic and has to go....... along with
Read this, wat a braw response
I did it! Brexit is over at last!
Defiant May runs the gauntlet as ex-ministers line up to CONDEMN Brexit deal
A government that excels at ineptitude. So glad it's not in any way involved in negotiating something as dangerous as Brexit ...
Meet “Project Vote,” The Crack Team Set Up To Save Theresa May’s Brexit - BuzzFeed UK
(Daily Express):#BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on #BRINK due to May's EU deal : US PRESIDENT Donald Trump has dropped a Brexit bombshell by suggesting the UK and America would not be able to strike a trade deal ..
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
The Prime Minister has handed in her notice.
Anti-brexit and pro-#PeoplesVote, but I almost can't help but feel sorry for Theresa May. A remainer who has to clean up the mess that no brexiteer is actually capable of delivering - no least the fantasy they sold to the people. All lies. all nonsense.
I wish the public who maybe a bit clueless to understand this stuff someone could explain what the hell is going on with brexit !?
Laura In the Govt Defence papers to the Art 50 Court case it would appear that May was being absolutely Honest outside No10. "my deal or No deal or No Brexit" The Govt admitted that Parliament could Revoke Art 50 and No Brexit Happens Suggest check Jo Maugham OC
To #SupremeCourt #COSANOSTRA My majesty I Am just going back home after #Brexit or justice with David Cameron done and see money in.
a brexit deal was always possible with Northern Ireland and our remote territories being the major issues - nothing has changed. If May loses this vote,whoever is in power will extend article 50 and either remain or have a peoples vote. No Deal will never be an option.
Bonkers but we are now into ‘expectation management’ territory where No.10 will claim victory if she loses by ‘only’ 50/60 votes. If she loses, she loses and it’s over #BrexitChaos
Philip the people do not back TM. If this agreement goes through I as well as many millions will not vote conservative at next election. We can see it for what it is. Absolute garbage negotiated by a civil servant for a political class that does not believe in Brexit.
May's Brexit dlae sounds like a 'great edal for the EU', says Trump
Hon Rees-Mogg reminding the 'Prime Minister' we have no legal obligation to pay any sum of money without a Withdrawal Agreement. Then Treasonous Mayhem lying to try dig herself out of the hole she is in. The Irony is........PM May dug herself deeper. #Brexit #NoDealBrexit
Preach Grace Blakeley - Corbyn, the labour movement and a People's Brexit via
And that is Brexit in a nutshell.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Bloody right you should not have used that language! Absolutely despicable way to talk about 3.6 million people who have been a legal tax paying vital part of British society! #The3Milion , #BexitisPersonal Theresa May regrets comments on EU nationals
I feel that one of Britain's major discoursive issues is the failure to understand that "hard", "soft" or "no" #BrexitDeal is of no major importance to the EU. "No deal" will admittedly mean more unpleasantness but in the end, Britain has more to lose than the EU.
It was a premeditated strategy from start to finish Treason Mays said last Friday This was the Brexit deal I wanted She's a thief a liar and a conniving bitch And brings shame on every man women and child in this country
British Parliament To Vote On Brexit Deal On December 11: Theresa May
Trump says Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for UK
Would they have been so quick to do it if it was pro- Brexit supporters
Trump says Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for UK
I think we can name most of them. Some have full knowledge of what they've done, others are unwitting...
Theresa May Brexit deal EXPLAINED: What is in the current Brexit deal?: PARLIAMENT will have… #Brexit #ClickBait
Great piece of work here. Unsurprisingly my local MP voting against - along with the majority of Scottish MPs including the odd Tory.
Britain has one now its Called the BBC only sees brexit as a positive thing for the country and edits speech where someone says the people should have a vote
Siri show me a metaphor for Brexit
But knows full well that the evil Madam Glumbucket’s deal amounts to BRINO, and not #Brexit. Com on Tim, you know as a genuine patriot that May’s deal is not in our national interest.
About how he can get this fantastic Brexit that will please the both supporters, just listen to his interviews, he panders to which ever view is popular at the time, last week, he said brexit could not be stopped, then within hours said there may be a 2nd ref one day. Pandering
Bad deal no 2nd ref your Lordship
What a load of absolute nonsense
She planned this all along!!
Oh well, it's not like #Brexiteers in general bother making fine distinctions, is it. And of course, #Brexit isn't going to fix #immigration, not in the sense they want. Meaning they'll continue to be unhappy, &amp; it'll be interesting to see who gets blamed next for their problems.
Vote against no use unless you call for no Brexit.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
I've been waiting for a year for Trump to make one comment to effect the whole debate for Brexit. One comment. He's made it. One sure fire thing. From today, put your money on Johnson to be leader.( trump is kingmaker). I'm sure you know this, and more.
Corbyn. Would love to see a change in No.10 but you are wrong when it comes to Brexit.
Tony Blair has his priorities right - winning 3 general elections and helping millions of working people. He also bought peace to N Ireland which Brexit threatens to throw away.
Interesting to hear (or not hear, in this instance) the sounds from those on the opposition benches. Normally they boo, shout down Jeremy when he is speaking. Not now. They are silent.
The Mail...#hiss
Well done - on another thoughtful argument from a clear and unusual voice in this debate for ‘s deal that is a good deal, and the only deal| via
I Disagree, it's become just, she had to do it her way. She has had her just rewards
Participation has a different set of goals: to undermine western democracies by dividing us, eroding trust in institutions, supporting specific political outcomes that weaken us strengthen them (Brexit). Those are the goals of Russian information operations.
National Institute of Economic and Social Research (NIESR) say May's #Brexit deal leaves the UK £100bn a year worse off so that means Scotland will be around £8bn-£9bn worse off annually. Now how much does want the to spend on mitigating Tory policies?
We are in Ernest Hemingway territory on #Brexit. He said 'The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them'. Many, on both sides of the Remain/Leave divide, applied this approach with Mrs May. But it has turned out badly for the PM. The trust has gone.
Labour Brexit for me ta.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
The UN investigator Philip Alston clearly stated austerity was an ideological choice not an economic one #FakeAusterity hence it can be stopped with or without #brexit
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
And in 2019 the deed will be repeated at Camber Sands,just before Brexit day. So the toffs won't starve.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Define labour Brexit please.
If #Labour aimed as much firepower at the #Tories as they do at the #LibDems and #FBPE, #Brexit would be dead and buried by now.
I did vote leave and still want Brexit. No deal is fine by me. Is that what you mean by "own[ing] my shit"?
basically just do the opposite of what he says.
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of Brexit medicine – cartoon
If you're heading to London please seek out these guys &amp; thank them for what they are doing for us.
Very predictable - to repeat myself any meaningful debate has to be inclusive including remain leaders plus Nicola and Carol. Otherwise simply a Brexit propaganda show with red and blue unicorns on parade -
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Absolutely right. The energy and persuasion in his argument puts him in a class of his own. More Brexit sense in 10 minutes on Marr than the Government has managed in 2.5 years.....
The tragedy is that any preparations for a No Deal Brexit have been late coming and probably totally inadequate because Mrs May will not hear of retreating from her own plan. A No Deal Brexit is not needed so preparations for it do not need to be made.
To #SupremeCourt #COSANOSTRA My majesty I Am just going back home after #Brexit and justice with David Cameron done and see money in.
It's four weeks since I wrote to my MP about the march. Two weeks a go I wrote to him about having no reply. I still have no reply and I can see he will vote for May's deal. Is there anything I can do?
While brexit is crucial, UK's parliament members presents their long time frustrations on this issue, which who knows is reasonable or not, but PM May who is person with great sense of humour and understanding is on hard pressure for run it on the system.
We don't want a people's vote as that would be a waste of time. If Teresa May deal fails to get through its no deal. We avoid another round of scaremongering that way.
#MayMustGo This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Thersa May has always said: No deal is better than a bad deal Everyone is agreed this is a very bad deal So we must leave without a deal Brexit WTO I'm dreaming of a real Brexit WTO's the way to go
, , , I’m not sure which of you will host the debate but please ensure *every* side of this issue is debated, including a #peoplesvote. If that puts Mr Corbyn off participating, that’s his choice but don’t let him shut it out.
Why Donald Trump thinks the Brexit deal is no good for US-UK trade. By Freddy Gray
Anybody want to discuss this?
I voted for you . but what you did with your ASSANINE comment on #brexit and a potential trade deal with the #UK was stupid and boneheaded. you DON T do that to a major ally
By walking away from the EU we are putting ourselves right up shit creek. So far Brexit has yielded us a rejection from the world's greatest deal maker (his words not ours) and David Davis promising us bountiful free trade....with the state of Oklehoma. Looks bright doesn't it?
Not at all. I now want a say on the actual meaning of Brexit, which version of it we're ow talking about. I presume you voted to leave, so is this framework what you wanted?
Did you really understand what you were agreeing to by having this picture? Can we have a #PeoplesPicture please?
Now the Govt says in their official FB 60 sec explanation of Brexit: "No more sending vast sums of money to the EU, meaning we can spend it on our NHS". Putting it on a bus or in a video doesn't make it true.
Just as well it has fuck all to do with Trump then. The crowning turd of this #brexit disaster would be to see our country raped &amp; further humiliated by that ignorant, corrupt, stupid imbecile. #StopBrexit
Another unhelpful intervention for Theresa May following comments from Macron yesterday.
Brexit encapsulated. Lonely ship tries to rule the waves. Russians could vaporise it at will. Sad, sad post imperial non-power Moment 17 Russian jets swarmed UK destroyer - Sky News
"The Labour party should be about doing things not because they are opportunistic or expedient but because they are right."
No deal is Brexit surely
Listen, and understand that the Maybot is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until #Brexit is dead. #BrexitDeal
Book burning? Really?! Who else tried that ? #Brexit
I can explain the brexit deal in 1 second! “It’s Shit!”
EU judges have dismissed a case brought by a 97-year-old war veteran and 12 other emigrant Britons objecting to the UK's Brexit negotiations. Harry Shindler and the others argued that it was wrong for the EU to open the...
Seconded. Also on the stage. Someone needs to find and convince him come on board too - one last job, it's a big one but the rewards are immense. Also, Morse, Columbo, that American bloke with wheels. Burnside. The A-team. Hasselhoff. #PeoplesVote
3 hours into a debate that a couple of labour backbenchers spoke at before leaving for a Brexit debate. Right and Left are a complete shower of shit.
#DonaldTrump slams Theresa May's #Brexit plan as 'a great deal for the EU' and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
#DonaldTrump slams Theresa May's #Brexit plan as 'a great deal for the EU' and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
The only pain being felt is by the 17.4 million who voted #Brexit - succeeded in a democratic vote who then have to listen to the anti-British garbage spoken by the remoaners who can’t accept losing a democratic vote. #itsdone!
Theresa May: I should not have said EU citizens 'jump the queue' when they come to the UK
If #Brexit was done properly it would have been a much better success and much more unity across parties and people. I am no PM neither am I running the country yet I have a clear picture of what would have been better for the #UK.
So the total mess that we now know as Brexit which was started by Cameron and is being made worse by May, is all the fault of Jeremy Corbyn?
What do you think of The PM's Brexit Deal?
BREXIT LIVE: Britain faces 'SURRENDER to EU' - May warned deal will NEVER get through
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
These 5 definitions of Brexit went viral. It's easy to see why.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
So why did he vote remain?-Anyway blocked, had enough of you dickheads!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
The continue to argue over the #Brexit mess they created while the country dies of criminal neglect.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Just checked the Betfair market for the HoC brexit vote. I think that works out at around 16-18% chance of passing
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
Given MPs are under a duty of care to act in the best interests of the country, and knowing what we all now know about the devastation of a no deal #Brexit, could we sue any MP who supports it? The question must be the deal or #remain #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
[BLOG] Why Donald Trump thinks the Brexit deal is ‘great for the EU’ |
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
"It's a marvellous deal Prime Minister, you are soooo clever..." (makes lunatic gesture off camera, starts composing letter, ' Dear Sir Graham....')
One of the most cold blooded people I ever seen, her eyes, they are bombers eyes, #scarywoman
A lot of you will *lose* your jobs if any #Brexit goes ahead. Maybe me too. It’s not going to be a benefit for 50 years - even according to - others believe it could cost £100bn per year by 2030 (ie the cost of running all the hospitals in the uk)
Yup you’d all love that! Politicians and media commentators should hang their heads at the whole sorry episode. This Brexit guff is a big game or being treated like an oxbridge debate and in the meantime, it’s the working class who will suffer due to stalemate!
Piers Corbyn must stop equivocating on the Brexit deal.
What can't seem to grasp is that some of us socialists are quite aware of JC's limitations as a leader but recognise he is a totem for what Labour can become. We've had enough of "Tory lite".
CFTC must take action to avoid disruption in hard #Brexit - , from James Thursfield in -
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Caught Rotten
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
MrsMay the Manchurian Remoaner Candidate implements MasterSabotagePlan To Try To Force A 2ndReferendum To Kill #Brexit #BRINO
Yikes
Laura is not known to be a raving lefty, but she could hardly say more clearly that PM is deluded - or just lying.
Did you write about drunk ticketless remoaning MPs, urinating on each other? The Sun likes that kind of truth. #lfc #jft96.
It can be undone and Labour's position has been anything but clear - they've hemmed and hawed for two years. Even last week Starmer directly contradicted Corbyn about it. The fact of the matter is that Labour are pro-Brexit and thus not the opposition.
He's right. The majority of people in this country do not want Theresa May's deal. They would much prefer to be able to vote on whether they want to #Remain in a #PeoplesVote. What is May scared of?
Brexit means Brexit is an anagram of Bearer Bin Texts Mix
Why #DonaldTrump thinks the #Brexit deal is no good for US-UK trade
Why #DonaldTrump thinks the #Brexit deal is no good for US-UK trade
As I said earlier:
The people in the North voted to remain and voted for 7 MPs NOT to take their seats in Westminster. Britain has never given Ireland a second thought and never will. Respect our mandate #Brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Strange reply. Abolished what? Who mentioned racism? One of your obsessions I see, being an Islamaphobe There is no majority support in UK for Brexit, May or Tories and much less for Trump. Sober up,kid.
You obviously don’t listen to the odious May whose consistent arguement for Brexit is immigration.
A good cause if ever there was one
“Cambridge Analytica helped w/ its Brexit campaign, according to both and Cambridge Analytica staff. The company was also engaged by the Ted Cruz &amp; Donald Trump campaigns during the 2016 US pres. election.”
'Your deal is UNSATISFACTORY!' Boris RIDICULES May's Brexit deal in Commons confrontation
Multiple people voted for multiple options - "brexit" covers a multitude of sins. Only sensible option now is to take it back to the people: remain or clean break.
Engrossing discussion re: May's Brexit deal + Extinction Rebellion movement with #ExtinctionRebellion #BrexitDeal via
Good luck Here's hoping that we get the clarity we need to avert the ongoing crisis which the ludicrous Brexit is creating for the United Kingdom as a whole.
Intentional aggression in #Ukraine puts the entire #European continent, #NATO, and potentially, the world, at #risk.
#TotalRespect :-) is this an effective use of #TVLicencePayersMoney? And how are #DisabledMPs #DisabledGuests meant to get up there!? #SendsOutTheWrongMessage #IvoryTowers
Lots of people feeling 'failed' at the moment
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Why is it cruel to point out the obvious? That which can be seen by all except those willingly blind to see it?
Originally retweeted by Labour MP . Good man!
I don't think he said nothing of note but his content needs to be condensed. Quite a soft voice. I dozed off.
Did you try and flush the Brexit agreement away?
Achtung! Considering what #Brexit will mean two years AFTER the referendum is madness. Cameron needs a serious talking to
Perhaps Richard Osman and Alexander Armstrong should host the Brexit-off between May and Corbyn. Zoolander rules: first speaker lies about a good Brexit, second speaker copies and elaborates... #brexitchaos
Correct
SHAFTED: All EU States AGREE to May’s FAKE Brexit Deal -
HEAR HEAR. #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
But Blair is rightly loathed here. Watching eurofanatics like him seeing their life's work go up in smoke is part of the joy of leaving. Someone unmentionable observed that all political careers end in failure. For phoney Tony, Brexit is that moment.
Whatever #PeoplesVote
THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
US: May's #Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says #Trump
And yet you still haven’t grasped the simple concept that the debate is about brexit. #peoplesvote
#BackTo60 #OneVoice.... get in those shots
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
He's a dangerous extremist just the Rees Mogg
Although ultimately when you get to a soft Brexit, EFTA style, you then wonder why the hell you are doing it rather than staying... but that is a different point.
US: May's #Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says #Trump
And that’s more or less everyone
What you should know about the Brexit deal if you’re British in Germany
Suddenly a reason to back Mays Brexit if it keeps the Yanks out
Longish, but every part worth reading. We will not accept this. I am becoming confident of no brexit, but if it happens I and I am sure millions of others will fight for the interests of our country and nation and for a future within the European community.
Labour is a bigger threat to the economy than Brexit
.....the wasted time and political capital expended senselessly #brexitshambles
Spot on. He's under instructions as to how to respond. Trump hasn't got a clue as to what it's in the Brexit deal. He has no real interest other than to say whatever renders us most vulnerable to US negotiators. It's all part of Bannon's great game.
. reacts to 's #Brexit agreement saying it "sounds like a good deal for the EU" but it may hinder UK-US trade. More on the US president's reaction to the deal here:
The majority voted for Brexit not me by the way but that was the decision and we need to live with it
Petition: Action a NO DEAL Brexit and give divorce bill savings directly to UK citizens
Vote on Brexit deal will take place on December 11
I can't tell who's taking the piss here
Have you reported this yet BBC?
My mentions are a sewer.
you re starting to PISS ME OFF , despite the fact that I voted for you. use your funking brain
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US, Trump says
We could have Theresa May against Nicola Sturgeon. One has a crap deal, the other laid her cards on the table two years ago (SM&amp;CU) with a built in back up plan.
What the heck is this guy talking about?
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Labour now thinks it can persuade the EU to sign a trade deal before we have left...
#StandUp4Brexit #Brexit honour the 2016 vote. Leave means leave. #deathofdemocracy
They don't. They specifically don't that is literally the problem. I would love to do both, absolutely love it but I won't have them use my vote to support Brexit like they did at the last general election. It was unforgivable. Their version of Brexit is still Brexit, on that...
#Brexit the vote that showed the #world just how #racist most of the #English sun readers really are and just how fxxking dumb their leaders are too. Nice one. Now everyone knows and you can’t hide it anymore. The world now knows how hate filled you muppets really are
of course it is FBPE is a hashtag used by Waitrose Warriors to attack Corbyn and Labour members , check their timelines, loads of grief given to Corbyn, Brexit is not his or Labours fault but tories...
Will MPs vote for #Brexit deal?
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of Brexit medicine – cartoon
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I never thought I’d say this . I agree with Jeremy! #StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
Will MPs vote for #Brexit deal?
EU leaders approve UK's Brexit deal.
Dear 3 weeks ago you answered none of my technical &amp; economic #Brexit concerns, just sending me Brexit Circular. Now we know Brexit will be even worse than then, will you now protect your constituents, vote down May's plan and stand up for a #PeoplesVote?
Theresa May’s hopes of getting her Brexit deal through the Commons have been dealt a major blow after US President Trump said it may harm trade with America. He said that he wanted the Prime Minister to “do something” about the agreement to ensure the UK can trade with the US
Better late than never.
If only some of our politicians had one tenth the tenacity, determination or ingenuity of this guy we wouldn't be in this mess.
I have seen so much rhetoric against the Brexit proposal, yet I have yet to see someone offer an alternative deal. Maybe I'm just cynical.
I mean other than saying that brexit is bad and she wants another independence referendum what exactly will she add?
If Conservatives MPs vote against May's Brexit deal they may lose their jobs. If Conservatives MPs vote for May's Brexit deal they may lose their seats, for some time in some cases. Question is, Conservative MPs which do fear most.
Have you reported this yet BBC?
Right can we all stfu about brexit. If we are poorer in years to come then take to Twitter. At this moment in time no one knows what the future holds. They're called predictions and forecasts for a reason. You will be unfollowed as you are boring the shit out of me.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal? - the guardian- Well now is a good opportunity to deselect traitor MPs a vote for Mays deal is a vote against ur country, democracy &amp; sovereignty- Think about it!
Yes. Splendid. Do read this.
Linkiesta on Twitter
He gets it, why doesn’t May??
If you were looking at the picture of Macron and Merkel holding hands with a thought that the war in Europe isn't possible, read this. The headline may be loud, but the point remains. I didn't think the war at my home could happen either. 1/n
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum | Politics | The Guardian
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
BREXIT CRISIS: Labour's Kate Hoey fears huge 'Brexit CONSPIRACY is TRUE'
Eight Eurosceptic reasons why we should support Theresa May's Brexit agreement
If she's any dignity left she needs to walk before she is pushed #Brexit #Trump #GetTheToriesOut
#DonaldTrump says #Brexit deal 'means #UK may not be able to trade with US'
Top News - MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December |
I don’t care who you are taxation DOES NOT PAY for public spending. In fact Theresa May’s coy honouring of the extra NHS money (and another £1 Billion to the DUP) - despite Brexit reducing GDP - proves money is “created as needed”.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
How did a government, with all the foreknowledge of what a referendum resulting in a vote for Brexit would inevitably lead to, still take the risk with all our futures? Reckless doesn’t remotely cover it. Criminally negligent? Maybe. Might as well have tossed a coin.
British parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 – May
#DonaldTrump says #Brexit deal 'means #UK may not be able to trade with US'
Who cares what the fat orange thinks? Trying to do a trade deal with the imbecile that is Donald Trump sounds almost as bad an idea as brexit itself
Did they not? I rapped a good few doors, stood at plenty of press conferences, helped launch a fair few posters &amp; the last Westminster election happened post the Brexit referendum. I know your gut is to defend FG but please don’t insult the intelligence of the SF electorate.
So May’s #BrexitDeal is good.... For the EU... But NOT for the U.K. Resign!
What do you mean win? There's virtually nothing between them. Both support #Brexit neither represent #Remain. I don't care what version of #Brexit each have because no version of #Brexit is as good as fantastic deal we already have with EU. Time for #PeoplesVote.
i am the “brexit” everybody has been talking about. ama
Considering renting some space in my garage for Brexit peepers... gotta be able to make some money out of this shit show
Why Donald Trump thinks the Brexit deal is ‘great for the EU’
Have you reported this yet BBC?
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK of collapse due to May's EU deal #MayMustGo #Brexit
I am surprised there haven't been more Sentinelese Brexit takes.
And, er... the U.K.?
My MP agrees also. I hope for this vote but with truths put forward about Brexit's negative impact and the fact that FoM,a major issue?, has so many positives. Problems/some folk now bored with Brexit,wish it over /Labour has a hapless leader.
why doesn’t your brexit reporter mention that ‘no brexit’ is one possible outcome of voting down the deal?
So finally Kate Hoey of #LabourLeave accepts the "Brexit conspiracy" that began with the announcement of transposition of EU law. I warned this was the true agenda in March 2016 but no one in #UKIP was smart enough to understand transposition...
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' right now uk wont be able to trade with the USA MAY THE BETRAYER HAS BEEN ABSOLUTE IN HER TREASON
Poor Farage your bitch has deserted U Farage should stop speaking as U are an embarrassment 2 your children Brexit is a total mess with incompetent crooks running it Well stupid Brexijits U going noway even your closest ally in the crooked trump is walking away from all U idiots
Where is #democracy when Brits are REFUSED to have referendum when they just demand it? #ExitBrexit or #Brexit will be final funeral of any British democracy by all means. Why politics in mocking style can decide about common people future w/o respecting them, their vote&amp;voice ??
Trump: PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade
British Parliament To Vote On Brexit Deal On December 11: Theresa May
ladies if he - doesn’t text you back - wrecks the room when he walks in - speaks gibberish - is something to distract the British public from Brexit then he’s not your man. He’s Mr Blobby. Or Boris Johnson. It’s much of a muchness.
OMG, how stupid is he?? He keeps moving the bottom downward.
Of course Trump believes in Brexit. He would obviously want to damage the only bloc on earth capable of and willing to regulate the worst excesses of US businesses. Whose side are you on, Tim?
Rollercoaster of emotions. I almost gave up reading this, then I did a bit of skim read, before finding the good bit (what young people had to say).
#Brexit terms will allow new #UK-U.S. trade deal, PM May's office says
Thank you for being on side of British public. You are correct it is very bad deal for UK but sadly it is what Mrs May wants us to accept. She won't listen to public or Parliament - please release FISA docs then maybe she will have the decency to resign in shame
This is not really a hardship as I no longer eat chicken let alone chlorinated chicken.
Can someone please perform an obscene act on #Brexit ? Please
#Brexit terms will allow new #UK-U.S. trade deal, PM May's office says
Brexit terms will allow new UK-U.S. trade deal, PM May's office says #stopbrexit
Seriously, what makes you think that Brexit will benefit the 'working classes'? The Tories killed the coal mines, the steel industry and a whole host manufacturing industries, whilst encouraging the London based financial / service sectors. Don't blame the EU, blame the Tories.
No surprise. He who pays the piper calls the tune. Anti Brit anti Britain anti #Brexit pro EU #BBC pays to get #Remainer results....and does. You can put as much trust in this garbage as in the #ProjectFear lies Cameron and Osborn pumped out in 2016.
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task? – BBC News
Be QUIET MURDERER,I’m for Brexit but not with your input,the last time you inputted was when you made innocent People commit suicide because you took away there disability payments.Youll stand before your maker 1 day
Have you reported this yet BBC?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Not trading with the US is a good thing. If we do that all of a sudden healthcare will cost 300x more.
Incidentally, this attitude to the GFA reminds me of Sammy Wilson’s bull-headed belligerence towards Dr Katy Hayward when she appeared before the Brexit Select Committee in Westminster last month. I’m with Dr Hayward on this.
Finally, a comment that makes sense BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Bot who thinks all tweets have to be about Brexit at all times.
This about sums it up...total confusion
MPs to vote on May’s Brexit deal on 11 December
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
All of a sudden the Brexit agreement seems a lot better!
The bribe of £1bn to the DUP so she could tenuously cling to power.
Everyone else: OMG! look at what that orange noob is doing again. WHERES THE BREXIT DEAL??? News publishers:
It is my Opinion that the Democrats cheated in the midterm election and that they were aided by the Never Trump Republicans who are actually Democrats secretly embedded in our government. They sought to sabotage Trump's plans for US sovereignty. Like May in England does to Brexit
The truth of the awful deal relating to the Customs UNion and ECJ arbitration laid bare.
New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit
Bored with Brexit? How patronising, Mrs May via
oh God, can we not write chin-stroking think pieces about every verbal burp of Trump's? It legitimises his idiocy when most of what he says should be ignored or laughed at.
BELOW 100?? These people are both desperate (if that's their target) and delusional (if they believe the deal could be rescued defeat by that magnitude). One of the most incredible lines I've read during this entire Brexit process...
Couldn't put it better myself
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Ain't that the truth.
Information hub for EU Citizens in the UK launched by the Mayor of London - useful and reliable source of information
What's the betting Boris will change his tune? He likes to be on the winning side?
I often disagree with but he is quite right. This takes to the extreme fringe when we want to be taking the main ground due to May's Brexit sellout
Indeed But the wheels are coming of the #Brexit juganaut and this is going to crash badly god only knows what is going to happen... #BrexitShambles And this was well predicted.....
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
No shortage of bullshite before or after brexit by these lying idiots
David making a fool of himself again. Some people think David might make labour leader one day.
Because what are friends for.
Considering renting some space in my garage for Brexit preppers... gotta be able to make some money out of this shit show
The Guardian: Activists demand UK environment watchdog in Brexit trade deal. via
Mike Harding, you genius
Gotta love abit of SPL, Just had Brexit announced on my save too lmao
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Have you reported this yet BBC?
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Theresa may needs to resign we want a brexit prime minister with a brexit cabinet the conservatives have betrayed 17.4m voters who voted leave tories will never be elected ever again and that's a fact #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
When did the #UK give up it's sovereignty? Are the #British really this weak and gutless? #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Say what you like, but I'd vote for #Blair tomorrow like.
Obvious
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
#pm #pmot May’s Brexit deal gambles with our rights at work. Nobody voted for that | Jason Moyer-Lee I am ANGRY, Like Many! I choose Positive Action! #DontGetFooledAgain - DEMAND a #PeoplesVote - Write to Your MP to help #StopB…
Should have been hard Brexit from day 1, now because of Gina Miller ( oh the irony) it has to go through Parliament..... which it never will.
What about Boris to get us over the line? He can rouse enthusiasm and carry a crowd? Once we have Brexit then we calm down and vote in a more permanent leader?
whats a brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
It’s Trump’s version of ‘back of the queue for a trade deal!’ Farage-Bannon-Trump axis at play. PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
It’s the Brexit limbo dance, how low can we go ....
^Agreed. I didn't vote for Brexit, I probably won't in a 2nd referendum, I loathe Mays deal, and frankly I still think that we would be far better off in the EU. But I also believe in democracy, and, well, the country voted to leave.
But surely after two years she could of come up with something better than this, so what you are you saying is we just have to make do ?
Theresa May has defended her proposed Brexit. She said the deal delivered on the result of the EU referendum - and MPs will get to vote on it on 11 December.
AKA The "Turd Gilder Squad".
and you’re kidding yourself if you think 7 SF MPs could “stop” Brexit but I don’t think it’s a matter of kissing yourself rather than the usual predictable mixing.
So are we approaching one of two options? 1. No Deal 2. No Brexit.
All of a sudden the Brexit agreement seems a lot better!
Well there you go you fucking #Brexit muppets. UK economy 100bn a year worse off come 2030. When you all lose your jobs remember what YOU voted for and why.
Clear message, labour are as deluded on Brexit as the Tories, there is no such thing as a jobs first Brexit,
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Bread and Circus. Couldn't have reps from Great Britain discussing Brexit. This "debate" will descend into a farce.
He blocked me so I can no longer see his comment . I’m guessing it was something brexit related
Trump has no idea what Brexit is of how it works, he’s just using it as yet another opportunity to have a go at us as Trump has made it very clear that America is not our ally anymore.
Invasion by mighty Russia!! Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe
We have 15 days left of nothing but her electioneering to sell this Brexit that no one wants.
History of UK-EU relationship 1973. Joining the EU is better than being outside. 1975. Staying in the EU is better than leaving. 2016. Leaving the EU is better than staying. 2018. Staying in the EU is better than leaving. 2059. .... #Brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
If it gets rejected. Another referendum will be pushed by the Tories.... it depends on the votes of no confidence... and a few other votes thereafter. But another referendum (maybe not Brexit) will be inevitable.
He has said several times FTA with UK not likely if we stay close to EU. He said it on visit here standing next May. He's just confirming now he's read withdrawal agreement. Try it, it's instructive. The deal cripples us! #voteNoDeal #Brexit #leave #peoplesvote
Short answer: with the "right" assumptions, one can rationalize nearly anything. Very similar to Brexit in your neck of the woods.
#GreatBritain Should Reject Both Of Them For Perusing Something They Both Know Was Forced On The British People With A Pack Of Lies! #Brexit
They only care about brexit so they can dodge the new tax avoidance legislation the EU is set to introduce. They couldn't give a rats ass about the will of the people
He will never be forgiven for his failure to oppose brexit. He will not be PM
Foreign white Europeans will never replace First Britons in their First Nation of Britain with #BREXIT now! Germanic Europeans such as blood German Trump did try again &amp; again, even during WW1 &amp; WW2. After 2,000 years visas &amp; border controls will apply to Europe!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Nobody understands the process pt. 9874092683742096835762
Does that even matter? You'd pretend May won if she tripped over her feet, short circuited her speech chip and spent the whole debate saying strong and stable, strong and stable wouldn't you?
Let’s not overplay this. Brexit is a stupid and disgusting thing, but it was UK, not France and Germany, who opened the doors for millions of Eastern Europeans, in 2004. I think it was a good and decent thing to do. And whatever it was it was not xenophobic.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
If "forget Brexit" means "stop Brexit".....
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade on Politics Today -
Being a retainer I wonder if this is her strategy. Make the deal.suck so much it gets rejected and we somehow we don't Brexit?
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade on Politics Today -
MPs will lose their seats if they lie to the voters and pretend that May’s deal amounts to Brexit. They will lose their seats if they betray our country into semi-permanent subservience to Brussels.
We're, staring at a deal so unimaginably bad no-one wants it. Not the EU, not the UK, not Brexiters, not Remainers. No-one wants it. It's an insane proposition &amp; should be rejected. #NotBuyingIt via
So - you can get by with a little help from your friends
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
If you asked a drunk teenager in a Bournemouth suburb this, a) the answer couldn't be any more stupid. b) it might have a positive effect on the teenager.
if we can't campaign for the #PeoplesVote ...Can we start campaigning to get rid of the of this fraudster .. If we brexit Ford's will close and lab will be to blame so we need to get rid of the Tory support brexitier Corbyn now.
May is mauled in Parliament as she fights to save her Brexit deal | Daily Mail Online
please make sure our bees and seas aren’t put at risk by lowering standards after Brexit - the public is watching
'GET OVER IT!' Furious Britons are 'fed up' of Brexit and want UK out of EU NOW
Cheers..
People are really bored of Theresa May they wish she would go away, no one is buying her Brexit deal
None of the Brexit idiots. These Tories have to go.
The economic disaster that is Brexit
Any debate format must have a party on it who are willing to back a #PeoplesVote: Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
More bollocks from 'An Waffle' and their idiotic followers. SFIRA voters back them BECAUSE of their Abstentionism. Surely they should be refusing the Queens money too, after all, aren't they meant to hate everything British? If Brexit was so bad, they would be at Westminster!
Yes well Im not british, I may have been born in this piss poor country, but my lovely family are made up of european countries, ireland, italy, and other countries jamaica and china. So our hearts dropped, when we heard the news of bloody depressing.
Oh please a charlatan if ever there was one.. Should be at The Hague
At a guesstimate #Brexit has cost every man woman and child in the UK £597. Well done #Leave twats.
If the UK, for any reason, scraps Brexit altogether and we stay in the EU, we must use our political might and our exclusive veto powers to prevent Article 13 from happening. Ironic that the Article is numbered at 13 as well...
Time to read what we're signing up to you half arsed ass hat.
European Court to decide whether Article 50 can be reversed, after judges reject government appeal | The Independent
#Brexit poll not good for or #remain but you know polls.........
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I would rather eat wasps and I am one of the few people not bored of brexit.
I hope no-one is seriously suggesting a #Brexit leaders debate that is just and . That excludes anyone representing remain, which has consistently been ahead in polls for many months.
Brexit.... surely no deal is better than a shit deal!!! I voted remain but accepted the vote.. all ministers of all the parties are proper A holes to be honest!! Can’t believe it’s down to the wire and nothing decent got done!! #BrexitDeal #brexit
Let this be the GRAVEST warning
The UK isn't floundering because of austerity it's simply that growth will never ever return to pre-crash levels for large numbers of reasons but primarily that private sector finance is simply much harder to come by now. Also Brexit uncertainty is stifling growth in the UK.
Oh, Paul. Take it from me, an American. I guarantee you our president does not know what Brexit is, or at least what side the vote actually fell on.
Brexit has been Soviet all along. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
You plan is to remove the thing slowing them down. You can't expect the EU to do all the work for the UK unless all the Brexit rubbish was in fact true and we have no sovereignty etc. Again no labour government can last forever, your advocating the removal of the only...
It’s not ‘no deal’ it’s WORLD DEAL! Brexiteer MP outlines HUGE advantage of NO DEAL Brexit
How dare that tell me I am a citizen of nowhere? I am an EU citizen and she and her Brexiter gang can to jump.
Theresa May's a Remain-er ... A draft version of our latest song is out NOW - available for just 24 hours !! This is "The Wheatfield Mayhem Brexit Hoedown Mix" #BrexitChaos #TheresaMayInFiveWords #Ramones
Cat just pist in my carlin dispenser. Livid. Grab by tail and Brexit hammer fish it into table.grate. Waste of my time. Ov to Sainsbury’s to nick a 12 pack.
Probably one of the few things I’ve ever agreed with him on! #BrexitDeal
Side note: if we got rid of borders, this would solve all of the issues we currently have with Brexit and, in a wider sense, the world
The latest The J.Currò Notes! Thanks to #rassegnastampaestera #brexit
So much for those global trade deals. Tied to the proposed Withdrawal Agreement is like being tied to the funnel of the Titanic.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I think the PM did good. She voted Remain, yet still put the will of the people ahead of her own views. To my mind, she's done her duty. #Brexit
In theory, a US-UK FTA just for services would be possible under the current #Brexit deal. But even that seems highly unlikely, as Trump rightly suggests
On a day like today with Oshawa and Post Office the Ukraine and BREXIT .... nobody better to have at the big desk than the unflappable
Theresa May wants a Fake Brexit TV debate! di #VINCOLODIMANDATO #M5S #LEGA #EUREFERENDUN #THEMOVEMENT #BASTAKASTA
He should consult veteran Faulklands War correspondent
Thank Anna for all your efforts and putting country before party. #peoplrsvote
#Brexit gives us Blue on Blue on Blue action as Tories tear each other apart over Theresa May's #BrexitDeal ......... Fabulous
#Brexit so govt deal is looking like a weak one in Europe and now for the States as well. Great. So why exactly should we go ahead with this? Anybody? Slow Clap
If she signs away our INDEPENDENCE &amp; SOVEREIGNTY they will all lose their jobs! The electorate will ensure that!! Time for a #Noneoftheabove Party and P45's for all the anti-Brexit rebels!
Labour colleagues in St Austell. I know we have very little in common with our Tory MP but can I ask you to RT this to let him know you support him in his intention to vote against his PM's Brexit Deal. We must negotiate something better.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
It was the Brexit time, it was the worst of times, it was the end of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of insularity, it was a treason of Lies, it was a treason of Dark money, it was the spring of hopelessness: 30th March 2019.
BBC are completely complicit in the propagation of this brexit fiasco. When this is over, there must be an enquiry and those responsible at the beeb and in govt must be publicly held to account.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
What's the downside?
Btw, did you read this? I thought it was eminently sensible. Even as a Remainer, I'd go along with the settled will of the people provided I was sure that's what they wanted. Probably too sensible for our times.
If Brexit weren't happening everyone would be clamouring for a debate between May and Corybn. Don't let it slide away.
The #Brexit withdrawal deal – pragmatism and realism back on top of the agenda [ ]
Only a Remainer would think this is a strong case for May's Brexit as it is clearly a landing strip for membership back to the EU
Mr Trump has doubts about Mrs May's deal being a wise one.
I'm big enough to go along with this. It's pointless and a relegation in status, but so is any Brexit. At least it stops short of being a catastrophe.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Who can blame her?
Vote on Brexit deal will take place on December 11
It was a waste of license payers money. £10,000 for the stand. £10 for poles. #brexit #brexitshambles #Brexiteers #ukip #StopBrexit #leave #FBPE #DespiteBrexit #cleanbrexit #BrexitBritain #EU
Brexit betrayal demo London please rt #millwall #Chelsea #westham #arsenal #qpr #ukip #Charlton #Tottenham #forbritain…
It’s brill that has called ’s bluff. Bluffing is what Tories are best at. Remember when called Public’s bluff by asking if they wanted to leave EU?
Time to Leave with No Deal. #Brexit #Brexitforever #EUgameover
In a world of Brexit and terrible music, we need the #MarsLanding
Why is this lady on every International and National MSM news outlets as a spokesperson on behalf of Labour when she is obviously Progress to the hilt? Where is the balance?
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Why is it cruel? She had friends and allies at the start of this but went behind their backs. She has been deceitful &amp; arrogant throughout. She could have been loyal to the party or even formed a brexit consensus group with Labour but no, she wasted 2 crucial years on irrelevance
hi Antoinette. What is your position on the Brexit deal? Are you planning to vote for or against?
i see that jeremy 's team are refusing to countinence a debate on brexit if representatives of people's vote are invited to take part.
So,after you tried and failed to be a clever twat, you are actually confirming what I've said all along. TAC and quotas for the British waters should be the sole right of the British fishing fleet after BREXIT as we will not be part of CWP.
Not having to deal with this dick is a great deal.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Or for parliament to make the decision and halt brexit without a #peoplesvote. It would take bravery but it is possible, legally and morally.
#Brexit – Withdrawal Agreement and Political Declaration The Chief Minister spoke, this morning, with the Parliamentary Undersecretary of State for ,
Stop Brexit Man is my favourite Avenger.
The latest 1230 Business School! #reutersenergy #brexit
BREXIT BACKLASH: Juncker SNAPS at BBC editor as he blames 'ONLY Britain' for Brexit FAIL
I’m going to keep saying this. the ONLY good thing to come out of Brexit. A true hero.
A second referendum isn't democracy though. That's the point. The Aim is to keep the people voting until they get the answer they want. UK is done mate, seriously, not the same country it once was. And I say that as an ethnic minority who isnt even fully english.
Poor old David Lammy, He’s as thick as a cripple’s boot.
No,that's just facile. It means an opportunity for #Leave to ratify the type of #Brexit (May's "deal" or No Deal) as much as it does the opportunity for #Remain. A properly run Vote that is legally binding (not just on the say so of the PM) &amp; the decision has to be respected.
I feel that one of Britain's major discoursive issues is the failure to understand that "hard" or "no" #BrexitDeal is of no major importance to the EU. "No deal" will admittedly mean more unpleasantness but in the end, Britain has more to lose than the EU.
They will lose their jobs if they DO.
Julia, if as we all hope, the deal is voted down and killed, don’t we need some Brexit minded Ministers still in the cabinet to drive a Managed WTO deal?
After all Brexit is a fools game .... #remainreform
Brexit vote date on Theresa May's deal confirmed as Trump warns it favours EU
When you lose that vote what will you do? Their is more support for Brexit now than at the last referendum. All that was stated with what the EU was becoming has become true. Ie EU army which remain denied
BREXIT....
If yo have changed your mind about Brexit fair enough. But don't say we are not allowed to change our mind because you are afraid of a backlash from people like Farage who have threatened to get out their rifles. That is the end of democracy - the opposite of what you claim.
Who pulled this figure out of their arse
Commissioned by the People's Vote campaign. Are you a serious journalist?
Brexit and tear gas. What a bloody world.
The latest The Daily! Thanks to #brexit #wordpress
He's a lying scumbag chancer turd who should be flushed down the toilet of politics. And I voted for Brexit.
Tory MP 'evolves' his Plan B Brexit to make it easier to secure | Daily Mail Online
Two thirds of Britons who subscribe to Sky. That’s not two thirds of Britons at all. What we we’re looking at here is #spin disguised as news.
This is the chief failure. We will have no idea about the trade deal on Brexit Day #BlindBrexit.
#ukneedsorkambinow #orkambinow #nomorecfangels Lets get on and agree a price with Vertex DO THE RiGHT THING and stop the suffering
May vs Corbyn LIVE: Labour leader accepts Brexit TV debate with PM | Daily Mail Online
Sadly you are wrong. Everyone voted for what they think is best for the country. The kind of Brexit that we were always likely to get will impact those people the hardest. And most decent people want a future that is fair for all.
The absolute consequence of unreasonable demands from some vocal Brexit commentators. And unfortunately a commentary not founded on fact, but on feelings.
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 | UK News
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump :-)
The latest Mike's News! #reutersenergy #brexit
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News Stay out of EU trump, Unstable is a word of choice for you,bigot also!!
Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit deal: "Failed and miserable" negotiations
Robert, What planet are you on? May is being treat far too well. She should be arrested and tried for treason at common law, which is literally what this "deal" actually is.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump | US news | The Guardian
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Yey, notice the bottom , “promoted” and the have now spend public money on telling us all brexit lies ! #newsnight #lbc , is this even legal?
Brussels dismisses 'silly' Spanish PM over Gibraltar Brexit row | Daily Mail Online
Even a stopped clock etc
Post Brexit inflation?
Trump on Brexit agreement: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'
This is for all the so called labour mps and the irrelevant libdem ones that vote for and back her on #brexit
May's Brexit deal 'will leave Britons £1,000 worse off by 2030' | Daily Mail Online
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Posted...
Well fuck off David Lammy u waste of space
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Seriously. Who gives a fuck what they think. Middle class luvvies all sitting around discussing brexit.
The woman has lost her marbles, and any support she may expect.
Donald Trump: #BrexitDeal ‘a Great Deal for EU’ — Not the United States. “Right now, if you look at the deal, they may not be able to trade with us and that wouldn’t be a good thing”. Trump indicated he wanted the PM to take another look at the deal.
History of UK-EU relationship 1973. "Joining the EU is better than being outside." 1975. "Staying in the EU is better than leaving." 2016. "Leaving the EU is better than staying." 2018. "Actually, staying in the EU is better than leaving." 2059. "...." #Brexit
. refuses to give airtime to riots in Paris against the gas tax hike to fight climate change THIS IS ALSO ANTI EU AND ANTI MACRON AS WELL==WHY MSM WONT COVER--ALL NEG COVERAGE MUST BE AGAINST TRUMP!!!! #BREXIT #EUEXIT #BOYCOTTMSM !!!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
What explains the persistent street protests in France? The continuing Brexit turmoil in Britain?
May facing ‘NUCLEAR MELTDOWN’ over Brexit division as PM gathers Cabinet
Well yes, but what for? Unless, there is anything to vote on, this is just masquerading. Who are they trying to convince and why if they have no mandate?
#UK after years of #austerity under #Tories is unrecognizable as UK I know and love. Please DONT believe when she says this is the best deal 4 #Brexit. Call ur MP's - demand they vote against. Demand a general election or 2nd referendum or it will get much worse!
A knighthood for Mike Harding (not a fan of the honours system but this would be justified)
UK follows through with Brexit with the approval from EU leaders #MG440
-1% per quarter?!? How does such idiotic economic illiteracy gather 2,000 retweets? Textbook fake news.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Just checked Twitter and the news media. I see #brexit is going really well then. #Brexitshambles
“Cambridge Analytica helped LeaveEU with its Brexit campaign, according to both LeaveEU and Cambridge Analytica staff. The company was also engaged by the Ted Cruz and Donald Trump campaigns during the 2016 US presidential election.”
How about the lies told by europhiles ever since Ted Heath? Only a free trade bloc, we’d get a referendum on Maastricht/Lisbon treaties, EU army was a “dangerous fantasy”, Brexit means Brexit, “I respect the referendum result”... Politicians on your side have lied since the 70s.
You had on the phone to you . #Brexit
If she turns up for it.
She's lying, she knows she's lying, she knows we know she's lying. If not, why is she so determined to prevent us telling her she's lying? #Stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
All these things were caused by brexit, you stupid people.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Instead of talking twaddle about ‘s #BrexitDeal should worry about GM shutting factories as a direct result of his daft trade war and the job losses caused.
Theresa May told her Brexit deal is 'dead as a dodo' by own MPs as she confirms date of vote to Commons
you would not laugh if you ever had this man shout abuse at you he is a bully not just to the BBC but everyone he ever came across you think he does this for free - don't you ?
'Squawk, the will of the people, Squawk the will of the people.
Be the adult in the room then regardless of being on point,this brexit is a disaster emerge you have the platform, let the kid from the council estate out deep down everyone knows this brexit is a shambles.
Shows how tin-eared she is. A more attuned PM would realise voters largely recognise Brexit's a struggle between two interest groups: the people and SMEs vs the metro eliteand big business. Getting latter to shill for her only makes the deal look worse to the rest of us
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Well under your union your grandchildren will have to work longer before retiring, have more years of austerity, no freedom of movement for work within Europe, pitiful earnings if under 25, unable to buy a home. And that’s all before the cutbacks that Brexit will enforce.
Sadly, all too true!
Keep out of it she and her Brexit is total rubbish.
Total bloody disaster
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee Wow - hard-hitting stuff!
Mrs May Set Up A Team Of Advisers Called “Project Vote” To Save Her #Brexit but not our #Brexit
So unrealistic. Non EU countries like USA/Canada/Australia can sign foreign players but strangely we wouldn't be able to? Its blatantly obvious the developers of the game have a chip on their shoulder about Brexit.
Hot off the press! Brexit jargon buster: Key phrases for your business to understand #SageAdvice via
MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December #Politics #News #World #PoliticsToday #Breaking #Political #USA #RT #politicalreporter
Financial commentators state day after Brexit with a deal or no deal the Euro will collapse causing financial panic across the EU 27 countries
She just cannot comprehend the strength of our hand and would rather jeopardise any chance of genuine free trade deals with the world, not least the USA.
Yup, I used to defend the BBC but they are past defending.
it's essential that other views are in this debate. Scotland, remain and 3rd biggest Westminster party.
it is deeply unsettling to see the denial of reality on this scale on behalf of the PM and her team. Moreover, the same pattern repeats elsewhere: the hard Brexiteers, and Jeremy Corbyn and his closest team also deny realities in the same way, albeit on very different issues.
Hope you've also seen the American version, Bleeding Edge on Netflix. More joyous benefits of Brexit to look forward to.
I hope the fishing issue squeezes the fishermen from all sides so that less fishing is done for 10 years - give the stocks time to recover
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade (Sub)
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
She has no imagination. Why doesn't she plead the case for sorting out Brexit through Necromancy?
money we have wasted on TRIDENT
I despair. Can you people not see that a General Election answers nothing when one considers Corbyn’s position on Brexit? Please!
How long were you brexit secretary? Pipe down, you had your chance and you absolutely fucked it.
A ‘People’s’ vote eh? What happened to ‘parliament is sovereign’? {Gina Miller (24/01/17) speaking outside the Supreme Court}
Wellbsaid Mrs HH
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Already signed. The EU is stopping this happening so a proper Brexit is essential.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Hope you made it clear to MPs that connected research involves Europe, and what harm Brexit will bring to these connections.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal? | Politics | The Guardian
A visit to the Queen no way would the Queen allow that Brexit no way .
The message the UK is sending out into the world is one of fear and limitation. No good will come of it. #brexit
Well they have,been supporting her so far.#Labour #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade -
Northern Ireland is being sold down the river. How you can support Brexit is beyond me. I’m fighting for the union
11th December for Brexit vote in Parliament. Huge fortnight to come
No they are not ex-pats. They are the adult descendants of emigrants.Nothing wrong with that at all. But they are not on temp secondment to another country. They are immigrants to other countries in Europe.
dont put thatcher on the fifty pound note as post-brexit we'll be using fifties like pound coins
Maybe Stephen Kinnock thinks of the National Interest and persuade T.May to form a National coalition Government to deliver Brexit and get the best long term relationship with EU and wider world. It could be EFTA- EEA based but an uphill task as starting from Transition Deal
Thank you — and we love . Maybe there’s Brexit She Wrote in the hopper.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Rumours circulating Theresa May has offered Labour an early election in return for support on the Brexit vote on 11th December!
Gina Miller’s letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
William Hague gives 8 reasons he would support the deal &amp; says he has no idea what would happen if it lost. Number (5) 'look who would be in the same lobby &amp; vote the other way' is an own goal, given the minority govt that will need some opposition support.
Your ideal Brexit model is the country you went to on a school exchange followed by the third button up from the bottom left on your phone's calculator.
Piers Challenges New Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay on the PM's Brexit... via
There's only two ways you can explain a total, abject surrender 'deal' like May's: 1. She &amp; her team are the worst, most clueless negotiators in history; or 2. May &amp; her team work for the EU. It is clearly the latter.
BBC News - Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
You coward, you and your minions will be n the brexit vote, you should have formed a coalition and delivered the lies you promised, oh that's right you couldn't deliver so you shyed away and point the finger
And not a moment too soon !!! #brexit is weirder than #vicandbob on a #strangeday #youcouldnotmakeitup
Proper hard Brexit goal this.
amazing
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
They will lose their seats if they vote for this abomination of a betrayal of British sovereignty.
You wanted Brexit and now you’ve turned it down, how many more goes do you want, that’s what you kept telling us. It’s our turn now and we STAY IN.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is the same as when your mum said “We are having Pizza for dinner!” And you get your hopes up but she brings one of these bastards out of the sodding freezer.
Withdrawing A50 and remaining is a better option. It isn’t easy to see how supporters of brexit could square supporting this with their previous position(s)
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
If it’s about fish - I won’t eat any until #brexit is fried and battered and a #UK is returned to quirky not dangerous seas! #doitforthefish #peoplesvote
When #Brexit means Remain: “Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade”
I can only repeat: THERE IS NO SUCH THING LIKE ANY GOOD BREXIT, there are only BREXIT DAMAGES and lost of quite comfortable life - instead of that #Brexit will turn #UK into next #Ukraine like peripherals outside of European civilisation.
Donald Trump: #BrexitDeal ‘a Great Deal for EU’ — Not the United States. “Right now, if you look at the deal, they may not be able to trade with us and that wouldn’t be a good thing”. Trump indicated he wanted the PM to take another look at the deal.
Um, we have matinee tickets for Peppa Pig. Could they do the Wednesday?
We've watched enough scenes in your 'plays of deception', this debate would be rubbing your joint deception in our faces !!
Generations to come will not forgive us. It is time for a second referendum | Michael Heseltine
You could almost write the names down of those who would be toadying up to May, before they did so. I hated sycophants when I was working! Don't like them any better now! Nicky Morgan was not on the naughty list but we know what most of them have done anyway!
Femi, you speak (without autocue or notes) with such sense and knowledge of what’s going on... yet our politicians don’t. I guess it’s all the selfish vested interests at play with the current politicians not what’s best for the next generation - we need you in parliament
everyone is laughing at our country. Even Donald fucking Trump!
The United Kingdom (UK) becomes the Kingdom Divided (certain post-Brexit ring to it)!
Yes, that might work! A lot of UKIP voters lent their vote to the Tories in the last General Election in the mistaken belief that they would deliver Brexit
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
No point May debating with Corbyn. Both back Brexit.
via ‘HUGE gamble’ Tory Michael Fallon challenges May in Commons over Brexit deal #UK_News
With friends like this, who needs enemies :: May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Brexit was the one and only time in history that the Working classes had the chance to regain our independence and, freedom to choose which way our country wanted to go. We were filled with optimism and hope for a better free and independent future that would make life better for
I suggest that you get working on that trade deal with , as opposed to making ill judged comments on #brexit . the UK is one of your best allies. you better not lose sight of that , Don.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The truest ever words from Donald Trump.
Anything but Brexit Jeza...well we made it this far without you and that poxy front bench...
Theresa May and team takes her #brexit plan to the nation.
#ProjectFear Alive, kicking and seemingly getting more fantastical by the day.
Brexit tings
Will MPs vote for Brexit deal?
The brexit deal is so damaging because it traps the UK under EU rule forever. EU members can use article 50 to quit &amp; the UK can exit any other international treaty. This deal however only lets us leave with the EU’s permission. May is trapping us under EU rule with no escape rt
Note there is a Guardian piece on this but that piece contains a number of unconfirmed + is based on guesswork (e.g., party line)
Can someone please share a link that explains what’s in this #Brexit deal actually contains - neither the nor the have explainers on it. I want granual detail listed in bulletpoints!
Watch "BoJo hits out at May &amp; her Cabinet over Brexit deal" on YouTube -
1. SNP want welfare devolved, Labour don't 2. If SNP scraps it it'd have to at the expense of education or NHS 3. Why don't Labour scrap it on a national level? Corbyn has proved to be a busted flush, both on his lack of understanding on Scotland and Brexit. No fucking spine.
Blackmail and Bribes. This is what May sees as the way forward. Its pathetic.
Jeremy #Corbyn by definition is always right so whatever position he adopted in the past, adopts today or in the future, even if that position contradicts past action must be right. Only is perfect. Anyone else disobeying #Labour's whip isn't perfect &amp; so suspect.
Hold on a minute! 1) is anyone still using money? Cash went out in the stone age, at least it did in advanced societies 2) after the Brexit 50p the Bank of E is trying to wind up non-gammon GB 3) compare Thatcher’s achievements as a chemist (student) vs Lovelace &amp; Hawkins 4) wtf
If May herself still talks about Brexit dividend then how can we possibly expect any Tory MP to realistically vote on the basis of UK actually losing £100B/year, ie if the PM is intentionally delusional, don't expect them not to be
The French MP warned: 'If we need to stay on hold for a while, we will just stay on hold for a while'.
I am astonished, I axially agree with Jeremy Corbin, Labor Leader.
Donald Trump's take on Theresa May's Brexit deal: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'
A YEAR !!!!
Theresa May has less warmth in her debating technique than a block of ice. Jeremy Corbyn will win with ease.
It was always like that. Then they rough up their accents and think they are all salt of the earth.
please answer my questions regarding the customs facilitation agreement.....what does it say about post Brexit trade.... it’s in the deal black and white..
On Brexit, it’s only the Greens who are standing up for free movement - and with the Libdems are providing a lot more opposition on Brexit than Labour, sadly
There is a silver lining in this self inflicted Brexit mess. No chlorinated chicken, gm meat and selling off the NHS. Liam Fox must be pissed. Bang goes his career development plan.
To Jeremy Quin MP-As a life long Con voter I trust you,as a public servant,will vote down the Brexit deal. It is not in the Nations best interest nor is it what we voted for Your personal opinion shld have no bearing on carrying out the wishes of your constituents
'Absurd SCARE stories!' Rees-Mogg MOCKS no-deal Brexit fears drinking water will RUN OUT
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Top of the list ought to be that Brexit is a stupid idea and suicide for the UK.
#Trump says #Brexit deal may hit US trade
today there are reports that once May’s deal is dead, a large number of influential MPs such as Gove will push for that model for the UK. So no economic impact from Brexit if that happens. So we’ll be out of the UK and out of EU upon Indy. I wonder what the divorce bill will be?
"because it is not government policy" YET
It's not Brexit in any shape or form
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds - quite predictable really. #Bregret #Leave
This is not the brexit anyone voted for, if they had another referendum tomorrow I’d still vote brexit
Lovely
“From the very first sentence to the very last, it is a tissue of revisionism, wilful misdirection, false equivalences, and downright lies. You have a lot of bloody gall writing this to me.” in . #Brexit #OpenLetter
Eurosceptic Tory MPs Will End Up With ‘Soft Brexit’ If They Oppose Theresa May’s Plans, Ministers To Warn -
By the bucketload.
Oh - maybe an effective leader of the opposition (and one day govt) should have stopped this waste?
Downing Street hits back at Macron threat over Brexit fishing deal Triggering backstop due to lack of quick fishing agreement would be ‘breach of good faith’ SORE LOSERS DON'T HAVE GOOD FAITH
And we've just entered the Brexit Twilight Zone. May's deal is so bad it has united both Brexiteers and Remainers saying the same things. I even found myself today agreeing with what next? ? #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #VoteDownTheDeal
I agree, he doesn't have a clue about economics or WW1. IMO the NIESR impact assessment is too pessimistic. It says total trade with the EU will reduce by 47%. This is nonsense.
May attacked from all sides over #Brexit deal
May attacked from all sides over #Brexit deal
If the Withdrawal Agreement gets passed by Parliament, then the 'Great' in Great Britain will have been lost. Our country plate GB will be then be reduced to B, rather ironic as, by then, Britain will be subservient to the powers in Belgium.
"Sounds like a great deal for the EU." 's responded to 's #Brexit agreement and says it may hinder trade between the UK and US.
#Brexit #Remain OK, so it is Trump but he is the deal maker, that's how he became President. So when he says it is a great deal for the EU then...
He brings home the results as seen with the Brexit deal and the sweet talking of trump who believed him.
I'm definitely not a monarchist but ... what a thought! The fact that this is even being joked about is telling (apologies , I'm sure you're a very serious person).
Pop that on the side of a bus
Ermm from the little that I know I don't see how Brexit affects deals between the UK and US? Am I missing something here?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The latest Finance Banter Daily! #reutersenergy #brexit
Tory Rebels Risking 'Soft Brexit' If They Vote Down May's Plan, Ministers To Warn
Too late Nigel. You obviously have no clue what damage has been done here.
“Anyone who doesn’t follow my Brexit plan will be sent to bed with no supper and grounded. Then shot by firing squad” - Treesa Mayhem
Probably the only bit of truth I’ve ever heard from him.
What is the point of voting UKIP or any other minority views? They don't speak for the people. If an election is about Brexit then make the election about Brexit. Spoilt papers invalidates any claim of a peoples mandate for soft Brexit or No Brexit.
Please help
If Scotland's First Minister is not included in the #Brexit debate then for me there is no alternative but to declare #indyref2
One of the few things I've heard him say which makes sense... I voted leave so we can freely trade within and without the ETA. This deal doesn't allow that.
Brilliant.
Deleted quote: there is not a correlation between the deterioration of Brexit and Burnley's dwindling form, but definitely a correlation between the deterioration of Brexit and Burnley's dwindling form exists...
What u dumb halfwit #Wrexiteers do not seem to get is that the EU is not going to agree to u cherry picking EU membership The best deal is Super UK i.e. the one we have now
Tory Rebels Risking 'Soft Brexit' If They Vote Down May's Plan, Ministers To Warn
The EU have said this is the final deal. No renegotiation. So it’s May’s deal, no deal or cancel Brexit.
General Election more likely as it is more straight forward constitutionally. Would also put in the difficult position of having to agree on a clear policy on #Brexit. That could get ugly fast...
He tweeted about Brexit all of a couple of hours ago. Stop being a muppet who can pnly concentrate on one thing and also maybe read article too?
#Brexit asked why are we paying £39 bn ? The PM said legal obligations. Like EU pensions. PM used to say they are the responsibility of EU institutions. EU pensions 50% 70% of final salary retirement age 61. Former EU president &amp; EU pensioner still working&gt;
She doesn't believe in anything she says except she doesn't like foreigners. Her husband stands to make a fortune from brexit as does Rees Mogg &amp; quite a few others. So May is whatever she thinks is to her best advantage.
Against #antisemitism :
WTO was always the best option. If we had left eu on WTO the eu would have come running to Britain to negotiate a free trade deal.
Interesting apparently my MP Alister Jack is going to vote for the Brexit deal. He’s changed his tune since this incoherent letter.
The Donald shit stirring again. This Brexit thing is loooooong
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Over 53000 signatures and rising. Have your say on #Brexit Deal here. Please sign and retweet #Brexit #Conservatives #BrexitMeansBrexit #StandUp4Brexit
Harsh but fair. I'll be honest, I preferred the days when we weren't a global laughing stock
Oh eff right off Cable. YOU and YOUR bunch of despicable Tory enablers are as much to blame as Farage for the Brexit debacle. You’ve lost nearly all your MPs and your credibility will take a generation to recover.
Donald trump needs to keep his nose out of brexit just as leavers demanded Obama do
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May's Brexit "betrayal" | BrexitCentral
May 'falls for EU TRAP' - Macron's fishing blackmail EXPOSES Brexit backstop reality
Absolutely and he should he held to just as much account as Obama. Although I mainly intended on tweeting this because lefties are moaning about how we're hypocrites for slating Obama for interfering with our referendum and how Trump's offering his views on the Brexit deal.
I think it has been scrutised Nicky. And it’s been found wanting. The MayBot’s handlers’ preference for national suicide has at least been recognised as such. If she had moral fibre, a backbone, intelligence and statemanship... UK would Remain. But she hasn’t. Bin May. Bin Brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Fat racist boy that stole taxpayers money
Masterful debunking of the Brexit plan...
Eu will delay brexit for GE, also unless cons and lab take very different positions then huge risk of minority govt and no consensus again, no party currently worthy of majority atm
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Hillary Shills For Anti-Brexit! Dick Morris TV: Lunch ALERT! via
People this stupid shouldn’t be in Parliament. It says non of those things and surely people have learned from all the bogus forecasts over the last 3 years
"I accuse you of failing to do your duty." Indeed.
The big lie was #TraitorMay when she said ' Brexit mean Brexit', she had no intention of leading the UK out of the EU, then or now #MayMustGoNow if we are to #StandUp4Brexit . A deal this bad can never be fixed. New Management Required!
Donald Trump is smarter than Theresa May
Will the standard product of assured British tripe still be available in Europe after Brexit´?
The halfwit know-nothing about the #Brexit deal. The imbecile moron just want #UK of #EU as his boss told him to.
Brexit: Trump says May’s deal ‘more difficult’ for US-UK trade #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Watching British Prime Minister May Statement on Brexit Deal Theresa May has fought long and hard to please the people of UK and to end the BREXIT from EU. She has succeeded. Now to finish up the task by stopping the bickering at home
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected - May. She warned on Monday that Britain would be thrust into the unknown if parliament rejects the deal she has negotiated with the EU, as MPs from all sides lined up to criticise the agreement.
Love Vince Cable. He has such a good point on the Labour leader's real position on #Brexit
MrsMay the Manchurian Remoaner Candidate implements MasterSabotagePlan To Try To Force A 2ndReferendum To Kill #Brexit #BRINO
Indeed, you may have noticed that Labour have consistently been explaining throughout the period since the referendum that many domestic issues that were used to sell Brexit are due to this Government's policies. The soap opera round the Tories' Brexit has snowed a lot of this.
They would be voting FOR the #eu AGAINST the #british people in order to try &amp; bring down a #british Govt by seeing it defeated. Remember, #Corbyn is an ally of Sinn Fein &amp; wants a United ireland. #brexit
I disagree, knowingly plunging swathes if the population into abject poverty betrays every principle of human decency. Brexit will only serve to exacerbate this. Traitor: person who betrays friend, cause or principle (OED)
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
The most pointless debate ever with two people who both want different versions of the same thing. For goodness sake why would anyone listen to that. Boring. Include the pro EU Green Party &amp; SNP advocating #Remain &amp; #PeoplesVote. Now that would make it more lively. #PeoplesVote
I would like to understand Sir Graham’s position on the Brexit vote.
Interesting take. Wonder what the Resistance/Gladio stay-behind operation will be called and whether I can register a domain in time to coin it. #brexit
Of course what happens if May in 2 weeks calls 4 a referendum with wording "Do you agree with the Chequers agreement as a transitional Brexit deal before we agree a final deal in 2020 which will also will be subject to public vote: Yes/No. What sort of vote will that be called?
Clash of the titans. Two liars. Two halfwits. Two disgusting individuals.
More bollox forecasts to come. Tell me Leavers how much damage could we do to the economy if we decided not to buy anything other than essentials, since obviously that’s all they care about. Sod sovereignty. Surely we could at least pledge not to buy anything from the EU?.
Brexit terms will allow new UK-U.S. trade deal, PM May’s office says #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Is the uncertainty around Brexit a concern for your business ? Need to restructure your debts ahead of Brexit ? Yes? Call for a free &amp; confidential chat about how we can help you. O7818112824 or email info .co.uk From the team at Hawkins Insolvency Limited.
May would be threatened by agreeing to hold a PeoplesVote: - she would be labelled a traitor to the 2016 vote by ultra-nationalists - she would effectively commit to cancelling Brexit if that’s what voters decide.
Hence Why We Need A #PeoplesVote With Option Of Remaining In The #EU Vs 's Shitty Deal :/ :( :/ #RT
Despite Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU's defence agenda | BrexitCentral
Kept being told by brexit loving mp's that we trade with usa on wto so don't understand it
I’m with that protestor. Most of us are. I see the best of my country in him and I see the worst of it in the BBC.
Farage’s SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
You could ask The Master to have a word with her? #DrWho
Makes you wonder if the Fascists have been listening to the Qween
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade The US president
'Mr Corbyn, I accuse you of failing to do your duty by not opposing in any real sense our government on the most important issue of our times – Brexit.' My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
BBC News - Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade It's obvious that Trump thinks Mrs May has been taken to the cleaners. She is becoming a subject of international derision. Most embarrassing!!
Quel surprise - Farage's pal Trump out supporting Farage on Brexit. Always fascinating to see who gains from positions they take and in this case it is not the UK....
An honourable and noble MP telling the truth #Brexit please RT
If was a packet of crisps #Brexit #DUP
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' - BBC News
When the Tories win an election I don't accept defeat. I just keep on working for the government I want. I will not be dictated to. This is my country too and I believe absolutely that brexit will damage this country and the future prospects for my family. We will not go quietly
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron | Politics | The Guardian
Eight Eurosceptic reasons why we should support Theresa May's Brexit agreement
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Whiskers the cat needs to keep his nose out of brexit just as leavers demanded obama do
Apparently EU membership means obeying all the Old Testament laws eg. Menstruous women are ritually unclean. (Leviticus 15:19-24). #Brexit
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Are the French complicit in this to serve as a warning to what will happen post Brexit?
William Hague comes out in support of May's Brexit deal:
It's like Theresa May's Brexit deal all over again! #ImACeleb
Since all the previous scare-mongering has been decisively disproved by events, why is Gove taken in yet again? Oh yes, he’s the guy who believes that a WTO Brexit will mean we run out of drinking water in days. Probably believes in fairies at the bottom of the garden, too.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is the ‘worst deal in history’: Nigel Farage
if it’s true your kids have German passports, then you sir are a hypocrite and a first rate cad #brexit #brexitlies
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
There is no “try”. There is only “do”.
He doesn’t fucking know what the deal means at all, he doesn’t understand simple politics never mind the complexity of Brexit
Trump slams Theresa May's #Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade &gt;&gt; he’s 100% right. And if we can’t strike free trade deals, what’s the point of her deal. If we’re not out, better off staying in. May’s #purgatory
Last week I also wrote to my MP for the first time. I asked her to vote against this moronic deal, &amp; to have the guts to put in a letter of no confidence in Teresa May. I'm guessing there will be far more letters like mine flowing to MPs than the type your tweet mentions #Brexit
Brexit is a toxic populist policy: so toxic, so populist, that Trump could parade Nigel Farage at his rallies.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I don't think Brexit will benefit the working classes. But we had a referendum and they voted to leave the EU. I think the UK should form a customs union and apply to join EFTA after leaving. That will minimise damage to the working classes.
The Guardian Tuesday: Trump says #BrexitDeal good for EU and Britain may not be able to trade with US. #Brexit
I think the resignation may come in the 3 months after Brexit day, rather than before
“From the very first sentence to the very last, it is a tissue of revisionism, wilful misdirection, false equivalences, and downright lies. You have a lot of bloody gall writing this to me.” in #Brexit #OpenLetter
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Spot on!
An oft forgotten fact is that "The people" were much more supportive of Iraq war (54-38 in favour) than they were Brexit.....
The only businesses supporting brexit are a washed up publican, someone who moved his operations offshore, and a bunch of tax dodgers afraid of new EU rules on tax avoidance. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Mrs May you fall into the same category as Lucretia Borgia you're pure evil personified...You've ignored the vote of 2016 &amp;followed the direction of Globalist other puppetsMerkel Juncker etc.Thousands of men &amp;women gave their lives so Britainwouldnotfallyouhandusoverwithoutablink
BREXIT deal is incorrect it should be termed “Remainers Surrender”. #MayMustGo
Here’s Gary Lineker attacking Jeremy Corbyn in a classic Vince Cable stylee #Brexit
British Parliament To Vote On Brexit Deal On December 11: Theresa May #News #Brexit #Britain #enewsahead
Brexit = Brexit forever. No way out, with added hate for the people who made our country great. All of this is crying shame
Good luck Layla.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
This time, next year when we are all suffering the effects of a no deal Brexit, food shortages, massive unemployment and power outages, will all the extreme Brexiteers be held to account in the courts or will they have fled the country?
Is May Launching a Stealth Campaign for a Brexit Election? #MayDay #MayDay #GoingDown #GoingDown ...
Trump says Brexit deal could mean that Britain can't trade with U.S. via #tictocnews
Great stuff from :
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Yes, yes, ffs yes.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Huh? I’m afraid there’ll always be a group of people on here who are so consumed by their hatred of doctors, regardless of how hard you try to explain the complexities of medical decision-making. It’s no coincidence many of them probably voted for Brexit too.
#Brexit Theresa #May would not be drawn when she was pressed by MPs about a Plan B if ( when) she loses the ' meaningful vote.' I don't expect her to reveal her hand now but I hope she's thinking about the options. She can't just leave the vehicles burning after the car crash.
The latest Tria de piulades! Thanks to #brexit #academia
Archcriminal #Netanyahu Seeks Immunity By SQUEALING On His Bosses #Trump #MAGA #Israel #Jerusalem #UKIP #Brexit #Infowars #TommyRobinson #UniversityChallenge #MarsLanding
It's obvious that has more interest in the welfare and livelihood of the British people than our Government does. #Brexit #draintheswamp #lockherup
just watched your Syrian refugee story and a question you asked was are you scared. unbelievable , you are actually making Europe rightwing with your filming but you just don't get it do you. if i had been coast guard you would go back to Aleppo with them. your so naive .
82.4% of voters at the last election voted for parties that supported #Brexit. There isn't any real Parliamentary opposition to it.
"1st they came for Little Mo Then they came for Gert Veronique just disappeared It was weird what they did to good ol' Bert... ...What did you do Daddy When they kicked in the neighbour's door What Did You Do Daddy In the Brexit Civil War?" #whatdidyoudo #UndeadMusiciansClub
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
THERESA MAYS NEW BREXIT DEAL ADVERT " TRUST ME "
Excellent. It's time to come together and move on. Everyone has compromised in a very British way. Why Theresa May’s Brexit deal deserves support - via
This needs to be spread all over the UK.
I beg to differ. History will show we have been shafted by a two faced PM who doesn't support Brexit and is pro the EU. The will of the people has been completely ignored by self righteous MPs irrespective of how you voted in the referendum.
Let me be clear. I do not agree with Brexit. At all. However, it will eventually bring Scotland independence, which I fully support.
Even would not be dumb enough to vote for this deal if he were a U.K MP .#revokeArticle59, #PeoplesVote
Here's a question then Mr Leheny: How'd you feel when Richard Burgon said the age of the expert [and I feel as if you at Freight NI could be just that, an expert in Freight] is over? #Brexit means Brexit whether #Labour or #Tory #Think32 within #ALDE #FF
The linked story reports U.K. gov believe they will be able to sign new trade deals (with US &amp; others). Tbh I’m very doubtful. The current Brexit is an EU focused Brexit.
And that is a far as it will go. What a shower.
She's always been rightwing nutjob, there's a reason she was a Tory MP. These fuckwits gave us Brexit.
Trust me I’m not even that educated on the Eu or Brexit but I can tell he’s waffling
Corbyn knows that WW1 gave Lenin his chance. He sees Brexit as his WW1.
Interesting that the other people really behind Brexit are the political elite who stabs to gain the most from it
Good #Brexit article
Satan: “God, when will you tell the British that Brexit was only a joke?” God: “Don’t worry, Satan. As soon as they see they are going down not up, they will realize that Brexit is hell, not heaven.”
I am not chasing for Brexit. I fucking hate the notion.
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
A brilliant letter . #peoplesvote
Who was the v. Famous politician who said ‘we will never never never never give up’? That how I feel about stopping the madness that is Brexit.we must not give up the good fight to stop this damage to our country
Major power? First Moldova and now Mauritius...
Sadiq Khan: Erect a Statue of Steve Bray (Mr Shouty Stop Brexit man) on the 4th Plinth in Trafalgar Sq - Sign the Petition! via
Pricetag on pride and ignorance: £100bn A YEAR.
If you’re an Editor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Stopping Brexit? EU's top court hears UK exit reversal case
The not so young won’t either hunny
Agreed. We want YOU and and to do it instead of Jezza.
Seems like your original tweet may have been a bit of a porky?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brilliant day, thank you all :-)
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
As with so very many other issues it's disgusting that anyone should have to take the government to court to prove this.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
What's hilarious about this is that it's the exact opposite of the truth: by far the greatest electoral slaughter of Tory MPs will happen if they approve Theresa May's deal.
Belter m8
The NASA InSight lander just touched down on Mars. Made it before #Brexit when the planets will apparently become more scarce. Milky way may have been a better option if there were a vote ...
How many times did you mention brexit??
EU court rejects Britons' anti-Brexit case - BBC News
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
And what will happen to your job if we do back her #Hypocrite
Totally agree, Thatcher was as close to a Nazi as I ever thought a Briton could get, but even she would fight against Brexit. She was May with an inteligence, while May is Thatcher and thick.
Theresa May needs Parliament’s support for her Brexit deal. The math isn’t in her favor #Economy
People voted for Brexit as threatened by the Remain campaign and promised by the Leave campaign, the Mansion and Lancaster House speeches, and the 2017 Conservative manifesto.
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
When you combine that with these further two graphs you might, possibly, wonder whether bad governance is responsible for England's Brexit vote.
May and E.U. Reach Agreement on Brexit Deal Nobody Wants - New York Magazine
I’ve written my eulogy to Brexit in the form of a Haiku: , Brexit was two years ago, Now we’re all Remain.
BBC News - Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Which duo are the best leaders of Britain &amp; America? #Conservatives #Labour #UKIP #LibDems #Greens #ForBritain #BritainFirst #Brexit #BBCNews #ITVNews #C4News #SkyNews #BBCQT #BBCTW #Newsnight #Dems #Democrats #GOP #Republicans
The latest The Paul Adams Daily! Thanks to #brexit #marslanding
LMFAO
Regardless if you personally believe climate change has been accelerated by humans the EU would have to collapse before this would happen. Do you see that happening? I don't based on what what we are seeing with Brexit.
I'll be shocked if she doesn't sign it. She clearly has no love for the electorate or her party.
Theresa May pitches Brexit deal directly to Labour MPs ( )
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
BREAKING NEWS! DONALD TRUMP THINKS!
DAVID MILIBAND: "Fascism is necessary. Brexit voters were too poorly educated to take this decision for us all. Mussolini was right. The quality of voter should be factored into democracy, somehow. Our votes are not equal and the majority is not the true nation. #PeoplesVoteNow."
Because the EU is unreformable. There is only one thing on the agenda-the federalisation of Europe into a single State. It’s time to Leave! #Brexit Brexitforever #EUgameover
The smart money is betting on a tweet slagging off May and/or the Brexit deal.
You have been on another planet to most of us in Barrow especially over Brexit, No deal by the way to Mays Brexit sell out.
The madness of Brexit! Stop it via a vote!
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Happy to take our revenue, our electricity, our oil, gas, inventions, academics, setting up of a lot of the world though eh Janet. Wee bit hypocritical. I'm sure if Ian blackford was aware you existed, he'd sigh &amp; say 'oh look, another insular, naval gazing, deluded brexit bigot'
Exclusive. The latest threat Tory Brexiteers: vote against May's deal and you'll end up with a customs union. Expect more of this in coming days.
1 word. Brexit
But that's the whole point of #Brexit as defined by the unspoken intentions of those who frequent 55 Tufton Street. It's all about eliminating the middle/professional class &amp; making most British people poor &amp; subservient to the greed/financial interests of the 1%.
And the testers are looking at you with wide eyes.
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B Begs question of what Efta nations (who need to approve) say? Another fail for Guardian reporters, failing on proper research.
MPs to vote on the #BrexitDeal on 11 December.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
This would seem to sum up May ver well. This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
People saying they know what will happen after Brexit are the same as people saying they don't like fish but have never tried it. #brexit #BOB
So brexit is about race for you?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Trump is right. This Brexit deal closes off our global opportunities.
you’ve done such a good job!! #PeoplesVoteNow
Date of the Brexit vote that could topple Theresa May confirmed
How the mighty have fallen! 21 months of being bossed by the French, Irish and Germany. Could Trump have negotiated a better deal?
Theresa Mays Brexit advisor
You know more than virtually every economist the sane side of Patrick Minford (who also says Brexit will decimate farming and manufacturing but that gets overlooked)? You must be some global genius. You're wasted running a dodgy kodi TV addon
You're actually trying to compare a deeply moral and philosophical issue over life and death of an unborn child to Brexit? As if the two issues are remotely linked? Come on, you've got to be better than that...
U.K., EU Approve Hard-Fought Brexit Divorce Deal. Now the Harder Work Begins. - The Wall Street Journal
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Don’t do drugs kids
. resigns shortly after her deal is voted down. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE
The only golden ticket in the chaos of Brexit is the backstop
One week later, and is still Prime Minister! Now that the #EU27 have approved the #WithdrawalAgreement, what will Parliament say? Most likely, things we have heard before. Be prepared for the next chapter in the #Brexit drama by re-reading the last one....
have you seen this?
The Only Clear Gainer from #Brexit: Vladimir #Putin
That’s not it done/over then, is it?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Does anyone really care?
The latest Early Warning! Thanks to #implantfiles #brexit
Don't imagine there's much chance if bridge building now..... #brexit #PeoplesVote #UseTheMandate #indyref2 #IndyRef
#Wages have risen at the fastest pace in nearly a decade, continuing to rise above #inflation. Read more on : #salaries #Brexit
So critical that Labour comes to its senses (see ) - if Brexit goes through and Labour hasn't fought it tooth and nail, the party is finished. Tories have split the nation w/ a Brexit that destroys prosperity and freedom, but they will rule for decades
Err MPs will lose their seats if they lie to them that deal is a ‘good’ one - not rocket science it’s great deal ......for the EU and not the brexit we voted for. Get a grip or resign and let someone else sort your mess out.
Trade is the least of our problems with brexit.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
The Withdrawal Agreement: Essential reading for all MP's. #NoDealNoProblem #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #SuperCanada #Labourleave #LeaveEU #Brexit #JunkTheBackstop #BinTheBackstop
This
‘s team thinks she can call a second vote - will she just keep on calling votes until she gets the answer she wants? Isn’t that a betrayal of democracy? An affront to the will of the people etc?
British High Commissioner to South Africa, Nigel Casey, has reassured that they are working hard to ensure there is no disruption in trade between Southern Africa and the United Kingdom after Brexit.
Seriously. What good would a #PeoplesVote do? One good reason. Anyone? #Brexit
Definitely not what I voted for, it's an awful deal. We need a proper Brexit
“The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.” - Bertrand Russell
Trump: “Right now as the deal stands she may not -- they may not be able to trade with the U.S. and I don’t think they want that at all, that would be a very big negative for the deal”.
Mounting opposition in GB to the GB orientated parts of the deal, not the NI orientated parts. Hell of a difference from the picture you’re trying to paint Nigel. We’re not stupid. Resilience is protecting NI from the harmful effects of #Brexit &amp; instability over an impending UI
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
"It breaks my heart to have to write to you in this way, but you have given me no alternative."
Also consider that the rightwing press in the UK started attacking transrights when the focus on Brexit died down (until two weeks ago but still). So not only do you have leftwing women in the UK that become TERFS but also rightwing women in the UK pretending to be TERFS
"This a Brexit bombshell&amp;it has blown apart the whole government's post-Brexit trade strategy.""Even DonaldTrump,not the sharpest tool in the box,knows this deal is a bad deal."May promised a GlobalBritain,but her Brexit is globally unpopular.“
Yes - your party should be doing A LOT MORE about this than you are! This is more serious than a bad Brexit even.
Here’s a thoughtful argument you voted remain so can’t understand that sovereignty was a more important issue than immigration in the vote to LEAVE!
Grief Trump says something sensible: May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU'.
Tony Blair has it right...why are we doing it, why #Brexit. Oh because the majority says we should. It’s like when you come back from school as a kid and ask for something because everyone’s got one and your mum says if they said take heroin, would you want that as well
Kudos to of for using the appropriate unit of measurement [the Wales] in the Brexit analysis: [h/t a friend].
Could this country BE that lucky??
'Worst Deal in History': Farage Says May's Brexit Agreement Puts UK in 'Never-Never Land'
Readers’ Poll: Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any Brexit TV debate?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
In all the Brexit hullabaloo, this single truth shines forth unquestioned
#BrexitDeal The real problem is that Theresa May is driving her career and mistaking that for the interests of the UK. She was hopeless at the Home Office, she lost an election and a majority and now she is giving away Britain whether you are Remain or Brexit. Utterly Hopeless.
Theresa May set to appoint Fultz to take over Brexit negotiations
Absolutely disgusting You are not only denying people their democratic right you are deliberately inciting trouble
It's a cross party demonstration all bought about by right wing wanting brexit. Centrist and Right wing (coalition) offering a vote.. centrists and center right calling everyone racist and losing to the right.. but now it's the lefts fault ? Corbyn is wise to remain neutral in it
What President Trump fails to realise is there are no winners from Brexit, only losers. It took great leaders like Thatcher, Kohl &amp; Mitterrand to realise the potential of a single market of goods &amp; services. #BrexitChaos
In fairness that could be a good thing. The inevitable consequences might finally slap people hard enough to realise how stupid the idea of ending fom is and unlike a bard brexit it's quickly reverseable
If we do go to war with the British, we should do it on a balcony where they're jumping of.
Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as "great for the EU"
Too right
Sack May
I have a message “ . . . and I am determined to deliver it” (looks very seriously at the camera) #Maybot #StrongAndStable #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
More rocks ahead for Gibraltar in Brexit talks
On Outside Source a few minutes ago they were talking about mathematics of Brexit vote. Touched very slightly on the possibility of abstentions coming into play (off back of very sensible tweet from Stewart Wood MP) and then dismissed it out of hand. Nearly discussed...
It’s probably just me, but it seems like some of this #Brexit stuff wasn’t planned out very well.
The argument (understandably appealing to many) of "Let's get it all over" doesn't necessarily support the May deal, or hard Brexit. Both would mean years of trade&amp; other negotiations. Cancelling Art50, pending endorsement or not in a Ref, could get it all over by end 2019.
Whatever you think of his politics his ability to adapt to rapidly changing market conditions is bordering on genius #Brexit #BBCNews
Brexit is like a surgeon saying to a patient you know you agreed to an operation on your leg last week? What I forgot to say was I need to amputate it! You agreed last week so I am not giving you chance to change your mind!
Jacob Rees-Mogg is many things but he is not a "populist".
Officially launching my appeal over the fact my team “Enjoy the money. I hope it makes you very happy. Dear Lord. What a sad little life Jane.” lost best team name to “Cupid Stuntz” #Brexit
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
"#Brexit won't just affect the UK – it has lessons for the global economy | Mohamed El-Erian"
We are unable to do so if this obscenity of a deal gets the go ahead through Parliament, we are praying it doesn't! Trump: UK May Not Be Able To Trade With US Under Theresa May's Brexit Deal- Via - #NeonNettle
With respect Andy he brought Brexit into his tweet and he doesn't care about his constituents if it is Brexit or child grooming. He just tweets rubbish
Its drunken Andrew "I love Brexit" Neil and the liar farting on about what a shite agreement this really is... or might be...
Norway Plus Super Canada Nazi Germany These Brexit hardliners should really make up their mind
Apocryphal nursery tale predicts the outcome of Brexit
Brilliant
Bit like how the Tory right tefulsrly used to wheel out Mrs Thatcher years after she left office (and before she had dementia).
EU re Brexit: “Don’t let the door hit your arse on the way out.” | Goodbye to all that
David Lammy encapsulates the problem with parliament right now. It's populated by intellectual pygmies who shouldn't be in charge of an ice cream van let alone a country. Our descent into a banana republic continues.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Donald Trump gives Theresa May a tongue-lashing over Iran and Brexit via
Well I never. Having been told in Washington in Jan2017 how excited US was looking forward to #Brexit and a new trade dawn with the UK I am now told Mays deal is not Brexit and the US govt know it. So no deal with them. deliberately blowing off Brexit benefits.
You’re right. Parallels can be drawn between the Treaty of Versailles and the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement. The reparations aren’t as penal, but they must be paid in full and up-front. What incentive will France, Ireland or Spain have to let us leave?
#Wales #England #NorthernIreland #Scotland #worldnews #UKgenocide #genocide prevention #BRexit #UK #Law
#Trump warns May's #Brexit deal may hinder #UK trade with US
He's far-right tbh!!
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - not sure who I’m more sick of, the Brexiteers or the likes of this tulip women harping on about a people’s vote as if that’s some magic wand that will make everything good ...cretin
May's dancing vs Corbyn's dress sense. Battle to the Brexit death. In one politician's "vision" you want Brexit shoved down your throat. In the other politician's "vision" you want it up the arse. Will make for great telly!
Why isn’t she, or Corbyn for that matter, cognisant of the impact that the solid Remain support and general anti brexit deal sentiment across the population, will have electorally? They are digging themselves a huge electoral sinkhole!!
We want a #PeoplesVote, , , , , , !
I think Nick should take on the Brexit talks, he's sorted that meal situation out very quick. ( No surprise really who'd miss out). #imacelebrity2018
Obviously not listening again. Trump thinks not
#EU court rejects Britons' anti-Brexit case - BBC News
EMERGENCY BREXIT
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Eight Eurosceptic reasons why we should support Theresa May's Brexit agreement
You get that we currently buy far more than we sell... we’d benefit greatly from inward trade flows. I find it ironic, that many of the same ppl deriding #brexit, care little that the EU customs union, unfairly punishes developing markets. UK biz could invest abroad 4 uk imports
Square one sounds an attractive proposition.
“Growing number of MPs saying we should scrap Brexit” he says, think they need to get out more.
Don't imagine there's much chance of bridge building now..... #brexit #PeoplesVote #UseTheMandate #indyref2 #IndyRef
On the bright side:
And this is the primary reason why her deal is a disgrace. Brexit was a revolutionary movement from the very bottom, an uprising against the direction of ever more centralised EU control. The desire to break away and start afresh, carving our own destiny with new trade deals.
The ‘abysmal shambles’ line is also a very good reason to change course now.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Whatever anyone may think of Trump he's not wrong on this, or on very much else where power dynamics of international relations is at issue. with her accomplice Olly Robbins has negotiated a rotten one-sided #Brexit #WA with too much ceded to #EU :(
Like everything else, Trump's views on #Brexit are based entirely on self-interest.
#Trump says #Brexit deal may hit US trade
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 - BBC News
Putin indeed is a great leader.He had the huge supports of Brexit's people.
The Politics Club from Marlwood featured in BBC’s #school should be put in charge of #Brexit negotiations - brilliant students!
You might say it's *dons sunglasses* not a Don deal
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade -
What you really mean Mogg is your own personal freedom! That's your freedom to deposit your personal imvestmemts within the EU and hang the wellbeing of less well off UK citizens who'll have to bear the carastrophic consequences of a Brexit imposition!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I wonder how many are Brits escaping Brexit.
Spot on. Never forgive the Tories, never forgive the Leave lies and the rest of it. Keep away from us
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
His message is embrace risk...now which way did he vote on Brexit? #RadioGorgeous
#FBPE falling apart in internecine war of ideologies nazi v commie.
THERESA MAYS BREXIT DEAL JUST WALKED IN #GTTO
It’s actually rather funny. The media loves to screech about “democracy being under attack” yet have nothing to say about Theresa May’s approach to Brexit.
Funny how those who voted Brexit in Britain and Trump in the USA are the first to lose their jobs. Next time you vote, idiots, think about your families instead of hating foreigners. And MAGATs, please remember that it is Pres. Obama who saved the USA auto industry.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
In fact, there were so many different versions of "Brexit" it's difficult to know what the majority of leave voters voted for.
This is absolutely brilliant. Well done Mr Harding highly doubt will read it, to busy bribing and handing our peerages to her cronies so they will vote for her shabby deal. #peoplesvote
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Historic ‘meaningful vote’ on historic #Brexit deal set for December 11
Date Set for Theresa May’s Brexit Showdown With Hostile Parliament INVESTINGcom
Theresa May's #Brexit deal could leave UK £100bn poorer in first decade outside EU via
Negotiating #Brexit right now. Game Theory might have taken us to a better place. #PrisonersDilemma
TOTAL BOLLOCKS!!!! How can you defend the undefendable??? David Mundell defends fishing position post-Brexit ( )
Everybody but Theresa May hates the Brexit deal: a story told in quotes - Quartz
For f*****"k sake. You have no shame. &amp; I have to say this as French in UK for 30 years. Don't use us. Don't even try to use us or you'll find us. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Most popular hashtags among Members today: #Brexit #EU #ImplantFiles #GiletsJaunes #Ukraine
Good piece: A perfectly predictable Brexit via
So David Davis was Brexit secretary for two years. If the current deal is so bad, what exact did he do/achieve for two years? #BrexitShambles
When the PMs Brexit deal fails to pass, Labour will promise their support at the second attempt if TM agrees to transfer huge swathes of EU workers right legislation into UK law. It'll be just one of his demands, but the main one.
Eurosceptic Tory MPs Will End Up With ‘Soft Brexit’ If They Oppose Theresa May’s Plans, Ministers To Warn via
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan? This is my local English paper - please vote in the survey &amp; RT.
Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as "great for the EU"
The UK is literally an international joke thanks to brexit &amp; the brexiters Years of more humiliation lie ahead before we inevitably cede any remaining sovereignty to the International Monetary Fund
The Corbyn Brothers’ plan for Brexit: 1. A customs union 2. Full access to the single market 3. The World needs MORE CO2 NOT LESS! 4. #EU-#UN-#4thReich #Soros #Globalists #Zionists 5. #OurMotherWasAtCableStreetButNazisLoveUsFunnyThat
What’s she looking up to the right for? Didn’t she do that when doing the LGBT event? I think it’s her tell. She’s lying and she’s bloody rubbish at it,despite years of practice
Not really. Manifesto promises come up every 5 years or so and non-implemented ones are either dropped as 'unwanted' or re-cycled as new. Brexit was 'once in a generation' and a simple binary choice of "The govt will implement what you decide". So far not implemented.
Water shortage because of Brexit.I have filled 6000ltrs I have sterile tablets,I know how to collect water etc.Full Brexit I am ready.
From an outsider not knowing anything about #Brexit, I think #TheresaMay has a solution hated by everybody but ask yourselves, if not this then what?? Do the strident objectors of May's plan have an alternative and would that alternative be acceptable to the EU?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I have to agree
And you were given no requirements. And the suppliers didn't have any incentive from giving up their premiums. And the original architects of the design quit. And you were given bad PM to run the project into the ground (Project Manager of course, what did you think I meant?)
He stated that May and Corbyn both want Brexit, which is true. May thinks it will save her career, ideological shite from Corbyn.
World’s going to hell. Trump still a squatter in WH. Nothing matters. So, time for a #StressBreak from HRM! Queen Elizabeth, Brexit, and Canada | 22 Minutes via
he certainly didn't fight two world wars.
#Rothschild Rule Ends After 250 years; New Era To Begin #Trump #MAGA #NWO #Soros #UKIP #Brexit #Infowars #TommyRobinson #UniversityChallenge #MarsLanding
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
This is the #Brexit" plan B" you'll be hearing a lot about over the coming days.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
ICP is another name for PFI another huge NHS sell-off. Time to change sides Sarah.
'My Parents Voted Brexit' is quite good. It's more of a summary of the week, followed by discussion by the hosts.
Are you freaking kidding me - Russia knows Trump will do nothing &amp; Europe is in the grip of Brexit, Christmas round the corner &amp; NATO questioning US commitment. NK / Russia / Saudi's et al have played your admin &amp; are emboldened by the ineptitude of the idiot you put in charge!
Brilliant Mike Harding
Hear hear Madeleina #FinalSay #FBPE #StopBrexit #SacktheBrexitDeal #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
As does any form of brexit, you idiot.
The Theresa May cowed and appointed lobby group, aka Cabinet, congratulated Theresa May on how well Theresa May had done this day.... Smashing....
While Obama drew a lot of criticism for ‘interfering’ in Brexit, the same does not apply to Trump apparently. No word from Trump on Ukraine today, but criticism of NATO and a poke at the EU. Putin will be pleased
Listen, and understand that the Maybot is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until #Brexit is dead. #BrexitDeal
Theresa “no-friends” May #brexit #cartoon
Nick Knowles should be leading our #BrexitDeal .. the guy is just a genuine, empathetic legend! #ImaCeleb #brexit #BrexitShambles
European markets close higher after EU backs PM May's Brexit deal
I voted for Brexit. Am an immigrant. Not xenophobic, obvs. GTFO here with your reductive and divisive bullshit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
#DonaldTrump says #Brexit deal 'means #UK may not be able to trade with US'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit 2016: Boris’ pasty of destiny vs Brown’s patriotic policy via
First analysis of government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year
fuck brexit lives we're all gonna die anyways
Scotland, I think is see a way out of this!!!
- bang on, as always. - please take note.
Where abouts in any of the documents does it say that ?
#Brexit: No deal would be disastrous for NI, business leaders tell parties
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit vote date on Theresa May's deal confirmed as Trump warns it favours EU
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Labour or Tory ...deliver a proper #Brexit or #brexit supporters will punish you at next GE
Bit like how the Tory right tefulsrly used to wheel out Mrs Thatcher years after she left office (and before she had dementia).
. says 's Brexit agreement 'sounds like a great deal' for the EU - but may hinder UK-US trade
Will SOMEone speak to her? Even TRUMP is taking the piss out of her.
European Union Leaders Agree #Brexit Deal - So What Are Your #SupplyChain Risks? - via
Anything’s possible
Now that the EU has agreed to Prime Minister Theresa May’s #Brexit deal, she faces an even tougher challenge: selling it to the UK parliament.
450000 British did NOT survive WW II, how many can Brexit kill before it is recognised as a tragedy?
Must there be a daily Brexit discussion? There are many other issues
Election and New Centre Fourth Reich Chuka/Amber/Rory/Gina? Fascist Party. Solves the Commies taking power by splitting the vote and saves their dosh. Real Brexit Conservative + ukip + Labour Leave.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Let the fun begin... #brexitshambles BBC //News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
"This a Brexit bombshell&amp;it has blown apart the whole government's post-Brexit trade strategy. Even Donald Trump,not the sharpest tool in the box,knows this deal is a bad deal."May promised a GlobalBritain,but her Brexit is globally unpopular.“
Date for Brexit deal vote set for 11 Dec #AfghanCouncilGB #BritishAfghans #BritishAsians #UK #Afghanistan #AFG #Brexit
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed (via )
Selling us out, cutting our opportunities and destroying democracy #Brexit 17.4 million betrayed
So who is going to be there to demonstrate?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Any MP who has the gall to vote for this abject surrender is not fit for office and should be deselected
A can of shit that you yourself opened.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Watching British Prime Minister May Statement on Brexit Deal
What happened with the Brexit motion?
Quite a piece. “Trump playbook. May bamboozles her audience &amp; makes claims so grand, with such solemnity, that we are left dazzled by the glaring inconsistencies […]. Before there’s time for them to be properly examined, they have become […] rolling banners on news channels.”
Extraordinary how quickly the BBC adopts this new narrative in response to briefings and comments from the Government. This is how it plays its part in helping to circulate and narrow the terms of political discourse, marginalising alternative narratives.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
The Brexit vote is on 12th December. My birthday. Harrumph.
only 38%? Wait and poll after that last #Brexit deal for a laugh.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
It’s much worse when you’re living in it. This is how communist Berlin, and North Korea, and Russia, and Nazi Germans must have all started. And it’s deplorable and bleak. If the U.K. actually goes through with Brexit given this shit show then they’re just as idiotic as America.
Donald Trump has said Theresa May's Brexit deal could harm trade between the UK and the US. Speaking to reporters outside the White House he said: "Sounds like a great deal for the EU. "I think we have to take a look at, seriously, whether or not the...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
You mean the same country that trusted Farage, BoJo, et al enough to vote for Brexit. Then re-elected a gov't that was actively killing it's own population with austerity &amp; "callous" welfare policies, while giving tax breaks to millionaires and doubling national debt. That one?
She shouldn’t have said an awful lot of things. #brexit
is a giant #knob!!!By not supporting the #peoplesvote he’s encouraging a no deal &amp; in turn the US hostile takeover of the U.K.The NHS is NOT for sale!Making us a tax haven! #fbpe Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Just think England, if you binned Scotland that would be a saving of at least £13 billion per year, apparently. Just need to look down the back of the sofa for the other £87 billion...
Trump is right about most things.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Isn’t that the point?
Not #UK Not #EUROPEANCountries
Corbyn is right.
So best to cancel Brexit and stay in the EU, we were doing great then!
Yep, funny how they can see how to maintain trade with Iran, against sanctions, and who wants to kill them, but really can't see how they will trade with the 5th biggest economy in the world, because of #Brexit.
Then you know it's TERRIBLE
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Brexit closes off our global opportunities. You idiot. #Moron
The UK may not be allowed to trade with the US according to Trump's reaction to the latest #Brexit Deal proposal
Can the May Vs Corbyn debate take place as a Total Wipeout contest? The circuit could be Brexit themed - cross the channel, dodge customs, leap the border? It’d bring the country together #thegreatdebate #brexit
Please, let's stop focusing on complaining and make sure everyone in this country knows that if we remain in the EU it will mean NO MORE BREXIT. That will be the way to win the increasingly likely Peoples Vote. Don't let May grab that idea for her dreadful deal
I raised a Q re Newham’s preparedness to Brexit. Mayor assures me that a Newham Brexit board is being established to discuss contingency plans. CTS Cllrs also delivered a petition from Hallsville Quarter residents re changes to crossing outside Canning Town Station.
‘Huge gamble’ Tory Michael Fallon challenges May in Commons over #Brexit deal
‘Huge gamble’ Tory Michael Fallon challenges May in Commons over #Brexit deal
If the UK could get a do over with Brexit, It's only fair the US could get a do over with Trump
I'd like to know what the hemorrhoid's view on #brexit is... I doubt he doesn't have one as doesn't cover much of what happens outside the US
Over 100 grassroots pro-EU groups under the banner 'Grassroots for Europe" hand-delivered a letter to Tusk asking him not to do anything that would impede a fresh referendum - and asked him to make provision for the possible revocation of Article 50.
Oh but some people remember all to well how busy Bray was instigating against certain marches oh and against the people's vote for sure coz it is not his STOP BREXIT check - he has to use his own red sign for bray its a competition big hero? No, BIG £ what coins business?
Ah well, at least Brexit has provided the sketch writers with some meat to get their teeth into... and John Crzce tears chunks out of T May here.
Remain is personal for me because I’m a Granda Lots of children will dress up as a little lambs for their nativity events but their future will be sacrificed because of Brexit On 11th Dec, the day of the meaningful vote, I’m going to support Steve Bray I hope others will too
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Downing Street responds to Donald Trump after he says Theresa May's Brexit deal could harm UK trade with US
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Something something but the buses.
Brilliant FEMI, the leading voice on Brexit. Articulating some excellent points in the debate. Particularly article 7
Activists demand UK environment watchdog in #Brexit trade deal
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
So what's the impact of #Tory PM 's #BrexitDeal? #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Yes, but the tabloids are always going to do that, although ironic as Fleet Street is one of the more prominent group of human rights law litigants (press freedom), or re Brexit deal, see here:
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Also don't kid yourself. Brexit is at best about deciding if you follow US, EU or Chinese rules and standards.
Yes. And. Runs deeper: National self-loathing...
Well I don't think any Brexit outcome will magically fix the divisions that have been laid bare by the referendum sadly; a lot of damage has been done. But politics of hope not fear &amp; focussing on building our country, not dismantling, might help to build us up again.
FWIW May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
world trade with USA can't happen for at least 4 years well done the EU27 thanks you
Sorry guys, we can't have a #PeoplesVote because there's a piece of paper from 30 months ago written by some people who left power shortly after.
Corbynski gives us the benefit of his infinite wisdom.
EEC managed without the UK EFTA managed without the UK The EU has already budgeted for the UK's absence The U.K. Hasn't budgeted for Brexit
Please please please let this happen, or just no Brexit.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
The referendum result is being resoected as we're getting Brexit because we're leaving the EU. The Leave campaign consistently told us we could stay in the SM. It's absurd to say the result isn't being respected because you don't like May's awful deal.
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade: The US president says the withdrawal agreement sounds "a great deal for the EU".
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump. !!!!!!!!
Yes PRAY, PRAY,PRAY. Saint Michael is fighting for humanity. Pray unceasingly. Paris is on fire, you are going to see Brexit, Frexit and Itexit, from the NWO european union. They are calling it the Trump effect. Actually I think it's the God effect.
Thanks to for inviting me to appear on a panel to discuss Brexit coverage after the fantastic annual #Levesonlecture2018 by tonight!
Nick Knowles should be leading our #BrexitDeal .. the guy is just a genuine, empathetic legend! #ImaCeleb #brexit #BrexitShambles
Indeed...which is why he's going on both climate change and Brexit and our media are lapping it up (I assume US media too)
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
The “Brexit deal in 60 seconds video” is bad on a few levels! *The tweet has been promoted, meaning government money is being used to push these lies *The video tried to get cookie permissions for a third party (not twitter or .gov) meaning,they are tracking viewers! #newsnight
UK government says Brexit allows trade deals #Brexit $GBPUSD #Trump
I can't wait to "crash out " of the EU - we will have proper bilateral talks then #DespiteBrexit
UK? ? Meet your new daddy post-#brexit. Sounds like he’ll be just a little difficult to please. But hey, if we must #brexit, at least we’ll be in good hands... well, “grabs” #skypapers #BrexitAgreement #r4today
Enlighten me. Why would it not be easy or painless? What would make it difficult and painful? Would that be England grabbing as much as it could from us, to stave off the bankruptcy for two or three years? Welcome to your post independence, post brexit wasteland.
As if this fucking moron will fool anyone he has even the slightest clue what's in the deal.
European Union Leaders Endorse Brexit Deal: European Union leaders of the 27 states staying on together after Britain leaves the bloc, yesterday, endorsed their Brexit deal with London, chairman Donald Tusk has said. LEADERSHIP recalls that Britons voted…
Chill. I keep having to remind myself to chill. That I wake up at 3am with Brexit screaming through my eyes is not good. So here's a dancer to remind you all what fun is:
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump | guardian
Without it was responsible for the brexit vote or played a significant part in that vote
Any BREXIT deal leaving the EU with powers over the UK is a BAD DEAL.
I think the baby has thought through Brexit more than the Brexiters.
I've just added my name to this. Will you? May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Date set for Theresa May’s Brexit showdown with hostile parliament
This would be so bad for us- please no!!!
It’s not for her or parliament to decide! It’s the people who will be most affected who should have a say. Yes we voted for the IDEA of Brexit now we need a say on whether or not to accept the practicalities of any deal #PeoplesVoteNow
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Listen I hate May and I hate Corbyn and Brexit is impossible to achieve with the promises sold to the public as is Labours 6 tests. Don’t think I am backing May cause I can’t stand her.
Trump says Brexit is a great deal for the EU. At last, words from the president I actually believe!
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
Haha From a high of 2676.25 Back to test the 2660 level again AH If #ES_F 2650 can't be defended by the bulls tomorrow, the next level would be 2600. I firmly believe this level 2600 would hold for this week at least until more tape bombs from China trade wars and Brexit saga
Oh goodness, yes!........... just Trump &amp; Brexit to go now
Good!!!
Surprised that Donald is commenting on Brexit deal. Unless he's just making it up.....surely not!
Answer: the wealth and power of the privileged few. That of course is the purpose of those organisations based in 55 Tufton Street. Make the British people poor with #Brexit in order to conserve the status power and wealth of the British elite. #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
If Corbyn is the answer you didn't ask the right questions #revokeA50 or become irrelevant Red Brexit Britain #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw ingnored #PeoplesVote now
May doesn't give a Shit,the People vote for Brexit,May the Prime Minister,now drunk on power,probably drinks Pimms,Clauses,I applied for a Job as Santa,Read the Contract,to sign to Many Clauses ha,May Clauses is to Stick to Eu Laws,not UK withdrawal from EU,Stupid Women,May go.
Hot off the press! Plastered Politics' Daily Review is out! Stories via #brexit #cdnpoli
There is a man who knows how to do a deal
And the more’s the pity. UK could use a giant pineapple or a big banana to lift that gloom. Yup, that’s my Brexit solution - large replicas of fruit.
Please mistruth not lie! It makes it so much more palatable and less offensive. Apparently.
Remember how not too long ago these folks were going to great lengths to uphold Parliamentary supremacy whilst dismissing referenda as incompatible with our system of government?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Brexit globalist elites in the establishment trick voters into believing they are anti-globalisation, shock!
How does taking us out of pre existent trade deals that aren’t tailored to us or benefit us (hard brexit) close off our global opportunity?
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed. She'd always assumed the people enjoyed being lied to!
Indeed. Corbyn has his share of blame too. He has been totally ineffectual during Brexit.
Is the only utter thundercunt who truly believes in this piece of crap “deal”. please help this career politician find her way out the Westminster bubble &amp; into the real world. As we never threatened to truely walk away the EU schooled her.
A bit Soviet...
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I agree. It's not that the Brextremists haven't worked it out. They know the damage all right, but they're not going to spell out the consequences of #Brexit until March 30th.. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
European Update – Italy And Brexit Lift Sentiment
The reason im doing it #brexit is for my grandkids
Nick Knowles should be leading our #BrexitDeal .. the guy is just a genuine, empathetic legend! #ImaCeleb #brexit #BrexitShambles
She called a general election a few months after the previous one! on her reasoning we should only ever have one general election and stay with that result for ever afterwards!
Think most of us here with no longer any voice in the UK know this. Don't we?
Sign. RT. Get all your friends to sign and RT.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
SNPs and all the other remoaners Still trying to stop Brexit asking the ECJ If MPs in parliament can vote unilaterally to stop Brexit 498 MPs vote to trigger A/50 How can MPS vote to erase 17.4 million votes You lot live in a dream world
MUST-READ: New report shows Government’s dodgy #Brexit deal will cost Britain £100bn by 2030. Time for a #PeoplesVote
There is a way out of this: lose the first vote and go to Brussels to negotiate the closest Brexit possible: single market and customs union. DUP won't oppose and SNP could support it. ERG are a busted flush now and irrelevant.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Will MPs vote for #Brexit deal?
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Once a Europhile, always a Europhile. Mrs May probably was sick the whole week after the Brexit result. She played the 'Soft Remainer' &amp; has duped the whole Nation. If this deal goes through, our politics is utterly broken. This betrayal will never be forgotten.
Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US | The Independent
Well the tweeted about their flawed survey and their subsequent silence speaks volumes. Rather than helping the Brexit cabinet, they diminish their standing as an independent organisation. Why would anyone join a Brexit pressure group - especially someone in business?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Government admits it could try to halt Brexit if MPs want to
In these uncertain times, one thing is guaranteed...there’s no way Trump has read the Brexit deal.
Get on with it? No, May’s #Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
We had a people's vote in 2016. We voted for brexit, get over it.
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
oh look, The Waffle King is sitting on front bench...
Sign this letter urging MPs to vote against a disastrous #Brexit deal, one that leaves no one satisfied. It's time to show May what her precious "will of the people" really is.
Donald Trump says Theresa May’s Brexit deal could mean UK can’t trade with US..
UK Parliament to vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal on 11 December..
With 4 months to go before we leave the EU, Brexit experts have produced a road map of what may happen next and how businesses can best prepare:
A damning indictment of May's awful Brexit deal.
Ok I think we could go on all night, I'm interested to know right what are you hoping for regarding Brexit?
LibDems lost any credibility they had when they joined the Tories to implement austerity. That more than anything led to the Brexit vote.
Blooming Alpacas coming over ere taking hair do’s from British er Camels, er Vicunas, er Llamas, ah poodles ( oh merde they’re French), er Boris’s yep coming here and making Boris look.....
If opens her mouth to speak then she is lying, she lied about Gibraltar, macron says he won't let us leave backstop until we give them fishing rights. She lied to NI, it is NOT Brexit, and we won't forget your betrayal, you are toast at next GE especially supporters
I will never get behind Brexit
…this survey (of a larger number of members - perhaps they even waited for the survey to finish?) shows IoD members as strongly against Brexit, and becoming more so...
Yes, but half the people in the “Brexit country” are deeply embarrassed about the way the government behaves. Please remember that... please don’t tar us all with the same brush. We are victims too in all this. We ( Remainers) didn’t want this.
Cracking intel from on the plan kicking around Westminster to make 'no deal' Brexit impossible
I hope Ireland follows us to freedom in the years ahead. #Brexit #Brexitforever #EUgameover
That's the idea.....
To get Corbyn to make any decision is an impossibility. Useless.
All because David Cameron wanted to appease the Brexit wing of a divided Tory party ...
So Brexit is rubbish, but 37% of the electorate voted for it so we have to do it and that's why it's a good thing to do. And these people are running our country?
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Brexit: Theresa May regrets EU 'queue-jumpers' comment about time Nay got something right
Well, 53.3% of the West Tyrone electorate choose not to vote for you. So a majority unrepresented. The failings of FPTP.
As business owners we have professionals who advise us. Not those who lose hundreds of billions cos they don’t understand basic economics. #BrexitAgreement #RHI
please take us there a few years after brexit and see what happened
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
But the only reason we are in this situation is because you and your cabal of right wing ideologs lied to the voters in the first place. Don’t aim for the moral high ground it’s way out of your reach.
This is quite huge even though many people have been saying it all along.. Under pressure, the Govt has finally published the text of its (failed) application for direct it to revoke the Article 50 notice.
It was a funeral masquerading as a baptism. In Brussels, Theresa May’s Brexit deal was welcomed into the world by the UK’s 27 soon-to-be-ex-partners and the priesthood of the European commission.
I have bred dogs to eat when Brexit happens.I am a true Brexit Prepper.
let's do that then!
Keep fighting this WA and for a clean Brexit #Brexit #WTOBrexit #StandUp4Brexit
All the tories pissed off because somehow Sunderland caused brexit. Best thing to do is just agree and tell them it’s crap so they never bother coming to see for themselves.
May’s #BrexitDeal ? It’s a blindfold Brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Brexit is for the elites, to take back control of YOUR money, laws, and borders.
Bit like how the Tory right tefulsrly used to wheel out Mrs Thatcher years after she left office (and before she had dementia).
Any BREXIT deal leaving the EU with powers over the UK is a BAD DEAL.
Theresa May needs Parliament’s support for her Brexit deal. The math isn’t in her favor.
NEW STORY: (MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal on 11 December) on DigitalEditorial -
No I don't. I think leaving is daft full stop. As far as the deal goes, my main problem is that they've delayed so much that the future arrangement isn't worth the paper it's written on, so it's a blind brexit. No idea on what the outcome will be in 5 years time
Labour has to do better on Brexit or face the consequences
What was her reply? "Brexit means Brexit"?
Is Brexit worth it Scotland. Time for change #DissolveTheUnion
Who cares? We already know who's lost. Us.
Why is she still PM? She is utter useless, massive liar. How do you save UK from this mess she made? She has done nothing other than ruined everything.
same applies to #UK #Jersey #Guernsey #IsleOfMan #Falkland s #Anguila #AkrotiriandDhekelia #BritishAntarcticTerritory #Montserrat #BritishIndianOceanTerritory &amp; the islands of: #SouthGeorgiaandtheSouthSandwich #Bermuda #Cayman #BritishVirgin #TurksandCaicos #Pitcairn #Brexit
Doesn’t it just.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump #stopbrexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Jeremy Corbyn response to the Prime Minister’s Brexit Statement - The Labour Party
UK Parliament To Vote on May’s Brexit Deal on Dec. 11
You not much of a reader Dave?...
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
I’m still waiting for the recession that would happen after the #brexit vote...
When is a democracy not a democracy? When it's #Brexit
May facing ‘NUCLEAR MELTDOWN’ over Brexit division as PM gathers Cabinet
Well if theres one sure way to lose 1000's of jobs its to elect a labour government Brexit or Remain.
Already lost it. How many jobs lost to brexit already?
NO WAY!!! is that cruel!!! This is what she ordered. Get - over - yourself mr. peston. No capitals for you sir ... slaaaaaaaap!!!
As they should be. Shame May's #Brexit policy is in support of EU's best interest.
Brexit survey - have YOUR say on the nation's future | Shropshire Star
UKIP did not field any candidates to protect Brexit and supported the Tories. Many UKIPPERS never trusted the Tories, rightly as we can now was a deliberate policy .
It's good enough, let's get this thing done, and then we can all concentrate on the important things that matter in our lives.
This Leaders’ debate on Brexit. Can anyone see the essential flaw in the production?
May Threats: 1. "It's this deal or no deal" 2. "It's this deal or no deal or no Brexit" 3. "It's this deal or no deal or no Brexit or, actually, a different deal."
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Not one of them has a hope in hell of leadership! Most members are leave voters. The names on this list by supporting Brexit sell out have hit plague Popularity! No one will trust this crew, ever again. Toxic the lot
Yes indeed. Let's try to get this positive message over to anyone who believes May that her deal means the end of Brexit. We can put Brexit behind us by staying in the EU. Most of us were absolutely fine with it until the fanatics began to yell at us.
"First analysis of government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European" ( )
How `Equivalence' Stands to Shape Post-Brexit Banking: QuickTake - Bloomberg
Full Bannonism!
Any BREXIT deal leaving the EU with powers over the UK is a BAD DEAL.
Umm. May's plan includes a customs union that we can't get out of. They don't have anything, do they? Just #ProjectFear that nobody believes and meaningless threats because they've already screwed LEAVE over completely.
ICYMI - BRUCE DICKINSON: "WHY I SUPPORT BREXIT AND VOTED LEAVE!" #IronMaiden #BruceDickinson #MetalTalk #MetalTalkNews #Brexit
Mays deal does not meet any Brexit standard, just so we are clear.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
The right-thinking folks over there, how do they feel about what’s happening with Brexit?
Wait a minute… Didn’t I read that he favored Brexit?
Rebel MPs 'offered peerages' as May builds votes for Brexit deal
Sorry Vince, but I would prefer or #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task?
This would be a totally pointless debate. They both want different forms of disastrous Brexit. We need someone supporting #PeoplesVote
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
With Brexit back in the news, do you know the difference between the UK, England, and Great Britain?! Great quick (5 min) highly entertaining video to learn to use these terms correctly!
Steven Swinford BREAKING Donald Trump warns that Britain may not be able to trade with the US under Theresa May's Brexit deal.
Not much of a threat as everyone can see that's where this deal ends anyway. You can't threaten someone if they already know that's what's going to happen.
#Brexit terms will allow new #UK-U.S. trade deal, PM May's office says
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
From my Column in the Hartlepool Mail and other comments my position on the current Brexit deal is academic. I will be voting against it as it stands. That reflects the majority view of…
NO better not little better. #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #stopbrexit #s
The referendum result is being respected as we're getting Brexit because we're leaving the EU. The Leave campaign consistently told us we could stay in the SM. It's absurd to say the result isn't being respected because you don't like May's awful deal.
Nicola Sturgeon jumping the gun on fishing in the Brexit deal exposes her party's ludicrous policy - The Telegraph
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
Today, in response to a question from a constituent and member of Lewes Greens, Maria Caulfield MP said that if there were a referendum today she would vote to remain in the EU. She also called #Brexit a ‘debacle’. How about a #PeoplesVote ?
Mike Harding, I love you! This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
How are Brexit and U.S. politics affecting Canadian political climate? &amp; ’s explains in his latest for :
“The chances are currently around zero, to put it bluntly,” said Jonathan Tonge, a politics professor at the University of Liverpool.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Observation: many of the more... passionate advocates for Brexit take personal offence when you take issue with something they say. They'll claim you're insulting them personally, rather than picking apart their argument.
"The botched deal is a bad deal for this country..." #Brexit Jeremy Corbyn
Corbyn won't win. GE, if he did he would carry on with Brexit and austerity and hardship will carry on with him
Links in the replies to help crowd fund for to continue fighting the good fight. Lovely to find out he lives down the road in PT too (whenever he gets home)!
Brexit: Theresa May regrets EU 'queue-jumpers' comment
A handful, because we can no longer afford cups. (Also, only the finest British tea made with the finest British hands:
Only a referendum on Theresa May's Brexit deal can end deadlock in parliament – what the options should be via
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Please Boris, vote down the deal. I was a believer in Brexit and vote leave and campaigned in my local area but all the politicians that had been pro Brexit back tracked and disappeared instead of standing up to be counted. Stand up for what you believe. Be that person Boris. Pls
DT Tom Brake MP: MUST-READ: New report shows Government’s dodgy #Brexit deal will cost Britain £100bn by 2030.…
I liked a video #Brexit is teaching Britain its true place in the world
Hooray!! Now please admit there are NO upsides to Brexit and the best deal for the UK is REMAIN! Come on MPs ... save us the trouble of another referendum which will bring out all the xenophobic &amp; lying campaigners again
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May's Disappointing Brexit Deal... via
I’m shocked that Donald Trump has spoken sense.
UK&gt; Coffee House &gt; Theresa May's Brexit deal is great - for the EU&gt;Do.. #UK
Anything ?? Would you like to respond to any of my tweets or emails? I am one of your constituents after all. Or do we have to send out a search party to those Ohio cornfields?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
startupnewsUK. Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trad - BBC
How weak does she want to make us sound!? Britain is the second largest net contributor to the EU budget? "Legally" we could also leave without paying an exit bill- if they want to play all bitter and hostile- then they’re in a worse position again! We DESERVE better Teresa!!!
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade The US president says the withdrawal agreement sounds "a great deal for the EU". November 26, 2018 at 11:25AM
The Conservatives must not let the likes of Soubry, Clarke and Grieve get us to a point where Brexit is not Brexit at all!! We need a proper Brexit or the Conservative party will be out of power for years to come!!
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
dunno who that is, but it was from 2017, not 2018, so they're clearly a disingenuous knobhead (source:
Guess Brexit might not mean Brexit after all
When Trump throws somebody under the bus hours after they’ve already been run over by traffic
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
As Theresa May flounders out of her depth on her Brexit deal, who should come along and shove her further under water? Why, everyone’s favourite orange-haired insult to humanity, Donald Trump.
Open letter to MP's to #RejectMaysDeal #Brexit can be stopped. Petition: please sign
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
as if President Donald Trump (inherited wealth) is any kind of expert on what makes a good UK Brexit deal.... ...as if !!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
EXCLUSIVE: Eurosceptic Tory MPs will end up with ‘soft Brexit’ if they oppose Theresa May’s plans, ministers to warn
An amazing letter from Gina Miller, which pretty much sums up how half the population or more feel at the moment.
Well, Labour managed to get through the 2017 GE without "committing policy" on brexit. They'd probably just campaign on something like "vote for us and we'll get a better deal", wouldn't they?
Yat another perceptive article from the excellent Rachel Sylvester which manages to talk across the Brexit divide
The most uplifting political slogan in decades: #brexitdeal Because it could be much worse! #brexit
Do they think we are all idiots! We didn't believe the doomongering in the lead-up to the 'Real Peoples Vote 2016' Referendum and we don't believe it now!
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade - "The US president did not specify which aspect of the deal concerned him but told reporters the withdrawal agreement "sounds like a great deal for the EU"."
Maggie's won't be accepted legal tender in any part of Yorkshire, mind if Brexit is forced on the UK there won't be many £50 notes in Yorkshire even when Bread is £5 a loaf and petrol is £10 a gallon.
It’s actually rather funny. The media loves to screech about “democracy being under attack” yet have nothing to say about Theresa May’s approach to Brexit.
Trump: UK May Not Be Able To Trade With US Under Theresa May's Brexit Deal- Via - #NeonNettle
"One could be forgiven for thinking this is straight out of the Donald Trump playbook. May bamboozles her audience and makes claims so grand and with such solemnity, that we are left dazzled by the glaring inconsistencies in her position." #Brexit
Love an informative infographic....
When Donald Trump is shitting on your deal you know you done fucked up.
They should #debate each other in #prison for #treason and #warcrimes seeings both are complete strangers to the #truth ! #TonyBlair #TheresaMay #TheresaMayResign #Brexit #Lexit #Leave #LeaveMeansLeave
December 12. Parliament Square. All day. Bring snacks.
Brexit means breakfast
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Conspiracy theorists might look upon #Brexit as a concerted attempt to destabilise both the UK and the EU. Unfortunately, the world is too stupid for conspiracies &amp; understands only BLOOD ...
WATCH: Irish Professor discussing the Brexit deal is a valuable lesson to some clueless politicians | JOE is the voice of Irish people at home and abroad
You can't even sort out the traffic in Newark you untrustworthy BREXIT loving spiv
Corbyn and macdonnell are as hard brexit as Rees Mogg. They're only opposing cos they want May to fall and get a GE forced. Labour is going to end up on the wrong side of history
understands better than all of these complete w***er excuses for MPs that Madam Glumbucket’s evil BRINO deal is a National humiliation - when will they realise that this is the case &amp; ditch the evil witch? via
Theresa May you flipping moron... this isn’t Brexit, we want Brexit
Please do not let them go we still might need them in the UK watch this space.
Still supporting Brexit is like crapping in your pants because you don't like the colour of the toilet paper
Brexit is bad, full stop.
Instead just puts the fear into God into anyone not suffering from brain damage #UKIP #Brexit
#IfAtFirstUDontSucceed it was Brexit's fault..
Please use this free e-mail system to Contact the Prime Minister urging an EFTA/EEA Brexit: #Brexit #EFTA #EFTAisBetter #efta4uk
Classic quotes that demonstrate a flat refusal to even try to understand what any of Brexit is about.
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
#thewholeoftheUK Take very careful note of this.
Tonight on #AmanpourPBS: and weigh in on #Brexit; discusses racial and political fault lines in the Deep South; and CEO on spreading the tech wealth. Check local listings.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Yes he did say it would be member led but you need to see Corbyn’s dilemma here for the reasons I gave in my previous tweet. It’s not easy for him. A lot of working class vote leavers could turn on him if he reverses his pledge to deliver brexit.
How are Brexit and U.S. politics affecting the Canadian political climate? &amp; ’s explains in his latest for :
The minute she was elected when asked about the NHS her reply it's a public assett that must be sold .
Fireing from the hip, as usual, without having read the 585 pages. Is he stirring up the Mongolian Election as well (assuming they have one)?
Thurrock MP Stephen Metcalfe's 'serious concerns' over PM Brexit proposal
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade via
Trump is temporary. The damage of brexit is permanent.
If they stitch brexit up they will ALL lose their jobs.
And so today she trashed her own economists forecasts. It's always someone else's fault with toxic Theresa.
THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
Westminster Parliament and the Panama and Paradise Papers Scandal and the Politicians who have Tax Haven Bank Accounts! They Ain't all Tories and Brexit is their way of Hiding.
bore off. If you think that’s a ‘great deal’, you’re even more warped than I thought you were!! It’s a shite deal. End of. And one that will hopefully see the end of this Tory shit!
Horse manure
Literally nobody ever says Brexit will cause people to stop wanting to sell stuff. Some people may decide they don't want to buy stuff (if tarrifs inflate prices) and new checks at the borders mean extra time and/or resources are required. It's never about not wanting to sell.
Yes, that is so true. Those of you who engineered Brexit, who plotted and schemed and resorted to the lowest of lies and tactics, yes, you will prosper IF Brexit goes ahead - because Brexit will benefit you, and you despise the rest of this country.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade via
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
So after all May says, she is STILL lying. REVOKE THE NOTICE. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos
Theresa May: vote for my Brexit deal or it’s back to square one
MUST-READ: New report shows Government’s dodgy #Brexit deal will cost Britain £100bn by 2030. Time for a #PeoplesVote to get us out of this mess.
We just need to tell our MPs NO! Write now! #Brexit #peoplesvote #leave
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Bad hair day.
Truth in that
Why aren't they hosting a seminar "Plan B for the British Crown"? The Crown, and the Empire, will be obsolete after Brexit and before 2020.
Please vote on whether Corbyn debating Brexit deal with the PM is a good idea
Trumps concerns about Brexit deal will please lefties in Parliament who have an agenda to push us away from the USA, but should be of major concern to those Conservatives who have not become liberals.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I’d laugh my tits off if accidentally spontaneously combusted due to not having the first clue about how to use a blowtorch. And what a tit he made of himself
"Sounds like a great deal for the United States of Europe."
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Okay, now I believe this is a coordinated effort by Russia and Trump to destroy Britain as anything like a world power.
#Brexit: an appeal to the #EU that makes sense and should happen, though I am not optimisitic.
Theresa May is gaslighting a nation with her Brexit deal mantra via
European Union Leaders Endorse Brexit Deal
Trying to get at that fat juicy unicorn Brexit deal you were promised
Brexit news latest: MPs to vote on Theresa May's deal on December 11 after five days of debate | London Evening Standard
I'm not a racist, but trump is right. This Brexit deal closes off our global opportunities.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
You already know, , that the 2016 vote was won by a narrow margin on a largely false prospectus &amp; with a v limited franchise. - Also, many queries #remain re its legality &amp; funding. - No self-respecting MP can enable this right-wing Brexit disaster. #EU
UK PM May and ministers agree to continue preparation for risk of no deal Brexit
'£39 billion for WHAT?' Brexiteer MP outlines HUGE advantage of NO DEAL Brexit
Brexit resistance takes many forms
“Brexit is an English rebellion wrapped up in a Union flag” ... inside a mystery, hidden in a riddle, concealed in a Tunnock’s Teacake.
Stone Mountain Capital will join Brexit Briefing in London,27/11/18
Plan is junked for what? Chucking this deal means no deal. UK public opinion has not shifted massively to remain, so an extension of A50 does what exactly? EU won’t give a better Brexit to labour, so GE does what? They just delay the problem and EU has no incentive to delay.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Two Brexiteers in Raab and Davis were made Brexit Secretary to deliver their plan but ran off
Straight from the big man himself . Its a deal for the EU &amp; could complicate things between UK &amp; US! Your a useless traitorous cunt get the fuck resigned now !
Sign this petition. It will def stop Brexit.
Her brief was not to get a good deal so she can then scrap Brexit entirely because the deal is unpalatable to both sides. It's a stitch up
They’re not meant to be anti-Labour - I have a lot of respect for them - but on Brexit it feels so frustrating that they’re not really proactively making the case for a Peoples Vote
How ironic would it be if Trump helped skully the deal in Parliament, and the result was a second referendum that canceled Brexit?
Gosh, that’s reassuring.
Bet they got them cheap in Brexit sale.
Global Britain.
At last
Her willingness to be handled by Robbins made this mess. Robbins is an agent of the EU commission and was clearly recruited at Oxford- Philby Style. The UK establishment is more than capable of appalling failure. Robbins must be fired to save Cabinet Government. May must also go.
#Trump warns #Brexit may harm #UK-US trade
Perhaps by going dear god nobody can have really wanted this car crash of an outcome let’s stay and change the EU from the inside.
Theresa May told her Brexit deal is dead bring the date of vote Forward save taxpayers the cost of trying to sell her #GreatEUDeal around the World news travels faster than she thought :( via
Yes Nigel, notably those in Europe (part of the globe that matters a lot to us)...
tfw you're holding a carton of eggs and your best friend throws you a bowling ball
HuffPostUKPol: EXCLUSIVE: Eurosceptic Tory MPs will end up with ‘soft Brexit’ if they oppose Theresa May’s plans, ministers to warn
Is it the chief Brexit negotiator?
Corbyn, the 'man of the people' who refuses to give 'the people' a vote on the final deal of Brexit, how does that work? Democracy according to JC, he's a joke. More interested in his personal ambition and ideology than the good of the country.
ya but i live in tea land so if brexit hurries up it might not affect ur nigga jirupiru
Best analysis written since Brexit bolloxs began....
Thank goodness people are saying it how it is. Have you put in your letter ?
Most people in the UK will probably be happy. No chlorinated chicken or privatised NHS.
‘Meaningful vote’ on Brexit deal to take place on December 11 via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
siri, play american idiot by Green Day
I have not voted for them but I loath them. Electoral destruction awaits. Good. Though none of the others are any good. Frankly Brexit has simply demonstrated what a horrible horrible bunch of politicians we have in this country.
UK PM May still confident of winning Brexit vote in parliament: spokesman ...
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Brothers in arms. and . Be warned Europe !
By walking away from the EU we are putting ourselves right up shit creek. So far Brexit has yielded us a rejection from the world's greatest deal maker (his words not ours) and David Davis promising us bountiful free trade....with the state of Oklehoma. Looks bright doesn't it?
Brexit will collapse if Burnley get relegated. Their players personify it
Jesus wept. Woukd someone e wr please please stop this #Brexit
Steve Bray seems like an absolute champ huh?
go and meet Steve Bray: He's such an unassuming man considering he's one of the greatest Britons ever.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Despite all #PL #PiS governing party anti-#EU rhetoric, #Polexit not gaining traction. #Xtism lost steam as #Brexit revealed the many benefits delivered by #EU to member states/peoples
This is scary
Sounds good sign me up
A. You know the deal is bad. B. You know it won't pass HoC. C. You know a #PeoplesVote (including Remain) with a properly informed electorate, is the best way out now. D. You also know what your 'Plan B' is. #brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
When is our President not right?
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
The season finale of Brexit is going to be must-watch Tv.
Ouch.
All slogans written by Brexit supporters.
Nick Knowles should be leading our #BrexitDeal .. the guy is just a genuine, empathetic legend! #ImaCeleb #brexit #BrexitShambles
hilarious innit for the PayPal account WANT a pensioner who has lost meaning in life? and Bray who only has his daily beg for donations sell merchandise - crowdfund defiance PROFESSIONAL PROTESTOR PROVE TO ME BRAY IS REGISTERED TO VOTE SINCE 2016 tommy robinson of remain
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
England -
As mentioned earlier are you a wannabe journalist jumping on the anti Brexit bandwagon and hoping for media attention? Are you it says you are an Airbnb superhost
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
First time for everything.
The EU do have many issues to sort out, financial commentators state the day after Brexit with a deal or no deal the Euro will collapse causing financial panic across the EU 27 countries. Italian budget needs to be signed off, Germany on the verge of going into recession.
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
The real question I have about the prospect of a Brexit deal crashing and burning is how I get AirBnB to adjust the exchange rate they’re billing me at for a trip to London next month to reflect the lower £ (I’m sure the answer is “I don’t”)
no wonder you are anonymous (although I know at least one of you is a woman:) )
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Vic and Bored Of Brexit
Eight Eurosceptic reasons why we should support Theresa May's Brexit agreement
I hardly ever use Facebook, but went to it just now to share this magnificent riposte to #Maybot. Please do the same if you can. #BrexitShambles
Brexit lol for sure
PLEASE READ: Brexit: Falsehoods, Failures, Fibs &amp; Fabrications Richard Corbett MEP responds to Theresa May‘s letter re her Brexit deal: via
This is the mess the DUP have got us into.........Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030 - BBC News
#May's #Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says #Trump
This.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
More google copy &amp; paste... what's your take on Brexit and this back stop for NI?
I can hunt owls and meerkat.I will be ok after Brexit
May's Brexit deal 'will leave Britons £1,000 worse off by 2030'
#Thatcher would wipe the floor with both of them from the grave ! #BREXIT
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
"Ratifying a withdrawal deal is currently the surest way to deliver certainty about the immediate future when the Article 50 timeline runs out next March, as is written into UK law.” No. Remaining in the EU is best for business. Why would you damage our interests?
Tommy R is an activist against a race war..my god that's the whole point to him raising awareness about radicals...Lammy appears to be the one wanting a race war...why is he organising this when they're only marching for brexit ?
And a #Merry #Christmas to you ! Brexit’s bad enough without you removing smiles from people inspired by singing! #Shameonyou
True. May would want to be PM on Brexit day. But Corbyn would need to use chance to end Tory austerity immediately &amp; negotiation a 'Left' post-transition deal is worth acquiescing to a temporary Brexit transition
RealEstate: Housing - Theresa May's Brexit deal will be vote &gt;&gt; #realestate
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Very good analysis of the Surrender Document
Really????
They’ll definitely lose them if they do back her.
All accurate criticisms of HM Government’s terrible strategy. Basically, at this time, Brexit is dead. Why don’t we all admit it now. Those who want to go for Brexit in the future can go away for a few years and plan a workable approach that people might be able to agree on
Nicola Sturgeon jumping the gun on fishing in the Brexit deal exposes her party's ludicrous policy
Superb v-sign to the British Brexit Corporation's attempts to ignore Remainers....
Quick, #TreasonMay! #AnnounceAbe #Shinzo #Brexit
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade #business #globalbiz
Thanks to , and for having me on their #AmbassadorSeries today – good discussion on Brexit, UK foreign policy priorities and the UK-US relationship.
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B | Politics | The Guardian #Brexit
AKA Chicken Brexit.
The folks who have no clue are the 99% of Brits who have voted, proposed, negotiated and continue to sponsor Brexit. That is, all but the ones clearly trousering a fortune on shorting the UK and it's currency. Compared to them Trump is an expert.
Roger doesn't see the irony in this. It's because politicians lied that we are in this mess.
Like what?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
BREXIT: Eurosceptic Tory MPs will end up with ‘soft Brexit’ if they oppose May’s plans /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Surely the whole point of leaving is to do our own thing. The draft US/UK deal as reported by david Davis was swept under the rug. This current Brexit isn’t leaving, not for real. Not a proper Brexit &amp; doesn’t honour the referendum. Trump is spot on.
Talk about carma..
Theresa May seems to be very much associated with Brexit. I believe it is scheduled to start taking effect in March 2019. But just how long with it take to complete? My BBC link is about Olympus Mons.
Is this entirely fair? Trump offered an FTA to the UK 2 years ago. May's deal makes that hard, if not impossible. It's reasonable, not "full Bannonism," for an ally to be disappointed with such a rejection. Compare it with Europe's stroke when Trump didn't mention Article 5.
Hello fellow Twitterers... If you support Brexit, please help me spread the below hashtag by retweeting and including it on any response to a Brit MP or Brexit Org. Many thanks. #DumpMayAndWalkAway
She put the manure there for them to dump with this betrayal of Britain. I thought you were supposed to report what was going on, not trying to get us to feel sorry for the person who is giving our sovereignty away because she doesn't understand brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
If any of them accept, they should be voted out of government. You are there to represent the people!!!!
Wonderful. I imagine most Englanders would think losing the annual output of Wales would raise UK GDP.
It’s almost as if you think you campaigned for a No Deal Brexit back in 2016.
Incorrect. 'If a democracy cannot change its mind, it ceases to be a democracy'- David Davis. Former Brexit Security.
I reckon nick knowles could get us a good brexit deal #nickinnumber10
I am because I see it the opposite for my daughter as staying would lead to what we all know is inevitable so for me she would grow up and have lost something that I consider more important than the economic ups and downs that Brexit COULD cause.
$SPX +1.55% Big, broad bounce day 9:1 Up/Down Volumes Oil stabilizes on hopes of OPEC Brexit gets EU deal. Now Parliament? $GM cuts 15% of jobs in N.America Italy talks about budget cuts Dallas Fed MFG wte Leaders: Comm, ConsDiscr, Tech Lags: Bonds, Ag, Gold
I support that.
also I CAN'T STAND liberal fbpe wankers sneering at economically deprived areas because they voted to leave (hint: maybe if those places hadn't been left behind by various governments over successive decades, brexit might have been stopped before it was even started)
Typical media elite. Some of us never went on an exchange, Rob. What kind of Brexit do we get? 'Void x'? 'Barren x'? 'sparse x'? 'hopeless lack of opportunity x'?
Tonight I actually feel my country has been hood winked... I think I now would prefer to Remain and await a Gov that have the backbone to Brexit properly. Ashamed of this Gov!!
This isn't really an argument about labour Vs the Tories in a GE tho. Labour needs to show they have an alternative to Mays brexit plan and the overwhelming majority of labour membership want 2nd vote which is supposedly what drives the parties policies nowadays
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
You can deny it if you want, but it’s true. I’m not talking about projected loss of GDP etc, I’m talking about money that’s already been spent just on preparing for Brexit.
No shit Sherlock May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
No deal Brexit SHOCK: UK could 'run out of CLEAN drinking water' if Britain crashes out RBG 3 FOLD RET 10 STOP FEAR MONGERING HONESTLY ARE THERE ANY ADULTS LEFT
"The botched deal is a bad deal for this country..." #Brexit Jeremy Corbyn #GTTO #JC4PM
i even think alot about members of the commonwealth, such as Malta &amp; Singapore so don't think of that in anyway, at least in my case greetings from UK. #Brexit
This!!!
The most admirable Prime Minister May has dutifully negotiated a Brexit deal with tact and realism, bringing about a sensible separation the restores British Sovereignty, Preserves Fair Trade with the EU while opening opportunities for new fair trade deals with non-EU counties.
Where on earth have the 18% people been for the last 2 years?
I just keep watching #Brexit with this sense of disbelief. Like, they're not...they're not *really* going to drive the country straight off the cliffs of Dover, are they? Except...yes? They are?
Surely some kind of saner minds could prevail? A #PeoplesVote, if that's what it takes? But even, I mean, the Brexit vote wasn't *binding*. They could just say "no actually this is clearly a very terrible idea, so we're just not going to do it," and let it go.
Dear - as your constituent I want to make it absolutely clear, I do not want you to vote for 's #BrexitDeal.
Who cares what trump says...december 11 MPs vote against deal, she resigns government collapses, Labour elected, peoplesvote, no brexit...you will be making millions with your tv/radio deals while leaving europe dies...
*I believe a general Teamsters strike would actually change the US political landscape within 3-5 days, &amp; surely if the British people/unions went on strike to stop Brexit, it would have a massive effect. But none of us do it, so...off the cliff we go?
Red States like Mississippi don't want to be in our Union. Why don't they secede? Please leave. Form your own union. We won't stop you from leaving but we won't allow you to pull us down into the muck with you. Brexit? NEWLANDIA USA? See ya.
Their has to be something wrong with the PM's Brexit deal if Britain's friend and Brexit supporter,President Donald Trump, says making a trade deal with his country would be difficult if it is accepted!
Hahahaha shut the fuck up prick
I'm assuming they used the "spiral down to bottom" transition effect for the slide on the country's economy #Brexit
Good question. While it's not hard imagining Trump wanting to undermine May, he's also known for saying things w/o much consideration or forethought.
What do you think of Robert #Mercer, Mr. #MoneyTrader, and his algorithms to benefit from market chaos that he causes by way of #Brexit and #Trump?
If the corrupt political elite who sit in the HoC &amp; HoLare not taken down in the next 100 days,then they will be quite shortly aftrerwards,and hopefully a good % of them will be detained and charged with TREASON.They same to have forgotten the are not feudal Lords but servants.
Add your voice #PeoplesVote #stopbrexit #SacktheBrexitDeal
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
You couldn’t make this up.
People often cite the 52%-48% EU result to say that the country is evenly split. But 614 out of 632 constituencies in GB are more polarised either way than that. This and more in our new article, "Should I stay or should I go? Labour’s Brexit dilemma"
They'll certainly lose their jobs if they back it, the public will not forgive them.
#Brexit protest reaches new heights.
A Labour MP at the No10 briefing on May's Brexit deal tonight...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
uh huh...
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
My local MP is John Redwood, so I doubt I need to check:
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Time until BREXIT is 123 days, 00 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
This sounds more like trump doesn’t like the deal for america does it not? Serious question, if Theresa May goes who would or should be next in line to take over brexit?
I am in Brussels for a couple of days doing some work for EU Commission. The Brussels Times sees Brexit for what it is....but I am feeling optimistic that we may get a #PeoplesVoteNow if we keep applying pressure.
After all this? “This” somehow demonstrating that Brexit was a good idea? It’s a chaotic mess and it’s the fault of all the bullshitters who sold Brexit in the first place.
There are 2941 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 2941 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
brexit gundam
‘It isn't perfect, but it's all there is' - Theresa May starts campaign to win Brexit deal
Britain has: 1. Voted for #Brexit 2. Given notice it will Brexit 3. Agreed what will happen while it discusses Brexit What it has not done, and is not about to happen any time soon, is any actual Brexiting.
Theresa May made that wish on one helluva monkey's paw.
. has delivered a major blow to on #Brexit
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
‘Meaningful’
BREXIT LIVE: Britain faces 'SURRENDER to EU' - May warned deal will NEVER get through
Brexit is 2953 hours away. #brexit
Nails the Appeaser to the EU perfectly #MayMustGo
Is #Brexit a bad idea?
Nowhere -
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Re rise of populism, Brexit and Trump was about populism and nationalism, Trump is a US nationalist and English nationalists voted Brexit. I think right wing populism exists in England, e.g. the success of Farage and UKIP, but not so much in Scotland as he was chased home.
May's Black Friday #Brexit Deal not a hit with Trump's Cyber Monday offer.
US Pres. Trump: #Brexit agreement as it stands means UK may not be able to trade with US
Seriously cool stuff! #Stopbrexit #PeoplesVote #KeepUsIn #BrexitBreakers #UK #FBPE
Regrettably they won’t unless regulation requires it. With Brexit it becomes the Wild West as commercial interests overtake those of the people who need protection from rogue manufacturers.
boorish brexit
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
This is a truly bizarre tweet that just popped up on my timeline.
I had a weird reaction to the diazepam as its effects were wearing off so wanted to check possible side effects. I think we have found the cause of all the world's problems. #brexit #trump #ClimateChange
For Whom the Bell Tolls – The House of Commons is set to vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal amidst unprecedented ...
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
Electricity cut off, due to Brexit.
He's 100% right about this.
New post (Pound US dollar exchange rate: GBP holds up after Brexit agreement) has been published on Right Now News -
Strange, isn't it. The only party looking after the UK as a whole, , is the party whose remit is for a Scotland independent of the UK
Will MPs vote for Brexit deal?
In Thursday’s , I talk to a BBC journalist about what is happening. There is a real sense of shame.
You’re right, my apologies I missed read it on the train as “No Brexit”. I have been asking for No Deal problems that have no solutions but so far not one has materialised, can you think of any?
There goes the one big advantage of Brexit promoted by Liam Fox
Well that's a very funny one ! As pro figure of the leave side, he SHOULD have at least be PM or Brexit minister but no, the day after the vote he prefered to step aside and let others do the dirty job for him... He's a terrible human being for putting you Brits in this mess
Boom do it Pete.
Leave campaigners 'lied' that Brexit would make Britain richer, Macron says #Metro (
May I remind you that those who negotiated this deal were both ardent remainers. Robbins, in fact, an EU federalist. Please do not rap this up as a Brexit deal or you will be like May nothing better than a charlatan.
"I am looking ahead to December 11... when this House will be faced with the decision as to whether or not it wishes to deliver on the vote of the British people" – Theresa May
FCA to supervise UK trade repositories after #Brexit, from Louisa Chender in -
… so this raises the question - what has changed between that survey and the new ’survey’? Have IoD members seen the way that Brexit is turning out in reality and suddenly decided “You know what, this is looking brilliant, I’ve changed my mind - go for it Theresa!” ?...
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Trump is right? never has a tweet started so badly.. #Theweasel and #StormyDon deserve each other.. and that nice Tommy Robinson chap..
I think people expected too much from brexit. After all it’s a divorce no one wins in the short the long run We will be ok though.
"Vote Remain - unless you want to be talking about sodding Brexit for the next 20 years."
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - Art And Craft Paint Your Own Wooden Bird House
Nicola Sturgeon lives inside Simon Johnson's head
Great this is fine for the small proportion of women who can go to Harley Street for annual mammograms and have their own gynaecologist what about everyone else who relies on the NHS and you can bet your bottom dollar that menopause will be way down for funding post Brexit !!!
Post-Brexit Fitness
INFH UXEYX 261118230021
#ThePatriot (2000) “If you mean by ‘Patriot,’ am I angry about taxation without representation,yes,I am. If you're asking me am I willing to go to war,the answer is no! Well then we try again and again, if necessary, to avoid a war” Interesting reflection in the light of #Brexit
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Can you hand on heart say that are providing decent opposition re Brexit?
Even would not be dumb enough to vote for this deal#revokeArticle50
Don’t remember seeing that written on the side of a bus. #Brexit
Went wrong by calling the feking referendum in the first place!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Putin is right. Putin paid for Brexit. Thief Trump was only assistant. And you received money from Putin, criminal felon. Your place together with Tramp is by prison. #impeachtrumps #Resist
Where are the Tory or indeed any other MPs? Reality....Brexit is more important than anything else including
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
You have drunk the kool-aid and lost your mind. Trump, Bannon et al are dangerous (incompetent) fascists and people like you promoting them is appalling.
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
Oh look another journalist who can't see the hypocrisy of Labour refusing to devolve powers but then demand they're mitigated.
We were told by both sides Leave means out if: 1. EU 2. SM (membership) 3. CU 4. ECJ On 24th June 2016 the remain side invented soft and hard brexit along with Leavers didn't know what they were voting for. End of
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
You lot are a disgrace, you’ve voted for Anne again? Jesus wept. It’s all you sadistic cretins who secretly voted for Brexit too, I bet. #ImACeleb
More threats and they wonder why we want a proper brexit
Anne to do the trial. This is Brexit all over again. I'm calling for a ban on all public voting. #ImACeleb
Brexit closes off your global opportunities.
Let's face it, even Wittgenstein would struggle to explain the DUP's role in RHI and Brexit. Probably best to adopt the SFIRA approach and simply deny that the historical record, facts or evidence exist at all whilst proclaiming that only they can interpret 'received truths'.
Eurosceptic Tory MPs Will End Up With ‘Soft Brexit’ If They Oppose Theresa May’s Plans, Ministers To Warn
Tonight on #AmanpourPBS: and weigh in on #Brexit; discusses racial and political fault lines in the Deep South; and CEO talks about spreading the tech wealth.
Ideal for neoliberals &amp; bankers that UK Citizens become subdued as slaves, like they are in poor third world countries - May's #Brexit deal is giving full control of UK Citizens to neoliberals in exchange for abdicating sovereignty to Bankers via BIS &amp; 27 EU states ./.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Still time to call , ask about that good deal he had ready for her to use? Should come back, stand against Teresa + Boris? England not so jolly these days... until Little Englanders come back...
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate [ ]
None of the no-deal Brexiteers will pay a penny unless Brexit is withdrawn and the pound goes through the roof, then they're fukt.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
. says 's Brexit agreement 'sounds like a great deal' for the EU - but may hinder UK-US trade
"Scotland, in a few months, is about to leave the EU and 60% of people in Scotland voted against that happening. And yet, we’re not empowered to control it."
Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as "great for the EU"
What are your views? "This Is What The Government Should Be Focusing On Instead Of Brexit:" #BrexitChaos #mentalhealth #opinionswelcome
If the #Brexit telly debate is just May &amp; Corbyn, it'll just be about "forriners" &amp; "Palestine". Probably EU won't even get mentioned...
And there is not a peep on tv news yet. Eh! . Talk about withholding vital information. #Brexit #indyref2
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Ben, please the Front Bench need to change tack yesterday over Brexit. People who would always vote Labour like myself can't until the Front Bench change tack. It's a shambles. So much talent that is being ignored.
C4 News: May – defends the Brexit deal
fact:
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
EU summit backs #Brexit withdrawal declaration - World Socialist Web Site
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Typical #Brexit remoaner - most people aren’t fortunate enough to go on a school exchange. They are so far removed from the ordinary people who voted for a different and better future in 2016 by voting to Leave.
No way! ANY and EVERY BREXIT is harmful. Let's Remain, but REALLY press for root and branch reform of the EU, away from the neo-liberal model, towards a social model, as implied in the Social Chapter.
We like her but not the deal
Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit #alstonreport #austerity #ukhousing #homeless #poverty #endroughsleeping #periodpoverty #foodpoverty
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Can we give up the #brexit now please? It’s boring tiresome and sounds expensive
Eurosceptic Tory MPs Will End Up With ‘Soft Brexit’ If They Oppose Theresa May’s Plans, Ministers To Warn ...
Brexit isn’t evidence of xenophobia. It’s evidence of self-hatred. Brits love nothing more than to bemoan Britishness.
Please, please, PLEASE can we just stop now. As a UK citizen living in London &amp; born in Gibraltar, I feel doubly angry, double wounded and doubly worried. I can’t stand the lies the PM and others spout trying to tell us life will be better. It won’t. Here’s proof #PeoplesVote
Anyone know when they are publishing the economic analysis of the three deals and remain? (If they haven't already) #brexit
The cabinate have argued and bickered wasting months on in fighting! They have all let the united kingdom down! They are a national disgrace! We never asked for a deal, was never told about one and it wasnt on the ballot paper. #brexit has highlighted the dictatorship we live in
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
About time too, time for us leavers to stand up for Brexit. I can’t wait for this
Is this headed by Robbins?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Why haven’t you signed this?
Works if you delete the word "deal" as well
Incompetence or design. Either way it is unacceptable.
Yes for 2 yrs it was strong and stable government now come together for my deal which delivers. People see right through and know she's lying. New tactic needed.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Donald Trump in typical bellicose fashion of propagating faze information abs fostering chaos claims Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' - BBC News US
George Osborne’s family wallpaper firm blames Brexit for loss
Politicians like just don’t understand that the electorate chose sovereignty over economic forecasts in 2016... Just do our bidding &amp; stop trying to confine Brexit.
IT'S BEGINNING TO LOOK A LOT LIKE NO BREXIT... #Christmas #Brexit
Corbyn wants a hard brexit are you dumb ?
E.g in secret. Cunt.
Theresa May makes SECRET DEAL with EU to keep UK in customs union after Brexit
This is true. Sad but very true. If only we had a remainer as leader of the opposition.
Would you buy a chlorinated chicken from this man?
Do you think they will do a #Brexit test next week? #babies
Apparently has recommented on the #brexit negotiations.
Of course many equipment and software vendors in our industry are US based.
Two Brexiteer Brexit Secretaries ran away though
He's nothing like Kate Hoey ... I don't think you'd catch him cosying up to Farage on a boat or doing a happy jig in Parliament when Brexit votes go well...
One day left to tell us how prepared your business is for Brexit - deal or no-deal - in the latest Doncaster Business Insight Survey: Our collective business voice will be used to influence Government. Business Doncaster
No Leaver ever talks this way or talks compromise. Remain is always reasonable, why don’t our MPs have the stomach for the fight?
This discredited yellow ape should not have opened his mouth again. You can't win by losing : May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
I suspect its because her hubby (and others in her party) have already financially committed to hard brexit and they stand to lose a fortune if they cant pull it off
He wants a hard Brexit - He makes demands on the sensitive fishing issue that he knows will rile the Brits and harden attitudes to May’s deal ...
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
The Betrayal of #India: A Close Look at the 2008 #Mumbai Terror Attacks #Trump #MAGA #UKIP #Brexit #Infowars #TommyRobinson #Kissinger #Rothschild #Netanyahu #UniversityChallenge #MarsLanding #Bollywood #BollywoodNews
Apart from go fuck yourselves Labour! We’ll repay you any time the ballot boxes open. You are NO OPPOSITION.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump - US president’s intervention is likely to weaken May’s hand when she is seeking to get deal approved by parliamentDonald Trump has delivered a weighty blow to Theresa May’s hopes of steering her Brexit deal t...
Simon Coveney says Brexit deal can be sold persuasively over two-and-a-half weeks
May: ‘My Brexit’s better than your Brexit’. Corbyn: ‘No, my Brexit’s better than yours.’ A score draw. Brexit 1-1 Brexit. Both total losers.
#London stocks rise as oil prices rebound, #Brexit deal confirmed - MarketWatch
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Even Laura Kuenssberg can't bring herself to propagate the govt's Brexit lies anymore!
If the UK gets WTO (Real Brexit + out of all EU Bodies) then UK success will ensure the collapse of the EU Commission Rulers and allow the repatriation of Sovereignty &amp; Democracy to each country. Be warned Socialism &amp; Fascism are two sides of the same coin.
What argument? The first sentence was a statement of fact, so wasn't in any way debatable. The second was a question.
May’s deliberately conflated immigration control (which we always had) with freedom of movement, and people don’t realise also applies to them. Want to retire in Spain? Bad luck.
But they do think that if they repeat these lies long enough
Nobody should be suprised she wasn't even voted in.
OMIGOD what pathetic wankers are the BBC, how much did that crap cost the licence payer? emblematic of the complete farce that is #brexit, the and both 'main' political parties, which seem to represent no one but themselves...
Britain needed a Lion to roar, but all we got was a meek spineless Brussels poodle instead - #TheresaMay. #MayMustGoNow #WTOBrexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal #Brexit #Juncker #EU #Labour #FBPE #UKIP #ChuckMay #WTO #Anglosphere #Remoaners #Mogg #ToriesAreToast #Trump
Society is broken if all we think about is who can we trade with most. Life isn't about who can get the most money. We love our children but don't respect the teachers. We care for our sick but overwork the nurses. #Brexit #oneworld
Poor old Gina does not understand that #MagicGrandpa aims to turn our country into a laboratory for one of the most extreme leftwing experiments we have witnessed since the 1930s &amp; needs #brexit to do it.
But divided - some are pro-deal &amp; some still hope it will all end in a vote against Brexit.
How will Brexit affect businesses? 12 things you need to know | #SageAdvice
BBC "We interviewed 100's of people to get their views on Theresa May's Brexit...... .......and here's the person we chose to show on TV"
Amazing first day at pairing scheme : gained insight into new enquiries from select committees, how to pass a bill, discussed impact, data sharing, post brexit collaborations and much more! (Also about FACS not FAX machine) #SciWestminster18 now bedtime!
are you going to carry out your constituents wishes and enable brexit by voting against 's capitulation to the EU or are you going to do the dishonorable thing and abstain?
never been unity in britain for a long time, just ask the Celtic Nations, give englanders their independence, they voted for brexit, dont drag our nation into their nationalism,
This Brexit deal is the best available via
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
You started it! Yes, any reduction in GDP is bad news, of course it is. Whether it happens is a different question (don't forget economists have forecast 13 of the last four recessions). But I'm sick of all the bollocks written on brexit by hard remainers AND hard leavers.
The latest The Suzie Perlstein Daily! #tnyarchive #brexit
All Trump knows about brexit is that it pleases his boss Putin.
Full hard English Brexit? Seriously, have you forgotten its UK being dragged into this? Oh that's right, Scotland, Ireland and Wales don't count? I'm so sick of this!!!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
She’s still not apologising
Theresa May needs Parliament’s support for her Brexit deal. The math isn’t in her favor.
This is well worth listening to. I’d love to see a debate on #Brexit &amp; the #EU between &amp; - or have I already missed it?
It is interesting to compare the UUP (which much of the media calls "moderate") with the TUV, re: being more hardline than the DUP in opposition to Irish language legislation, frequency of non-sequiturs about the IRA, etc.
Bored with Brexit? How patronising, Mrs May
Put that on a big vomit coloured bus! Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Her government never had any ideas about anything whatsoever.
Bored Of Banging On About Brexit? That's just what Theresa May is banking on CORRECT THEY DRAG OUT WHAT CAN BE DONE I WEEKS AND A FEW MONTHS TO YEARS OF LONG PROCESS WHICH IS NOTHING WEARING ALL OUT TO GAIN THEIR AGENDA WELL GODS IS ETERNAL
BREXIT BETRAYAL - GREAT DEAL FOR EU WEAK ’s FAKE #Brexit GREAT deal for #EU but which will stop #UK trade with #USA, says . PRESIDENT’S remarks further weaken May as she seeks Parliament's consent #StandUp4Brexit #AxeMay
Never before can a British PM have lied so much, and for so long. She’s still trotting out the Brexit NHS ‘dividend’, even today.
Jesus Brexit has infiltrated every part of my life
Theresa May told she should debate Tony Blair not Jeremy Corbyn to win MPs over to her Brexit vision
I didn’t vote for Brexit I VOTED TO LEAVE THE EU stuff your Brexit deal just do what we voted for
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
No Brexit does.
Pete May's #Brexit deal ...
#Brexit builds up a Berlin type wall around Britain.... It's a wall which keeps out culture, economic exchange &amp; imprisons British people. Similar walls are being built around the who will also become landlocked in their country of residence. #BrexitDeal.
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via
While I gazed the fissure rapidly widened...There was a long tumultuous shouting sound like the voice of a thousand remainers ...and the deep dank tarn closed sullenly over the fragments of the House of Brexit.
One thing is certain: millions of workers in the UK didn’t vote to have less protection at work. And this is what May’s Brexit deal is offering them. Indeed. #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow
If there is a debate on Brexit between Thresea May and Jeremy Corbyn, who should speak for Remain and a #PeoplesVote? Please RT for bigger sample. #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Mr Trump said that he wanted the Prime Minister to “do something” about the agreement to ensure the UK can trade with the US more freely. The 51st State....?
The government should have had Nigel Farage on the Brexit team.
So Now the Russians Are Behind Brexit? via
“Leaving EU will hurt us, whatever terms of divorce.. I have witnessed first hand the tremendous value of EU membership to scientists, doctors and patients” #PeoplesVote As A Cancer Researcher, Brexit Makes Me Fearful For Our Future Health | HuffPost UK
Brexit deal is bad for trade between UK and US, Donald Trump says
If Parliament approves #BREXIT, then #Russia and #Trump have won. That will be the beginning of the end of #NATO, the #EU, and America's influence in the world. Brexit : quels scénarios en cas de rejet de l’accord par le Parlement britannique ?
She is a professional liar . Lying is second nature to her. Duplicitous unscrupulous self serving hypocrite and aspiring dictator. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #PeoplesVoteNow
“No deal” Brexit: UK Government publishes details on draft regulations amending FSMA | by
I’m up for Brexit if the price of Remaining is these assorted weirdos having any sort of role in public.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
That is don’t happen as I don’t see any deal that benefits my children, I am sorted for life and Brexit does not affect me personally, I am duel nationality so can move to EU, but I feel a PV should happen as deal becomes clear, I would respect that decision...
Just goes to show how bent these bastards are. OUT MEANS OUT.
David - you are not listening. Voting down Mays ‘Remain’ Deal is not the end of Brexit. May has never offered Brexit. When ‘Remain’ is voted down on 11th Dec we will finally default to Leave on 29 March.
Brexit: Trump says May’s deal ‘more difficult’ for US-UK trade
No you hop its a no deal no Brexit because you know no time the UK wasn't in the EU
To believe that, don’t you have to admit that we’re Norman? And then there’s the Dutch William and Mary, the German house of Hanover… Looks like Marr should learn some history!
The Brexit Withdrawal deal vote on December 11 will surely be May's day to resign. I would say she will announce that she's resigning just after her humiliation in the commons. What a glorious day it shall be! Brexit will be saved and May will be going.
BBC News - Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
That remains to be seen, but what we do know is that the UK has not prepared for a no deal scenario, and shocks/factors far smaller than a no deal brexit have pushed the UK into recession in the past.
WE EXPECT NOTHING LESS FROM THE REMAINER HAMMOND AND CREW !!! The publication by the Treasury of its forecasts of the economic impact of Theresa May's Brexit deal, versus no-deal and...
Ingrid from Sweden. She won’t be welcome after #Brexit
Of course they are. Hasn't Brexit taught you nothing? People are divided 50/50 on everything. 50% want Anne to do the trial. 50% don't want her to do the trial
Last parliament and previous prime-minister. Plonker that he is. All this is about that t**t trying to shut the right wing Tories. So this country has been dragged through the mill our currency and reputation trashed. I watched the whole of the debate. Give us our #PeoplesVote
Frazer would this be on the same level of abandonment that there fore fathers left there fellow unionists in the rest of Ulster and the other 3 provinces when NI was formed ? #Think32 #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
God every time I hear the word “brexit” I just want to put my fingers in my ears and sing loudly LALALALA ... I have tried to understand it all, truly I have ... but nobody understands it. Nobody!!
Who could possibly have been pouring this into his ears (given that the agreement has words on pages, and #45 absolutely hasn't read them)....
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe History may compare the handling of a defeated and depressed Russia in the 1990s to that of Germany after 1918
#DonaldTrump slams Theresa May's #Brexit plan as 'a great deal for the EU' and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Managed to sell a house no problem despite agent trying to drop price claiming BREXIT.
£9M spent by govt on a leaflet to promote ‘s deal? No, thanks. Back to sender with a little message on a bright yellow sticker.
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now is anybody surprised about the output of this shit?
Germany 4 #StandUp4Germany4
My MP is John Redwood, so there’s no need to check — he’ll be voting against:
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
BBC News - Brexit TV debate: Theresa May challenged to invite all parties
Why hasn't May negotiated a trade deal with the US, subject to Brexit? That would give her a stronger position with the EU, and at home.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May attacked from all sides over #Brexit deal
If you’re a Welder in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Chick this country went down the pan on brexit and all that was good for this country when southgate got the england job
Yes, Brexit is also like running a business and choosing not to work with your biggest customer before you’ve found other customers. Anyone with a gram of business sense knows what is coming soon if that is your strategy.
But she doesn’t deserve support David. She has reneged on Brexit &amp; reneged on Conservative manifesto. I could shake her for her intransigence!!
New episodes of The Thick of It.
I 'love' hearing Brexit fans say "Why are we paying anything, tell the EU to shove it". If it was France trying to leave, I'm bloody sure we'd be telling them to pay something. Likely waving garlic and white flags and calling them frog shaggers too.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
Was, have been, am still waiting, already done that and am speaking from post Brexit Britain.... DON'T DO IT!!!!
I'm not sure what #TheresaMay's calculation was with the #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement. Where did she think parliamentary support would come from? #UKPolitics
Brexit jargon buster: Key phrases for your business to understand | #SageAdvice
I think her only chance would have been a strong #Brexit stance in negotiations with the #EU, and thus holding her current parliamentary coalition together. But you need someone who actually believes in Brexit to do that, don't you. #TheresaMay #WithdrawalAgreement #ukpoli
aaahhhhhh ha ha ha ha ha that fraudulent Brexit 'referendum' is clearly disastrous for Britain. It weakens our global standing, undermines the economy, disrupts business &amp; will collapse the farming &amp; fishing industry. A higher % of Remainers want this Tory deal rejected
Trump can't get anything right. And your heads so far up his arse it's embarrassing you frogfaced old gimp
Works if you delete "this" and "deal" as well
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I like the sound of Piers Corbyn why isn’t he labour leader?
Influence of the Russian sort, wot what Saudis too, bet they wanted Brexit too, you lost you Wankers get used to it.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Saturday night TV, post Brexit
The issues in Britain and the US go to illegal political fundraising and whether Facebook was a willingly ignorant partner in the crimes. The whole legality of Brexit could be determined by the crimes committed by donations of analytics which used FB APIs.
No deal Brexit SHOCK: UK could 'run out of CLEAN drinking water' if Britain crashes out
May would spout platitudes, Corbyn would ramble on about ‘the people’s Brexit’ or similar rubbish. The others would soon go off topic. I’d rather hear a couple of historians or economists tbh
Tory Rebels Risking 'Soft Brexit' If They Vote Down May's Plan, Ministers To Warn
- seems sehr sluggish to me. #FBPE falling apart.
You Know Fuck All.
Which is why we should stay in the EU #StopBrexit
Must be down to #Brexit
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Believe Theresa May ? Is this the Brexit over 17 million voted for ?
The EU have us exactly where they want and it pisses me off
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now is anybody surprised about the output of this shit?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Quick question - would you be willing to sacrifice the GFA for Brexit?
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
thank you for your efforts as prime minister and I am grateful for your hard work and determination and persistence in delivering Brexit in spite of very daunting obstacles.
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
New post: London stocks rise as oil prices rebound, Brexit deal confirmed – M London stocks rise as oil pric
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I should hope so, after gave in to May's lust to get rid of freedom of movement for us all.
Just can’t help handing those punishment beatings out, me... #FBPE
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is ‘great deal for EU’
they will
As a #Labour part member, I'm with My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Article 50 was always bad. In fact #BREXIT will go down as the most catastrophic political self harm ever.
I find myself shouting 'Fuck off!' and 'Fuck you!' at volume at politicians on the telly, far, far more than I ever used to. This is what Brexit has done to me.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Ambiguous painting, what do you think they are discussing, hope it’s no Brexit!
It's true that Trump saying this is neither here nor there. It's also the case that he's speaking the truth in this instance. Perhaps confuses highlighting a fact with treating Trump as a source of truth. Clearly he's not.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate. A debate between 2 ‘place-filling’ leaders who behind the times when it comes to democracy and where the country is really up to. #PeoplesVoteNow
We can still make Brexit happen! It's not to late!
Brilliant reply by to Theresa May. She should be well and truly illumined now. via
Same as a Tory MEP who was a leading light of Brexit who openly stated his goal was losing his job. Because democracy and sovereignty was more important than his bank balance. I despise the Torys right now but there are exceptions and Dan Hannan is one of those.
It's post Brexit, UK won't be a part of Europe as by then the government will have pushed through plans for the UK to be classed as its own continent or something dumb like that.
No trade deal until trump is allowed to flood britain with cheap food and overpriced medicines. #brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
Even Trump is not for her deal. PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
EU tensions brew behind Brexit: Eight countries ganging up against Austria and Brussels
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Woods and Vokes are proper Brexit strikers managed by a Brexit manager.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Except for not actually Brexiting
Gives me hope. People can change their minds when presented with actual information. Worth trying with, e.g. immigration.
Any brexit is bad for us. Please oppose it.
Watch and listen! ‘We won get over it’ has morphed into ‘Bored with Brexit just get it done’ !
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Now there's a twist, hadn't thought of that one. He's right about being good for the EU though. France gets UK fishing grounds and Spain gets Gibraltar, who knows what else she gave away or promised to secure her botched deal. Oh forgot, everyone has free movement except UK
they've said it's the only deal possible.... given May's red lines. corbyn would have very different priorities and not be so vague as she has been.
I grow more suspicious each day that Theresa May is actually TRYING to set up Brexit to fail. Why else would she settle on a deal that offends practically everyone?
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
According to David the economy will shrink by 3.8 percent every year. By 2030 it will be just 67 percent of its current size and by 2060 it will be trace. Surely this savant should be heeded?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
EU leaders still hope for post-Brexit fishing access know what sturgeon is moaning about if she had her way Scotland would still be in the EU and she would have to give up the fishing right's
Hello Mr Mogg. Could you please explain in laymen’s terms the facilitated customs agreement and let me know the effect it has on post Brexit trade relationship or the “future framework” as the government describes it.
These ppl are in a complete bubble, if Labour had a half decent leader the Tory poll ratings would be in single figures. A bad Brexit - and this sure is it, with May at the helm - will see the Tories wiped from the electoral map for a generation.
Except that Brexit is a culmination of decades of failure of FPTP when there is plurality of opinion (along with centralisation of government, which FPTP may also encourage), and the last 2.5 years have shown how it is paralysed if a fault runs orthogonal to the party divide.
back of the queue it is then ... Liam Fox can’t be too happy right about now ...
Again, he’s not wrong.
I want an Exit from Brexit. If you do too, add your name and join the campaign today: #ExitFromBrexit via
I knew Bruce Dickinson was a dick.
May has lied to us. No deal is better than a bad deal. My butt. She has betrayed the british people. She was the worst candidate for fulfilling the Brexit decision cause she was a passionate remainer from the very beginning. Now is anybody surprised about the output of this shit?
The Brexit vote and Trump’s election were decided democratically. So why don’t they feel that way?
US Pres. Trump: Brexit agreement as it stands means UK may not be able to trade with US
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Even trump knows better ffs fuck off you hag
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Field “Vote Leave” candidates in every constituency. Run a left/right populist campaign committed to delivering Brexit, abolishing the House of Lords, building houses, jailing bankers &amp; a host of other stuff that gets people riled up. It would be insanely popular #BrexitDeal
Brexit expectations versus reality.... #Brexit #DitchTheDeal
PamyBot2:~$ #forex #fx #EA "US Pres. Trump: #Brexit agreement as it stands means UK may not be able to trade with US
Doubtful! no PM would survive the poison chalice of Brexit
Libtards be like
OPPOSE HER, MOM!!
The utter state of Sajid Javid Pathetic right wing nut job and loon who was too cowardly to campaign for brexit and peddles all the predictable tropes and deceits as he seeks to climb to party leader
Brexit Status Update. An Op-Ed for Fashion Roundtable
Actually, this is an example of a US President standing up for American interests. A US-UK free trade agreement is important for the United States. May's Brexit proposal kills a US-UK free trade deal.
Theresa May attacked from all sides over Brexit deal &lt; what does she expect? A disaster she has been ....
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
In reality, fuck the BBC
God forbid Brexit affects their lives.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Would you be willing to sacrifice the GFA for your version of Brexit?
We're going to be around £8billion worse off from a Brexit we rejected, so this nonsense is pitiful.
#Brexit Is it still only Monday?
Weirdly(?), this is a bad self-own by Trump. The withdrawal agreement’s backstop is a quite hard Brexit that minimises shares standards and phosanitary checks. It could have been good for US agribusiness. (Cc )
Tryna put da kids 2 bed an the yungest says he cannae sleep coz he had 2 many Stellas, imageen my face. Fury builds up in syd of me and I unleesh a powerfool brexit roundhouse strate in his jaw. No such thing as 2 many Stellas wot a lil poof. Any how the little shit is sleep now.
He he he. Sky news is all fucked off cos trump has stepped into the brexit fight.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
A lovely evening with exploring northern identity, devolution, the role of the arts and culture and, of course, Brexit. Thanks for your hospitality
BREXIT: I read that if the "MAY" deal if agreed by Parliament it will set the UK back 10 years &amp; into turmoil? If Parliament does NOT agree the "MAY" deal &amp; the UK BREXIT's without a deal. Does that mean it's better deal for the UK next March with no issues or problems?
Brexit deal is a depressing masterpiece of political theatre via
Theresa May thrown into chaos with more resignations expected - but not over Brexit
Possible; but Tory MPs will definitely lose their jobs if they support May’s deal. Ask the electorate- it will be very ugly for those who betray their constituents. Grassroots trust
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
A fun read filled with truth
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Wow something we agree on
Lets do it then.
Ripping the version of British Prime Minister Theresa May's BREXIT as the "worst deal in history," one of the original BREXIT architects says she has signed Britain up for "purgatory," Nigel Farage said on TV.
I do hope so. I’m labour through and through.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
#Remain allowed us to be equal with citizens of other 27 EU States, after May's #Brexit, we'll become vassals/slaves, like say citizens of Egypt having no say in how neoliberal policies affect them, &amp; are subdued by those policies into poverty &amp; despondency; that is our future.
Tells you pretty much all you need to know about Brexit. #torybrexitshambles
Oh No! Dehydrated Zombie Brexit via
Wish you would stand up against the economically and environmentally disgraceful CAP and CFP like you did in your 2005 manifesto on pg22... Was a Green Party member all my life until you came out against Brexit. You lost sight of your priorities.
Er irrespective of anyone’s view on #Brexit aren’t you going to point out this is not an annual figure?!
I hate brexit so much, I wish I could keep my EU passport at least! Why does Jeremy want to block a people's vote?
Raw Politics: May sells #Brexit deal, #Ukraine-#Russia and womens rights
I spoke in this debate to raise the number of RAF personnel leaving for more attractive careers in private sector and other labour MPs were there too, I suspect this photo was taken after I and others were attending Brexit briefing, but not true that no-one attended RAF debate.
I see has had a go:- Where are the rest of the journalists? Nowhere to be seen!
Nobody other than soft remainers want this deal. She lied to her party, she lied to her people. I totally she was negotiating behind the backs of ministers responsible for Brexit. Shameful
Just a thought, if May was an upright and honorable politician she would stand up in the HoC and admit that Brexit will be the biggest mistake the UK will make, and cancel it.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Most of the public are bored with brexit to be fair
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
That's the best news I've heard about Brexit.
When anyone asks me what I think about Brexit:
She could not but realise that she was allowing herself to be swept along towards a future that was impenetrably wrapped in a haze of speculation. (Or Brexit as Heyer might have described it...)
No. Not cruel. She is now dealing with the consequences of her own behaviour. So many things now coming back to bite her. If she had anything about her she would own up and offer to revoke article 50 or a #PeoplesVote
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
It's official...........no country outside the EU has drinking water.
She will find out how bored we were of Brexit if she gets this deal passed Parliament
Meet “Project Vote,” The Crack Team Set Up To Save Theresa May’s Brexit
Great, now explain how Brexit will benifit you? Can't? Tell your leader.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
And if we needed any further evidence that this man is a hypocrite...
Have you said this other cliche then??? ‘The brexit talks rumble on’.....
It's in the terms and conditions of the Brexit Agreement.
There you go, just as I was saying, Farage’s words in Trump’s ear.
Maite, I kant waite four brexit butt I rekon wen that appens wee got anutha problematic probleem, the EU countres R gunna attak Brittain so wee mus fite pollice n fite on tha beeches
Dr Seuss: What's that THING you've made out of my EU Harmonisation? Look, Lorax, I said. There's no cause for alarm. I revoked just one law. I am doing no harm. I'm being quite useful. This thing is a Brexit. A Brexit's a Fine-Something-That-All-People-Need #LiteraryBrexit
Watching the news... seems like we're coming up for the mid-season finale of #Brexit
When you’re asked to read out your homework but you haven’t done it.
People are bored with Brexit (bless), but the quickest way to get it out of the way would be via a referendum on the deal and a vote to Remain - May's proposal will bring us years of acrimonious negotiation. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
So it seems Brexit's a bit fucked. Who could see that coming?
Brexit deal: Tories days are NUMBERED – IDS accuses May of 'breaking agreed position'
Apparently I’m too negative &amp; hostile towards Brexit supporters. So, to all of the Brexiteers out there, if my tweets have ever offended you in any way, from the bottom of my heart, I humbly apologise. I honestly didn’t think any of you could read.
Everyone blames May for the mess but noone in UK can come up with a better plan. Brexit was a bad idea to begin with. The only 2 real options are no-deal brexit or new referendum. Anything-else will always be a huge compromise for UK.
BREXIT: I read that if the "MAY" deal if agreed by Parliament it will set the UK back 10 years &amp; into turmoil? If Parliament does NOT agree the "MAY" deal &amp; the UK BREXIT's without a deal. Does that mean it's a better deal for the UK next March with no issues or problems?
I don't see why #Brexit has to be the big dramatic doing everyone seems to make out. Britain leave Continue to trade freely with EU Make their own way in the world again. It's not as if they've no idea how to do that. Yes there will be some bends in the road but all G en fin.
Why do you so often take the side of a foreign power against the UK?
You gave us Brexit. We give you this.
You gave us Brexit. We give you this.
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Sodding ignorance of our own history &amp; its emotional drivers. The English are 48 years shy of having been ruled by anybody but the English for a 1,000 years. Myth of Robin Hood on we’ve felt outcast in our own land. #Brexit is just the latest biting of the hand we feel feeds us.
Oh no! Where will I get my chlorinated chicken and homone-induced beef from?
wonder when Trump took the time to read the UK-EU BREXIT deal ...
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Will The Donald save Brexit ? #Trump2020
#Brexit #BrexitChaos long story _ but farmers in New Zealand very very anxious about brexit #PeoplesVote
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade - via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Amen to that
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Please tell me , that you are planning to vote NO to May’s brexit deal?!
Farage’s SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
If one point has been thoroughly demonstrated now, since 2016, it is that holding this referendum, in this way, has had disastrous consequences. The “that’s not MY #brexit” problem, the huge division and the political paralysis that it has created. [3/9]
Well said Pops!
Im more worried about running out guiness and baileys than water if u want to scare monger
All of the other speakers made arguments that were 100% political. And it is an understanding of the logic of democracy that allowed us to predict (the day after the referendum) that the contradictions within #Brexit would not be sustainable. [6/9]
of course paul maynard is for the deal
Theresa May's Brexit deal 'would cost Britain £100bn a year by 2030' UK STOP GIVING YOUR POWER AWAY HARD BREXIT SHOCK EU AND GET ON WITH IT UNDER GOD
during the Brazilian election i noticed even the fakenews there is saying the exact same things we hear about Trump and Brexit racists . . . racist facists , racist bigot fascists . . . its global bullshit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Ok i know its all very serious but i cant help but be amused by all this #Brexit lunacy. Pass the popcorn the next act will be starting soon. I hope there are clowns!!
US: May's #Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says #Trump
Genuinely feel sorry for Theresa May but find her resilience, determination and leadership admirable #brexit
PM's #Brexit deal 'great' for #EU but not UK-US trade, Donald #Trump says
See. We need someone like Trump who can't be bought &amp; loves &amp; puts his country first. But no...... We got someone who's taken a backhander &amp; only as their interests at heart. #Brexshit #TheGreatBrexitBetrayal
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Call them what you like but every single one is Europe minus minus minus!
Not since Caligula has an empire been infected by a more immoral and ignorant man than Trump ! Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as "great for the EU"
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade.
Eight Eurosceptic reasons why we should support Theresa May's Brexit agreement it's William Hague
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
she's flogging a dead horse! She'll be making a case now for Cornyn and the other nutters. People won't forget she's &amp; cons messed up brexit and everyone let her! Who's is she trying to please, us the British public or Europe!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
is this not the opening synopsis of Soap? " Confused? you will be after this week's episode of Brexit!"
Brexit TURMOIL: Ministers RETREAT from May's Chequers plan in cabinet DIVIDE
You signed up to this as Brexit Secretary. You're just phoning it in now.
If only Trump believed in #ClimateChange as much as he believes in #Brexit...
Listening to a Brexit talk radio show this morning with a colleague who said , will it be that bad if we leave without a deal, I thought where have you been for the last two years have you not been paying any attention since the vote? He glazed over when I mentioned WTO tariffs!
Corbyn slams May for 'ploughing on' with Brexit in 'act of national self-harm'
I am not the establishment. I pay tax, I work 60 HRs per week on average. My kids will have to. I don’t want them locked in the post Brexit serfdom for the non entitled. I want them to be able to better themselves, wherever that maybe. EU is accessible, US/CH/HK/SG/UAE less so.
Jeez, always knew she was a weak woman but this is just pathetic. #BrexitBetrayal
I didn't see that coming. Off to get some t-shirts printed. Forget Brexit this needs sorting out #FreeSally
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Nigel Casey,the British High Commissioner to South Africa, has reassured that them that they are working hard to ensure there is no disruption in trade between Southern Africa and the United Kingdom after Brexit.
Evening Standard comment: Can Mrs May back into a new Brexit consensus?
Just under a £1 per crucial voter! #PeoplesVote #FBPE
Do not assume the UK will avoid a no-deal Brexit via
A desperate ploy by a desperate PM who Knows her BREXIT Plan is dead in the water... Even her nut job fake pal Trump has said its a ridiculous plan &amp; now she is losing the chance of any deal with him...
bring the House down
I don’t think you get it, Gina. Corbyn needs Brexit because his UK socialist utopia fantasy is blocked by the EU. The EU would prevent mass state seizures, mass nationalisation and state subsidies.
This is being reported as significant. But remember, he is an idiot that is too dumb to realise how dumb he is, and knows little about anything.
I suggest we build another one of those Mars rockets and send the architects of this clusterf*ck up there. They'd get a spaceton of sovereignty and could use all the bullsh*t they produce to grow potatoes in. It would literally be less expensive and less complicated than Brexit.
'Bored with Brexit? Then please take the time to write to your MP and tell them in no uncertain terms just how bored you are.'
Even don't understand
The EU don't do deals. WTO ONLY!!!!! #BREXIT
"its twin weapons are apathy &amp; fear. Vote for this deal &amp; we need never discuss Brexit again; vote it down and we will run out of water and die. This mix of cynicism and hysteria suggests we are being sold a flawed deal by people who never really understood what Brexit was abt"
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Why the delay on the vote. This deal of May's is a non starter. Peoples vote now and end this madness. We know what Westminster thinks of Scotland so after Brexit is halted, time to press on with Indy2.
How will Brexit affect businesses? 12 things you need to know | #SageAdvice
We are in the middle of a grand “play” by establishment Remainers. They see the only way to deliver Remain as being via Leaving (democracy!). But they CANNOT risk a successful Brexit, so they play into the hands of the EU ready for a hoped-for 2nd vote. Very, very dangerous.
Its not cruel, what else can you do when the person in question had her blinkers on and her La-La fingers firmly lodged in her shell like. All this demonstrates rather graphically is that she doesn't know how to negotiate. You don't give Brexit negotiations to a remainer to sort.
Brexiteer MPs havent got rid of May yet because once the Chequers plan gets voted down then we revert to a No deal Brexit without any hassle. If she then tries to implement a 2nd ref then she will be dumped If the plan is backed by MPs the DUP withdraw their support &amp; its GE time
Reads fake #animalfarm #Labour is in talks to defy the #democratic vote of the #British #Electorate who voted quite clearly #leave #labourleave #lexit #DealOrNoDeal #brexit
For me, the way that the Brexit vote was won was wrong &amp; the way that vote has been interpreted is wrong. It could have been different. There were compromises possible. But no longer. As we all know, the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Precisely.
The Prime Minister got the EU to back her plans for Brexit. But back in Westminster, MPs on all sides of the House of Commons have said they will vote against it. So why do they say they can’t they support...
Of course, problem with this for Corbyn is that seeming to acquiescing to Brexit would massively antagonise Lab remain voters. But would they desert to LDs en masse if GE was few months away?
I respectfully request you to vote against the Brexit deal. It is not in the best interests of our country and a #PeoplesVoteNow is imperative now that the impact of Brexit is clearer
No; what we had was a plate full of healthy food. What the idiot #brexit children wanted was a plate full of sugar, what we are being offered now is one solitary broccoli stem and screaming idiot #brexit children. What they deserve is starvation.
Awful - another reason more people should have voted remain #brexit #AnimalWelfare
British Parliament To Vote On Brexit Deal On December 11: Theresa May
A no win situation for Britain now then. If this deal goes through our worldwide trade will be hit, if labour gets their squirmy asses into parliament no way does President Trump deal with Corbyn. We need boris to save the day #Brexit #Trump
That's pretty irresponsible language. How can a second referendum, a democratic vote now that we've seen the results of two years of Brexit negotiations, possibly be akin to a coup?
No more discussions made myself clear I want a proper Brexit nothing less. Goodnight.
And what are these "legal obligations " ? Brexit now.
Hi - please vote against TM's deal. The govt's legal advice shows we can revoke article 50 and avoid the risks of Brexit.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
British Parliament To Vote On Brexit Deal On December 11: Theresa May || || || #Latest Stories
She was speaking after Ivan Rogers resigned after suggesting Brexit could take ten years.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says. . Fuck off I say! You were all for it months ago! Fucking knob head!
Let your MP know s/he has the power to stop brexit
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Brexit: Committee holds evidence hearings on food and drink, aerospace, and pharma sectors - News from Parliament - UK Parliament via
If she’s going to apologise for all the things she should not have said, it’ll be a long list. But this betrays what she really thinks; a middle class xenophobe Brexit: Theresa May regrets EU 'queue-jumpers' comment - BBC News
I'm waiting for the story where City get blamed for the Brexit debacle, they will find a link, I'm sure of it lol
Labour playing part politics in waiting game over second Brexit referendum, instead of consideting the national interest.
I reckon the people who are voting for Anne to do a trail are the same people who voted brexit. #imacelebrity2018
And what she has done to over 3 million women is cruel. Pension theft. No sympathy from .Reaping and sowing I'm afraid.
Worst. Superhero. Ever.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
me @ brexit
Finally an upside to the Brexit omnishambles.... thanks anyway Trumpy, but you can keep your chlorinated chicken!
Donald Trump: Theresa May's Brexit deal could harm UK trade with US
#isitok trump says the brexit deal is great for everyone except the UK???
New Evidence Linking Bannon Mercer To Brexit Prompts Call For 'Mueller-style' probe in UK
Look at these numbers..?
Theresa May told she should debate Tony Blair not Jeremy Corbyn to win MPs over to her Brexit vision
Indeed it is simple. All they need is guts and a conscience to act on. Party politics should have no part in anything to do with Brexit.
THERE IS NO BREXIT SCAM FRAUD UKCOLUMN FRID 23 NOV UKCOLUMN UTTER TREASON TRAITORS 2 QUEEN COUNTRY 4 1 SUPERFED NO DEBATE WAR HEROES DUMPED AXED BENEFITS HOMELESS NO GREATER EVIL CHEWED UP SPAT OUT LIKE TOXIC WASTE 2 DIE HOMELES ALONE WMD AGAIN WW3 INTENT
IS THAT BENNY FROM LUTHER !?
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
A brilliant, but worrying article by . These people should be in jail.
Trump on the Brexit deal: "Sounds like a great deal for the EU"
Trump says he’s not sure about May’s Brexit deal, as we may not be able to trade with America. I’m just after buying a Martin guitar in Glasgow. Sounds like a good way to trade with USA is to stay in Europe then.
In addition to the above, Brexit will remove our workers' rights. Brexit will make it harder for women in the workplace. Brexit will mean women will be the main carers of elderly parents and relatives. Brexit will dash the hopes of young girls and women everywhere in the UK.
For what purpose? They both want Brexit
Eurosceptic Tory MPs will end up with ‘soft Brexit’ if they oppose Theresa May’s plans, ministers to warn
50,000! Wow, sounds like Iran is the place to make money. Let's all move to Iran and leave the Brexit mess behind. (Only kidding)
Angela Merkel and Macron are irrelevant. They have been marginalized by the triumvirate (Xi-Putin-Trump) #Brexit #Italyxit #EmmanuelKafkaEUcastle
Prediction - Brexit will not happen
PLS SIGN THIS IF YOU WANT TO SAY YOU DID EVERYTHING IN YOUR POWER TO STOP BREXIT &gt; May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Clean Brexit all the way but remain friends with our European Neighbours. Leave them to it.
Theresa May urged to find Brexit 'plan B' by MPs who warn her deal will not pass the Commons
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News are we sure this gingerbreadman understands May’s deal? And I think it’s a great endorsement of the deal. Whatever he says, the opposite is true
guy at the end definitely voted for brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Crucial the main Remain parties are included: LibDems, Greens, SNP, Plaid Cymru, they are the ones that have been battling from the start.
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
You listening ?
Everyone blames May for the mess but noone can come up with a better plan. Brexit was a bad idea to begin with. The only 2 real options are no-deal brexit or new referendum. Anything-else will always be a huge compromise for UK. That was always the case.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Of course it does. Nothing to do with the fact that one of its principals has 6 other jobs. . .
Im imagining a life where one day I’ll turn on the tele, I’ll open a paper and I’ll go onto the Internet without seeing or hearing the word Brexit.
Lammy, Adonis, AC Grayling on one side. Farage, Rees-Mogg, BoJo on the other. As my profile states, I'm opposed to political extremes. My brexit preference would be for an EEA/EFTA solution. Unfortunately it crosses May's red lines, but is getting traction with, e.g. Nick Boles.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
There is no longer any appetite for Brexit as the lies have been exposed and the government shown itself to be incompetent and MPs too weak to act in the country's best interest - i.e. scrap Brext.
There's a reason May hid from a debate with Corbyn throughout the whole of the last election campaign. She can't provide a response past rehearsed soundbites. Giving persuasive, relevant answers to questions/arguments just isn't something she is capable of. No question who'd win
If were ‘the true opposition’ they’d be opposing. They aren’t opposing. Corbyn has been AWOL for the most part on Brexit whilst has been at the forefront. And like Caroline has pointed out, she does it on a tiny budget compared to Labour’s.
Who's idea was this #Brexit?.. As that Theresa May has made a right pigs ear of it.
Some people have suggested that ’s attitude toward towards Britain may based on his part-German heritage and ancestral dislike of the British Empire.
Most UK people never voted for ANY kind of Brexit in 2016. Stop this madness!
***sniggers***
Truly desperate stuff from Hague
He wants them in NAFTA but he wanted to offer them a harsh deal after a hard brexit. UK decided to stick with the EU rather than risk what the USA might offer.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I’m just sad about #Brexit now for all folks stuck in the UK. Think of the resources wasted just to get them to this awful deal and the austerity beyond its enactment. Where is the good in it?
we didn’t vote for a deal. We leave voters want NO DEAL. Out completely, NO compromises. #Brexit #Resign #OutMeansOut
Date set for Theresa May’s Brexit showdown with hostile parliament
Nicola Sturgeon jumping the gun on fishing in the Brexit deal exposes her party's ludicrous policy it's Alan Cochrane
#President #Trump, “#BREXIT deal could mean #UK cannot #trade with #US”: President Trump…
‘Do what you’re told! Or the hard soft No Brexit gets it!’
Why a TV leaders debate on the Brexit deal isn't going to happen
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I'm pretty sure that I have been targetted by 3 such attacks recently. As soon as I mention Putin or RT and how I would not wish his police state on anyone, they're off! Gone. They are certainly active at the moment - and I am pretty sure they were involved before Brexit.
Brexit: Trump says May’s deal ‘more difficult’ for US-UK trade
Will MPs vote for Brexit deal?
... is dangerously out of step with the facts and the electorate. #PeoplesVote
It's the conference position &amp; there aren't any more Remain votes for Labour to hoover up, both Libs &amp; Greens are rock bottom. And Remainers who voted Tory, voted for a hard brexit party, so won't be wooed a hard Remain party. And can't ignore third of Lab vote are Leave voters
I'm starting to think there should be a second Scottish ref, I'm worried because I know the 55% of the NO voters didn't know what they were voting for. I also seen a couple of memes put online by Putin to influence us. What do people think? #indyref2 #BrexitDeal #brexit
We are not getting brexit so how will we know what it was going to be? Instead this will be remembered as the worst prime minister ever who gave this country away
Rumble can be applied to many talks
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Actually, I think PM May's comment might more realistically be that she will fight for this deal with all her political ambition… Heart has nothing to do with it. Clearly, neither do brains.
At least Trump didn't pay towards a no deal Brexit . The Russians bought and paid for it
Theresa May told her Brexit deal is 'dead as a dodo' by own MPs as she confirms date of vote to Commons
SNP don’t do self-awareness do they? 1. SNP declare Brexit deal will betray Scottish fishermen 2. SNP wish to stay/rejoin EU, thereby sacrificing Scottish fishermen at altar of Common Fisheries Policy (CFP). 3. To muddy waters further, a Yes vote in 2014 wud mean out of EU
There's no "must" about it. The debate concerns the respective positions of the only two leaders in a position to deliver Brexit. It's not a PR opportunity for a regional political party with the same old axe to grind.
Just saying:
I think that’s just Brexit propaganda - remember her hat !
At what stage did the politicians of the UK lose there backbone??!! Cromwell, Churchill and co. must be turning in their graves.. #Brexit
Some people have suggested that ’s attitude toward towards Britain may be based on his part-German heritage and ancestral dislike of the British Empire.
Making trade between UK and US more difficult sounds like a preferable option #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
Labour could vote against the Tories on 100 minor issues and abstain on just 1 critical one to undermine your argument. Even Labour mp is unimpressed with the party position on Brexit....as are others.
Twitter is suppressing this poll - please vote and please RT.
BREXIT CRISIS: Polling expert says public opinion ‘strongly AGAINST Mrs May’ on ALL SIDES
THERESA MAY TRAITOR TO BRITAIN : 'We feared it would not be possible': EU grimly satisfied as Brexit plan pays off via
Heard on the Street: Brexit spells a similar fate for cross-border banking whatever happens next, but local lenders would be hit hard by economic disruption via
EU COMMUNISTS DON'T DO TRADE: Trump spot on AGAIN &amp; Not for the first time...
How can we drink tap water if taps won’t be imported into the UK?
That's the mp who was sitting - covering her mouth to hide her yawns during the Brexit debate .
Oh dear...and it was all going so.....
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade
as chamberlain, would be a better comparison. I really don’t know what’s worse, her total sell out of Brexit and UK interests! Or knowing their is little honour among most MPs. I’m ashamed of the party! You are betraying 408 Leave voting constituencies
News International: Hillary Clinton Says Europe Must ‘Get a Handle’ on Migration to Thwart Populism; A Brexit Compromise Nobody Likes: What Could Be More English?; Specter of Meddling by Beijing Looms Over Taiwan’s Elections Via
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
2/2 who ever takes on the roll of pm defo doesn’t want it pre Brexit, if they take it afterwards they already have a ready excuse and can pass the blame.. I think the PM should be more a figurehead role now the real politics should be run by people who have real life experience
Very hard to support her, I can't recall one influential voice say her "deal" is a good deal, quite frankly I am dumbfounded at the way she has behaved unless her intention is to destroy Brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Typical Brexit Brit. Always wanting to go back to the war years. Times have changed! Why do we always have to be different from other Europeans? (We didn’t win the war anyway. The Americans won it for us.)
The Donald astutely puts his finger on the best aspects of May's dead-in-the-water deal.
Brexit news: Margaret Thatcher speech 'turned Britain against EU in 1988' | UK | News |
So Now the Russians Are Behind Brexit?
Chlorinated chickens off luv…. #brexithaos
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is the ‘worst deal in history’: Nigel Farage via
Amazing that you think Brexit can only be stopped in these particular places, but I’m delighted for them.
Then doubles down by saying that they don’t contribute.
So all buses post brexit?
lol I'm loving how a bunch of ultra right-wing tory psychos are gonna sabotage #Brexit by opposing May and demanding No Deal :P
Donald Trump: Theresa May's Brexit deal could harm UK trade with US. It’s Not Brexit As We Know IT!
Reality Check: Theresa May's Brexit letter -
You were the bloody Brexit Secretary for 2 years. Are you this stupid or are you lying ?
then your judgement is piss poor. There are zero benefits to brexit, the people should be given the final say on any deal
Popped into my local for a pint this afternoon &amp; had really uplifting conversation with the barman. He knows I am #YES his comment "I have spoken to a lot of No voters who are now #YES not simply because of #Brexit but because of the way Scotland has been treated" Wow!
Historic ‘meaningful vote’ on historic #Brexit deal set for December 11
The difference is that May doesn't believe in Brexit but is pretending she does, and Corbyn does believe in it and is pretending he doesn't.
You're so ruined, your pre-planned scheme with the EU unleashed with last minute false gestures and posturing. Even Trump is slating you! What a joke!! #timeforchange #takebackwhatisrightfullyours #classwar #brexit
You taking a leaf out of your brother and talking about Brexit?
Is Brexit dead yet?
But Brexit?
Only because of the Unionist vote split over 3 Principal parties which aggregate a total akin to the Constitutional 60/40 Remain in/Leave the UK respective support #SNP18 #Brexit
“The special relationship”
"We have already been laying the groundwork for an ambitious agreement with the US through our joint working groups, which have met five times so far." Translation: "We have repeatedly promised to sell the NHS to the US" #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #Trump #TheresaMay #NHS
My own Brexit housing dataset ;) House prices from land registry, migration from ONS.
Yes ladies and gentlemen, if we leave the undemocratic, beurocrats in Brussels we will run out of drinking water and die of dehydration. This is the state of the #LosersVote lobby
Ok what’s next? #BrexitShambles #brexit
brexit has us so fucked
And that’s how it should be! #Brexitisnottheonlyissue
He is one of them then if she wins a no-confidence vote before the Brexit vote in parliament we are fucked vote it down she is immediate toast
Brexit-stemming Brits parlement gepland op 11 december via #verhuizen
Everyone blames May for the mess but noone can come up with a better plan. Brexit was a bad idea to begin with. The only 2 real options are no-deal brexit or new referendum. Anything-else will always be a huge compromise for UK.
Watching the BBC Ten O'Clock News and wondering how this country can possibly be united regarding Brexit!
The latest The Introspect! Thanks to #brexit #newsmatch
What will the country talk about once brexit and PPI is over...
Special relationships are just the best.
Are you really that sure, who made a killing shorting against the £ ? #Brexit
More #brexit
and this:
At least that's not as boring as Brexit, BOB
If you represented the UK how would you have conducted the Brexit negotiations? Turns out politicians have no idea about deal making, negotiation or business. We are going to pay the EU 39 Billion so we can talk about a deal.
Stop This, Britain #PeoplesVoteNow
© Reuters. Date Set for Theresa May’s Brexit Showdown With Hostile Parliament (Bloomberg) -- U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will put her Brexit deal to Parliament...
Any suggestion that the impending downfall of May and Bonkers Brexit is due to bad timing is absurd. Both will fail due to being stuud and damaging to Britain's interests.
No deal Brexit SHOCK: UK could 'run out of CLEAN drinking water' if Britain crashes out More remainer lies i see!!!!.
No Brexit is the best deal.
Don't disagree, Angus, I'm just surprised to note that for me, at least, the difference of opinion over Brexit seems more bitter and profound, and more difficult to overcome.
Date Set for Theresa May’s Brexit Showdown With Hostile Parliament
As is Owen Jones. I've tweeted him that if Gus the veteran who's just come off a hunger strike to raise awareness of #PTSD can make it, will be attending. This is a Brexit March why would they encourage SUTR groups. They had their pro EU march No one tried to scupper it. Typical!
The EU have repeatedly said that they'd only extend #Article50 for some major democratic development such as a or General Election. The #Labour leadership are nothing less than a shambles. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE
How come the MSM is not acknowledging that if Labour had not forced the Tory government's hand, this disaster of a Brexit deal would be law already. It was Jeremey Corbyn who forced the meaningful vote on the deal which save the UK from this crap. #BrexitDeal
Everyone knows this - how she can continue is bizarre
It comes across as a suggestion, and it’s an understandable reaction to this Brexit shambles that May has got us into. Not a criticism, but just feel worth mentioning.
Brexit metaphor alert: It will probably have those enormously annoying transitions as well... #PeoplesVote
Femi all the way.
That’s the worst reading of the Brexit result I’ve ever read. You’re miles off.
Watching deliver the news in such a dichotomy.... appear externally on side with the government as his bosses at demand yet knowing full well inside he understands how Brexit and the government has obliterated and ruined his home town.
Who’s whining “it’s not the real Brexit” Maybe it’s time you looked in the mirror? Let me hold it for you. There you go. Say Brexit....
Grassroots anti-Brexit groups urge EU to keep door open for no Brexit
The same she refused to condemn is calling her out yet again. She will be humiliated out of office and rightfully so.
I though so. #Think32 #Brexit
“The other EU countries have signed the deal immediately, because they know that they have us exactly where they want us.“
17 And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. KJV Revelation 13:17
My 10 year olds Brexit joke: If May was a Pokemon she would be a Voltorb. She only knows "self destruct".
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat -
These Brexit MPs on the news are very League of Gentlemen
5 men, 2 women to kick off the mans show yet again tonight. #TonightVMT
A Tory just called the 500+ page brexit deal document a #surrenderdocument
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller | Opinion | The Guardian
Can you please tell me why you are not reporting on the recent UN report into poverty. is it not just as important as Brexit.
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds
UK Column News - 16th March 2018 #Russia #poison #Salisbury #brexit #Southern #Pettibone #fascism
knocks on yet another door and gains support for her brexit deal....
Blind leading the blind into a blind brexit will you please vote against?
Brexit doesn't change Irish &amp; British citizens' rights in either country; like the Common Travel Area they'll just continue after the UK leaves the EU. As such, the demand for services is expected &amp; factored in whilst arguably for other sources of immigration it isn't
The only withdrawal deal the eu is concerned with is the one where it hurts as you lift your self up off the chair you where forcibly held over!! #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #Leave
Can't see that this deal is not delivering on the outcome of the referendum! Brexit is to be separate from the EU! This deal must not be passed in parliament! Leave without and deal and Britain will survive, and survive well!
Hope these treacherous fools are there on the 9th December. Would love to shove their Eu flags up their arse
Will return with Bollocks to Brexit across
Wewl done Tewesa May on a gweat gweat Bwexit deel... #Brexit
TM obsessed with "setting out clearly". Yet she has never managed to be clear on anything (except her zealous anti-immigration stance). The only thing that is clear is that this deal is awful and a no deal Brexit would be a catastrophe.
What has hit U. S. Trade is Trump. So now he’s going to blame it on Brexit.
That’s not such a bad thing, US standards are shit PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
On Saturday, Sky News decide to lighten its Brexit coverage with a human-interest report about a 9 year-old girl who'd made a cupcake with Theresa May's face on it because her dad said May had had a tough week. I kid you not. PS The girl had a foreign (European-sounding) name.
It’s not about people “being thick”. 17.4 million people did *not* vote for a WTO Brexit. Any claim they did is pure BS. We were told we’d be better off, not have a recession while we transformed our economy
Love it!
This is going to upset a lot of Brexiteers
Euro slips as Draghi notes slowing growth -
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
Thanks Linda. 5 is still my sporty go to place but for chats about menopause, Brexit and everything in between, come to
Any of the dwindling number of Labour supporters (at least that follow me) care to defend this latest undemocratic Corbyn manoeuvre?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
A Prime Minister who says the deal is "the best deal Britain will get", is low energy, low aspirational PM, who lacks confidence in Britain and its people. Resign. #MayMustGo #Brexit
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
THERESA MAYS "AUSTERE-BREXIT" DEAL APPARITION SEEN ON WESTMINSTER CAMERA
Can The Donald save Brexit ? #Trump2020
May begins intensive campaign to sell Brexit deal at home
The reasons you sing as being the good points are why many/most/all pro-brexiters are against it.
And Corbyn probably 3500 hours.
How is Boris Johnson allowed in the house of commons and how can he criticise any Brexit deal when he led voters down a rabbit hole
I agree. But I’d say they’d lose two generations
Or how about NO FUCKING BREXIT full stop!!
OMG the 'master at work" what is he master in? showing up and interfering with broadcasting of all sorts of news nothing to do with BRAY needing £ in his donation pot which is reliant on exposure like this The CULT of BRAY or just UK where bullies get applauded and paid
So voting for Brexit will make things better fuckin idiots
Item 3 is the biggest mistake of all. If May had silenced the pro-EU camp in cabinet and made serious noises about a hard brexit the EU would have taken UK negotiators a lot more seriously. It's negotiating 101 - always let the other side know you're prepared to walk away.
This is the exact reason why centrism is so finished.. their Poster Boy Is Still Tony Blair the most divisive figure in British politics.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump: US president’s intervention is likely to weaken May’s hand when she is seeking to get deal approved by parliament Donald Trump has delivered a weighty blow to Theresa May’s hopes of…
Deal won’t get voted leaving us the hard Brexit
And guess what..they don't give a shit! UN report? Blanked 120000 deaths blanked but hey! Let's talk about bloody Brexit!
Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public
? What a manipulative cunt you are? Apologies, too much courvoisier for a benefit claimant. Grovel, grovel, grovel #Aspergers twat from #HELL x P.s. How much allowance for a lunch #£340.00?
Prime minister, I just don't see this "brighter future " you predict. Lower economic growth, lower tax receipts, higher unemployment, lower EU frictionless trade and higher inflation. This is no basis for optimism! #Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
So if Parliament says no to the #Brexit deal. What happens next? Is it no deal to leave or no deal we stay? #BBCNews
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat Obviously - that's the nature of our trade deficit
So, what to do? Well, here’s a solution that could work (if you will forgive ending one thread with a link to another one?) [9/9]
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Brexit news: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal | Politics | News |
BREXIT CRISIS: Labour's Kate Hoey fears huge 'Brexit CONSPIRACY is TRUE'
Yes ladies and gentlemen, if we leave the undemocratic, beurocrats in Brussels we will run out of drinking water and die of dehydration. This is the state of the #LosersVote lobby
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump #NEWS
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! Join in . One click and RT.
If Jeremy Corbyn wants to particpate in a TV debate about domestic policies, cancel it as we are not interested in his wet waffling and it is not aimed to be a general election propaganda session. If he wants to discuss or prosecute Brexit OK, if not forget it.
Trump is right, Rees-Mogg is right, Boris Johnson is right. Who else was right, Nige? Hitler? Idi Amin?
She’s a clever woman is Nicola. Will wait for precisely the right moment then will go for independence again
Government admits it could try to halt Brexit if MPs want to
The forces for NO DEAL are rallying We are not calves #2dy
Give ruined Brexit. I’ll never forgive him for giving us this odious excuse for a PM
Remainers will never forgive or forget anyone who facilitates a destructive Brexit, which Theresa May's deal undoubtedly is. £100bn cost, no benefit.
Duh! Because Scotland voted to be part of the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom voted LEAVE! #Brexit #Brexitforever #EUgameover
Never voted Green before, will be doing so next GE if there's a candidate in my area. Only party that has stuck to their principles on Brexit from the very beginning
I’m bored with this Brexit series now. They need some new scriptwriters! The ratings are really poor as well!
Trouble is, I no longer trust Theresa May or any MP that supports her. Neither do I believe anything she now says. She deceitfully indulges in economy of information, word play. The Draft WA is not Brexit but instead is designed to cripple and disempower the UK.
When this buffoon says it's bad surely we have to listen #BrexitShambles
Just appalling. Really despicable you have no shame and you should be ashamed for being unwilling to call out this racist Brexit for what it is - racism. #QueueJumper
This isn't up to him. It's up to the broadcaster. If he refuses to take part, he and Labour lose out, no one else. He would be a fool to insist on this. Broadcasters have to be balanced so can't have just Labour vs Tory. #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Can't be put clearer than that well done #SinnFéinAbú
Theresa May told her Brexit deal is 'dead as a dodo' by own MPs as she confirms date of vote to… #News #Politics
Everyone seems to be assuming DT has actually read the 585 pages of dense legalese. Doubtful. With or without DT's support, #Brexit remains a stupid idea in any form. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
NI firms 'cannot cope with no-deal Brexit' - BBC News: NI firms 'cannot cope with no-deal Brexit… #News #Politics
I don’t think there is any problem with the concept of subsidiarity as defined by Pius XI: “It is a grave evil and disturbance of right order to assign to a greater and higher association what lesser and subordinate organizations can do." That could even be pro-Brexit!
good I'm glad the Brexit is going through as it means you can't buy the NHS. get fucked
Hope you talked about voting this horrible Brexit deal down seeing all your Conservative people voted to remain
George Freeman, MP (who?) dragged out to defend May’s #Brexit ‘deal’ on . Where are all her cabinet members? #hiding
Apparently Trump has now said that under the current #Brexit proposal, he won't do trade with the UK .... maybe its not such a bad plan after all LOL
#BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles if the deal is so good, why did two, not one but TWO Brexit secretaries resign? Consider that for a minute.
Don´t we just love #PresidentTrump . Will he get the #Brexit the British people want by just saying a few words ?
This is the sort of propaganda we expect from state TV channels. Trump actually said Mays Brexit proposals means UK may NOT be able to trade with USA. No one said "makes trade more difficult".
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
May's #Brexit will lead to our marginalisation, and our resources will just be used to subjugate us, not work for us, as we are handing them all to the neoliberals bankers. It will even allow the EU to use force to bring us to heel if we renege, like they do to 3rd world country.
Just happy that my voting for once got the result I wanted #brexit #anne #theywillstarve
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade - Trump
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-U.K. trade via
I heard this morning that sunlight will have to be rationed after #Brexit. Apparently all our sunlight is imported from Spain and Italy so after #Brexit we'll not be able to have sunny days any more. I clearly didn't know what I was voting for. #StandUp4Brexit
I’m afraid Hague is losing it. He offers eight rag-tag &amp; specious reasons why he thinks eurosceptics might support May’s deal. Wholly unconvincing — if it does anything, it will convince Brexiteers they are right.
Jennistar "we are Great Britain"? Get a life! We'll certainly become "LITTLE England"! A backward looking bankrupt nation at the edge of huge market without unfettered access to! This is the real price of Brexit promoted by the likes of yourself!
sir please take me and my family into the Usa I fear for our lives after brexit as no money for nothing, I want immigration rights into USA please help us, Tony Liverpool
You realy believe that Sam wait till some of them have to face the electorate again and get a slap for their wastage the cracks will soon appear when they get fed up defending Arlene
Deep State Daily: Macron to Respond to Grievances of Yellow Vest Protestors; EU Approves Brexit deal; Russia Seizes Three Ukrainian Naval Ships; New Data Shows China’s Economic Growth Slowing; Tensions Flare at the US-Mexico Border. #deepstateradio
Nice showing allegiance to something other than yourself? Into the jungle next year Mr P? Lots of unemployment due with that BREXIT - should filter to your constituency by 2045? You will be in Orlando by then?
We are in the middle of a grand “play” by establishment Remainers. They see only way to deliver Remain as being via leaving (democracy!). But they CAN’T risk successful Brexit, so they play into EU hands “temporarily”, anticipating vote 2 before 2023. Very, very dangerous.
If Brexit means an Obi-Wan Kenobi film directed by George Lucas we should pull out with a Fat-Hard-No-Deal, attach rocket thrusters along the south coast and career into Greenland to prove a point.
(Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public) Did previous generations who lived in historic times find history to be so aggressively punctuated with formal statements? When... -
Shame
By the sounds of it, Ronald McDonald could of negotiated a better #Brexit deal!
Could Brexit be the downfall of all the major parties and see the rise of the independent candidate.
I read/listen to Brexit stuff/politics every day John. I'm pretty well-informed (better than some politicians....) I did see you yesterday (I think) but you were talking to someone in the foyer area.
So is that what you would have on the 2nd ref ballot papers? Remain or no deal? And would it be whichever got over 50%? And would you accept a no deal brexit this time?
France 4.. I'm not sure this has been properly field tested.. I also used a school field trip, exchanges weren't common when I was a kid &amp; I'm not convinced they are now.
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
Mirror twins from Pro Brexit Labour MP Brexit &amp; Broken Britain #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw Lies win referendums &amp; thats the bottom line 24th June 2016 UK lost more than a reforundum it lost its sense of British community &amp; tolerance Show due diligence in public office now
what the hell are you playing at??!! You stressed many times you’d do a trade deal with United Kingdom after Brexit and now you say you won’t??!! We are your greatest ally and now you appear to be selling us down the river??? You’re unbelievable.
A complete and utter lie. The peoples vote is a fantasy fabrication. Why? Because a peoples vote to Brexit took place in 2016. Lucas is MP for the Gay capital of the UK. Brussels is the gay capital of Europe now. Southern Ireland is the leading gay country and we all know why.
THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
IIRC, they entered the Common Market, which they are chastised if they even say those words now -- and that was true 20 years ago too. #Brexit has been brewing a long time. Even some of the remainers are glad they did not go to the Euro.
What on Earth is Michael #Gove up to, backing Theresa May so strongly? It was only a few years ago, before she became PM, that the 2 of them loathed one another. Both got their aides to brief the press against one another. #Brexit
Brexit was not Democratic- binary referendum s never are
Trumped #Brexit
Brexit: Is Theresa May winning the Commons vote really impossible? BBC News -
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I try not to watch the news these days, but having seen a couple of different channels the last couple of days, is it just me or does anyone else think the newsreaders are just mocking TM and Brexit now?
Brexit is hilarious, I could imagine it as a sketch show
If you, , want to know how voters *really* feel about this right-wing Brexit (now in 2018, not 2016) then just support a #peoplesVote &amp; let ppl decide on the reality. No MP should help UKIP achieve its aims. #EU #Remain
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit: Trump says May’s deal ‘more difficult’ for US-UK trade
Nissan issue a statement every qtr to tokyo share exchange. They are adapting to reuirements needs and forsee no problem. Since brexit vote uk car industry has actualy slightly grown in uk. Germany 20000 less in work.
What time is Shinzo Abe's tweet?
I voted leave, I'm not sure what they want. To have a say on the deal? To overturn Brexit completely? I'm sure it was said that if the deal the EU gave us was shifty we'd leave without one. If there was a vote to choose between this deal or no deal I'd be ok with doing that.
You and your friend and collaborator can always seek #asylum in #Russia. #Trump and can follow. #CambridgeAnalytica #emails #Hacking #Putin #brexit #TrumpRussia #UKIP
If the woman is to thick headed to see it for what it is.. The message needs to be hammered home !
The conservatives who don’t want brexit plan, should vote no confidence in her to have any chance of another stab at a #brexit deal before she lets it go to parliament and gets a kicking
No. Conference passed a composite on this issue two months ago, and the facts in the ground haven't changed since then.
brexit is fucking this country sideways
Considering Lib Dems have been far more consistent in voting against Brexit policies than Labour this is a strange conclusion to reach I'd say...
So, if Brexit means we will run out of clean drinking water, does that mean we will be drinking our own piss?
Does Theresa May Trust the EU too much over Brexit?! via . It’s got nothing to do with trust, she’s in the ruination of The United Kingdom with the corrupt EU.
Ozzy Osbourne Admits He Doesn't Know What Brexit Is: 'Is It A Big Deal?' -
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
MPs are not celebrities They are elected to deliver the will of the people. #Brexit Deal fails to deliver the #Brexit we voted for Please sign and retweet this petition as widely as possible #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #ImACeleb
BREXIT LATEST: Britain faces 'SURRENDER to EU' - May warned deal will NEVER get through | Politics | News |
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I’m going to be really interested to see who on the anti brexit side now chooses to use Trumps views as endorsement of their case, given that pretty much all of them (fairly) probably think he’s a dangerous idiot at the very least.
If you get past brexit the new is very interesting tonight.
Just get rid of her #hopeless
Of course it would look very different if Labour's 'not supporting the deal' is expressed through abstention rather than voting against. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVoteNow
The PM rightly cites that #brexit is the will of people. Why is she bothering to travel the country over the next two weeks to sell the deal, when it's only MPs who will vote on it?
Theresa May is tying our hands behind our backs and securely to the EU. Unless she's stopped she'll have done more damage to this country than any previous prime minister in recent history. Enough is enough.
Post Brexit £50 will be the price of loo roll. This will make life much simpler when considering what to wipe with #thatcher
UK humanitarian crisis already in place thanks to austerity. It will worsen as Tory scum use cover of Brexit to steal everything else and dismantle society just like Trump's wrecking crew.
Don't think it was biggest single issue, if it were why all this fuss about the withdrawal agreement, May has really misunderstood the main brexit motivations
#Trump on #Brexit agreement: ‘Sounds like a great deal for the #EU’
Mom says it isn`t worth replying to Therry`s letter cos it was written by a little grey slug living under an old bog roll at the bottom of May`s garden. Can`t be true, can it ??? #Brexit #BrexitDeal
It is a brilliant letter. Well worth reading.
Thanks for speaking out against a second vote, not having a second vote is critical in ensuring we got May’s Brexit deal limiting the extent to which we are leaving. Almost as if you knew we wouldn’t really leave if we didn’t get a second vote... ;)
But not good for Uk
On Brexit: I don’t think I can say this loudly or frequently enough - VOTE LEAVE BROKE ELECTORAL LAW AND THEREFORE THE RESULT SHOULD BE NULL &amp; FUCKING VOID, otherwise we are just at the mercy of those with deep pockets &amp; they already have enough influence. #PeoplesBrexit
Well said !
So our biggest potential trade partner after Brexit the USA has said they may no longer be able to do a tradr deal with us. We need a people's vote NOW #peoplesvote
OK. But are you really sure he thought it through like that? (NOT a rhetorical q)
Notions of not surrendering to anyone from #brexit Tory with picture of a WW2 Lancaster bomber in the the background.
Yes, indeed. You are quite right.
So austerity is *not* the cause of Brexit? #NotWhatWeHear
“One over France” sounds like a Brexit deal that might command more support tbh
BREAKING: Trump states following BREXIT there will be no trade deal with U.K. and USA. #whoknew
No. Conference passed a composite on this issue two months ago, and the facts on the ground haven't changed since then.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
I know it goes against the democracy, but I’m happy to forget about #Brexit if you are. I never voted to leave anyway.
Just read this brexit malarkey is costing us £100b by 2030. I honestly thought it’d be more, not as bad as first feared. Imagine that.
Once we're out we can safely leave the details to the technocrats, we know that something like Canada ++, should be available. Two years to enable the reunification of Ireland will also solve their border problem.
BREXIT CRISIS: Labour's Kate Hoey fears huge 'Brexit CONSPIRACY is TRUE' - Express We know
Whilst #Brexit distracts.. in the meantime &amp; co.. #ToriesTreatPeopleWithIndignity #UniversalCredit #IDanielBlake
Spot on. But I’d go further and say HAS to get that election. A people’s vote under Labour Is fine to placate members but under the Tories is pointless. Sadly, There will be some Red Tories who could purposely not vote this government down and they need to lose the whip
RE: #Brexit, America and anti-immigrant sentiment - I'm a socialist AND an internationalist. Ideally, we have no borders. Unfortunately, the EU hasn't stopped the rise of the far-right and anti-immigrant rhetoric. Border forces &amp; increased trafficking. Is that good for migrants?
Wow! This really is a brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter - is going viral via
The BBC built a tower to keep Steve Bray out of shot. It didn't work.
You won’t get your Brexit bonus now?
and I bet no one's properly planned for a hard brexit other than a bit of stock piling ECT. Nothing to help business and economics structures ECT.
What exactly did the UK vote for in terms of brexit... did the public actually agree to a deal or did the majority just agree to leave #BrexitDeal #BBCNews
If I was a political betting man I'd be more inclined to back #JuliaLangdon 's savvy than probably any other pundit. So no pressure then. #Brexit #Politico
treason has implored trump to back her brexit deal,,,he has just said i think we need to look again at whether the UK can actually trade with the USA now,,it sounds like a great deal for the EU, ...always a silver lining
How can an MP, who hasn’t met me, spoken to me, communicated with me in any way shape or form, state on TV that the Brexit deal on offer isn’t what I agree with #brexit
If really regretted racism and dog-whistle xenophobia she would have apologised. As it is the hypocritical fascist compounds her offence. I found the IRA assault on the Tories abhorrent. I’m not sure that I could muster outrage on that level tomorrow.
Meet “Project Vote,” The Crack Team Set Up To Save Theresa May’s Brexit - BuzzFeed UK
The guy who pretty much 'wrote the book' on #brexit is telling us this is not good. We should probably listen to him, right?
This wasn't in the grid. Where is the PM of Japan now, eh? Someone in Number 10 needs to deploy Mark Littlewood (barf) now, before it all falls apart.
Not if the US don’t want us !
Omg I agree with #Trump
The #NewsAtTen headlines on ITV. Talk about over-stimulation. Mind blown. About half a dozen news items. All thought-provoking. #Brexit #NASA #ClimateChange
May's WA is so bad.
Wow what an amazing unhelpful suggestion
Both of them keen to avoid a REAL debate of course. Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 -
Activists demand UK environment watchdog in Brexit trade deal
What the hell is all this brexit stuff?? Actually feel like our whole future as a country is going to go to shit n no one knows what the fuck is going on
Narrator: Actually, Donnie has no clue what any of this means.
Does Labour genuinely have a plan for their brexit strategy?
can you explain why Trump is getting involved with Brexit. America isn’t within the EU!
Look! Your an absolute LIAR! Come an debate with me in Stoke please I ask you. This is one of the #Brexit capitals. You know what, people want L&amp;R! Also you hate love affair with the EDL. You would be ashamed how they work with eachother here!
Theresa May couldn’t negotiate a maze on the back of a kids menu let alone a brexit deal
May is about to use a recession-era tactic to push through her Brexit deal – and wreck the Tories' economic credibility in the process - The Independent
Ukraine 1/x Sounds okay, all things considered
1) unicorns 2) jam 3) ties 4) pigs ears 5) holding all the cards 6) easiest in history 7) make it up as you go along 8) United the country against her deal.
There can not be and should not be a 2nd #Brexit vote I'm all for a public vote of the deal she got or no deal but under no circumstances should there be another vote on in or out.
He was the first to say "No deal is better than a bad deal". Brexit would of been over and done with by now if Don was dealing with it. And we would all be WINNING too. #MAGA
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I think these days the same would apply to Corbyn, especially as he generally refuses to even acknowledge #brexit
Brexit will hit Scottish tax revenue by £2bn
I hope you all vote against this betrayal, it is not brexit in any way
We are deeply sad
Low wages, low wage growth, lowest pensions in Europe and in-work poverty with low benefits. This is reality for many in Brexit Britain. An independent Scotland within the EU would have a much better future than one ruled by BrexitBritain
Simply mind-blowing, once again. This is what humanity is capable of. And yet all we deal with and hear about on a daily basis are hate, Brexit, Trump and, poverty, war and homelessness. It's 2018, 'we' landed this craft on Mars. Mars! Can we take that as our standard please?
Considering the second referendum question constantly holds a majority backing in nearly all polls, then of course there should. #Brexit
Stooges.
Sorry, but true! #Remain
My letter to Gina Miller: My Nation is threatened - back the People's Vote of June 2016. #Hypocrite
You are so, so wrong about a second referendum. A second vote from a much better informed electorate will boot brexit into the bin. But hey, let's ignore the 87% of the public that want one. How to stay in opposition![ I see your Dad taught you nothing!]
Was it a strategic error, whilst parliament fails to bring about Brexit, for UKIP to take on such a divisive figure in any capacity?
Batten: "Tommy Robinson is on our side in regards to #Brexit" via
Oh look, la-la land is here again.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I see the have airbrushed the SNP from the House of Commons on the 10 o’clock news. Every other party quoted. #brexit #bbcbias #Indyref2
Significant. “... [N]ewly released papers suggest it is a lack of political will rather than any legal barrier that is preventing a bid [revoking Artilce 50].”
May’s Brexit Deal – Random Public Journal
Not that i being an fanboy but this book did teach me in the early days of of the bad boy post #brexit about the the complexities &amp; facades of where Britain is placed political &amp; economically. Brexit is like a stolen kidney in a human body
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
Trump wants his word on Brexit. I don’t agree with it but the majority of this country voted something and our government are making arrangements. A majority of the US want Gun Control and he and his government go silent. So here’s an idea: sort out your own fucking problems.
I’d like to hear Private Frazer’s view on Brexit. Can’t imagine what he might say.....
These are our colleagues and our friends. And they’re leaving in droves because they no longer feel welcome.
Cable represents LibDems + Sturgeon is First Minister of Scotland, representing SNP. Perhaps Plaid Cymru + Greens should be represented as they both have MPs as well. To reduce debate to just May + Corbyn is to continue to exclude voters, as Brexit has done all along + is wrong.
Theresa May attacked from all sides over Brexit deal - Sky News
So all this fuzz over Brexit is just for what some 100 crooks in the venezuelan gov't would steal on any summer day?
True. Brexit now.
Troops have your say...confirm we are not calves to the slaughter
Bin Brexit...Solidarity is Strength
Trump says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade
...those with long-standing delusions about what Brexit would mean have been forced to swallow a dose of reality. The Economist | The truth about no deal
I was in it!
Brexit question, how can politicians say this is not what we voted for, as I recall the question was do you want to leave Europe?, yes or no, no details were provided, so now that we have this deal to leave we have to accept &amp; get on with it
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
When the deal is so shit you can threaten rebels with improving the deal if they don't vote for it.
#MAYDAY ! Will we have a #mayxit before we have a #brexit ?
Get on with it? No one is fooled by May's call for unity. She is divisive and dangerous. From "go home" vans to "citizens of nowhere" to homelessness, poverty and austerity, May cares nothing for unity. Bin her deal to unite the country. #PeoplesVote
With friends like Donald the Trump,who needs enemies. Thank goodness for our "special" relationship. If I were Mrs May, I'd tell everybody where to stick #Brexit and go for a nice long walk with Philip.
Two thirds of the way there - let’s get it funded ASAP so the work can start. Please donate and/or RT
Brexit: UK PM May Told Business Leaders She Was Acutely Aware Of Their Concerns And Hopes Brexit Deal Provides Reassurance And Certainty - Statement
“This is not the Brexit deal the public voted for!” When did we vote for it? It certainly had no details of a deal on the referendum ballot paper. Rank, political hypocrisy masquerading as plausible argument! And yet a ‘people’s vote’ is unpalatable to the very same Brexiteers!
As EFTA and EEA come back on the #Brexit agenda, here's a flashback from my stamp collection - commemorating Britain's membership - issued on 20 Feb 1967. 9d and 1/6 (roughly 3p and 7p in new money).
No need brexit is happing and no stopping it now
Why #DonaldTrump thinks the #Brexit deal is no good for US-UK trade
May was working secretly with Robbins to stop Brexit and it is the way the corrupt EU work,everything done in secret,a done deal without the people knowing until it's too late. May should resign or be ousted,get rid of this big liar,it's what the people want and ASAP.
'EUROPE IS FRAGILE!’ Emmanuel Macron warns Brussels on BRINK due to Brexit NO DUE TO NWO TREASON AND EVIL AGENDA TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
May’s Brexit deal quietly gambles with our rights at work | Jason Moyer-Lee | Opinion | The Guardian
A brilliant letter. Will hé reply I wonder?
With his record-breaking dismal approval ratings and #Mueller in the wings, plus the 116th Congress getting ready to take the gavel, hopefully #Trump will be toast before any US/UK Trade deal can even get off the ground. #DonVoyage #Brexit
THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
Judging by Trump’s track record of decisions and opinions I’d say this is probably one of the best arguments for Remain going
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs. Its indefensible, It’s Not Brexit, it’s an EU Straightjacket!
‘HUGE gamble’ Tory Michael Fallon challenges May in Commons over Brexit deal
It's not MINORTY GOVERNMENT policy, to listen to anybody else on the most important circumstances facing the whole country. This is a PM who said a 12 seat majority wasn't enough to negotiate Brexit, before having the country remove that majority. #DissolveTheUnion
Brexit deal 'is not a humiliation for Britain,' says Jean-Claude Juncker - as Theresa May tells MPs to back her
Brexit is the epitome of leaving your homework til the last minute, it’s quite clearly never going to be your best work but you’ve got to just roll with it and hope you get away with it
No1 have a problem with the likes of u, lineker etc.being against the idea of brexit &amp; tweeting ur opinions about it. But the way you both (&amp; many others) do it, by suggesting any1 with a difference of opinion is stupid, make u look the idiot. &amp; its these attitudes why u lost.
And now stuck his snout into Brexit.
Yes Matthew, it bloody well is
Brexit will hit Scottish tax revenue by £2bn
Exactly what Leavers voted for...?
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Trump speaks up for the USA, rightly; but not for the UK. He reveals the drive behind brexit, which is to open up the UK markets to rape. When brexiteers talk of trade with the "rest of the world", they just mean the USA corporations, waiting for us at the bottom of the cliff.
As with most subjects, this man hasn’t a clue what he’s talking about.
The BBC have gone completely overboard with the Brexit propaganda this week They can't even pretend to be impartial I'd describe their behaviour as childish if it wasn't so serious Who makes these decisions ? Why aren't the BBC being asked to justify their behaviour ?
You know where Mrs May said MPs could back the #Brexit deal or "go back to square one," did you know "back to square one" comes from early radio football commentaries - where the pitch was into squares? "Square one" meant the ball was with the goalkeeper! #bbcnewsten
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May needs to go, replace her with a pro-Brexit PM, all Conservative Remainers need deselecting and a General Election should be called with a manifesto pledge to leave the corrupt EU without a deal and abolish the Houe of Lords! #StandUp4Brexit #MayMustGo
You can fool some of the people some of the time, but not all of the people all of the time. STOP BREXIT.
How many in the pole not 17.4 million!
Is it the time of year? Is it Brexit? Where are all the good people hiding? #Recruiterproblems #Whereareyou #Developers
Exactly this:
What is amusing is watching the reaction to tweets from ministers telling us this brexit shafting is a ‘good deal’ and wondering at what number comment they start to worry about their seat.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I note has said the Brexit deal ‘keeps the economy strong’. Just making that up, Matt? Care to show your workings?
Markets rise as investors cling on to hope of Brexit deal approval
What would be the point? So they can say which one of them wants to not have another referendum more? To see which one can say they love Brexit the most?
US: May's #Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says #Trump
Peston is pathetic. Defending the indefensible and portraying May as the victim. He is part of the reason MSM can't be taken seriously.
I still find it unbelievable that Vince Cable is Lib Dem leader, and more unbelievable that I remembered. What an uninspiring, dull, inanimate old buffer he is. Anyone remember his powerful speech in Parliament the other day? No? BECAUSE HE NEVER DOES THEM #Brexit #LibDems
President Trump, "BREXIT deal could mean UK cannot trade with US" - Live Trading News via
Interesting that this group, despite having British in its title, displays the English flag. Betrays itself as a little englander which dislikes all foreigners. Work hard for a #PeoplesVoteNow and reject the lies of hardline Brexiteers!
The people who vote Anne for the trials are probably the same people who voted Brexit #imaceleb #brexit
Anything is possible
Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
The rich will be richer.
The blame lies squarely on the Brexit Saboteurs who wouldn't - couldn't - accept the decision of the majority in the Referendum and have undermined the negotiators every step of the way. A pox on the lot of you. May you rot in Hell! (If Satan will let you in!)
David Davis goes to America earlier this month funded by? Trump says we can't trade with them now? Funny, or suspicious? #BrexitAgreement #Brexit trump
Turkeys actually voted for Christmas.
Yep my gran really just called brexit breadsticks
It's stupid brainwashed people acting against their own interests for 2 years fighting #Brexit unnecessarily instead of accepting the vote that has caused this mess.
Treason May. Trying to butter up the business leaders. So Brexit makes no difference to the actual civilian population??? Come 11 Dec, time to get rid of her
No, for how referendums work I can refer you to Ireland's recent #repealthe8th one where proposed law existed for debate BEFORE the vote. The brexit referendum is an example of complete shambles in almost every way.
Watching News at Ten. Quite frankly, if that jacket demonstrates what thinks is a good idea. l hold out no hope for Brexit....
Is there anyone out there who sits &amp; watches the news and does not metaphorically hold their head in their hands and wonder what on earth is going on with this country.. sick of Brexit, crazy crazy times...
Yes, just look at the current #Brexit negotiations lol.
In the latest version of our One magazine we look at bracing your recruitment for Brexit, managing mental health in business, Making Tax Digital, how to stand back from your business, organising your afterlife affairs and successful business support.
Simply mind-blowing, once again. This is what humanity is capable of. And yet all we deal with and hear about on a daily basis are hate, Brexit, Trump and, poverty, war and homelessness. It's 2018, 'we' landed this craft on Mars. Mars! Can we take that as our standard please?
Sorry, that's disingenuous, ; you mean "May's fake Brexit BRINO will make GDP shrink by 3.9% annually."
Wales - we voted to leave the EU Can you please indicate your current feeling Why? Brexit has to be stopped or at least, at least put to the now we "actually" know the "deal" No? Yes? Cc
It’s not so much BOB, more BOMB (Bored of Mays Brexit)
Why is that a concern and not the illegality, lies and the fact that Brexit is a total disaster? A second referendum is the only way to restore sanity by overturning Brexit, or to give it the necessary license to proceed with all the facts.
We agree on Cameron running away from it. I just don’t see how she can survive her deal being scuppered by parliament. I would also like to think that Johnson, Davies or somebody would have the integrity to step into the breach pre Brexit. It’s certainly interesting times.
Thoughtful of Mr Trump to give us the benefit of his wisdom on the Brexit agreement.
No deal is more trade, not less. #Lessismorebrexit #brexit
What I want to know is this. The MPs now coming out of the wood work and the newly formed campaigners where were you all 2 years with your words of wisdom? Maybe then it would have made a flaming difference #Brexit
The backstop will be used to threaten us into giving up any advantage in any area of defence, law, trade and commerce the Eu wish. This is a bad deal that will lead to an unequal international treaty.
Kiss of death.
What makes you think Brexit is not self harm? It could lead to severe poverty, increasing the levels already seen under austerity, which in itself has led to the deaths of many people. In the opinion of some, Brexit is an act of national self harm.
So there! Once and for all! Hah! Go, Joanna and crew! #StopBrexit
will be on our YouTube channel very shortly reading from her latest book Who Shot Tony Blair? Why not set a reminder now? #Brexit #Satire #Politics #Comedy #Books #Author #humour #humor
No more pies if we Brexit?
(Boring brexit post but just want to post it) I believe that because May didn’t want to leave the EU in the first place she’s made this ONE brexit deal in hope that people really won’t want it or go through this all again so we don’t end up leaving the EU...
Here’s a #Brexit message for all the whining, self centred remoaners, the yelping Brexiteers and the politically inept bastards in the middle of it all, snouts in the trough The Rolling Stones - You Can't Always Get What You Want - Remastered via
Jogon you Gowl !
Another bbc gig for Toynbee.
Let us all please ignore the evil granny fanatic scumbag
Are we sure he knows what he's talking about though. He has been known to make a few outlandish claims before. Personally that might actually be the only advantage of brexit. No chlorinated chicken, antibiotic filled milk, and GMO foods. Not bad.....
!!! #TwistedCrusader !!! #WhetExpress backs #StayMay’s #BrinoTurd #EUreturnDEAL as owner, #TrinityMirror’s #PulpFiction makes mockery of ’s Brexit-driving dynamo !!!
Thanks for this. Please fact check theWHOLE letter. I suspect it contains many misleading statements. We need the truth.
Bitcoin marketcap is 64 billion, brexit bus says EU membership will cost us 16,8 billion year :S
#BREXIT BETRAYAL! Let's Be There, (outside Parliament), on the 9th &amp; 10t... via
#isitok that Donald Trump is saying the USA cant promise they will trade with us over #brexit?
Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson reveals why he voted to leave the EU and says he’s ‘quite relaxed’ about Brexit
Possibly even an earldom, if you promise to.....
Yet Brexit has been proof that Scotland has no voice, had an allotted 15 WM debate on it, has been ignored and wasn't even mentioned in The Checkers deal.
Why #DonaldTrump thinks the #Brexit deal is no good for US-UK trade
Italy May Be A Bigger Test For The EU Than Brexit Is
Unbelievable .... well actually not The EU is corrupt
If it’s puppies and cake your after your in the wrong #Twitter lane Im afraid - this is the fucked off #Trump #May #Brexit #UC #PIP #Palestine etc thread, exit after this and join -
'Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public'
What does Brexit mean now? via
Vote in the new #Brexit referendum. Do you want to be: 1. Worse off? 2. Much worse off? 3. Catastrophically worse off?
Just realised that Theresa May rhymes with... toast. #brexit
Great news! But can someone drill some sense into our PM? please! #Brexit
Important aspect of both Brexit and US government actions at the border (right now and in general) is the total faliure of we who support freedom of movement to make the case. We should speak with the same moral clarity as when we talk about e.g. gay marriage or gender equality
starving the poor to give tax breaks to their mates, public services have been decimated, Brexit has cost us billions just because Cameron was too thick to realise that holding a ref, to mend internal Tory fighting, after he had spent the previous 6 year telling people that
Trump on #Brexit agreement: 'Sounds like a great deal for the EU', …. If he bothered to check, he'd know the UK will continue trading with the US. Actually, from a UK POV, they may well have significantly better transatlantic trade terms as an EU member than as a stand-alone!
‘Twas The ChlorinatedChicken That Doth Killed The Brexit!
Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be ... +1 UKBot #UK #news
Theresa May's Brexit deal could cost UK £100bn over a decade The downside of having a remainer deliver remain dressed as brexit
Macron threatens to use backstop as a weapon over UK fisheries.
The latest Great Western Times! Thanks to #brexit #news
Could be limited dataset post #brexit more of an Excel wrangling type role maybe??
All together now: “Oh no it doesn’t!” We and the EU are better together.
#Squidoo News: Soy's Twitter Pals is out! Stories via #roc #brexit
I don’t doubt that and well done. What I’m highlighting though is how it could be better and not so much about the money of rides subsiding light costs. &amp; team could get involved to make a difference to our community as opposed to Brexit dream chasing!
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? Good questions too.. Truth will out.
BBC News laying into for weighing in on Brexit as President. I seem to recall they applauded Obama for making negative comments as part of Project Fear during the referendum campaign.
No country in its right mind would do Brexit. #PeoplesVote
Great insight. Not. And forgetting the coalition of over 30 countries that took part in Iraq and the fact that the Iraq war was much more popular amongst Brits than Brexit. (54-38).
Aww, and I thought Donny &amp; Theresa were besties. Who's she going to run through wheat fields with now?
Most disaffected Tory voters are Leave voters. There is an opportunity here for Labour to pick them up if we can outline that we can deliver a better brexit.
Are you in training for Brexit?
Oh, and the industry getting smaller by the day - is the finance industry - before brexit no.1in the world today no. 3 To date, 600 bankers had left including mogg to avoid the brexit hit
What? For speaking the truth? Trump might have just saved BREXIT by putting a nail on 's dodgy draft agreement.
Jon Sopel just said as much on 10 o clock news. Important, oft-overlooked part of Brexit politics. 's work is uncovering the machine behind it.
Well, democracy is an ongoing process, not a once-and-for-all event. And Brexit means different things to different people.
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
We should beware of this very dangerous snake oil salesman
THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
"Or we can reject the deal and go back to square one", says May. Yes please. Can we do that please? Thank you. #Brexit
Not a #TheresaMay fan, but she must be doing the s*ittiest PM job in the world atm. (This was an empathy attempt.) #brexit
If you've ever wondered about FBPE here's a couple of articles I found on them. Makes interesting reading:
What a creep Nicky Morgan is. #Brexit
Interesting. My children (early 20’s) and their friends get very animated about it. They go on the marches and the protests and they are active and vocal. Their FB and Twitter feeds are full of anti Brexit posts. But they listen to the other side too. They’re not dismissive.
Lol. Coming from a Lib Dem supporter mind. All I’m saying is that someone who supports Brexit would be good on the panel.
The same will happen after brexit all over britain. But he right wing voters voters voted for this. Nationalism kills.
Corbyn is right to agree but subject to being allowed to attack May on Austerity. Corbyn must be well briefed on the deal &amp; present details of Labour's proposals &amp; why their approach will be better &amp; still deliver BREXIT. Not easy but this is a key debate
British expats lose Brexit challenge after taking case to EU court 'because we couldn't vote in 2016 referendum' - Evening Standard
Tom Peck Theresa May's #Brexit deal was torn apart by MPs, for a third time
Sadiq Khan: Erect a Statue of Steve Bray (Mr Shouty Stop Brexit man) on the 4th Plinth in Trafalgar Sq - Sign the Petition! via
Tom Peck Theresa May's #Brexit deal was torn apart by MPs, for a third time
Simon Jenkins is a disgrace. Unfit for human consumption! "Ukraine has disobeyed" "Kiev’s anti-communists flirted with Nato" "attempted military encirclement [of Russia] by Nato" "he only promise is of anarchy" faux pas. #CommentIsDangerous
We entrusted you to deliver on brexit. You have sold us down the river.i have voted conservative all my life APART from voting UKIP to get us in this position to leave. You are a traitor
I stated that in relation to your selective atrocity bingo games but you dodged selecting a principles? As for the current topic, I stated a plain fact: NI was never meant to be permanent. Partition remains an ongoing injustice with ongoing &amp; divisive consequences e.g Brexit etc?
That would be the trade deal you told the Brexit committee would be agreed before we left the EU alongside all those other new FTAs.
A nice man who has since become the voice of the Tory establishment in the DT. Bruce Anderson has recently argued that he should leave the Lords to rescue the party and reconcile its factions. My guess is he has committed himself too deeply to May to do that.
How will we be able to tell which is which?
Oh look, Lammy scaremongering again!!!
The backstop will be used to threaten us into giving up any advantage in any area of defence, law, trade and commerce. This is a bad deal that will lead to an unequal international treaty.
That's because it's not a Brexit deal it's a surrender agreement, people aren't stupid though this dreadful PM thinks they are
Do you agree with #Remain is better than #Brexit now? #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Could people (inc Labour people &amp; ) stop using the phrase “national act of self harm” to describe #brexit. Self harm is hurting yourself because you see no alternative. It’s sitting in a&amp;e for hours waiting for treatment. It’s having surgery because
Let’s tackle the first one; flying. The WTO deals with trade of physical goods. It does not deal with pilots licences, air traffic control, safety and airworthiness of aircraft &amp; parts thereof. If you can debunk anything written in this article, go for it:
Well done, Absolutely brilliant. Hope your pub in Settle gives you a few free pints for this.
Same goes for referring to Brexit as suicide.
Don't trust this Tory any more on the matter of the EU than you would his 2012 transport white paper for the North East
My hero... I'm coming...with STOP BREXIT inked on my forehead and a Giant Pogo Stick. #theygohighwegohigher
This is how life is for the rich elites who rule Brexit Britain
I agree Darren, but the EU had the power to negotiate an agreement with Cameron &amp; we would still be part of it, they refused hence BREXIT referendum. Now it MUST be a full Brexit.
Italy May Be A Bigger Test For The EU Than Brexit Is
Why's it called the house of commons when none of them have anything in common #Brexit
DT Emma Lewell-Buck MP: RT Jennifer-Anne Scott: A Labour MP at the No10 briefing on May's Brexit deal tonight...
Italy May Be A Bigger Test For The EU Than Brexit Is
Finally something good comes out of brexit. No trump deal
Brexit news: Margaret Thatcher speech 'turned Britain against EU in 1988' | UK | News |
Safe to say there’s not much support in Parliament for the PM’s Brexit deal
Sky fails to get 100000 votes why
Remainers: Trump is a total dweeb ... an evil juvenile idiot!!! Trump: That Brexit deal is sh!t Remainers: Bravo oh wise and intelligent world master... we worship your tiny hands, your golden locks and your enormously clever brain!!! #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
Trump, like Putin wants to destroy western unity and therefore wants a more disastrous Brexit. Ignore him (funny how those who reject all European voices are quite happy to listen to a foreigner who is not European) #BBCNews
And what when you lose that?...
That Bigoted Woman was the beginning of Brexit and that's just fact
There are many concerns about the format of this May/Corbyn TV debate but one of the main worries is having the involved due to recent obvious #bbcBias from
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
The replies ...
#May's #Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says #Trump
Calm down, Corbyn is a master tactician. The Tories called the referendum - it was divisive. It now appears pointless, because Brexit as May wants it leaves us worse off! The only way forward is a national consensus and compromise. This May deal isn’t it! #GeneralElectionNow
Sadiq Khan: Erect a Statue of Steve Bray (Mr Shouty Stop Brexit man) on the 4th Plinth in Trafalgar Sq - Sign the Petition! via
It’s not about “winning” a debate between a Tory or a Labour #Brexit. This is the biggest ever peacetime issue facing our country. All major political parties should have a voice.
"the shock referendum result two years ago can be understood primarily as an economically driven protest vote from many of these communities, rather than stemming from a deep-rooted antipathy to European Union membership"
Because there's not a fagpaper between them on Brexit. The harder the better.
It’s not Brexit you silly cow
CHECK OUT SOME TOP BANGERS! GREAT FOR BEING IN THE CAR WITH THE LADS HEADING TO STANSTED. #sesh #brexit #lads
Was saying this at the weekend. Like many things Brexit is stealing oxygen from so many things. My fear is UKIP's lurch even further right will go unnoticed by some of their voters, while for others they're an overton window
okay so basically no mp's are gonna agree to this deal, we'll have to try and renegotiate, eu cba with anymore negotiations so we might have to have a no deal brexit Or remain in eu but with some sort of detriment to us .
handling of #Brexit reminds me of Basil Fawlty making a Waldorf Salad. She’s so deep in the shit she just won’t back out and admit she’s in a complete mess.
Couldn’t have put it better myself
Trump pulls out all the stops to get that Brexit deal through.
Will MPs vote for Brexit deal?
it is not what you do it is how you live but what would you know busy making money from it you think protest is a business instead of a way of life greedy capitalist brexit opportunists - just like rees-mogg and boris etc same as leavers despicable it will all come out
How long until you guys think WWIII breaks out? I give it until around #Brexit happens next year. #CapitalismDestroyedAmerica #CapitalismDestroyedTheWorld
Sequencing was supposed to be the row of the summer. Then a Brexit Secretary agreed. I forgot his name. Or maybe he meant summer 2019?
Itvnews brexit is just to make you poorer &amp; the rich richer.
Hey team know you've just discussed Brexit, but on the basis its clearly going to rumble on, how about adding the excellent to the schedule. He's another excellent political commentator who stands out and is able to add insightful analysis to the debate.
I’ve started a new blog. Post divorce, looming Brexit all while r in the depths of single motherhood. So very cheery.
Brilliant, Trump weighing in on Brexit. It's like a Venn diagram of the interminably shite.
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Hard like Brexiteers saying “the Brexit deal” is it not what “the people voted for” is ludicrous. It was an in/out vote. They voted out. There isn’t a magic, secret plan that will make everything lovely. This. Is. It!
Good for President Trump, siding with pro-Brexit elements in UK politics! He is a superb ally for patriotic Britons against May the appeaser &amp; the anti-British #eu. Trump threw a spanner in the works by saying that May's Brexit Deal will hinder UK trade with US.
I grew up on Mike Harding, and I hope he gets exposure for this cos his Facebook's great Talks about his family a lot in old shows, it's got some parts that don't exactly age well, but never malicious, and Harding deals with the times like an adult
If you build it, they will come... #StopBrexit #SODEMAction #BBCLicenceFee put to good use, I see... BBC News builds platform to block out anti-Brexit campaigners... and fails | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
BBC News - #Brexit: #TrumpLies says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade Dear #DonnieDollHands keep your GM crops and your chlorinated chicken
is spot on, just because "the public" are bored with #brexit doesn't mean #UK legislators should stop fighting for the best for this country. We need a #PeoplesVote
Are you saying you don't care what happens to our Fishing Industry? Is that Official Policy. How about our Whisky Industry? Trump has just declared May's Brexit Deal means we won't be able to have any further Trade with the US, our biggest Whisky Importer. Indy is dead!
A very informative article in Forbes explaining how May #Brexit deal is bad for the UK
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough new demands to lock UK into joint fisheries deal
are you backing ? Please confirm your intention? #Conservative #wells #somerset #brexit
In fairness, he'd hardly say the Cabinet said "Jesus, Theresa - what a crap deal you hopeless case!"
A Second Brexit Referendum: how would it work? Film by and w/ Prof Meg Russell &amp;
#Brexit has produced the weird situation where the People would probably go for compromise, while Parliament would probably rather burn this motherfucker to the ground... #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow
It’s drivel like this that is hastening the UUs slide to utter irrelevance.
This makes look sodding terrible. It also makes the debate Blue Brexit vs Red Brexit so fairly pointless.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
We're seeing in full colour now the intrinsic problem with Brexit. The leavers want us to leave and burn the bridge behind us. Remainers want another referendum and absolutely nothing to change. If anything, the chasm between the two positions is getting wider.
Fascinating, touching and contradictory. Why the fishing industry voted for Brexit. As a child born by the sea and having grown up smelling of the sea, I understand why coastal communities feel different about fishing and shipping
That's code for impossible. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #leave
It sounds like to me, May is planning putting it to the people Her deal or No Brexit. Both are remain - I won’t vote. If the Conservatives do this, they’ll be wiped out as a party.
It’s easier for a needle to pass through a camel than it wil be for May’s Brexit agreement to get through the House of Commons (or something like that).
Brexit effect: "UK stocks rated least popular of 22 asset classes among global fund managers" and "sophisticated investors believed the UK’s financial markets were 'not amenable to rational economic analysis'"
Corbyn 'would relish' Brexit TV debate with Theresa May as PM tries to sell her exit deal
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Thank you . JEREMY, please end your inertia before it’s too late. As Gina writes, you are about to be cast in history as doing nothing whilst the country circles the plug hole. Please, find your voice.
Hahahaaa the tool does it again. What a clown.
They will debate her Brexit deal, which Jeremy Corbyn is not in favour of, so nothing cosy on their debate. In fact some ideas may come from it !
So to the Brexit folk. What can you do to deliver a deal. Its easy to say no never.
EU membership is outwith the devolved powers, deal with it. The reality is that the SNP want brexit and preferably a hard brexit. That is the only way people in our generation could see an independent Scotland. It's just painful to listen to the political play acting.
The deal that May currently has in hand would hurt the UK and help the EU. This was a lose-lose situation from the beginning. Trump has nothing to do with it.
Am I right in saying that the British people didn’t know - through no fault of their own - exactly what they were voting for back in 2016 and therefore should be given the option to vote again? #BrexitDeal #brexit
Tom Brady of is by far the best news presenter at the moment. He conveys the comedy-tragedy of #Brexit better than anyone else, you can tell he’s as fed up of it all as the rest of us.
I thought Corbyn was caught in a time warp. Looks like he isn't the only one in his party!!!!This one thinks #Brexit happened a few years ago. #PeoplesVoteNow
Well Well Well ..PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
You can only be a strong and fearless journalist when you have a strong and fearless boss. That is not Lord Hall.
Diana, please keep posting about Brexit. We need every voice out there
Just as May wanted all documents relating to cheating Brexit etc withheld from public
The people who voted for Brexit are the ones destroying your country.
The leadership bid starts here.
I didn't think brexit interested you after you turned your back on UKIP
I asked your man and he said: "Fucking Brexit for fuck's sake. Silly cunts have gone and fucked it up proper, en't they?. You have to fucking laugh.
Gove telling a fib on water supplies to prop up May, after he forced the resignation of her closest advisor in a high-profile cabinet row and ran against her for the leadership, over her Brexit deal, big parts of which he prominently campaigned against, is peak Gove.
Then questions from cllrs, key one from who asks if will have a #brexit commission like ? Disappointing response from that failed to grasp the significance
Love this,
Aye, but this is coming from the crow-eyed, ginger wankflannel who thinks the Chinese made up Global Warming and openly grabs fannies
If the deal is voted down we will not crash out without deal. That is now as clear as day. If you are now converted to Brexit fair enough, but to use the no deal argument just does not wash. Sorry.
Isle of Wight7.
says he's not happy with , comments on caravan, #EU &amp; #Brexit via
Nicky Morgan is an absolute moron! Clear as day the Brexit deal May has put on the table is a farce #Brexit #MayOut
Of course he does, it’s not chaosy enough.
Brexit and politics sick of hearing about it
Xenophobic = go to word to shut down debate and try to claim moral superiority while pretending you’re not being undemocratic. Haven’t you another Brexit case to prepare to lose?
Because Corbyn and Labour have the same Brexit-agenda as the Tories: they have no alternative policy !
Ah you mean a back sliding anti democratic spoilt Bstard eh. No trouble finding plenty of them. Ask Soubry first or she'll blart
Theresa Mays new cabinet #brexit!!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I was unsure about the deal that have sorted. Just heard that thinks it’s good for EU. Surely now decision is made. When that imbecile thinks it’s the wrong thing it is surely the right thing? #brexit #EU #PeoplesVoteNow
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Frazer think how strong a voice Unionists would have in a UI where they would have a greater say instead of fighting for scraps over in Westminster. #Think32 #Brexit
#isitok wots this? I thought this brexit was sorted. Get behind May! Shove her in channel,
ie Brexit in name only...ridiculous. A facsimile of so called "democracy" in the UK. Betrayed and will be paying once again during lifetimes to bail out this failing project. How on earth do people still fall for this?
if they don't want you in the USA come and rule the We need you. .
Theresa May's Brexit deal is worse than a No Deal and worse than staying in the EU as we are. Surrendering more power and losing more money. This is the worst possible outcome.
So you're happy with a deal that will leave Scotland worse off? Justify that !!! Your just Tories, nothing more, nothing less.
As I keep saying, Brexit is the opportunity for the UK to become even more corrupt than it is now - if that's possible. #taxhavens
An unexpected boost for number 10 here
fuck the brexit
WATCH: Batten: "Tommy Robinson is on our side in regards to #Brexit" via
Well, it says a lot about the current Labour Party! Out of touch and not able to listen!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Which is a good thing!
brexit is based on falsehoods, fibs and fabrication
So what's the plan #Corbyn #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVote
So lets be clear, as far as Brexit is concerned, Corbyn has the power Labours votes will decide if May's deal goes through or not. May has acknowledged that by calling in Labour MP's to a briefing.
You can't use the R word Royston! You'll summon that odious reptile from the brexit underworld.
Obama tried to influence the referendum. Now Trump evens the scales.
Damn right
Theresa May will be lucky to get 100 votes out of 620 for this Brexit deal in the House of Commons. To put it in context, Luxembourg has a better chance of winning the next 10 FIFA World Cups!
There was a time #Brexit would have been HUGE news in the US. Rightly so. But British &amp; US politics are consuming both societies. Last time on , I couldn’t help but point out how many Americans can’t focus on anything else. That’s dangerous, we need to know what’s going on.
WHY SHOULD ANYONE HAVE ANY CONFIDENCE IN MAY #BRITISH #BrexitChaos #BREXIT
The vote is the 11th, on the tenth I will be getting the keys to my new Leyden house. Good riddance, I will miss #Brighton though. #BrexitShambles
1. It has gone to court (watch this space); 2. The wishes of the 52% - to the extent that we can discern them at all - are wildly different, and in the most part impossible to deliver; and 3.The current government will be gone in weeks if not days, and Brexit abandoned.
Voted #Leave And not feeling like a complete and utter fuckwit yet? Then that makes you even more of a fuckwit. #Brexit
If they are competent as the crack team who secured her Brexit deal I don’t hold out much hope of her succeeding.
Brexit next Martin please
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says. It’s a Turkey, stuffed by EU!
Would you be happy with a no-deal Brexit?
We need to keep reminding Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn that we do not want any form of Brexit. Please sign and retweet both of these petitions
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
Any lawyer will tell you that "best endeavours" Is the very lowest and weakest requirement and virtually meaningless. Yet the Tory chairman was telling constituencies that it is exactly the opposite. When will Torys who support May see that she turning them into liars?
When a man is tired of #Brexit, he is tired of life.
We trade all around the world even with the USA before brexit. So now brexit means we can't continue to trade with the US? According to Lloyds 1:4 of gov't has mental health problems. Starting to make sense now.
What do you think of the Brexit deal Stephen? For or against? If you are for the you will loose your seat at the next election!!
Just realised today the Smooth Radio has changed its name to Nation Radio. I knew it was a hard Brexit but this is a step too far!
Fuck Brexit! That’s terrible.
Brexit is going well then
The cat summing up how we feel about #Brexit
Coincidentally, Putin also believes in #Brexit.
Brexit rubbish
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! please sign the petition!
Watching #TheresaMay is like witnessing a very long, slow, painful death #Brexit #brexitdeal #BrexitChaos #DissolveTheUnion #Indyref2
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Yikes! thinks Theresa May's version of Brexit is no good. Does that mean I've got to agree with him for the first time ever?
It's not a case of Winning or Losing the referendum, it's what is Best for the economy, the economy that funds the NHS, pensions, mental health care, housing for the homeless, Leave if and when we get stronger, not know,
's open letter to the electorate sails very close to the wind on matters of factual accuracy regarding her #Brexit agreement. If it cannot stand on its own merits, it deserves to be rejected. Some blog thoughts here:
Apropos of nothing has Chris Heaton-Harris written his book about Brexit yet?
Seems Corbyn doesn't agree...
Donald Trump slams Theresa May’s Brexit plan as ‘a great deal for the EU’ and claims it stops Britain trading with the US
May's nativism has been the foundation on which her career, as Home Sec. and now PM, has been built. From sending "Go Home" vans to neighbourhoods with high proportions of POC to gleefully celebrating this as the core goal of Brexit, this stuff truly motivates her to keep going
You're loosing at Trivia Pursuits. Everyone else has 5 cheeses. You have none. Going "Back To Square One" sounds like a pretty sweet deal right? #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Trump likes Brexit because everyone said it wouldn’t happen, it did happen, and because Trump had at some point made an off hand remark about it being a good thing, he championed it after it the fact. I doubt he could really explain what it even does.
What I don’t get is all the crocodile’s tears over a terrible Brexit deal WHEN THE PUBLIC VOTED FOR IT. You did that. Deal with it.
Jeremy Corbyn complaining about Theresa May ploughing on... Priceless. #brexit
Eurosceptic Tory MPs Will End Up With ‘Soft Brexit’ If They Oppose Theresa May’s Plans, Ministers To Warn
Too right! Tories will go the way of the lib dems, the public will exact their revenge at the next elections. #BrexitAgreement
A reminder Vote Leave promised many solutions to the NI border 2.5 years the confirmation of their lies, deceit and shambolic con rings eternal Yet still racists, liars, cheats and fools try to desperately peddle on any semblance of a con
The dirt under my shoe has a more informed opinion than the Tangerine in Chief!
Guts do you think we will end up with a no deal Brexit?
A fortune? Which country is majority Brexit? Remainers on QT really takes the proverbial
Jennistar only 17.4 million out of a total of 47 million of the registered UK electorate, at the time of the Referendum, actually chose to vote to leave the EU! Imposition of Brexit is democratically illegitimate!.
If you’re a Business Analyst in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The latest The Open Unionism Daily! Thanks to #brexit #ukmfg
Theresa May's Brexit is? Clue, it's the second one.
"Mr Corbyn, I accuse you of failing to do your duty by not opposing in any real sense our government on the most important issue of our times – Brexit."
Bureaucrats in Britain will shape Brexit so that its hurts the British economy and the people there. They may have lost the vote but not their ability to betray their constituents.
#DonaldTrump says #Brexit deal 'means #UK may not be able to trade with US'
At last someone talks sense on Brexit.
If vote down this Brexit deal, the damage done is on their heads. Even if we get independence, it’ll take years for us to recover. They seriously need to think about this.
: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' SO we knew he was a lying bastard, why didn't realise he was slippery?
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade: The US president says the withdrawal agreement sounds "a great deal for the EU".
She’s working furiously for a large Labour abstention
#Brexit has been more than a bit of a shit show, but I think this shows the real UK spirit better than anything else!
I assume as you do not accept May's deal you support Leave with No Deal.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Another Labour candidate talking nonsense. Corbyn and Labour have an equally useless deal that is also a creaky bridge to nowhere. A general election will not sort this out either. Besides the fact Corbyn is deeply unpopular at 22 per cent rating. They live in another world.
He is an idiot....though his comments on Brexit might just mean it won't happen. Thanks?
The advisory tag alone seems to me to mean: if advice seems crazy it probably is a good idea to think again. Add to that the lies, the criminal behaviour of vote leave and the inability of the Brexit team to come up with a plan and it all points to a rethink. #PeoplesVote .
Great, darling, that’s exactly what the majority of the people want: back to square one. Thank you.
I’d pay good money to see that
Theresa May needs to step down your f**king up the UK and deals for our country #bbc #news #uk #needchanges #gobacktotheeu #EU #Brexit
You said we'll be fine in a no deal Brexit Rog so you're in no position call anyone else a liar.
Oh folks can you PLEASE stop using the term #suicide and #selfharm when you talk about #Brexit It’s unnecessary, lazy and potentially very distressing to people struggling with overwhelming emotions or thoughts of wishing they were dead
Donald Trump warns May’s Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
The British Public are tossers. Anne to do the next trial!! She’s not a very well person. And not very well people want to watch her do something horrific. It’s like watching Brexit. Stop giving idiots the right to vote FFS!! #imaceleb2018 #Brexit
.#brexit What on earth was Theresa May wearing today. She looked like a tic tac man at the Derby. I wouldn’t back her to get this deal through though.
So it's going to be no deal....no brexit......what next? Wait actually i don't care. Hmmm
You are right to be whining, Andrew. First you decisively lose the argument over #Brexit. Next you will lose the vote. Don't you know a fundamental right under a democracy is for the electorate to change its mind? #PeoplesVote IS democracy.
May using a lot of remoaners lines from anna soubry People are fed up of brexit so lets just back the remoaning chequers plan and stay in EU hahahahahahahahahahhahahhaha,
And now Trump!
Election or a people vote? Election of cause. Let's ACTUALLY end austerity, revive the NHS, give the police the important resources they require. Bring back vital services into public ownership and bring down the wealth divide. Labour have left all cards on the table re brexit.
General election. Labour Brexit for me.
Don't be conned. Those wanting to vote thru Theresa Mays deal in order to stop the endless brexit talk (bobs). Be aware that her deal will lead to at least several or possibly more years of negotiations so it will not end it. Only withdrawing article 50 and staying in will end it
Surprise surprise the only MP in Staffordshire who will back Theresa May and Karen Bradley and their poisonous pretend Brexit is ... Tory Boy Jack Bexit Brereton Apparently thats what Bexit means
This is like the Centrists idea of that single that Nick Cave and Kylie Minogue did together...
I think that he will. I can’t support anybody who enables brexit.
I've been really puzzled at the backlash to the backstop. It's quite close to the 'cake and eat it' Brexit many of them used to want: friction-lite trade with the EU without Freedom of Movement.
'There been a distinct diplomatic pattern when it comes to Trump and Brexit,' says . 'He makes an enthusiastic albeit perhaps inappropriate gesture. The British turn him down pat.'
Most of them remainders ?
I mean, we might as well explore our options but I can’t imagine Mars will want us. Nobody mention Brexit. Or Trump. Or basically any other shit we’re up to right now.
If it's Maybot's version of Brexit, who knows. But Lammy is an imbecile.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit was about controlling borders. The UK got their wish.
I want to see deliver the Brexit this Country voted for before spinning the media up for a debate with the equally clueless #smokescreen #makedebateshappen #ScrapTheBrexitDeal
Eurosceptic Tory MPs Will End Up With ‘Soft Brexit’ If They Oppose Theresa May’s Plans, Ministers To Warn
This should be an interesting day.
The word she was looking for but wouldn't say was SORRY
President gave a press conference about #Brexit after European Council. "Brexit has shown everyone the value of the EU", he said #COEU
Look at the methodology and the assumptions-has anyone observed a forecast 12 years into the future that was correct? Pure guess work?
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper US-UK trade
Great, , but what is labour’s plan apart from crossing fingers for an election and then hoping to win it ? You know what needs to happen, please convince the man you sit next to so often.
Amen to that
The Only Clear Gainer from #Brexit: Vladimir #Putin
I wont back this brexit deal, I think it suits the EU and not the british
I don’t think there’s an ‘if’ it isn’t stopped if TM’s deal is passed, Brexit WILL happen. A shit half arsed brexit that pleases nobody. If deal fails to pass there are more than enough MPs unable to stomach a no-deal WTO no-friends brexit to stop this nonsense for a rethink
No. It's not! 99% of narrative to Brexit is about Freedom of movement of people who'd been denied that greatest freedom for so many decades... People who in real, daily life put blood, sweat, toil into our country &amp; are building blocks of economy. Blodline of our mighty country
President Trump warns Britain may NOT be allowed to trade with the US under the terms of May’s Brexit deal By Rory Tingle and James Tapsfield, Political Editor For Mailonline 20:09, 26 Nov 2018, updated 21:55, 26 Nov 2018
Planning a tour of Britain with a sales pitch for her Brexit Deal. Time to plan our civil disobedience round her tour dates to let her know where she can shove her deal of Brexit in name only
In other news I shall soon be publishing my book 101 better ways to voluntarily saw off a limb.
'Has Theresa May cut Gibraltar LOOSE?' Luxembourg PM put on spot over UK-Spain Brexit deal
if you vote against a kick in the balls, you'll get a kick in the balls? how on earth is that a threat HuffPoo?
We love you in the UK, the MSM are verry bias towards the left. The BBC are anti Brexit and anti POTUS. We surf's can see through their bullshit.
In essence Trump said to May today if that's the best you can do forget a trade deal with the USA. He is of course correct. However I don't think Mrs May wants a deal with the USA. She wants the UK to rejoin the EU when we have suffered from her Brexit deal. She's Pathetic really
Saw Thatcher trending thought they'd reanimated her to try and get the public to support May's deal... #Brexit
Not a Brexit supporter, but hats off to for trying so hard....Its never easy to navigate your way in this world as a woman.
I voted to remain &amp; unfortunately the majority voted to leave but what makes me mad is that baffoon Boris who was urging we leave is now shouting his wig off at Theresa for what’s about to happen like he wasn’t the poster boy for it then did a moonwalk outta there. Knob #Brexit
Perhaps was busy telling business that Brexit was going to be brilliant?
As opposed to when he was Brexit sec...he was so engaged then
I am waiting for you to acknowledge that Brexit itself is a bad deal for the country and to announce that Labour will vote in Parliament to stop it
Imagine being so tired of hearing about Brexit, that you're prepared to just accept a deal
Two things I really hate at the moment..Trump and Brexit..Marmite doesn’t come into it..Well when you hate something enough there has to be a better reason than the salty taste..In the case of Trump and Brexit it is that they are both full of lies!
Bitcoin marketcap 64 billion, brexit bus says EU membership will cost us 16,8 billion year :S Brexit bus shows that bitcoin as more value than EU single market lel #bitcoin
That’s gonna end well...
Has a nation ever voluntarily decided to decrease their annual revenue by £100bn a year? Is it possible that an ill advised and uninformed electorate made the wrong decision in 2016? Informed politicians might want to reverse that decision or provide another say #Brexit
#Brexit Don't know what's driving me nuts more Brexit or T.May. on, and on until it dies a fking death.
She said she "should not have used that language in that meeting [CBI conference]". Seems to me she would have used precisely 'that language' with a more populist gathering. She meant every word she said.
Maite I iz reddy four Brexit , I iz already stoped French kissing and I wil have noe Brussels sprouts four xmas
Every cloud...
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of Brexit medicine – cartoon
Thanks Brexit is very worrying for the vast majority of micro biz indeed Very limited say &amp; representation at government level How can we prepare?
Hopefully the final nail in the coffin for pm.
Not sure he needs #Brexit for all that, #Trump seems to be able to hamper trade with other countries all on his own.
and in other good news stories . . [can he take #brexit with him please] Elon Musk: 70 percent chance I'll move to Mars | ZDNet #mars #ElonMusk
Looks like we are heading for a no deal Brexit doesn't it?
Yes I’m afraid they think we are all idiots, not least the current Cabinet. I say without any particular malice, that if they were, as they should be, outstanding leaders that would be bad enough but as they are clearly bumbling amateurs it is vexatious.
Lord Digby Jones on LBC even as I tweet this saying how incredibly important a trade deal with America is to us after Brexit. Shitty food in return for access to our NHS. A Bad Deal just like Brexit. #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #InformedConsent
wow swooning over the magna carta.....#wtf.......#brexit is the english insanity...... get us out of this 1707 political union........
I was listening to your podcast today re brexit. I think you missed the point though. For starters this is a Withdrawal Agreement with an end date. We could still end up with no deal at the end of it. The best solution is extend A50 and go for #PeoplesVote
This is fine.
Never mind Brexit get yourself to Welly on Thursday night for sex pissed dolls
Tory doom.
Now #PresidentTrump chips in on #TheresaMay 's #BrexitDeal ! "Under THIS deal , it's doubtful if the USA can do a deal with the UK after all. ITS A GREAT DEAL FOR THE EU " #Brexit
DT hasn’t a frigging clue (or a care) with what’s gone on with #Brexit over the past few days. He’s been asked, as a favour, by one of his British shady pals to pour scorn on Maybot’s plans.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Just can't seem to get the labour these days. Must be #Brexit.
I’m sure that’s just an unintentional hiccup Nige. Mrs. May is a globalist, she is far too committed behind a plan that seems doomed to fail. Mrs. May is a globalist, it’s the only way to control their agenda, Corrupt the one voice that counts.
I’m at that point now where I just laugh when brexit comes on the news.
Yep, no reason for Brexit to be the exception.
Tory Rebels Risking 'Soft Brexit' If They Vote Down May's Plan, Ministers To Warn
Aside from that, SF have more to gain from Brexit than if we stayed.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The latest The Leda Karabela Daily! Thanks to #cybermonday #brexit
Waste of time but will make interesting viewing ...
So, let’s get this straight, won’t give The People a #PeoplesVote but she’s written an open letter to the people asking for our help to twist our MP’s arms to get her deal through? But backwards hey?! #BrexitDeal #Brekshit #Brexit #whatamess
There are shadowy, rich, dangerous people trying to engineer a no-deal brexit; aided and abetted by their pet weasels in the media.
have u seen this??you've impressed THAT
I do not like the Brexit agreement, or Brexit at all... But I'm far more terrified of a no deal scenario
Real issue is how anyone who says they have TheMany's best interests at heart thinking Brexit is a good idea right now. We cannot take it. Our cities cannot take it. Our NHS IS failing. Councils collapsing. Austerity has us on our knees. #SaveBrum #FinalSay #NotMyBrexit
Germany 4. Which is more like a football score.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
So Nigel Farage's mate Donald Trump interferes at the most inappropriate time in UK Parliament Brexit debate! So where's the outrage at foreign interference Nigel?
God if I hear Brexit one more time. Bring on 29th March and hopefully Politicians will shut up!. We’re bored of you and your self interest.
Who will help her?
You’re more deluded than I’ve ever gave you credit for Chris! You and your absentee landlord MP’s could stop the carnage that is BREXIT! - hands in pockets whistling as usual from SF.. no where to be seen when leadership is needed! NO WHERE!
1 There's an issue of language and of policy. People's Vote is an anti-brexit campaign and Labour whereas Labour supports any tenable way to get acceptable terms for leaving, as the majority asked for. Like you, Labour will not agree to leaving without an acceptable deal.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Then we heard about attitude, brain triggers and playing the movie, all in all a top conference for top performance and achievement.
£9m for a pack of lies.
Might be the only Scouser who thinks this but I actually feel for Teressa May. She’s getting all the shit for Brexit when essentially she’s in a no-win situation. How that slimy c**t David Cameron is not getting slagged more is beyond me. He’s the one who caused all this!!
Is Russia and European Union pressuring Ukraine into joining EU in latest naval attack? HEADLINE: EU must keep up pressure on Ukraine? via #Brexit
Watching the vox-pops on ITV #NewsAtTen is a reminder that though there are exceptions of course, Brexit is essentially a generational issue.
Well at least he’s knocked out Norway B. That assumes that sections of Tory MPs are still being straight with each other. They might spot it’s bad for his departure from standards, environmental, healthcare, killing migrants. Rees Mogg’s man.
Janey you are priceless x
Early Christmas present of #PeoplesVote when Parliament says where to stuff this duff deal! MsMay gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
Yet poured coverage all over #Obama when he came to support #Remain. #Brexit #MayMustGo #BiasBBC
the other code words to watch to for are :i cannot suport this :meaning i may abstain:
Poles will cost double that after Brexit. Supply &amp; demand…
The public were told by ‘experts’ how disastrous Brexit would be and yet they chose to jump into the abyss. Now Parliament is going to do the same. Shall we all form an orderly queue? 1, 2, 3, GERONIMOOoooo...
The Tories did kinda hate him at the time for making their job harder. He wasn't exactly welcome and he was given a lot of stick from everywhere. He didn't have the authority to become PM and Brexit secretary who would have been criticising the PM would hamper the tories.
EU approves Brexit divorce deal with Britain
Unfortunately the real opposition to Brexit in Parliamernt is coming from the SNP. Maybe you just dont have the numbers, or the fire, or something.....
Brexit cuts to spending this soon! Gone is Spreadsheet Phil replaced by Abacus Phil
I might have watched it if the First Ministers of N Ireland, Scotland and Wales had been invited to debate but very astutely, Sky realised that people outside London were irrelevant and arrange an extended version of PMQ's making Brexit a political rather than a National dialogue
Which Brexit did you vote for? And what do you say to the leavers who didn't vote for the same Brexit as you?
My grandmother lives in Eastbourne, voted leave. Then we reminded her that she wants to sell her French House. It’s still on the market...
For sone unexplainable reason, this Brexit deal or no deal squabble worries me.
Corbyn is so self obsessed that he only wants to turn a debate on Brexit with Theresa May into yet another protest platform about everything other than Brexit yet again. He will let down his membership , the wider Labour electorate for what? To further inflate his ego .
Theresa May's new cabinet #brexit
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
Another emphatic blow to the prospects of May's sinking Brexit deal.
The dynamic that caused Brexit to be raised was 90% caused by UK politicians failing to use the tools at their disposal. Plus press manipulation by the few for the few. Danny Dorling is an inequality expert who advised on minimum wage.
MCS have been around since whenever, but recently agree more frequent. Does all seem a ruse to get price increase - once the concession is in place stock appears. Are all these ever increasing MCS a prepping exercise for CP building up to life after brexit?
" business" generally were very slow to speak about the problems of Brexit but now very quick to tell us we must have "The deal". It's all about the transition period, gives large companies more time to manage their exit from the UK.
Get it off your chest, Mike
May we ask whay was in it?
PLEASE Take the hint, heaven knows it's being shouted from the rooftops. Mrs May is our modern day Neville Chamberlain, and should do as he did...RESIGN, NOW before ALL of the Royal Jewels have been sold off.
St. Barack could do no wrong in the eyes of #BBCNews Fact is, he's on par with Carter as the worst US President ever.
No to May's #BrexitBetrayal Give us the #Brexit we voted for... Theresa May has agreed to all this dodgy EU gravy train deal... #Shameful
How do you transliterate hysterical laughter? You know, the kind that starts off as disbelieving hilarity but then tips over into sobs halfway through.
Feels strange to hear my President say that Brexit shall make it harder for America to do a trade deal with the UK when I have watched the Brexit situation evolve during the last weekend, but Mrs May British PM has not carried her political guys with her.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
The economist has been continually against Brexit. Try reading something that is balanced or at least read some material that’s pro Brexit so you can make a fair judgement. If you make a your decisions based on the FT and the economist you will never understand society.
how stupid. the uk already trades with the us as a member of the eu; us-eu trade is already worth trillions of dollars annually &amp; the new trade agreement currently being finalised is set to boost the eu economy by at least €120billion. when we brexit we lose access to all this.
Farage’s SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal -
The equivalent of astrology or tarot cards...
The newsreaders should just say: ‘Good evening. Brexit; Trump; blah blah fucking blah. And now the weather.’
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Is Brexit the new holiday scent from Burberry?
Brexit. What a monstrous mess all sides have ended up with. Still amazed that there are people who seem so sure everything will be fine if we just up sticks and leave. I'm yet to hear how, or another plan than the unfortunate halfway house the PM has offered up. Head in hands.
This letter at this critical stage containing such a blatant lie is tawdry and cheap. There are no depths to which you will not stoop in making our Country poorer
Let’s be realistic, Brexit is nonsense, better to kill Brexit and remain in EU
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
BREXIT: Trump Says Brexit Deal Could Mean U.K. Can't Trade With U.S. - Bloomberg
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Exactly. Benedict Arnold, Vidkun Quisling, and now Theresa May ( , , ) - traitors to their countries. #Brexit
Glenn thinks you are all too thick and uncultured to recognise works of art that belong to Scotland Skip to 12/11 Glenn's an airhead
This is very good.
Brexit: May's deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump US president’s intervention is likely to weaken May’s hand when she is seeking to get deal approved by parliament
Surrender to who? Is this even about Brexit? Is something else going on???
I’m alarmed that these people with no sense of humour from Sunderland descend so rapidly into obscene language and resort then to threats of violence. Of course it’s just cowardice, insecurity coupled with a lack of education Nonetheless it’s inexcusable in a civilised society.
Not a bad piece by Tom Peck
Donald Trump has warned that the Brexit deal will harm the UK's ability to trade with the US, after Theresa May faced a day of grilling in Parliament. asks: Is this deal now in serious trouble?
I am encouraged Labour MPs are as unenthusiastic about the #Brexit deal as Conservatives. Less encouraging that those at the top of our party are seemingly trying their hardest to split and destroy us. #DitchTheDeal
I think the main political debate in the post Brexit Era will be centred on how we take the power back from the politicians rather than trusting them completely. The Status Quo is over. The masses must make change happen. Or forever settle for second best. #brexit #BrexitDeal
No point in a second referendum just goes against the definition of democracy #Brexit
#Trump shooting his mouth off again about the affairs of a supposed friend and ally at a critical moment in its history. He won’t have read a single word of the 585 page #Brexit withdrawal agreement. The UK responds diplomatically when it should be telling him to Foxtrot Oscar.
German Bankers and engineering bosses issue voting instructions to UK MPs #Brodmann #Krautsneider
Could be they're right.
Resign
now this prick thinks he can get involved/influence the uk... this our choice, not yours and makes no difference to USA #shutup
Russian agent trump demands hard brexit
#StAlbans on ITV news talking #Brexit.... shame I didn’t bump into reporter I’d have plenty to say on #TreasonMay
Check this - thinks Bad #BrexitDeal as well, in btw UK + US trade of all world + #EU. So looks like mean back to Square One huh, or worse will turn Brexit means Nothing!? #NoBrexitAtAll
Theresa May will be OUT 2 weeks before Christmas can give a wonderful present to the people of UK… their country back #CleanBrexit
When you listen to someone defending no deal Brexit on Radio 5 saying different nationalities on the freedom of movement issue but then lists Jews and Muslims. You know he should never have a vote.
Would it be unfair to suggest that part of the problem is that the people carrying out #brexit negotiations "on our behalf" are a bunch of entitled silver-spoon-swallowers who are so used to a free lunch they believe it is their godgiven right...? Or is that a bit harsh?
Tonight’s news, in summary: if Brexit doesn’t kill us, climate change will.
The Wind of Change and Tory &amp;#8211; Remain, By Dr D.H. Robinson Likely UK will join WTO in its own right very soon after so I haven't changed my mind though you had me stumped for a microsecond.
Might be the only Scouser who thinks this but I actually feel for Teresa May. She’s getting all the shit for Brexit when essentially she’s in a no-win situation. How that slimy c**t David Cameron is not getting slagged more is beyond me. He’s the one who caused all this!!
I added a video to a playlist Brexit deal: "It may well be that the public has had a taste of Brexit
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
But what happens when lies are exposed on 350m a week coal &amp; steel jobs not coming back &amp; tourists are not going to return to English seaside towns &amp; you hold none of the cards in the Brexit negotiations &amp; everyone is going to be worse off especially the places that voted Brexit?
Can anyone remember when was last on ? The more articulate the Brexit critic, the less likely BBC to use them.
#Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #LeaveMeansLeave Internal skulduggery ensured a Remainer crowned as PM? Coincidence that the reptilian Michael Gove, was welcomed back into the government &amp; has now elected 2 stay there supporting the MayBot? Bets on her successor??
opposition in UK government is not defined simply by taking an opposing position. You should read more about it. Corbyn has a team working on Brexit, while he and others, keep up the fight for the poor and homeless, &amp; countless other issues. What are you doing?
I hope they tell her it’s going down just as her MP’s obviously have
Has fluffy resign yet..? #askingforafriend #brexit
Can’t believe how poor the response of has been on #Brexit. Large companies should be kicking down the doors of No 10 and every MP in the constituency they are based in. Shame on !
We never wanted to leave. We said it would be a mess. Every news anchor said we need to leave. And losing by about 2% was a “majority vote”. Now the news anchors talk sarcastically about May &amp; Brexit like she is retarded! Now even the old racists are saying it’s bad?! #bbc #itv
Why Donald Trump thinks the Brexit deal is no good for US-UK trade Spectator USA #Spectator #UK #Trump
. hasn't tweeted since June. I wonder if there is any point in asking him if he will be voting against May's Brexit deal?
Stopping Brexit? EU’s top court hears UK exit reversal case – Reuters
Constantly seeing things on the news about “ brexit “ wot the fuck is “brexit”
default is no deal (UK Law) if the lizards dont vote for May deal... that = HARD BREXIT ... so hahahaha you POLTROON REMOANER
British expats' case against Brexit dismissed by EU's top Court #EUbusiness #news #international #Brexit #ecj #EuropeanUnion #law
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
#DonaldTrump says Theresa May's #Brexit agreement "sounds like a great deal" for the #EU but may hinder trade between the UK and US.....Obviously seeking to influence the MPs vote.
#Brexit FIRE Theresa May NOW!!!!
&amp; .... disappointingly supporting the Brexit deal which undermines the referendum result and the UK...typical gutless modern day politics at its best.
And this is in the most pro Brexit newspaper.
British intelligence happily allowed itself to be used by the US government to illegally spy on a presidential campaign. That is not the behavior of an ally.
She's finished, the nasty lying shit. Nod &amp; smerk all you want. Your days should be numbered. BOTCHED BREXIT DEAL WINDRUSH SCANDAL GRENFELL SCANDAL MANCHESTER BOMBING SCANDAL HOMELESS/POVERTY CHAOS WELFARE/WCA GENOCIDE EDUCATION CHAOS POLICE CUTS CAUSING CHAOS TO STREETS YEMEN
Nor will those with disabilities, from whom ESA &amp; PIP financial support is being ruthlessly withdrawn.
Ffs.. and we call ourselves a "democracy". #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
Let’s give £350million* to the NHS. *In 400 years time
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
Mrs Maybsaid no deal better than a bad deal. So why has she done a bad deal. #Brexit #LeaveEU #Maymustgo
Cyprus blocks EU defence and foreign cooperative role for UK post-Brexit. Did anyone forget little Cyprus? #itvnews #bbcnews #BBCNEWSTEN #bbclondonnews #londontonight #c4news #5news #skynews #c4brexit #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #PLAIDCYMRU
Narrative in MSM that May trying to get ppl to challenge their MPs to get them to vote for May’s surrender sellout. I’m finding its more the opposite with #Brexit voters despairing &amp; in shock that any MPs would vote for this unprecedented surrender of sovereignty!
Well we have as yet to hear what Remainers think Brexit should be, but then Remainers prefer to stay in EU, they feel safe there as there is always someone to tell the what to do, being ruled by dictators, paying out £Ms to bunch of old boys who spend most of their time drunk!
There is no soft Brexit for Scotland
Trump and his advisers have been consistently disappointed by May’s insistence that she must stick by E.U. terms and regulations at the expense of improving and deepening the UK-US relationship, explains .
Order of the Brown Nose.
May attacked from all sides over #Brexit deal
May attacked from all sides over #Brexit deal
I say! 'They found that many areas that supported Leave in 2016 – including Cornwall, Wales, the north and the midlands – now show a significant swing to Remain.'
Don't talk daft. He believes in Brexit. The same Brexit that 17.4 million voted for. He's simply making a perfectly valid point that if we are part of the EU customs union we can't do a free trade agreement with the US. People need to know that.
It delivers nothing other than the UK on a platter to the EU. This is not brexit
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Brexit DEAL, not Brexit! It starts with 39bn for nothing and continues with endless payments, no control and a stifled economy.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Please no! Let’s just discuss something other than #Brexit.
and she will still lose ...
Yes but is anyone still listening? Do these numbers make people care who don’t already? Worried about Brexit apathy setting in. BOB syndrome? Please say I’m wrong.#Brexitmustend#
Brexit means adorns
That wasn't our job. Our job was to vote. It is an abject failure of May's govt. not to prepare for a managed WTO brexit and then negotiate an FTA. That is closest to what the people voted for. They did not vote for a 'deal'
Yesterday I heard Mr Macron say in French to a reporter that yes French fishermen will still be able to fish in British waters &amp; the Brexit deal ensures that... then I heard it repeated in English... where are you pro-tory boys who say that is not the case... is Macron lying?
Oh well how many bottles of water can we buy with £39 billion
Tory Rebels Risking 'Soft Brexit' If They Vote Down May's Plan, Ministers To Warn
I said this before but I’ll most likely keep saying it. T. May has been heavily criticised over this EU deal and for the most part it’s been unfair criticism... #ITVNews #Brexit
My cat actually knows more about #Brexit than I do. I am not in the least bit troubled by that.
Might be the only Scouser who thinks this but I actually feel for Teressa May She’s getting all the shit for Brexit when essentially she’s in a no-win situation How that slimy c**t David Cameron is not getting slagged more is beyond me He’s the one who caused all this #Brexit
Trumpy boy upping his hand on getting his little ones on your #NHS - #brexit #ToryBritain
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
#DonaldTrump says #Brexit deal 'means #UK may not be able to trade with US'
There is only one benefit to Brexit and that is you and your kipper MEPs will no longer be embarrassing the United Kingdom in the European Parliament and like Moseley's Black Shirts you will be no more. #Brexit #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal via #breaking #news
Remainer May has delivered a deal that has no chance of being voted through the Commons. Is the plan to scare the hell out of the public with ridiculous Brexit disaster movie plots in order to quietly drop the divorce? Her tactics are baffling!!!
Sajid Javid and Philip Hammond 'in row with Number 10' over plans to rush through post-Brexit immigration shake-up
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The #UK is one step closer to a #Brexit deal:
When Government breaks down following Brexit deadlock and a potential 2nd referendum.. in the subsequent CIVIL WAR who are you going to side with ? #RT for a larger sample
EU steps up preparations for euro clearing in 'no deal' #Brexit, from -
I'm afraid you and I have no idea what members wanted on those occasions. But on the matter of Brexit we do know Jeremy stands against what the majority of members do want.
Kate Hoey: "I thought Theresa May was serious when she said 'Brexit mean... via
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal -
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Eurosceptic Tory MPs will end up with ‘soft Brexit’ if they oppose Theresa May’s plans, ministers to warn
UK would run out of clean water within days of No Deal Brexit #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #brexitchaos #NoDealBrexit #VoteDownTheDeal
#Brexit save the UK from the evil Theresa May #TheresaMay
We will never forgive you for this capitulation.....people have died to protect British sovereignty and you are happy to throw it away... #Brexit #LEAVE #TraitorMay
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal -
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
"Brexit is rooted in the rejection of modernity and reason. Higher education cannot thrive where expertise is sneered at" #notnormal #resistantvision #resist #45 #academictwitter
Brexit shoes
#brexit laughing stock. The country voted to leave the EU , we might not like like it ,but as I see it there is only one person in this country doing the job she is paid to do and that is Teresa May . Do your job MP's and back what the country voted for
Yes I had been wondering about this myself.
I know there’s a lot of negative stuff in the press at the moment around #Brexit but I’ve just been told I’ve got a credit from for £1.09
Dear Lord, a chap interviewed on the news just said on Brexit "let's get on with it, let's get out of Europe and stand on our own two feet". To be fair, physically re-locating the UK would probably easier at this point.
Anyway I'm either prepared for brexit by being comfortable not having much money already, or more fucked for being on a lower rung already, I can't tell which. Maybe both
Brexit: Here’s what happens now – CNBC
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
BREAKING: Nigel Farage promoted to pre-helicopter-ride speechwriter for the Trump administration. Am #Brexit
As a person who wants a fair system in place, I am against brexit and it is within my rights to oppose it and want a second referendum based on facts not lies
I used to like his evenhandedness on but he’s become very hectoring and holier than thou post #Brexit
Meet MPs bidding to vote down #Brexit deal
What a relief we have the disgraced former defence secretary #LiamFox in our corner looking after our #SpecialRelationship with the #USA
You forgot to mention all the dead people who didn't vote...
'Gilets jaunes' protesters threaten to bring France to a standstill #brexit
‘Huge gamble’ Tory Michael Fallon challenges May in Commons over #Brexit deal
Shirts - Available at Ksh1200. Call or WhatsApp +254 (0) 700 135552 #presspass #BlueEconomyKE #MondayMotivation kicc #ZoeLotionForMen #hearmetoo ambira high school Sustainable arsenal Lake Victoria Three Chinese tanzania brexit Bill kenya
You wanted Brexit Nidge. You’re getting Brexit
Good point. Well made.
Marsha thanks for taking a principled stand on this. I really hope that you and other Labour MPs are moving away from the idea that there is an alternative Wonder-Brexit to be negotiated by Labour. There can be no deal better than membership.
brexit being expressed as a “deal” is indicative
Oh give up. We want a General Election. I'm a no, regarding your question.
Leave the #EU now 17.4m people voted for #Brexit not a negotiation Please sign and retweet this petition The Battle for #Brexit goes on #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #Conservatives
View from USA: Many in the U.K. are rethinking Brexit as deal moves forward. via #BrexitDeal #PeoplesVote
Yes now let's get a leaver in charge someone who believes in Brexit
Should Boris Johnson be disciplined by the Conservatives for his burka comments?
Don't buy the Brexit media line. It's not over - the battle has hardly started. Write to your MP. Fund a legal challenge.
And HSBC is a client of Mel Stride's company
Makes me laugh so much when you see people on tv supporting Brexit saying ‘let’s get on with it and leave Europe’... we are NOT packing up and leaving the continent my friend xxx
After two and a half years, I’m so sick of Brexit. It can’t be stopped. We’re driving over the cliff. No point trying to fight it. I’m done tweeting about it. Please slap me if I mention it again.
Theresa May just received an "OH SHIT" moment. Trump has said "Her Brexit deal, means there will be no trade deals with the US" Excuse my 'Schadenfreude'
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
We will see what happens at the next GE. Democracy is very fragile. Even if we leave we know there is big forces in politics who will take us straight back in despite Euro, Schengen, EU Army, etc. Unless Tories give us a No deal #Brexit with a Eurosceptic PM. I’ll vote .
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
He might say you’re a tad bloody obsessed. Corbyn tweeted about Brexit a bit earlier. Get a friggin life? If you read this, it’s about refugees ffs!!!
This man lowers the tone of debate regularly but this is mendacity to an extreme. 3.9% over 12 years is the latest forecast which is some 0.28 per annum or margin of error given most forecasts.
They attack a #PeoplesVote based on new information for "disrespecting" the first vote. But they plan a back up second vote on no new information in case they lose in Parliament. #hypocrisy
I'd love to but post Brexit I don't think we'll be allowed to travel abroad in case we come back foreign.
Framed like this, Trump’s intervention could help May
Welp. #BrexitDeal
Brexit deal: How the numbers stack up against Theresa May. EU 9,May 1! We’ve let Remainer May to have us bullied by EU!
Why would remainers back creating a major democratic deficit. Only of interest to brexiters who think like Boles and gove 'lets get brexit then see.'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
... Could May and her brexit minister (Dominic Raab at the time) have gotten a better deal? Most likely not. Jean-Claude Junker was ADAMANT that this is the best and only deal that the EU would offer... #ITVNews
Hopefully some Brexit supporting Trump haters may eventually wake up.
This is what happens when #MI6 Recruit #Liberals and advertise in the #Guardian and on #Channel4 they all seem to be getting caught these days. #BBC #Iran #UAE #JamesBond #TheresaMay #UKIP #Brexit #TommyRobinson #UniversityChallenge
Brexit deal: How the numbers stack up against Theresa May
Well, given your party's stance on #Brexit you can hardly claim to represent remain voting unionists either. Couldn't get a cigarette (or ballot) paper between your lot &amp; the DUP. What exactly is the point of the UUP these days anyway?
Brexit: Trump says May’s deal ‘more difficult’ for US-UK trade
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Will MPs vote for Brexit deal?
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Who should a Post Brexit Britain become the little bitch of?
get teresa may out #Brexit
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected - May
If true then that’s killed it, rather leave than back ourselves into a corner
Layla. I'm going to break the habit of a lifetime and watch Newsnight for one night only as I know you will be amazing.
Do you prefer a no deal Brexit Sir Robert?
BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal yes that's the standard answer i get from my mum. she's 92 and has dementia. perhaps someone should check you
Outrageous. The PM has continually undermined any serious brexiter together with pro EU the civil service in tow. The last two Brexit secretaries have confirmed this:
Hard line Brexiteers saying “the Brexit deal” is it not what “the people voted for” is ludicrous. It was an in/out vote. They voted out. There isn’t a magic, secret plan that will make everything lovely. This. Is. It!
National Self Harm Disaster to please rightwing loon xenophobes who prefer their hate to our jobs! Ms May's Brexit deal will cost UK the equivalent of 'losing Wales or the City of London'
Fuck brexit
I was wondering about this....
Are we surprised?
Cyprus blocks EU defence and foreign cooperative role for UK post-Brexit
rubbish. Do you think there was some kind of conspiracy? Do you think the NO campaign foresaw BREXIT? Stop peddling this malicious nonsense
all jeremy has to do is say things like......prime minister your brexit deal will worsen austerity and add to the 120,000 austerity deaths,, more zero hours contracts and plunge the funding starved NHS into further crisis while you carry on your privatization of it...,,,,
A bit of a weird comment. Brexit bill payments, according to Office for Budget Responsibility, could run until 2064. So way after the extension of the transition agreement, which will end at the end of 2022.
Turkeys voting for Christmas! #StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
And now Trump decides to make a Brex-shitshow gueststar appearance... scariest of all, he’s probably right.
The BBC's war with a Brexit protestor just escalated quite... brilliantly
No one believes a word about the fishing policy. Actually no one believes a word TMay has said about the Brexit deal
Nice topical Brexit joke. And Englishman, Welshman and Scotsman walked into a bar. But they all had to go because the Englishman wanted to leave. Boom boom.
At some future point, this tweet should be part of a display to explain Brexit.
I blame Trump. Or Brexit. Or white supremacists...
Oops Theresa, I smell a problem. #Brexit
Tomorrow we detail and the February summit, 's article on American Catholics, Cabinet shakeups, Brexit and more! In the meantime, be sure to pre-order 's new book before it's release tomorrow! Find it here:
Für mich also: Deutschland Vier. Sounds a bit like one of those treacherous foreign beers that we'll soon be saying a hearty British #Brexit 'goodbye' to.
Every child with a parent from one EU and one UK country has since Brexit been made to feel unwelcome in Britain even if they were born here. One of my children had to move schools because of it. That is the Brexit realty not fantasy
Trump's 'economic miracle' unravelling quicker than May's Brexit deal. Well, maybe not quite as quickly as that!
The remain argument is so stupid! ‘People didn’t know what they were voting for’ don’t know about you love but it clearly said ‘to leave or to stay the EU’ how tf do you not know what you voted for. #BrexitDeal #Brexit
This will forever be the legacy of it
It’s a real toss up what is worse, listening to the Brexit debate in the house or Robert Peston summarise on it!!!
So she is off then
Trump warning UK risk trade deal by Brexit agreement. Would that be “back of the queue?” Wonder if Brexiters start squawking about his interference in our affairs ? #stopbrexit
The Death Nail for #TheresaMay ' s #brexit ??
Pretty great -- not perfect, with Brexit threatening to torpedo the economy for a generation, but we're going to try and stop it if we can.
Somebody tell these clowns Tom Bradby and Robert Peston two things: 1. There is nowhere near A Parliamentary majority for a second referendum. 2. Norway is not, I repeat NOT in the Customs Union. Bradby and especially Peston are propagandists for stopping #Brexit. #leave
Is it politically correct for the to allow a bias PoliticalEditor to sew anarchy? It’s bad enough that Britons have an uncertain Brexit deal without Laura Kuenssberg banging on with her personal opinions. Some honest reporting would be refreshing.
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via
You're an even bigger mug if you think your interests will be served by EU 4th Reich.
It's not so awful that Corbyn wouldn't make it worse. If EU would let him. Which they won't. It's May's crappy deal, no deal or no #Brexit. Long past time for Labour to get behind #PeoplesVote.
Treasury won't tell us costs of Theresa May's Brexit
WHOOPS! May’s Brexit Betrayal Exposed By EU Top Boy Barnier -
This is a must read summary of everything Farage. Long but worth it.
No Claire , it’s a dogs dinner that betrays brexit as well you know
#PM's new #Brexit #mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
Bring it on Boris !!weree waiting but it would seem that so many of those elected servants of the people in the Tory party don’t have the integrity to do the right thing
Let's make every one count.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
There's an argument it is politically pointless supporting the Green Party because of the electoral system. Nonsense. Look how much toxicity UKIP has put into the British political air - Brexit included - with that same system. A strong support for Green could cleanse that air.
What you doing meddling in the political affairs of a sovereign nation? Trump supporting Brexit is bad. Barry Odufus rocking up to threaten us was good. Hypocrisy thy name is BBC.. Fek off already..
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
Will Brexit go down in history as the biggest cock up in history since Guy Fawkes realised he had damp matches? What an absolute mess.
Sadly: enough other things will be going on that the isolated effect of Brexit won't be uncontroversially established; Brexiters will blame the fact that 'true Brexit' was never tried and sabotaged by Remoaners.
Ted Heath fooled the country once Theresa May fortunately may not get away with it
New post (British Parliament To Vote On Brexit Deal On December 11: Theresa May) has been published on Daily top pop -
Truth willout. Trump's always said he wants Brexit, so that the USA can get the trade deal it wants with the UK without pesky standards. Putin likes Brexit as well. Doesn't this make leavers think a bit about why that should be?
Farage: May‘s Brexit Like ‘Volunteering for Prison‘ via
Now Trump has said PM's Brexit deal is a bad deal. She is losing her best mate Trump.She nether thought Trump would do a U turn. Now he has will that make her accept now she has made a bad deal and cancel her tour of UK to get backing of her bad deal?
So BREXIT boredom means many may accept Mays Deal "just to get on with it" That's the Big Plan
Bet the same cunts that voted for Anne also voted for brexit. #imaceleb
Hey! #HTML5 #CSS3 #bootstrap #RESPONSIVEWEB #bootstrap4 #PSD #javascript #jQuery #PSDtoHTML #work #PSDtoResponsive #sketchtohtml #code #Sketching #sketch #conversation #100DaysOfCode #100DaysOfMLCode Like this work? contact Us: Thank you!
That #Brexit feeling...
And an correspondent just described the US as 'our closest ally'. Before Brexit, our closest allies were in the EU. We have parted from our true friends and are at the mercy of an indifferent, arrogant narcissist.
May's Brexit Deal: If She Doesn’t Have the Votes, What Comes Next?
Well we may as well stick our heads between our legs and kiss our arses goodbye cos we are f*cked! This brexit shit is worrying.
Didn’t think Brexit would affect the casting of the walking dead #TWD
whats Roman fort got to do with #stalbans remaining!?...im from #Doncaster .roman... Danum .. massive leave town.. clutching at straws a bit there!.#brexit
Come out for a second EU referendum would be risky for Corbyn, but he'd unite his party in a heartbeat. #NewsAtTen #Brexit #BrexitChaos
So that #MaysDODObrexitDeal gets rejected by Parliament, and so that the UK can then go to the 'default' of a #HardBrexit! The laws have already been passed by Parliament, and Hard Brexit is the default position following #NoDeal #PEOPLESvote #FinalSay #FinalSayForALL #WATON
Trump May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #VoteDownTheDeal
Look how #fake and #stagemanaged #TheresaMay is. Dressed in a #UnionJack outfit to give you a #subliminal message #BBC News - #Brexit: #TheresaMay defends #deal amid criticism from MPs
Sod the 'deal', lets just have what we voted for-Brexit.
No one will ever stand up for Teresa May and her stupid Brexit deal , she has belittled herself and the rest of the country if she thinks that we will stand for this.
The latest The Doug Heffernan Daily! Thanks to #brexit #flyeaglesfly
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' - BBC News
Number 10 will love this
Eight Eurosceptic reasons why we should support Theresa May's Brexit agreement via
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Stick to scaring away migrants , The #UK doesn't give a hoot for your opinions.
Sick to death of TV media telling people what they should be thinking about #brexit, then going round trying to report public opinion from people who have all been brainwashed by the TV media spouting their remainder agenda bollocks for months on end.
Theresa May: The Great Surender of the UK's Armed Forces to EU control. Despite Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
...but she did, Freudian slip...
Ham of our constituencies voted leave. You can't have both. Labour Brexit is perfect
#project fear by brexiters, for brexiters.
'There been a distinct diplomatic pattern when it comes to Trump and Brexit,' says . 'He makes an enthusiastic albeit perhaps inappropriate gesture. The British turn him down pat.'
So, little prospect of a deal with the US to fill the gap after Brexit. Well, done May.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal could jeopardize the country’s ability to trade with the US, says US President Donald Trump.
Will MPs vote for #Brexit deal?
Exactly. Cameron wheeled him out and worked him like Archie Andrews.
Will MPs vote for #Brexit deal?
Obviously May is a national disaster with no offer but stubborn racism. But the Brexiters do not get to imagine more unicorns. They've had 2 years / 43 years to do their ****ing homework. Brexit is their fault &amp; their responsibility &amp; the thing they *still* can't describe.
Mike Harding's response to May's letter is brilliant.
"Our #Democracy only works when the official opposition does its job of opposing the government of the day and offers a clear alternative vision for our country, including giving a voice to the voiceless." #PeoplesVote #Remain
Increasingly convinced that #Corbyn is the worst thing that could have happened to #Labour. It has taken the party back decades. Without him we would be having an entirely different conversation about #Brexit.
What a fucking mess
Why do they want a TV debate about Brexit? Unless we're having another people's vote or GE then it's pointless.
Brexit democracy,: lot of Leave voters say ‘Stop complaining, it’s democracy!’ Well democracy doesn’t always work. If five people democratically elect to take your iPhone, it’s a mugging
this is the opposite of how black friday works, you fools
Unfortunately for many people, including &amp; sadly led by May, Brexit has become all about stopping FOM into the UK &amp; creating a hostile environment for anyone 'foreign'. They keep forgetting to mention that they are stopping our FOM into Europe too &amp; media doesn't help clarify.
I am asking my MP Dominic Grieve to #voteItDown End #brexit and let’s #Remain please?
Hey! #HTML5 #CSS3 #bootstrap #RESPONSIVEWEB #bootstrap4 #PSD #javascript #jQuery #PSDtoHTML #work #PSDtoResponsive #sketchtohtml #code #Sketching #sketch #conversation #100DaysOfCode #100DaysOfMLCode Like this work? contact Us: Thank you!
Brexit seems good value for money. Why we no do this years ago. Fuck me min
Sorry thought this was about Brexit.
the only good thing that’s ever gonna come out of Trump &amp; Brexit is when the Horrible Histories lot get to reenact it &amp; reveal it as the grotesque piss pool of a chapter in history to our great grandkids
doesn't wash, the vote was for the duration, same should be for the brexit vote..
Probably because the contracts for those staff are much easier to farm out to their rich donors, e.g. Agency staff for the NHS etc ... anyone not yet realised Brexit gives the Cons a way to inflict much more austerity ..
Corbyn is pro Brexit. Nicola Sturgeon would represent remain eloquently.
Exactly !
maybe its a Brexit thing ! lol
The Mash Report &amp; in fact most of the BBC’s comedy output (mainly on R4) is the only balance they can provide to their pro-Leave stance on shows like Andrew Marr,Question Time &amp; their phraseology in reporting Brexit news. So people complaining about Mash Report bias can go spin.
Do you like Brexit?
...Getting a new leader? I’m the middle of this #brexit mess? What good would that honestly do? And I’m certain whoever would take over wouldn’t do any better in regards to negotiating a better deal. Nope. #ITVNews
So you too is confirming that Leave voters did not vote for the same Leave deal. I've just seen Gove on Sky News and the new Brexit minister are both supporting May's deal. Does that mean that you are not one of the "Will of the People" voters either?
This is some proper Brexit football that Dyche has got Burnley playing. Lump it up to two big men with no legs in midfield to pick up the scraps. #BURNEW
They should have warned us about their being a possible downside to brexit.
I saw fit to attend the debate and made several pertinent interventions, then went to attend a briefing on the Government's Brexit draft deal in one of the Committee Rooms, i.e. doing my job as an MP. The chamber is but one aspect of this job, try enlightening your readers to it.
Bernard Jenkin "The 52 per cent who voted Leave have got to be represented in those [TV] debates. It cannot be polarised between a Remain Labour Party and a Remain Prime Minister who has negotiated a Remain Brexit" via
We all know by now that there is no better Brexit. It's time to stop chasing unicorns and face the reality of the situation. And as I said, I don't see `another kind of politics` in these cynical calculations, only a very dangerous position that risks the livelihood of millions
Wasn't this all predictable? What did the Brexiteers expect? Did they really believe their own hype? We were told this would be easy... It certainly doesn't appear so right now! If ever there were a reason for a referendum, this is it!
Looks like we’re going to have a “How do we stop Corbyn from being PM Brexit”
I liked a video Does Theresa May Trust the EU too much over Brexit?!
Is May Launching a Stealth Campaign for a #Brexit Election?
Is May Launching a Stealth Campaign for a #Brexit Election?
EU endorses Brexit divorce deal but hard work lies ahead - CTV News via
The gift that keeps giving hey?
#England #Wales #NorthernIreland #Scotland #BRexit #UK #UKlaw #UKgenocide #genocide prevention .
Maybe we should Forget Brexit hold onto a strong partnership with the European countries cos we may need them if the super powers turn against us
Something that isn’t Brexit related (though it is made by a mad European and lovely)
None of what they're telling you about Brexit is true
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
He's not wrong.
Don’t get Remainers excited about Brexit all of a sudden now
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! Say no! Reject the deal and #StopBrexit
If you are in any doubt about the reality of *any* Brexit, , then check the economic forecasts of job losses, reduced GDP &amp; reduced tax revenues. This will hurt the weakest most, those that should protect. #peoplesVote #Remain #EU
Over a million Scots, like me, voted for #Brexit. There is no such thing as a "Hard Brexit", there is just Brexit. What we are likely to have, should deal somehow scrape thru Parliament, is #BRINO, highly-destructive of #UK interests short and esp long-term, sadly.
The deintellectualisation of politics and the rise of populism that renders simplistic and frankly poorly thought through ideas to complex issues is what led to #Brexit and Trumpism. But there is always a way reality catches up with fantasy.
"Aside from confirming the SNP’s commanding lead for both Holyrood and Westminster, the poll also shows that Brexit is set to boost support for an independent Scotland."
#Brexit all this needs to end and #TheresaMay needs to step down from office she drunk with to much power!!!
Never thought I’d see the day I agree with Corbyn re comment on Brexit deal being ‘national self-harm’ and the deal is NOT what was promised in the 2016 leaflet!
why does the brexit deal affect any sort of trade deal with the US? Come on Donald do the right thing!
There will be no GE before we Brexit. There are not the numbers in Parl for that. We must stop Brexit to ensure we stop austerity. Brexit by any party in power will guarantee continuing austerity. Stop Brexit &amp; stop Tories. GE &amp; new govt w/out austerity.
Hi #LundyMay. Just to confirm I'm not Bored with Brexit, but I am Bored with You. I do want us to get on with it, "it" being a No Deal Brexit. Hope that clears things up.
How many genders do they have? Are there many gender fluid, non-binary toasters? Are the females fit? Do they identify as female? How are they finding the shambles of Brexit? I need answers over here on planet Earth. #MarsLanding
Amazing care by EU nurses for my baby changed my mind on Brexit
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral This says it all for me about #Brexit
Brilliant
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public
I thank you for saving -the NHS from US insurance company takeover and -my guts from salmonella and chlorinated chicken.
Brexit news: Margaret Thatcher aide blasts Guy Verhofstadt for misquoting her | Politics | News |
You've missed a bit about the backstop you know the one we're nobody wants but it's still there .
Any outcome that leaves us with Brexit means austerity even if the govt is Labour
Corbyn, who wants to plough on with Brexit regardless, criticises May for ploughing on with Brexit regardless. This is a nightmare.
It seems only right that as editor of and - both papers in constituency of #Brexit minister - that we run a poll on PM’s #brexit proposals. So that’s what we will do this week. Now to frame the question
If everyone in the UK had received £1 for every time they'd heard, read or spoken the word Brexit, no one would need to worry about the EU or to ever work again.
Brexit's dead mate. It's a 35 year old carthorse that's just collapsed in the middle of the road.
*Stands for freedom and brexit. Mmmm does he know that brexit takes away freedom.
European leaders met on Sunday to approve UK Prime Minister May's Brexit deal after a year and a half of negotiations. It will face stiff opposition in the British Parliament from the Labor Party, Scottish nationalists, and conservative Torries.
You all got very upset when another American president intervened in Brexit.
“Trump has always been pro-#Brexit. But Theresa May has never been pro-Trump enough to work with him.” via in
must go. for Leader! for Deputy Leader!
Lies Lies Lies why are you saying this when you know its Lies how about you start just for once by telling the truth about the BREXIT deal that the EU have told she has to take is rubbish for the UK
May is about to use a recession-era tactic to push through her Brexit deal – and wreck the Tories...
We must not let TM take down this damaging Brexit road just because we are fed up with the whole mess that she has created #REMAIN
Hague makes some reasonable points very clearly, to be fair.
Yet you did absolutely fuck all when you were brexit minister , pathetic!
It makes me incandescent with rage this whole sorry Tory mess. It’s a disgrace
Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit in hard-hitting letter to minister - Cornwall Live
How much are voters prepared to pay to end Freedom of Movement?
How is it that other EU countries export more outside the EU than we do? The EU has trade deals in place already that will take us years to replace on worse terms. It is #Brexit that reduces opportunity. #PeoplesVote
Check out these 20 things while metal detecting. #brexit #clickbait
Brexit and the DUP: Triumph or disaster?
If the #Brexit deal gets rejected in Parliament, and we hold another Referendum... what do you think the question should be??
Trump is right and he's brilliant and you're a knob.
Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit
Brexit with this contract will make britain a tongueless vasal State!
Trump is never right
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
May is in a corner, surrounded by her lies and the voices in her head reassuringly repeating those lies to only her. If May does go on a tour if the country it should be in a repainted brexit bus with “Liar, Liar, pants on fire” written on the side, with David Cameron driving it!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal via
Fallon come as out against May's deal and the PM raises the spectre of second referendum. Both significant.
I would suggest to the BBC that they should refuse to have a Labour v Conservative All-Brexit debate. The BBC should insist on having pro-Remain/Pro-UK political leaders join the debate. If you are pro-Remain you are for the UK. #PeoplesVote
What is actually bothering you ? It can't be Brexit you voted for that in 2014 , it can't be the poor because you said we can make them poorer for a while after Indy till you're hopes and faith will kick in and make it all better , You are very unhappy Brian .
Cyprus blocks EU defence and foreign cooperative role for UK post-Brexit #cyprus #greece #brexit #brexitdeal #BrexitShambles #StopBrexitSaveBritain #moggmentum #momentum #bbcparliament #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
How about: check out Soveriegn Strategy Ltd? Labour.Tory.Donations.Benefitting from Brexit. But beware litigation threats...
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
My letter to : your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
G+ "Brexit has reached the part of a waterfall software development process where two years in you realise...
Obviously, Theresa May has really struggled with Brexit (to put it politely), but anyone else in the exact same position would have struggled equally. It was a job bound for failure
Reject the Brexit Disaster #stopBrexit
#Brexit A No deal is Chaos being sold by Hard Brexitiers .. You cannot cut off trade just like that... is that what you want ?
Is this actual shrinkage, ie 12 years of continued recession or 12 years of lower growth than we *might* otherwise achieve, but growth all the same. In which case no jobs lost at all?
#SaveBBUK tells sponsors rhey are reaching Americans. this is bigger than brexit. Love you rylan
A GE will change nothing if we still end up with Brexit
World News: British MPs to vote on Brexit deal on December 11th; Trump says Brexit deal ‘sounds great for EU’ but not for UK; Ukraine imposes martial law after Russia seizes naval ships Via
Trident, Brexit, an unjust foreign policy, tax evasion. Damn right we have ‘grievances’
Well, it’s because Brexit is doomed and she’s sufficiently intelligent to know it.
he wants a 'hard' Brexit. He has no idea what that means except that it sounds Tough and Beautiful and his feeders have told him to support BloJo.
Yes but given we import stuff....it is in part how we become £4300 worse off .... point no.2....petrol at the pump would be around a £1 now with no Brexit.....does that make sense now?
Royal College of GPs backs Peoples Vote on Brexit
If Withdrawal Agreement is rejected there's no WA which is no deal, so unless new deal agreed which is unlikely, or MPs vote again a.k.a second vote and approve, you're left with no deal and EU exit March
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I thought that was St Albans on news at 10 talking BREXIT. Everyone seems sick to the back teeth of talking about it. #itvnews #Brexit
there'll be a complimentary bag for everyone, containing a knighthood/damehood, branded No10 pen and notepad, reusable coffee mug and a small tin of travel mints
Perfect timing for the Sandyford Business Community to listen to knowledgeable professionals &amp; discuss Brexit with Senator , MD and Marc Lowry
"Brexit is simply too fundamental an issue to be used by Labour to calculate how to get into power by deliberately enabling chaos." He doesn't care. #NeverForgiveNeverForget
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit is worth it for this.
Rise up, rise up! #PeoplesVote #PeoplePower
It blows my mind that one of the main selling points that the current Brexit deal has to offer is that Britain will be able to negotiate new trade agreements. You mean with the consumate skill and ease with which you negotiated this sham of a Brexit? Honestly, what a waste.
What utter Pish May is talking the majority of folk in the UK want nothing to do with her BREXIT Deal. She will go round the country to hand picked audiences stand their and spot her BS and the little monkeys will all clap when their told to &amp; the MSM will report she has support
So #Brexit was all about being able to be proud to be English according to - not about improving lives just #STOPBREXIT now
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
The brexit debate will have Corbs getting out photos of all his lost loves, and May pulling a knife, I'll share more information as I get it
Theresa May’s Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Jeremy you have to show fantastic leadership skills and race ahead with the rubbish brexit deal. Only chance we have to get you into no 10
But as long as we keep lining the eu pockets it’s ok..... Wake up Britain
Don't be wet, the woman is acting like a dictator. All her way, junking Brexit secretaries, destroying our nation, trashing NI, all in order to remain in the EU. The polar opposite of Brexit!
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
brexit is such a joke i literally laugh every time the news is on
a. After the Brexit referendum and May's treatment of Scotland, has an absolute right to seek a 2nd indyref. In fact its almost certainly in the interests of the scottish people to do so. I say that as a proud Unionist. 1/2
The latest The Kevin Daily! Thanks to #brexit #eco
That ain’t no Brexit
Avoiding a no daal brexit
Brexit: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50 if MPs want to | The Independent
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
I'm ok with it sucking for the UK for a bit. Enough at least to encourage an eventual vote to join the US. We were under one sovereignty once, we can do it again. These days we have planes &amp; internet. Scotland could become it's own state, same with England, N. Ireland etc.
UK one of the biggest losers from the financial crisis - key factor in Brexit
Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs
Signed
. : Eight Eurosceptic reasons why we should support Theresa May's Brexit agreement via
Which frankly in and of itself is disgusting. I mean I didn’t vote Brexit but is that what they think of us?
Should the UK Remain in the EU if the only Alternative is a…
Grassroots anti-Brexit groups urge EU to keep door open for no Brexit
I’m hoping we’ll have a no Brexit. But May won’t get her deal through. Then who knows.
Trump “ I don’t believe in climate change”. “ I don’t believe in Brexit” He probably doesn’t believe in a Mars landing!
Do you live in the blue area?
If brexit would have been as sold to the public, then I would have accepted the result, but now we will be rule takers with no influence. How is that better than what we have now.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
No deal Brexit please
Is that because Theresa wants to be able to say, "you voted for brexit, I have done my best to bring it to you, the EU had accepted my deal, but parliament failed". She wants to be a martyr, politically of course
idk man I think if she truly didn't want Brexit she wouldn't have ignored 700,000 people marching for a People's Vote and she would be advocating for one much more than she is? I get she's the PM and all but there's so much support for a PV in parliament and the tory party
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
UK's May to lawmakers: Brexit deal to be voted on Dec 11 -
If the ft support then we know it's a bad deal #Brexit
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
You would accept a brexit position which is contingent with your view on a new vote. As magnanimous as that is it is not surprising. However we are on the same side as far as Europe is concerned if not on other things.
If wants the British people (never mind ) to support her #brexit deal there is no better way than allowing the people to show their support in a #PeoplesVote. Of course they may utterly repudiate it; but that's democracy for you.
They want him back alright the Clown appears to have sung like a canary. #BBC #JamesBond #MrBean #UKIP #Brexit #TheresaMay #TommyRobinson #UniversityChallenge
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
And a Corbyn Labour govt we would still end up with Brexit. Whats the difference?
Theresa May could be gaming Tory MPs by placing them into a 'prisoner's dilemma', writes expert. #Brexit
Italy May Be A Bigger Test For The EU Than Brexit Is
I also was one of the few who read the impact assessments earlier this year. I must stop making bad choices..
The latest DPS features a chat with the great Leo Panitch about the crisis brewing over Brexit, the failures of SYRIZA, and what this era of neoliberal globalization means for the socialist challenge today.
Your opinion is your opinion. We live in a democracy. As long as you're not rude (which you aren't) or bullying (which you don't) I fail to see why anyone would find that objectionable. Chin up, sweetie.
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Lambs to the slaughter to save TMs neck. The beautiful little lambs are our future and TM is happy to wreck their lives. Time to #RevokeA50Now
Corbyn is clearly stuffing the 80% of Labour Party here &amp; making it absolutely Clear that he wants Brexit to happen, especially for All You workers who will lose your jobs, probably lose house and end up in poverty &amp; Corbyn Leads the Party which historically supported Workers
People’s vote is a sham, a con. It has a single mission , to overturn the referendum result and cancel Brexit. To claim otherwise is to yet again insult the UK people.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
TIME FOR CHANGES NO MORE COMS in the power of Theresa May #Brexit
Excellent find. No wonder people like Branson did not want out of the EU......
Hard to improve on this. MPs are you listening? You -the Conservatives -did this; you -Labour -aided and abetted by doing too little. Forget the whip, the pressure, the referendum decide now whether this is what you want to be part of. Unite for a better future #PeoplesVote
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Another Vince supporter acting like an idiot by saying the most ridiculous thing...room 101 for you fine fellow. BLOCKED.
Brexit is not going to happen. We’re going to have a People’s vote &amp; the majority will now opt to remain.
Will MPs vote for Brexit deal?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The extraordinary blindspot
If Mays deal on #Brexit goes ahead the UK will loose Scotland before 10 years has passed #BrexitShambles
Teresa May and the EU is a total sham! Y’all need to follow through with Brexit and set your selves free! You need to rebuild your grand alliance with the U.S. that the far left liberal looks have worked so tirelessly to destroy!
Play Brexit Minister spot the difference.
Brexit beginning to sound like Hotel California. You can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave #nobackstop
Fully agree, we've got civil unrest and riots to come yet #NoDealBrexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Not sure £39bn is likely to be a cause for starting WWIII but there are a lot of very angry people about after May tries to foist her deal on UK voters
Come on.... they're all as flipping corrupt as each other... sitting in their glass houses... all the same... they will all be fine brexit or no brexit... they don't care about us common folk that it will actually effect... and for the record...I'd prefer him to her anyday!
I would be bored if I was her, she gets left with this shit storm and for some reason no one seems to realise that a brexit with no deal is absolute economic turmoil. IMO we either have another referendum or get a Norway style deal but, a no deal brexit is simply not an option
He says this as if it is a bad thing. #brexit
So let me understand this correctly. The EU has agreed on the UK’s Brexit deal, which the EU basically wrote. Have I misunderstood that?
Is a renewed/reversed Opium War the solution to Brexit woes?
You spelled ‘lost’ wrong
Brexit deal: Theresa May’s agreement with EU ‘will cost UK £100bn every year by 2030’ A new report claims the deal would be the equivalent of each British person losing £1,000 a year for over a decade
And how will that be possible when,after deadlock,there's a 2nd EUref and we Remain....Sturgeon left high and dry,looking like an idiot for attaching Indyref2 to Brexit? Can never happen,chance squandered!
Such a Twat
To be fair whatever deal Theresa May came up with can almost guarantee the reaction would be exactly the same, she is essentially the scapegoat for everyone who is annoyed that the people of the UK decided to leave the EU #brexit
'They' have to be the most braindead bunch. It's like watching a long repeat. There'll be interventions by 'experts' &amp; 'World respected' plonkers any minute now. This time it's up to MP's though. WE ARE RELIANT ON YOU LOT HAVING &amp; STICKING SOLIDLY TO YOUR PRINCIPLES FOR TWO WEEKS
Succinct. To the point. Correct.
Latest News: Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal The US president says the Brexit agreement is "great for the EU". 2018-11-26 22:10:55Z
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
1. Trump’s approval is 38% 2. 25% of Americans do not have Internet 3. 9% of Americans do not have high school diploma, 38% have never attended college 4. yes we temporarily have Trump but we do not have Brexit - cheers mate
Resident is complicit, not distracted. It's the _rest_ of the government distracted. (And the UK by brexit.)
If Gove can pull this off, he will have redeemed himself, I reckon. If we can't actually just call the whole thing off, EFTA is probably our best bet.
"People are saying to me - 'just get on with it'..."
Theresa May’s new Defence Policy under #Brexit
Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day ! - a must-hear song FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! March 29 is in the future. But will be an irreversible Yesterday - if we don't stop this dumb tragedy! Find the song Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day on: Google YouTube Spotify etc
Pitching an idea to RTÉ: Brendan O'Neill is marooned on a desert island and quickly descends into barbarity &amp; cannibalism. But the kindly natives take pity &amp; teach him how to make fire, which he rejects in favour of the great god brexit who lives in the sky... (to be continued)
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
“ #WinterisComing but it won’t stop the #Migrants “ towing the party line with the divisive tribalist communication style has preferred since her time as Home Secretary. Forgotten working classes + poison rhetoric = Brexit + Hate Crime #Shame
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
May debate Corbyn? Remember General Election - it’s not a one woman show! We already debated in 2016 ad nauseam. Change Leader now, and deliver our Brexit for which we voted #Fight4Brexit
Oh super
Those poor folk who said “Obama says ‘back of the queue’? Haha! He won’t even be the President!” #brexit
Brexit: Trump hints May’s Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
About as pointless as the Cameron/Osborne Project Fear Roadshow.
EU has 0% tariffs on everything but arms, for most of Africa. It's amusing that people supporting the famously racist Brexit campaigns are lying to try and make a case about helping developing nations.
as my MP I am asking you to vote against anything that means leaving the EU. Please x
shits on when it comes to balanced #Brexit reporting.
Easier, I’ve heard..
The orange thingy grunts . . . #Brexit
Could? Brexit is going to strip her rights to live, study and work in any of the other member states. Add to that every study showing an economic downturn, only the length differs, and the concessions we'd have to make on a US trade deal and it paints a very bleak picture
The one benefit of May's Brexit deal?
so we can't have a No Deal Brexit because the French and Dutch are not ready? What a load of rubbish!
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump via
Dump Brexit! Had enough! Remain and stay prosperous !
Vince Cable - the leader of the party that quickly shafted students and LGBT people while initially calling for an EU referendum - has missed important Brexit votes while also so happy to bring austerity on the UK's poorest. Fuck whatever that twat thinks, you FBPE-cultist moron.
Corbyn tells May to ‘bring it on,’ as PM considers live TV debate on her Brexit deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Fascinating lecture at #hackingenquiry #LevesonLecture2018 by tonight on how 30 years of media lies helped poison the population about the #EU and bring about #Brexit
how will you be voting in light of the proposed brexit deal?
What starts like a bad joke ends badly and without laughs. Great explanation Dmitry, as ever. If anything good comes from this whole Brexit drama it is that I know infinitely much more about FTA's, WTO, EU, etc. now than 3 years ago.
The perfect shirt for a hard #Brexit.
no chance
OK. Why didn't they want to leave before 2015? I mean, with that sort of passion in the Country it would seem insane for a political Party not to take advantage of that, in fact any party that stood on a Brexit platform must have been a shoe-in eh? oh.
We are walking away leaving billions in infrastructure, equipment etc. You can say we should be honourable but the EU are not honourable with Britain so we should take the gloves off and do a Gina Miller throw brexit to the courts we would walk away and pay hardly anything.
What does the Orange guy know? I call this just another News Opt for the Orange dude.
Nobody wins. Literally nobody wins.
So basically we have 3 #brexit options - disaster with no deal, disaster with Mays deal and common sense to realise it was a stupid idea in the first place
That ain’t no Brexit
Thank fuck.
It's not a "controversial notion",it's a lie.
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
via Why Donald Trump thinks the Brexit deal is no good for US-UK trade
Hutcheon isn't thick. He knows why this response has happened. My argument would be "sorry Scotland, but you voted for this in 2014. We're not cleaning up your mess any more."
I watch prices like a hawk &amp; feel a target of these price rises. Watching all the prices rise in line with each other is more than frustrating. Don’t know if it’s Brexit or not. Probably just simple profiteering. At the expense of CP &amp; our patients.
There are just too many #Politicians trying to cover themselves with glory over this #Brexit/Remain situation.
While I agree with you in principle, if that's being linked with a "Brexit dividend" then there isn't going to be one. The error is "Labour have talked about (it)" linked with a promise by Jeremy Corbyn. Also a fact check that spells "money""many"...
Did you suggest that when you were the non travelling Brexit minister. Your critical comments make headlines but why didn't you sort it?
Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal
Trump should negotiate Brexit. We'd get a very good deal!
Labour keen on getting the deckchairs arranged correctly but don't worry about that big, white icy thing thing we're about to hit.
More and more evidence is gathering regarding the conspiracy against Brexit. For example -
Andrew can ride i the car with me.
We don't need years of Brexit crap, we voted leave 2 years ago and everyone I know that voted leave including myself just want to leave on WTO terms and no 'divorce' payment of billion that we don't owe. There is a whole world that wants to do business to us.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
December 11th is my birthday and no Brexit would be the best present ever
Please speak for yourself on Brexit position...." No one actually wants to Leave now really"....you may find that millions of people disagree with that statement. But I respect your view, It's not about leave or remain, it's about the deal now in my view.
Notice how they make sure Noel Edmonds is in the jungle when it comes down to deal or no deal. #Brexit #NoelEdmonds
Brexit screws the poor and the destitute yet Labour supports it
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade — World Business on BBC Sounds (BBCWorldBiz) November 26, 2018
I thought they did invite you but you have a prior engagement to set up another party so you can leave the Fib Dems who were the party who are against Brexit and got annihilated in the polls during the G.E.
Seems like its mostly #Brexit fans and Tory voters who can no longer defend their favourite party who are the folk that mostly go, "lets just get on with it and fed up with Brexit."
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn debate their completely different approaches to #brexit
New post (May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump) has been published on Parsian English News -
Yup - the blame game will surely start - in the US it is all about the so-called non-existent 'deep state' so assume that is coming in the UK. They will never admit they needed experts as they were totally clueless all along just as the experts said..
I think we know members opposed benefit cuts, the Iraq war etc. There's lots of evidence on this. On Brexit, members overwhelmingly backed policy at conference which Jeremy is following.
This reply to May’s “Begging Letter to The Nation”,has probably been read by more people than hers has,&amp; more of us probably agree with it too!
Are you suggesting that the BBC isn’t totally even handed on Brexit?
Great read
Why wait? By keeping her in Downing Street, all we achieve is the loss of precious time we need to start a real and practical path to Brexit under a new PM. It's folly.
If this deal gets through parliament it would be devastating for our country. No deal brexit might be the more expensive option on the table but it would be worth every penny. is right this deal only works in favour of the EU.
Why do you portray her as the enemy I hate everything Brexit the whole idea it's been an obscene pantomime but to portray May as the villain is ludicrous we have a pro Brexit opposition leader and Johnson, DUP Mogg supporters club derision where deserved.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May needs Parliament’s support for her Brexit deal. The math isn’t in her favor.
"A no deal Brexit would be expensive and would be chaotic because of everything we need to get done" I don't think anyone who voted Brexit thought it wouldn't be a horrible time financially, but I believe that if we all get our heads down, we can survive a no deal Brexit.
New post (PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says) has been published on Daily top pop -
Stuff Christmas presents, best thing that could happen in the next few weeks is a no deal for #Brexit
Quite - Brilliant #Patriot !
So the same people who have mocked through out his presidential term are now holding him up as a leading light on his insight into the #brexit deal
I am not bored with brexit. I am totally bored by smug publicity seeking pug ugly politicians. Sorry no punctuation marks there!
The BBC no longer allows non-scientists on their programmes who spout this tripe. We Brits are stupid (see Brexit) but we know that these climate change deniers are in the pay of someone.
Shock, politician lies I bet he also would sell his granny You wonder why politicians are considered the lowest of the low by the public. #brexit process proves why politicians and civil servants are self serving scumbags
Neither one of them. They should both go now.
"a sailors salute to you and your squalid Brexit, your shabby xenophobia and Little Englander mentality." Well said - my sentiments exactly.
Well.. Fuck you and fuck you #PeoplesVote
James Brokenshire, what planet are you on? This deal states in Black &amp; White, why it doesnt deliver Brexit. Have you not read it or do you not understand it. People are pissed off with those who blatently lie thinking none understands words or grammar. Shame on you
Trump says that the brexit deal is good for EU but bad for UK-US trade. With allies like that who needs enemies, eh prime minister
First Brexit, then Trump, now this. Holy shitballs.
Was it from Jeremy Hunt?
#England #Wales #NorthernIreland #Scotland #BRexit #UK #UKlaw #UKgenocide #genocide prevention #worldnews .
Polling that captures voting intention does say majority of Labour voters so not nonsense. Depends if his dilemma is *getting power at all costs* or *acting to stop Theresa May driving the country off a cliff* I think he's only concerned with the former and quite likes brexit
Regardless of your Brexit view, no patriot, especially a Conservative could support such a deal. That MP's are trading the prospect of a title before the national interest is deplorable and brings our faith in politicians to a new low.
Everyone that cares about the future of the U.K. needs to sign this petition. We don’t need a deal, most of the world trades under WTO rules, they make trade agreements as and with who they want to each other’s benefit. It’s simple!!!
To all Prime Ministers, Sun leader writers, #Brexit voters: please stop talking about the 'vast sums' we're sending to the #EU. It isn't true. It's 3.7% of annual UK spending, and a lot of it comes back. Depressing that simple facts like this didn't convince voters 2 years ago.
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Square root of France
Really worth the read!
What fantasy nonsense are you referring to ? Brexit ?
Both in the Mail so to me, bollocks and staged!
3 But before any of that, there's the vote on Dec 11. Lose that and brexit gets a lot more real. We need total co-operation to reject
Meanwhile....back in the magical Land of #Brexit... #StopBrexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
BBC News - Could there be a second Brexit vote?
May needs to decide who she supports. UK or EU. Can't be both.
Brexit is dividing families!! Whatever happens it will probably effect less than 5% of the UK population. Politicians have enjoyed their 15 mins of fame. Keep writing the great books - it’ll prob effect our lives more than Brexit ever will
It’s clear that didn’t understand a word....
Gove is not parliament, government is not parliament,brexit minister is not parliament. It is upto parliament not government or ministers.
Mark Francois MP, sadly my MP, repeatedly uses military tinged inflammatory words like "surrender" when promoting his ERG Brexit view but forgets the devastating impact a loss of jobs caused by Brexit will bring to many constituents. His priority is ideology. #brexit
We’d love your company for tonight’s View from Stormont at 10.45. Arlene Foster has more on that weekend RHI apology. Plus loads more on Brexit from those in favour and those against.
I don’t feel sorry for her but Cameron started it and got out of town, she voted against Brexit and has to sort out a deal, she’s been stitched up by her own party but we will all pay the price
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Never mind Thatcher on the back of the £50 note. If May gets her brexit deal, her face will be on the back of the €5 note.
Well worth a minute’s watch for a sober and articulate summary from the man who wrote Article 50 in the first place...
I'm totally confused about Brexit, and so are you. If you say otherwise, I don't believe you. I'll watch the die roll, and cross my fingers. That's all we plebs can do.
Seems only thing they could trade come out a head would be trade Muslims ! Maybe rent-a-shithole crew out !
Project Fear eh? We have said for years now Trump would not deal with the UK if he can deal with the whole EU. Trump is idiot scum but predictable he will always go for biggest in everything Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
Priti Patel MP discussing the Brexit agreement on Sky News
Well said Mike Harding!
Anyone having any doubts about May's disastrous Brexit plan MUST read this informative Spectator article by: Martin Howe, which gives an insight into the legal implications of her proposed deal. Here's the link: A must read as a counter to May's lies
evian spelt backwards is naive.
Brexit=Austerity
You have to make good on your commitments , tough if you don’t like it, but then again you know this, but keep stirring up the sheep and keep the brexit media gravy train going. The longer you can spin this out, the better for you when it all goes wrong, even Raab at it now.
I'm confused as hell. Guardian + Independent total. BBC + Mirror per year. I posted above with screen shots. This would be the perfect disinformation hack, the bots are busy. Brexit - a masterclass in economic self harm
Yes, let’s go for SLAB (snakes and ladders Brexit)
No deal will not happen. Back this deal and that is what you will get. Only way to stop Brexit is to oppose it.
Those fighting to change Corbyn's mind from within? Not sure it's going to happen in time
Brexit deal: Theresa May’s agreement with EU ‘will cost UK £100bn every year by 2030’ Theresa May’s proposed Brexit deal could leave the UK £100 billion poorer every year by 2030, according to a new report.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Brexit innit
Great thread
Brexit deal is like trading your car in for an old banger because someone said you’d be better off and you believed them.
Can't help thinking if we'd bailed Trump out of a few bankruptcies as the Saudis did, he'd find a way to support Brexit.
It's a complete charade - both of them want #Brexit Who will represent the best interests of the UK and the 56% of the population who now want to stay in the EU? #PeoplesVote
OMG I feel much better about the post Brexit sex starvation crisis now, knowing it wouldn't tempt blokey to try it.
Meet MPs bidding to vote down #Brexit deal
Please chip in......
Brexit latest: Theresa May to spend next fortnight fighting to persuade MPs to back her divorce deal via
When, oh, when, are you going to address the elephant in the room? Corbyn and his failure to oppose Brexit.
NASA Mars probe: “I’ve just landed. Incredible! Huge flat plain. Brown surface. Atmosphere 96% carbon dioxide... And no one talks about Brexit” #MarsLanding
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump Think you can forget holding hands again Mr Trump
i think brexit has confused him
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
Is this #ProjectFear V2.0. I mean just let’s stop with all the nonsense!! #No deal Brexit SHOCK: UK could 'run out of CLEAN drinking water' if Britain crashes out | UK | News |
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade - Reuters- I’m sure it will. The EU masters will not let us trade with anyone
How will your MP vote on Theresa #May's #Brexit deal?
There’s little doubt that #nodeal in the #Brexit process would lead to chaos. Additionally, it’ll cost the nation a fortune and we’ll be so significantly worse off you can forget extra investment in NHS, education, armed forces etc etc. Catastrophic wouldn’t be too strong a word.
Curiously, in car manufacturing, the reciprocal acknowledgment of approval need to be achieved to trade, similar to medicine licensing I assume? Need more regulatory framework experts on both sides to smooth the transition.
Even this stupid sod thinks it's a bad deal.
The Brexit referendum result still stands I believe. So no, your fact is not interesting at all.
Brexit is just a pawn. In 3-5 years, if the UK thrives, other countries will leave the EU. Phase 3, the EU collapses and America reigns supreme.
EU gave us tough brexit deal to play hardball &amp; put off other countries leaving European Union
Yay. Another supporter of English Independence. It’s time for them to stand on their own two feet.
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal The US president say
Yep. I said that, here, in August. Everybody laughed. Well, all three people who read it laughed. And my mother always laughs at my stuff.
No doubt about it if PM lost vote over her Brexit Plan she'd have to step down. But with #400RemainiakMPs on hand it's as good as a #NodandaWink to wave it through with 17.4 million #VotersBetrayed
Bollocks
what are you doing to this country...this plan is disastrous
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade
A no deal Brexit would mean no ECHR. Tories would be responsible for all of our human rights. #BrexitDeal #qanon
My argument is Johnson, Gove and Farage led the Brexit campaign under the pretence of ‘if you vote Leave, X will happen’ as if they were dealing in facts, which, in my opinion, sealed the win, because voters were given the illusion of certainty.
I agree with this. My MP sure won't get my (our) vote ever again if he supports Brexit in any fashion.
After brexit: Britain is no sovereign country anymore
Play on a loop outside Parliament!
The #POTUS is correct. This deal is in favor of one side - the EU empire builders.
The time for constructive ambiguity on this issue is surely past.
Chequers stopped it dead in its tracks IIRC:
We were promised grass stewing austerity even if we voted to leave so we were warned by the experts. With respect I think a bit of candour is in order, the calls for a 2nd vote are only about overturning Brexit
If nothing else, this shows that Brexit is very much not a done deal.
Sadly, Brexiters don’t care. They don’t get the concept of society, unless there’s something in it for them.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
the UK’s largest single trading partner is the EU, not the US..... Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Bored of Brexit? #BOB Well exit from Brexit now! Bin it!! Tell your MP you want a #PeoplesVote with an option to Remain!
Why Theresa May’s Brexit deal deserves support via
It's bollocks, of course!
I would just like to say I'me not happy and I agree with Donald Trump. This Brexit deal is great for the EU and terrible for the UK. The EU gets everything they want and we get nothing. Where worser off than if we had stayed in the EU. I would actually say I still support Brexit
#Brexit *shudder*
You are absolutely deluded ..you kissed Obama arse when he interfered and offered zero. Trump.believes in Brexit. And would deliver on a deal
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Here's you Brexit, in Reality, Tory Parasite, and he's far from alone.
What a right comment!
Martina Anderson 159,813 first-preference votes.
#CorbynMustGo Get rid of Caveman Corbyn now or you may as well just pack up politics and do something else - Vegetable gardening in Islington for instance. No more time for you. Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Brexiteers complaining about the poor Brexit deal: thank you for finally paying attention, but please note this is the best Brexit deal available. The only other better option is to call the whole thing off.
Is Theresa May the most despised PM of modern times. ? There are I guess many contenters but for simplicity please choose below and tweet with alternatives. #Brexit
Even a stopped clock?
Donald always wanted a no deal he hates EU and he can't play the special relationship game and manipulate the leaders of Europe and England
In July 2017 President Trump delivered his assessment on May's #Brexit negotiations with the EU “I would have done it much differently. I actually told Theresa May how to do it but she didn’t agree, she didn’t listen to me” And our Prime Minister still hasn't learned her lesson
A great lesson here for many ....
Anyone having any doubts about May's disastrous Brexit plan MUST read this informative Spectator article by: Martin Howe, which gives an insight into the legal implications of her proposed deal. Here's the link: A must read as a counter to May's lies
should have asked the greens blocking traffic to get 5 quid of each driver so they could pass
Because for so long the British press and populists like farage told them all our problems were created by EU.
No Brexit is a binary issue. Brexit is a Tory Austerity project you are either with it or against it
UK's May to lawmakers: Brexit deal to be voted on Dec 11 #UK #Brexit #Dec #socialnewsxyz
Hey! #HTML5 #CSS3 #bootstrap #RESPONSIVEWEB #bootstrap4 #PSD #javascript #jQuery #PSDtoHTML #work #PSDtoResponsive #sketchtohtml #code #Sketching #sketch #conversation #100DaysOfCode #100DaysOfMLCode Like this work? contact Us: Thank you!
Any mention that he should be in The Hague being tried for war crimes? I’m guessing not.
Theresa May is attacked from all sides over her Brexit deal, and they can’t be all wrong.
Totally agree but Brexit alone is enough to send a woman to the drinks cabinet.
Take £100bn and divide it by the UK population, and that's much worse off each person in the would be ... each year.
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
And she would love for Corbyn to show his hand on brexit so she could use it against him in the election run up, but I think he is far too clever to fall for that.
Pirómano con cerillos en la mano: May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
What a bloody nerve. The true position is the exact opposite. Is there no lie this disgusting woman will not sink to?
The sooner Theresa May is got rid of the better, she has made a total mess of #Brexit. As for ? I only wish he were in charge of negotiations - #Brussels and the EU would be annihilated.
#Brexit deal. STILL ONLY £39BILLION!!!!! . Backstop supplied free!! Cut out the coupon for a signed photo of Michel Barnier
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Donald Trump: Brexit Agreement Is 'Great Deal For EU' - THE LIGHTHOUSE CHRISTIAN FORUM
I’d say on a list of top 10 reasons people voted brexit, immigration would be No10 or 11.... absolutely clueless Deal, due to arrogant remainers in government &amp; remainer PM failing to actually listen to why their constituents voted leave
If Brexit means a return to blue passports, incandescent light bulbs, &amp; imperial weights &amp; measures, the millennials will implode
I mean he also said this today: #Trump #Brexit
Good coverage of EU environmental grp advocacy on with . “Brexit risks “punching a huge whole in the middle of the biogeographical region” says of Those of us on the island of Ireland know this all too well
#UKIP New Brexit spokesman fresh out of jail says:
#Brexit divisions in a nutshell
Better off in than Theresa May's deal I'd agree. That's because it's not #Brexit It it were, #BetterOffOut
The broadcasters are colluding with the Quislings. The f*cking village idiot could screen out the backgound. I'll do it for 1% of Lineker's ludicrous salary .
Is this what brexit is all about?
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of #Brexit #medicine – cartoon
A really hood read!PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
Oh my. This is too good. #PeopesVote
Carlo was saying the interesting point is, how both America + Australia have refused to sign this UN immigration. Yet #British politicians are contented to sign up. Despite them all agreeing, immigration was a reason why so many people voted #Brexit.
A man proudly displaying his British Empire title denounces an Irish woman as a terrorist. The I-R-O-N-Y
everybody still seems to be claiming that the Brexit deal is the end. But they forget that it’s only a Transition Deal controlling how the transition works during it. After that during the transition the negotiations start on the final long term post Brexit Deal which
A great defender of Europe
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe - The Guardian via
Perhaps best not tor rely on ‘the special relationship’ to bale us out... Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Possibly Brexit mate?
Donald Trump is backing a Brexit No Deal. There is money to be made in screwing Britain and working for Putin. What's Theresa Mays reason...the same? #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit It's the only way to save Great Britain from the entitled, powerful, rich folks who want to own it.
He’s for ever being caught with dubious people on camera in a restaurant having “met by chance”.
Great day with and speaking to and to ensure young people's voices are heard in #Brexit #YouthVoice
I'm surprised you say that. On our weekend stalls the most hardened Leavers always cite immigration as the reason for voting Brexit (but they seem to mix up EU/non-EU). Issues like trade, ECJ &amp; sovereignty not such visceral drivers (own trade deals only 9% of Leave motivation).
Too true it's brexit or nothing ,the country gone to ruin #brexit
People always liked to be asked. Brexit’s going so well you have nothing to fear from #PeoplesVote
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
On Friday and Saturday Spain were threatening not to sign the brexit deal over Gibraltar. Then it went all quiet, thecdeal signed and now in Madrid they’re claiming a victory? I wonder what concessions May made this time, as it’s not been reported?
Spain-
FTFY: Corbyn is NOT a socialist. Let's support the facsist Brexit and endorse tory Brexit government removing workers righst based on a criminal fraud for 2 years - said no socialist ever! Male Katy Hoye Corbyn is labour party traitor endorsed by BNP &amp; Breitbart for gawd sake!
EU must be happy. They only want to destroy and subjugate and emasculate the UK. At any other time this move to annex whole parts of UK would be an act of war.
This lady is right, the Tories totally failed to get a real brexit deal, and if this one is passed, it'll blacken their name for a generation!
What on earth are you talking about? Remainers should say what their Brexit should be? What on earth?!
And thanks for her Deal that left youths Generation will have to pay for it.
Sorry to say she's a 2faced lying trollop, with no loyalty to British Brexit voters ,I would sooner trust a rattlesnake than her .
Trump: UK May Not Be Able To Trade With US Under Theresa May's Brexit Deal
Mrs May has returned from the Brussels bunker with a piece of paper, the Brexit Appeasement. She was too decent and frankly not 'man' enough to stand up to those wily unfriends of Britain. Trump is right. It's great for those in the New Versailles.
how an earth can you say No deal would be chaos and expensive, you have absolutely no proof of that but you still feel you have the right to say it on national tv. £39 billion for diddly squat is expensive. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
Haha, brilliant #thread
Yet you people think that Brexit will be a TITANIC success!
He's behind in virtually every polls both in terms of Labour winning power or him being seen as PM - against *this* government. How's that brexit ambiguity working out for him atm?
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
A fresh BREXIT vote is required to address the confusion. At least this time, people would better understand the implications of leaving, instead of being sold a half-baked proposal with half-truths.
Only if by the usual suspects you mean Putin, who has a pattern of invading neighbours while the wirld is distracted by other crises. Like Syrian refugees (created by Russian military support); Brexit (supported by Russian $ and disinformation) etc.
You know what to do fellow Patriots: "Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate?" via
Anyone having any doubts about May's disastrous Brexit plan MUST read this informative Spectator article by: Martin Howe, which gives an insight into the legal implications of her proposed deal. Here's the link: A must read as a counter to May's lies
Brexit-stemming Brits parlement gepland op 11 december via #catering #culinair
It's 3.9% by 2030, and it's not "Will" but "Could" because it's a prediction not a fact, you absolutely clueless fucking mental.
Mark Francois MP, repeatedly uses military tinged inflammatory words like "surrender" when promoting his ERG Brexit view but forgets the devastating impact a loss of jobs caused by Brexit will bring to many of his constituents. His priority is the ideology. S Reed Chair #brexit
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
All the more reason for Brexit then lmao
She is putting the whole future of the UK at jeopardy!
It's because we're devided! Brexit was a mistake that should never have happened!
Me too. That was my point with the name. Brexit is just about the most unbelievably lame Selfish Little English things to do. It's a skidmark on history. I don't understand why it's happening when everyone knows the best deal is what we already have. #BrexitIsBonkers #FinalSay
If there is another referendum, I probably won't vote, and don't know when I'll ever vote again. The vote should be respected. BTW, I voted remain. #sorelosers #respectthevote #brexit
Errrr it’s called democracy and crashes your stupid hairbrained and ill-thought through campaign called Brexit. Simples.
Agreed. No deal, here we come. Or as its otherwise called, an actual #Brexit
There is no queue. I am sure that news of Scotland's potential release from the ravages of Brexit must severely disappoint you.
Not at all. Brexit is on life support, about to join the choir invisible. Once it does, we can get back to business again. I wouldn’t leave if I were you. As Wodehouse said - you don’t laugh much when you’re alone!
I wonder how many actually turned up!
Lammy got his pal Diane Abbot to do the maths for him
So French President Macron sets out EU position, if you want a trade deal then we want access to UK waters for #Fishing , otherwise you stay in Customs Union. So all you fishermen who voted for #Brexit you are going to be sold down the river, that's politicians for you.
Yes but US not a stable trading partner under damaging many UK biz with his China Trade Wars.
Tom Peck Theresa May's #Brexit deal was torn apart by MPs, for a third time
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
...possibly paying farmers as good land stewards is in the Brexit dialogues
Yes - quite right - #RevokeA50
Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
This nightmare of a Brexit deal is the best they could do. And once we're out, there's no guarantee that we can do better than what we have now. You're relying on the people who couldn't give you the deal you wanted to negotiate the deals you say will fix everything. Madness.
If we worried what the general public thought we'd have Brexit on our hands. Let's just hope Tay doesn't listen to the masses either and never runs out of fishnets.
Theresa May is either the most unaware and delusional politician of all time or she is playing an absolutely blinder in making sure Brexit appears to be the absolute mess it is while simultaneously appearing to be a nasty Tory. I’m fucked if I know!
There’s no denying that Theresa May’s letter appealing for the nation to unite around her Brexit deal has not had the response she had hoped for. But...
The latest I Love Rottweiler Puppies Daily! Thanks to #brexit #healthylife
Well, lads, we had a good run.
No, the only way is to actually deliver the brexit that was voted for, not this sham of a deal
She`s using a anna soubry line , if she`s that bored not saying back chequers or no deal wto and out ? She says could be no brexit at all or her lasted stupid statement start back at square one = EU closed the books on talks so be hard re open that Failed route = WTO
Hands up if, at first glance, you too assumed this was about Brexit
I think Bob "bored of brexit" Seely might be regretting his childish flippancy.
Hey! #HTML5 #CSS3 #bootstrap #RESPONSIVEWEB #bootstrap4 #PSD #javascript #jQuery #PSDtoHTML #work #PSDtoResponsive #sketchtohtml #code #Sketching #sketch #conversation #100DaysOfCode #100DaysOfMLCode Like this work? contact Us: Thank you!
What the hell is going on with this world. We don't need comedians anymore as long as we have these clowns
#Breaking Donald Trump: Theresa May's Brexit deal could harm UK trade with US
Brexit deal is a lose for somebody... a lot of people. If you go the Norway route then freedom of movement is in place and brexiteers will hate it. If you go no deal then remainers gonna castrate you. Think I am just gonna enjoy some icecream
The Hills are alive with the sound of Brexit
It should have been obvious at the point that May handed over £1bn to NI that the DUP should have been sent to negotiate Brexit instead of herself.
Send in the Fox
You may enjoy this x So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Not a good look! Stopping Brexit is the priority!! &gt;&gt; Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
As usual trust Hard Left Labour look through the wrong prism! Better to judge panelists as hard or soft Remainers and Leavers rather than party labels which in Brexit are meaningless! Since when was Trevor Phillips a Tory? Guess not being a Trot must be the reason?
William Hague: Why I would vote for Theresa May's Brexit deal. Read his full column here:
And it will be Anna's fault - she is the poster child for this
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I thought the suggestion was to have a Brexit discussion, not a look at May's domestic policies? I'm not interested in watching "PMQs - the Director's Cut (with perviously unseen footage)". It's unseen for a reason...
Good coverage of EU environmental grp advocacy w/ . “Brexit risks “punching a huge whole in the middle of the biogeographical region” says of Those of us on the island of Ireland know this all too well
BBC News - Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' He said he didn't think May meant to make a deal that would stop the UK &amp; US trading ! In reality, she was directed to do just that, just to fcuk us up even more. Trump knows the score.
Compare the honesty and positive vibes from with the lies and defeatism of . Jacob would be a fine PM. #brexit #imaceleb #Strictly #Conservatives
I want to personally thank you Donald for the criticism of Mays Brexit deal, not only are you the President of the United States, you are a very clever business man, that's why America is booming, a businessman is running the country, May needs to wise up fast!!
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
If you’re a Journalist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in the South East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Support the voters Brexit mandate, Leave means LEAVE! Not pay billions to leave. Nigel Farage: May's Brexit deal the worst deal in history via
First half of the video sums up the idiocy of brexit supporters. Total lack of any intelligence on the matter. Painful to watch. #Brexit
Exactly what I thought. Brexit, too has Europe busy. He’ll do much more and soon. Trump needs to slam him now.
Why does our #Brexit deal mean when we might not be able to secure a trade deal with the #USA? ( not that I want Lucky Charms or the selling off of our NHS), but is there a clause some where that keeps us tied up to trading within EU regs only and not with the rest of the world?
It's not a question of belief in doomongering, the serious point today is that we now know we're being led by cowardly dimwits through a minefield, over a tall cliff &amp; into an ocean of boiling oil. These pillocks are more likely to lead us to oblivion than prosperity. #Brexit
GOLDMAN SACHS: Feuding UK politicians aren't united enough to torpedo Theresa May's Brexit deal (via )
The government’s problem, surely, is the less attractive voting against the deal looks to Leavers, the more attractive voting against the deal will look to Remainers.
Long past time. we should have rebelled a year ago, when it was becoming obvious she had no will to even try to deliver Brexit.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
good old Jeremy always missing the point
Theresa May plans to go over MPs’ heads to win support for her Brexit deal
The backstop will be used to threaten us into giving up any advantage in any area of defence, law, trade and commerce. This is a bad deal that will lead to an unequal international treaty.
"May implies that limping over the exit line is the end, but in reality it’s the starting gun for interminable years of brain-aching trade talks that cover virtually every important aspect of British life, played with a miserable hand."
Hard to take the "take back control" narrative seriously when people are actually denied control of their own destiny.
The EU is destroying Europe. It will go down in history as the cause for the down fall of Germany, France and the UK.
well thats it , its baws deep brexit.
And you should read up on how the EU makes agreements. You like Brexit so much that you would ruin the UK, just to stick it to the Remainers? Pathetic.
U.K. currency flat after Brexit accord reached
The BBC's War With A Brexit Protestor Just Escalated Quite... Brilliantly
. looks so sad, and possibly even self-aware. Does she think historians will appreciate her fortitude? Or damn her as a Chamberlain, Eden, or worse? #maybot #brexit
As a believer in democracy , can we count on your vote to reject the Brexit deal on the table in line with you constituents wishes?
Not the British, Just this psychotic remainer EU puppet the Tory party installed to undermine our country's democratic vote and derail Brexit.
Morgan origanaly said she’d vote for Nays deal there as two faced hypocrites the majority off them , to gain there own career they give our Sovereighty away . Lord bring on the GE let’s get this Tory Lot our self serving traitors . Resign May The Traitor
BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
You'll of course remember Obama suggesting, about Brexit, that the UK would be 'at the back of the queue? Or is this a convenient oversight?
Finally the good people of France have risen up to take pressure off the brexit situation... thankyou so much guys! Xxx
Scheming duplicitous bastards!! May they rot in Hell!
Best deal for the UK with the EU is no deal! Then UK can get a good deal with our friend &amp; ally USA. The EU will then beg for a deal on our terms... Trump: May's deal 'sounds great for EU' #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitBetrayal #Trump #May #UK #EU #USA
You have to wonder what on earth is the point of pursuing your action when the chances of getting the sort if declaration you want are so low. Your case is more likely to do harm rather than good. via
OK, let's nail this down. We live in an era where UK politicians on both side have realised that 'norms' don't actually mean anything, and that they can brazen anything out that doesn't involve legal remove from office or handcuffs. Given that, May is more than correct.
I added a video to a playlist Raw Politics: May sells Brexit deal, Ukraine-Russia and womens rights
President Trump can't tell the truth about why he left Rememberance in France was it the rain or was it Germany and France talking up a new German Army. I think Trump was waiting on Brexit but he is just another who realises that Brexit is not delivered with this deal
So much this.
To paraphrase John Maynard Keynes (maybe): "When circumstances change, I change my mind. What do you do?" Or has nothing whatsoever about Brexit and what it means for the future of everyone in the UK changed in the last year or so?
Good for the DUP #DitchTheDeal
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B | Politics | The Guardian
This is an outrage. The British people voted for chlorinated chicken and they should get it.
And that goes double for Brexit's best mate Corbyn who still promises a lying-jobs-lie-first Brexit when he's spent 40 years voting against everything EU &amp; wants to destroy the economy, blame it on Brexit &amp; ride red ****ing unicorns to fantasy land. Where is your plan, you ****?
If Trump had been doing brexit negotiations the EU would be paying the UK.
Mrs May has returned from the Brussels bunker with a piece of paper, the Brexit Appeasement. She was too decent and frankly not 'man' enough to stand up to those wily unfriends of Britain. Trump is right. It's great for those in the New Versailles.
Trump always favoured Brexit. Hates the EU. He would never had let us down had he been doing the negotiation. We should need this warning.
It’s probably the only place you don’t have to listen to Brexit shite, and they probably have better public transport
Which Brexit did you vote for? (Hint: All of those outside the blue line are outside).
Xavier Bertrand gave game away with reports Normandy had been liaising with UK ministers over likes of Eurotunnel. EASA 3rd country arrangements r already being worked to extend to acknowledge U.K. Customs is working hard to get systems to increase hugely their capacity. #Brexit
Fully agree! Problem now mate is that the standards have changed and these labels get hurled at people for fun. "You disagree with me? You're a racist". You've seen it on both sides of the Brexit debate and the situation in the States is even worse.
How did you know what you were voting for if the deal only got signed off last week? Are you pleased with what Theresa has done with your brexit vote?
Why don’t we put the icing on the Brexit let’s go back to Pound Shilling and pence
I think we’ll all lose. This doesn’t help at all since are opaque on #brexit. Pointless.
So you’ll be voting YES.
Brexit is at the stage where those responsible for it are doing everything they can to escape the blame for the shitstorm that is coming the country's way.
he is only interested in the ridiculous Brexit deal that wont even be approved, so bugger prisoners dying. ultimately he is along with a few others responsible for every injury my son has suffered, 1 way or another I will get justice for my boy .
President Trump should keep his comments about our Brexit negotiations to himself. Not his business!
No we want a proper Brexit not this shit deal you traitor
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
With Brexit looming, the EU wants the Swiss deal done as soon as possible.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
“The most expensive option for the UK is a no deal Brexit” - you just know what option we are going to take!
The latest Bronx Latino Daily! Thanks to #brexit #flashfloodwatch
#Charmed sure #Alyssa #American #African #Black #Hispanic #Asian #White #LBGQT #Democrats #Resist #Resistance #WEFREE #POC #BLEXIT #WalkAway #Women #Youth #Seniors #ICE #YE #Turkey #Fake #NASA #MAGA #Mars #CNN #Twitter #News #Conservatives #Trump #QAnon #Q #Monday #UK #BREXIT
This would be worrying we’re Trump not universally recognised as a blithering, pig-ignorant idiot.
Doncha love all the Remainers thinking they can entice #Brexit-ers to support 's #TrapDeal? We can see through it, you fools. We can see right through you &amp; your misconceptions, vanities &amp; patronising, too. We're holding out for the real thing, the thing we voted for
I hope this happens.
Are we all allowed to stop tweeting about #Brexit now it's not happening? (It's my inner optimist talking).
27 months after the referendum the Brexit agreement is here. Meanwhile, UK influence in Europe is heading south, and this includes the area Britain believes to be most influential in
Trump is loving #Brexit. UK Gov can sell off what's left to the US, and the US in return has a captive market selling us their chlorinated chicken and private healthcare #NHS
What are Labours six tests? Will Corbyn not agree because he wants a no deal brexit?. After all, Corbyn has not even read the deal.
Only if they voted for #brexit
When you keep too much cooking sherry in the house
Watch the video. kept her head down the entire time. She knows the #Brexit divorce deal is shit!
Brexit chaos looms larger over United Kingdom's rubber sector
This shows that we have more options than TM’s Brexit agreement or nothing. Please RT this &amp; work with others to make better options possible
Anyone having any doubts about May's disastrous Brexit plan MUST read this informative Spectator article by: Martin Howe, which gives an insight into the legal implications of her proposed deal. Here's the link: A must read as a counter to May's lies
Not so odd. The very same guerilla tactics are at work on Brexit as they are on the far right bull shit we have: hatred of brown people, fear of immigrants, losing individual freedoms, attacks on private citizens, too much to be coincidence: Putin is a busy little fucker.
Is more of serious British #TVnews journalists going to start providing general public with the real examples of impact of #Brexit on various economic activities? Why only truly bothers? Please do better. In print is very informative
. looks so sad here, and possibly even self-aware. Does she think historians will appreciate her fortitude? Or damn her as a Chamberlain, Eden, or worse? #maybot #brexit
Attended reception at tonight, fitting conclusion to excellent #saraconf18. : "I've no time for equivocation. Antisemitism is racism. Any equality movement that indulges or ignores it is not worthy of its name"
OK. Why didn't they want to leave before 2015? I mean, with that sort of passion in the Country it would seem insane for a political Party not to take advantage of that, in fact any party that stood on a Brexit platform must have been a shoe-in eh? oh.
To backing treasonous , you are putting party before country which is futile as there won’t be a #Tory party if this so called #Brexit deal goes through. #ToriesAreFinished
I just hope we can achieve a sustainable global society in time. Worried it will be too late when enough people wake up to the extreme urgency facing us on climate chaos and economic inequality. We need in Government ASAP.
People’s vote on January 24th? It will give time for everyone to put their case to us, the electorate. Leave without a deal, leave with a deal, or Remain #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Wake me when it's over. #Trump #TrumpLies #MuellerIsComing #Russia #Ukraine #ClimateChange #ClimateCrisis #Khashoggi #TijuanaBorder #Resist #Resistance #Brexit #BrexitChaos #TearGassingChildren #TrumpCrimeFamily #tariffs #GM #MarsLanding #BREAKING #Impeach45
Withering. Walter Munchau of the is ‘amusingly naive’ thinking it’s a good deal, says EU veteran Lord Kerr
please for the sake of this country block Theresa May's brexit deal this is not what the people voted for. She is using underhand tactics to scare the British people into a bad deal surely this can't be legal.
If thats the end of the #Brexit story then its game over for as well and the Tories when #BrexitChaos hits fully. But you sense once the vote is completed that a second phase emerges in the #BrexitEndGame and it can only be solved with a #PeoplesVote
Kinda hard to feel like we’ve “taken back control” when I see other countries defining our future.
Eurosceptic Tory MPs Will End Up With ‘Soft Brexit’ If They Oppose Theresa May’s Plans, Ministers To Warn - HuffPost UK. Interesting. #BrexitShambles
'B******* to Brexit' bus to tour UK as Remainers crowdfund £16,000
The SNP The Green Party Plaid The DUP Labour and Conservatives only ones quoted!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Psssssst Brexit, because of Brexit too. Oh, fot, y'all desperate for Brexit too!
Brexit is like the UK got drunk and accidentally blocked Europe on
“They will soon be calling me MR BREXIT” August 2016. Trump hints that Theresa May's Brexit deal could bar UK-US trade deal &amp; says the #Brexit agreement is "great for the EU".
The whole country is going to collapse over the Brexit deal #stopbrexit
And a way to make anger her fans : consequences -&gt; bad reputation of another country (in the Brexit climate), stigmatization against Muslims, snub Meghan. In just one reading, you already find lies.
Please support this fundraiser, RT and if you can then contribute. Thank you!
Pretty straight talking from business. For all the talk that the backstop is bad for the Union, it is clear that everything short of it is worse. The only way out of the backstop is to go beyond it: Customs Union and SM or No Brexit.
Theresa May will launch a drive to win public backing for her Brexit deal over the next two weeks to counter entrenched hostility on the Tory benches and among...
One thought - if election is Lab's price of 'brexit' _and_ 3-6 months away, there is non-negligble risk of a Lab split before GE. Corbyn can avoid that by not giving malcontents time to organise.
Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
Mrs May has returned from the Brussels bunker with a piece of paper, the Brexit Appeasement. She was too decent and frankly not 'man' enough to stand up to those wily unfriends of Britain. Trump is right. It's great for those in the New Versailles.
It means that you are still in the EU. The Brexit Vote meant nothing. Power to the People hahaha. Parliament is the voice of the people even if it isn’t. These idiots call it a mandate, others call it lies. May, a remainer will mutate and disfigure anything resembling democracy
And she’ll be forever remembered as the fuck flap that actually went throught with this Brexit mess.
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected: May #usedcar #japan
May runs the gauntlet of MP fury in the Commons #Brexit via
Brexit: European court rejects British expats' referendum challenge
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May’s Disappointing Brexit Deal…
A great lexicon about Brexit. It made me laugh, which is good because the actual thing makes me angry. A Pocket Brexicon for Americans via
Anyone having any doubts about May's disastrous Brexit plan MUST read this informative Spectator article by: Martin Howe, which gives an insight into the legal implications of her proposed deal. Here's the link: A must read as a counter to May's lies
Because you're a careerist sell out who was only ever playing at being critical of the EU? #Brexit #MayMustGo #DitchTheDeal
She’s busy saying “my deal or no deal” and “my deal or no Brexit” completely oblivious to the fact that all rational people - on both sides - realise that either option is far better than her deal!
Oh god don't bring Brexit into it!
Definitely.
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe
Important caveat, the EU is a mystery to the orange dolt as is most of everything. He doesn't read. He won't listen. He is congenitaly stupid Brexit is shit but the opinion of this massive arse is irrelevant #LockHimUp
#Brexit explained by Wikipedia
"Tony Blair is respected and admired in Europe"! Really? Another reason for #Brexit.
How much is the entire UK deficit sitting at? 400 trillion wasn't it? Then there's that nice Boris who said that "we can walk away from Brexit at no cost" So..... what 13 billion if Scotland were to walk away?
I expect we now have to put up with you trying to sell a second referendum &amp; Norway option like the true remainer you are. Your doom &amp; gloom about going to WTO is not shared by the head of the WTO.
I blame #brexit
Let us hope that we are not swindled at the last moment with a crooked rigged voting ploy by tony blair.
Take note of Russia's treatment of Ukraine. Russia wants #Brexit. Russia wants to break up the EU. We need to stay in the EU and work with our neighbours to keep the EU bigger and stronger than Russia. Brexit weakens the EU. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. #bbcnewsten
Belgian Sin (the soft-porn version of Brexit)
Mrs May has returned from the Brussels bunker with a piece of paper, the Brexit Appeasement. She was too decent and frankly not 'man' enough to stand up to those wily unfriends of Britain. Trump is right. It's great for those in the New Versailles.
Ireland Forever!!!
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Why should British taxpayers pay for building roads, museums, airports in Eastern Europe when we have austerity at home especially when we have Eastern EU migrants flooding UK ? We have no legal obligation to pay a penny after we have leave EU ! #Brexit #NoDeal #Brussels #PMQs
answer this and then send it to #TreacherousMay. She won't like it ...
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
stop insinuating a second referendum is a possibility! (You are supposed to be unbiased in your position on News at Ten) Total waste of money and an embarrassment for the country! Even more so when the vote comes in again as LEAVE!!!! #Brexit
This 'withdrawl agreement' is not brexit .... it is remaining in as a vassal state .. Theresa has just produced a diabolical mess of a deal ... What we need is WTOBrexit and work from there ...
Quite frankly she is neither interested in what the electorate think, nor in what they voted for. This is a travesty of democracy
"Labour will not allow a representative of the People’s Vote ... to take part... instead pushing for a format that would allow the [Corbyn] to criticise the PM's domestic policies" wouldn't want a debate on Brexit to degenerate into a debate on Brexit.
Or should we say Brexit mean NOTHING as #NoBrexit ?
So just 80 Tory MP's are willing to stand up for Brexit, our sovereignty and democracy Well, at least it narrows down the contenders FIT to lead our great country after May has gone to the knackers yard. #StandUp4Brexit
Just heard Sky News Reporter say President Trump’s statement on Mrs May’s proposed EU deal was “unhelpful”. It has appeared to me since the winning Leave Vote in 2016 that BBC and Sky News have found the Brexit “truth” unhelpful too. Media have played a starring mischievous role.
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal : November 26, 2018 at 10:10PM via mikejulietbravo
Historians will one day look back on the Labour party under you, Mr Corbyn, and ask a simple question: why did you sit on the fence right from the start?
But “sovereignty”!
Hopefully Burnley will Brexit to Championship in the end
Well Jim Nicholson doesn’t seem to be doing much?
The US President warned that he wanted May to 'do something' about the agreement to ensure the UK can trade with the US more freely.
I will never forgive you, whatever you do or say. Not for brexit tho: for being murderous plutocratic bastards. And that won't change whatever happens wrt EU
its an intentional slap in the face to Little Britains new Gulag underclass, all used as psychological class warfare by the Torys. who are laughing their socks off as they asset strip the country, while we navel gaze at Brexit
Am I the only one thinking and the draft brexit agreement needs to be supported to minimise damage?
fuck off Burnley, big Brexit bastards.
Ok, next question is: as a remainer at heart, has TM deliberately negotiated a terrible deal in full knowledge it won’t get through, leaving a hard brexit as the only option in the belief that the majority of people won’t want this and be swayed to call for us to remain in EU?
Tories are running scared of Corbyn. He would tear May’s Brexit deal to pieces and would shift the debate about what post-Brexit UK would look like under a radical Labour govt that would benefit the working class-they don’t want to debate because they know the ideas are popular.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Plus it was a great deal for the EU .
Grassroots anti-Brexit groups urge EU to keep door open for no Brexit
TRUMP BOMBSHELL: No US-UK Trade Deal if we accept May’s Sellout Brexit Deal via
The thing is; Brexit is bad, bad for UK and bad for Europe, that’s the problem: Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public,
#Brexiters NOT Project Fear! TRUMP is scum, but will always go for the big deal &amp; the UK alone is not it, if you can have the whole EU! #PeoplesVoteNow #FinalSay #StopBrexitSaveBritain May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Jeremy Hunt: Losing Brexit vote could bring down government The Government may collapse if MPs reject Theresa May‘s Brexit deal at a crucial vote in the House of Commons next month, the Foreign Secretary has claimed.
Watching they need to interview on his view on brexit. Great to see him in action at the network conference! Brexit already happened. Markets have adjusted. Britain needs to just get on with it. #speakssense #topeconomist
I am bored of Brexit #BOB Vote against Theresa May’s compromise that pleases no-one while risking a £100bn per annum hit on our economy. Support a #PeoplesVote in Parliament please!
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home - CTV News via
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Russia are winning. They interfered in US and got their man in the White House. Interfered in Brexit and got the result they wanted. Now they’re doing what they want while we fight amongst ourselves. BBC News - Ukraine-Russia clash: MPs back martial law
For ones, this is true.
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal -
Indeed. And Trump. Don't leavers ever wonder why Brexit, which they want, is so popular with these two?
It absolutely isnt since they are both Brexiters agreeing with each other on Brexit. Only difference....temporary vs permanent customs union.
You will of course remember Obama suggesting, about Brexit, that the UK would be 'at the back of the queue', or is this a convenient oversight?
Is that a supermarket warehouse after brexit?
Evening Pilar. Just spotted you there. I'm thinking Brexit might drag on longer than the Cyprob has?
Only way would work would be if the choices are support May’s deal or abandon Brexit altogether.
Thank the Lord we had Margaret Thatcher mainly from the point of view that I don’t want T May to be a remembered example of a female politician &amp; PM. MT will be remembered as the first competent &amp; strong while TM will be remembered as an incompetent weak imposter #Shamingmygender
Let's support the facsist Brexit and endorse tory Brexit government removing workers righst based on a criminal fraud for 2 years - said no socialist ever! Male Katy Hoye Corbyn is labour party traitor endorsed by BNP &amp; Breitbart for gawd sake!
FREE SCOTLAND.
Literally within moments of the brexit result the cost of several of my outgoings increased by 30% due to exchange rates and have not recovered. Equipment costs have increased by a similar amount. Plant investments are much more challenging so market opportunity is lost #microbiz
It could actually go the other way. No annual payment to the EU, a world class infrastructure, world class trading hub. Just so much negativity. He wasn't thinking negatively when he wanted to become mp .
Mom`s 84 now, and a WEE bit incontinent. I don`t think she`ll be able to stand for God Save the Queen every time she goes to a public loo. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
DD is also on record stating there will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside. He turned up to his first meeting with Barnier without a plan (and without a clue). My advice is to treat anything DD says with a huge pinch of salt.
Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
We were told Brexit would stop illegal immigrants trying to enter Britain and yet they're still trying to do it. Did nobody send them the memo?
It does make me think that there should be an exam before you get the right to vote. Having said that I have been saying since Brexit that few people know how it works or what it does. How many can name their MEP. compare that to my MP who does lots &amp; informs the constituency
still don't get how the #EU would not have plans in place at 11pm on 29/03/19 to deal with a "NoDeal" outcome ?? You morons have had TWO YEARS to prepare and your bluff is about to be called, instead you wasted time and money on Junckers bar bill !! " U snoozed, U lost"#Brexit
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
Its *very good* Theresa May finally acknowledged in Commons what we all knew since the start - all Brexit Deals *must* have N.I backstop. Its *very bad* she doesnt understand the problem isnt having a backstop - its USING it. (Labours SM/CU wouldnt use it)
WATCH "Prime Minister, I plead with you, the House of Commons has never, ever, surrendered to anybody, and it won't start now". Another stinging question from Mark Francois MP. And he's right. If you agree, please RT. #Brexit
Great. We really don’t want chlorinated chicken or the selling off of our NHS to Thumper
Support the People’s Vote as TM’s deal is no good; The chaos can mean “no deal” cheered on by Johnson, Rees-Mogg et al; A 2nd referendum won’t have their lies; Need to plan a march in Jan to demand no hard Brexit. Jno x
Blame it all on what was written on the side of the bus?
Classic
Nonsense - Trump offered May a big #Brexit free trade deal - now the stupid cow May has signed an #EU deal abdicating the power to sign any free trade deals - this is perfectly legitimate commercial comment from a close trade partner justifiably pissed at her rank stupidity.
He hasn't a clue about anything ... specially Brexit...stupid 'pussy grabber' lol
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 -
Love Trump or hate him hes a successful businessman and he knows a stitch up when he sees it. Just imagine if Trump was dealing with brexit I don't think we would be paying £39 billion to stay under EU control.
For the following line alone “a party of millionaires, Eton Bullingdon boys, spivs and WI harridans.’
Your #brexit deal isn’t going to be approved. Can you really waste time visiting empty #cowsheds and #warehouses ? - get the vote done, stand down and give the job, or call the #GeneralElectionNow
Eurosceptic Tory MPs Will End Up With ‘Soft Brexit’ If They Oppose Theresa May’s Plans, Ministers To Warn -
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Definitely !!!! There is full on turf wars on here these days. Like a virtual battleground Trump. No Trump Brexit. Remain. Leave Right or Left of Politics Bloody ell. Football Rivalries seem absolutely timid in comparison :)
Why do you want a second vote andy. You already state you left because of brexit... move along
I KNOW three personally who would vote May out to prevent Hard Brexit. Plenty of Tories in safe seats with big Remain majorities would feel empowered to do so
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Never. Nor will millions ever vote Tory again. Stop talking about us coming together when this has split families in two, the entire country. The stuff of civil wars that causes brother to take up arms against brother In case you missed it
Haha. I had to think of something to raise a smile. I didn't bring Brexit into it. Only the withdrawal agreement haha. The fact that exists is now a fact! Wherein lies the value , who knows!!!
Drew outlines the latest on the chaotic Brexit situation at a public meeting in the Legion in Nairn on Tuesday 6th November 2018, including the impact Brexit will have on our jobs and economy. Drew Hendry MP - Brexit Public Meeting
You are right Donald. Britain will not be allowed to trade with you again. You do not need the weakness of Theresa May spilling into your negotiations around the world. Imagine America caving in, and allowing Russia to rule the super power forces.
When you want to know if you’re still in your #Brexit
Brexit, Governing...? I'm sure he's great at making jam at home, but he's also great at keeping Labour away from No10 :)
'A No Deal #Brexit is the most expensive option.' says on Not to mention the most chaotic. The red folders held professor-like by Davis &amp; Fox were meant to impress but alas no homework was done.
Things we won’t miss from the US: Any of their cars Imitation cheese Twinkies Baseball American football Netflix Country &amp; Western music TV evangelists Disney
If I never hear the word Brexit ever again it would be too soon. I am bored.
So on Monday lands successfully on Mars some 54.6m km away. Amazing. Whilst here in the UK, Theresa May and #Tories cannot decide on a deal or no deal or #PeoplesVote when it comes to #Brexit #MarsLanding
#Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public #news
Reallllyy ??!!
British Brexit Corporation with expensive dinosaurs like John Humphrys. Certainly not worth £400,000 a year. £40,000 would be generous. Better still put him out to grass.
I still want a #peoplesvote with a #remain option . That's the red line for my vote. From an ex Brexit , marginal seat voter
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's almost like she's selling the EUs deal to us isn't it?
Why Dover can handle a ‘no-deal’ Brexit rt
May says people are bored with brexit = Back chequers or wto and out tell the people so very quick solution
Tuesday's i: "Save the date. PM has 14 days to save Brexit deal - and career" #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via )
Well said Gina Miller! #PeoplesVote is the ONLY sensible option left. My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
The Tories are indeed damaging the country. But so is Labour, especially in providing no serious opposition to Brexit - if that happens, any realistic prospect of a progressive government in the next few years has gone.
Supported by the leader of Sad times.
So brexit has caused this Nigel. Why were we not told this vac k in 2016?
Speaking to a great Indian scientist who I was telling about potential of living uk “Brexit is a change of mentality feeling unwanted a step back in science worldliness a step forward in racism and intolerance why would I want to move out from Germany?”#QueueJumper
"The mauling underlines the massive task facing the PM, as she stares down the barrel of almost certain disaster in the House next month." #Brexit via
Hes proved himself so far. Despite the flak over Brexit the strategy he has played is bearing fruit. He knew the Tories would fail on their own terms and has been proved right. One more push.
#Brexit facts not fiction
Isle of Man, Jersey and Guernsey sign deal with UK over post-Brexit trade to preserve the current arrangements.
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
The British High Commissioner to South Africa in person of Nigel Casey, has given concrete assurance there will be no disruption in trade between Southern Africa and the United Kingdom after Brexit.
A no deal brexit may be the most expensive option in the short term,but £39 billion saved would ease the discomfort. In the long term a no deal brexit would be a very good option for the UK. The scaremongering is no more than the propoganda of the undemocratic remainders. WTO
"Brexit voters aren't stupid" - Well, not every single one of them...
Have you read all 585 pages of the Withdrawal Agreement, legally-binding is Parliament approves it, or the Chamberlainesque "piece of paper" political-agreement wishlist without legal status? #BRINO is not #Brexit, nor is wishful thinking.
Typical ludicrous argument. 2nd ref isnt overturning 2016 vote, it is going back with the best leave deal May can get and giving people the informed choice to accept or maintain the status quo. Surely a narrow vote on fact is more democratic than a narrow vote on theory? #Brexit
Agreed. The UK is a gateway. Contingency plans are fast becoming Plan A. The UK is no longer the hub of political stability it once was. Brexit has damaged that. But that's not to say the EU project is an unvarnished success. PIIGS, mass youth unemployment, anaemic growth....
As a successful businessman Trump would never have negociated such a terrible deal . That i suppose is the difference between May a second rate career politician and Donald Trump.
#BURNEW This is proper Brexit football this, everything Thiago Motta wanted, Hart in midfield.
Welcome to dystopian Tory Britain. With everyone focussed on #Brexit, the Investigatory Powers Act - which gives the UK intelligence agencies &amp; police the most sweeping surveillance powers in the western world - has passed into law with barely a whimper.
Liz just off the phone with NASA. First thing found on the #MarsLanding was a Martian deriding Theresa May’s Brexit deal....
Yeah, lack of faith is definitely the only problem with Brexit. Definitely not the lack of a plan. Or a clue.
This week's foreign affairs recap from covers the latest Brexit news, the resignation of the President of Taiwan from her party, and the death of an American missionary visiting North Sentinel Island illegally. Read more here:
Gary Lineker interview: 'The people who will ultimately suffer from Brexit are the ones who voted for it - mostly the poor'
Anyone having any doubts about May's disastrous Brexit plan MUST read this informative Spectator article by: Martin Howe, which gives an insight into the legal implications of her proposed deal. Here's the link: A must read as a counter to May's lies
They're trying to get to the UK before Brexit prevents them.
US president’s intervention is likely to weaken May’s hand when she is seeking to get deal approved by parliament Donald Trump has delivered a weighty blow to Theresa May’s hopes of steering her Brexit deal through parliament, saying it soun... #EU #EUpol
Twat
Where?
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-British trade; UK differs
So Brexit means we get less piss in our swimming pools or more?
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' - BBC News via Was it not your Government that objected to our WTO proposals? How to navigate the future, we can help.
Even the left wing of Continuity Remain have lost the plot. Can they not see that "Tommy Robinson" et al want to be seen as the defenders of #Brexit? We need a united front against fascism, not a factional games.
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected: May #japanese #japan #news
Oh we had that too. Brexit analysis was fraudulent because of HMT Remainers, negotiations wrecked by Europhile Olly Robbins.... etc etc
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected: May
‘Not realistic’ for UK to start trading on WTO rules straight after Brexit, says WTO boss rather believe him and this weeks Economist.
Dial M for Mueller just released the first episode and it’s very good. Brexit expert hosts it.
Yes . The Tories are a busted flush if this 'deal' gets passed .
Imho...no way Brexit passes first vote
Totally agree
Oh dear ! Why am I smiling?
Will MPs back May's #Brexit deal?
People's vote = plebiscite? Like the Brexit vote? Obviously that needs to be 'filtered' through a political party.
Will MPs back May's #Brexit deal?
#MarsLanding This is brilliant news for the UK. #liamfox on board to negotiate the first #brexit trade deal. #BrexitDeal #Brexitshambles
Farage is still struggling, bless. The Brexit deal is a withdrawal agreement not a trade arrangement. We do more trade w/EU than we’ll ever do with Trump’s America.
Hell yes but May would never go for that because she knows Nicola would show her up for the incompetent ignorant arrogant fools she is.....
Lads I knew we were in the dark timeline not since Brexit, not since the 2016 presidential election, but since Fox made the decision to cancel what was posied to be the greatest show of all time. #neverforget #youcantaketheskyfromme #browncoat #darktimeline
Terrible misconstrue of what debating is. I'm happy to debate about the sinking of the Titanic as long as we absolutely do not mention Icebergs
Totally self inflicted sadly! She set out a vision with her Mansion House speech and has sold everyone down the river ever since! Inevitable result of lying and not sticking to her vision! #MayMustGo as a result!
You or Corbyn need to force the issue with a Peoples Vote to get brexit stopped and that means you, otherwise the debate is going to be straight out of Sun Tzu “subdue the enemy without fighting”
Do PLEASE have a read of this excellent letter by if you haven't already. This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
I'll be there!
It's clear that had the Almighty conducted negotiations with the EU and returned with the most perfect deal in history it would still have failed the 6 tests set by middle class revolutionary . His playing party politics with Brexit is contemptible.
EU did not and cannot offer Canada ++, for lots of reasons including border in Ire. UK has decided on #Brexit and now must make its choice. May's deal or No Deal disaster. UK should also exercise it's responsibility for NI.
European Leaders Approve Final Brexit Deal, But Its Fate In Parliament Remains Unclear
Trump: Brexit Deal 'a Great Deal for EU' — Not the United States
I thought we were on our way to 1742 with Brexit???
So, what exactly would our two proponents of leaving the EU, the SM, the CU and ending freedom of movement be debating then? We'd win more votes leaving folk to watch Strictly in peace.
Well I know what I’m doing in a no-deal Brexit #printingsomepamphlets
BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal The irony of #Brexiteers who sold us down the river for some pipe dream. #BrexitShambles
What's the actual point of having a live tv Brexit debate, we know May will spout lie after lie, Corbyn will dispute everything she says without offering any alternative, and no one will any the wiser.
It’s like living in an afternoon educational film when you special friend encourages you to do something stupid and then fucks you over #BrexitDeal
It is not a Brexit deal - it is MAYs 500 page Remain suicide note. WTO is real Brexit &amp; OUT of all EU Bodies. Remainers want to kill WTO so have rebranded it as “No Deal” to divide &amp; confuse a single shout for “WTO”
Thanks for meeting with representatives from across the network today! #YouthVoice #Brexit
Your essay from France about #Brexit was pathetic Please stay abroad
Rubbish!....absolute rubbish!.....and you know it!
Ay weeee
All of a sudden #brexit seems like a good idea
The latest The Greenbridge Daily News! Thanks to #3dprinting #brexit
Regarding Norway:
2/52- Referendum of 23-06-2016 was not for “Brexit” but instead it was for “Boexit”, i.e., for exit of “Sick Boot” of Europe from EU
Trump says ‘it’s NOT a beautiful thing’!! Damn right it ain’t!! Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Well said.
That's very totalitarian of you .Not very democratic of you. In fact you're a bully.
He has a very important job telling ppl what the bbc won’t ppl don’t want this brexit
I started angrily listening to Metallica as a teenager when my parents were divorcing. Brexit is having the same effect!
This value discussion has more passionate viewpoints than Brexit! But just like Brexit there are 2 viewpoints but we all know which one is right! Fairly obvious that over a long period of time you can't win if you don't beat the odds. Its a simple, undeniable fact.
Our next event on 29/01 hosted by - with review of #BIM Protocol by its author (&amp; one of BIM4Legal team) , architect's experience of BIM and special look at post-#Brexit BIM by an ex-Gov Special Adviser: #UKBIMCrew
Remember Gina Miller ENEMY of the people with the Judges may have just saved Brexit Parliament is Sovereign.Always should be.
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
The #queuejumpers are leaving. Ah, sorry, these are the good Europeans only referred to the bad ones.
Of course it is to Donald trump and all the UK brexit elite cronies who will profit from the disaster capitalism. You wait.
Own your mess. You were #Brexit secretary! Your part in this fiasco will be remembered long after your leadership ambitions have fizzled to nothing in the embers of the fiasco you worked to create
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
"Manure! I HATE manure!" #BrexitDeal
says that a no deal Brexit is most expensive. I disagree, what is the price of sovereignty? The ability to make our own trade deals, control our own waters, keep NI in UK and keep Gibraltar free are priceless! ‘s deal is the most expensive by far!
Any political capital that the Prime Minister accrued from the original Mansion House Speech was dissipated post Chequers and finally squandered with this appalling so call ‘deal’ with the EU. She can’t sell this to the Brits - there is no trust left #Brexit #BrexitAgreement
May weaponised the Brexit dividend today against Corbyn. She has signed the UK up to a payment of £39 billion for nothing, &amp; committed to a transition that could go on to 2022, during which we will be forced to pay membership dues or be forced into an expensive Customs Union.
It could turn out that way - we could have a brexit free land in the middle of the UK patrolled by the UN
Getting sign-off from the EU27 was the easy part for the prime minister. This is a bad deal because Brexit itself is a folly
A politician no having a clue about Brexit is unusual ?
L@ if small tariffs were applied under WTO the EU would have to pay more tax than UK; as EU exports more goods to UK than we export to them. A free trade deal is more beneficial to EU than UK! Not to give one is underhand EU/UK attempt to try and stop #brexit
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
At times I worry about the stuff people say - then I realise it Brexit hyperbole sickness I hope a cure if found soon
of course there is a deal without it she just doesn't want it ... Revealed: May Requested Brexit Customs Union ‘Backstop’ With No Exit, Not EU
Clearly the Republic of Ireland has completely failed to see the many excellent ideas contained within the Brexit concept. Or maybe they know when it looks like a turd and smells like a turd that they do not have to taste it to know that it is a turd.
I don't know how I would vote on the Brexit Deal. I do know that if I was minded to vote against I'd want to assure myself that there is a workable plan to avoid no deal.
Former BBC Journalist On Why Brexit Stopped Him Being Neutral
All the libdems have done since the ref is bash labour instead of the people who gave us brexit ie the Tories ,the libdems helped the Tories into power leading to where we are now,libdems couldn't be bothered to turn up for an important vote .
I presume you’re referring to the back bench mp’s whom campaigned against implementing brexit at all despite the wishes of their own constituents, then Yes, I have been listening.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Well worth a read... . ..
Trumps response to brexit jump to 5:30
Well done . How much of licence fee payers money went into a platform that didn't work? Give the ideas person an old blankety blank chequebook and pen, plus a P45.
I've been working on a new Brexit plan. We stop mentioning it anywhere. Not on telly or the papers or in parliament. And when anyone asks about it we all just look confused and says "What the fuck are you talking about?".
This is where Brexit bankers are choosing to live in Paris
I heard bent bananas will be legal again after March 29. I mean, straight bananas were so boring. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Has the PM learnt nothing from Cameron’s failure to have a plan B.... it was negligent for the country then and it is negligent now for the PM and Hammond to have stopped us being fully prepared for a WTO Brexit.
Poor baby.
'By proposing a Brexit TV debate with Corbyn, May has reached for her last resort: torture'
"Just a handful of Tory MPs stood up to defend the deal, but in the marathon Commons session their voices were lost in a sea of criticism." #Brexit via
Certainly getting the wrath of this RemaIner or as Labour disparagingly think of me - a citizen of Remoania
Now is not the time.
Anyone having any doubts about May's disastrous Brexit plan MUST read this informative Spectator article by: Martin Howe, which gives an insight into the legal implications of her proposed deal. Here's the link: A must read as a counter to May's lies
hahaha people have NEVER been unanimous about anything to do with #BREXIT. #Brexiters did this.
Brexit is the consequence of past UK govts’ failure to follow a policy on Europe which the majority of voters could easily support. Maybe FPTP facilitated that, but it was a political choice not to hold referendums on Lisbon &amp; Maastricht. This is why the 2016 EU Ref happened.
Brexit is bad per se, you poisonous fucking gnome.
The latest The Broken Of Britain Daily! Thanks to #brexit #vaw
congratulations and thanks mate. This is not brexit that 17.4m voted for.
Does Brexit mean Brexit? EU judges could play pivotal role via
Theresa May has defended her proposed Brexit deal. She said the deal delivered on the result of the EU referendum - and MPs will get to vote on it on by 11th of December.
Prime Minister an open invitation to come to Morley on your two week charm offensive to try to sell your Brexit deal. Not a stage managed production though, but meeting real people and Yorkshire folk who will say it as it is! Happy to organise. #BrexitShambles
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Nicky Yes could not agree more, we at lower levels are clear the "deal" must be crap because out of hundreds of comments &amp; watching on TV not one MP has implied that it has any merit, Parliament can Vote to Revoke Art 50 so I agree MPs step up Revoke Art 50 Settle brexit for good
Have to say, I’m increasingly watching itv news at ten these days. Like it’s Brexit coverage and Tom Bradby has a very welcome, irreverent style where needed
"Are people voting in or out, what’s going on?" - Ozzy Osbourne Ozzy: I don't really understand Brexit Link to original article here
Nonsense. There is no Public desire for Brexit. The vast majority want to Remain. #CorruptTories
Bring a defender of the Norway / EEA model, Canada model and No Deal / WTO, vs chequers May.
Over 2 years since Britain approved Brexit. Why is nothing being done? It's not like they're building a wall
The Brexit Broadcasting Corp will never be trusted by many millions ever again. Devoid now of rational arguments and running out of remotely believable lies they now appeal to the people’s fatigue with a late roll of the dice. Can’t believe we’re witnessing this, just despicable.
May was a remainer so she had no intention of delivering brexit, that pathetic deal she is touting as brexit is not brexit at all so if she wants to deliver brexit like we voted for it’s tell the jumped up EU members to go to hell we are out of here and there’s no money for you
Bargain Booze must be open late tonight. #Brexit
Theresa May's "Brexit" deal would keep us joined at the hip with Brussels and neither in nor out. We'd face a cliff edge in a years time when the EU will demand even more from us according to Jacob Kirkegaard, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute.
Really don't know much about your Brexit "deal". Would you care to enlighten us here in the West?
Which would be funny. But perhaps now is the time to play hard ball and get a Section 30 agreement from her in exchange for support. Extraordinary times.
That will be the same economic decline that was guaranteed to happen when we voted FOR Brexit in 2016 then... You know... the one that didn't happen.
It's official. The May Deal is utter shit.
I'll believe it when I see it.
"The issues that led to Brexit" should have been sorted out by consecutive British Government and had nothing to do with EU. The same is the issue with immigration; the real problem is not the EU immigration.
Mrs May should stop being selfish by trying to protect her own job and protecting deep pockets of #CBI ! She must accept #NoDeal #Brexit is in the best interest of Britain which will ensure exit from EU with no strings attached &amp; without having to pay £39 billions!
Brexit is about direction,
Well, I'd rather not see Brexit, and I think that Brexit is itself terribly bad language....
"I'm raging." ICYMI,
Weird that Harry wants to focus on that rather than actions. any port in a storm I guess.
The UK should leave the EU today with no more negotiations, no exit payment and no transition period. A clean break from the EU - that is what we voted for.
Will she send Amber Rudd?
Theresa May Urges Parliament to Pass Brexit Deal as Many Lawmakers Vow to Oppose It
They’ve jut suggested that the group of MP’s the gov are “assembling” to sell the Brexit deal is like the avengers? Not a greatly optimistic metaphor then considering the world falls apart and everyone dies in the most recent avengers movie? Oh not before a massive civil war...
The 11th of December 2018 is likely to be the day of atonement.
Totally agree ! But she doesn’t really have a heart and she’s certainly not using her head
Still kissing EU shoes Theresa #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Correct. But that’s exactly what UCP, OPC, CPC and their base want to do. They want to turn Canada into a neofuedalist society, like Russia. Oligarchs and serfs. It’s why Trump was installed in US, Brexit in UK, etc. It’s what is wanted here. But by whom? And who benefits?
Oh and on case anyone is curious or keeping count. It has been 14 days since I received an email from telling me that my email requesting an appointment would be responded to within 14 days.. no reply. Apparantly my concerns re brexit and insulin aren't important.
Behaviour of a loyal ally of Britain.
Germany 7. Sounds like an ace Walter Presents box set. #germany7
Another complete and utter lie. If there is a brexit of any kind then commitments made have to be paid for. You know this you liar.
Bo he wouldnt he is arguing for exactly the same thing. He wants Brexit. The only difference is temporary vs permanent customs zone. It would be a debate between 2 brexiters. Time to widen the debate.
Jeremy doesn't want to debate Mrs May on TV about #Brexit because he wants it as much as she does. Jeremy, as long as you are the leader then Labour can whistle for my vote.
"The Prime Minister says that rejecting this deal will send us back to "square one". Thanks to her botched negotiations, we never left "square one"." Ouch. Jeremy Corbyn just shredded Theresa May's Brexit "deal".
And who can forget JC’s knockout performance in the 2016 Brexit debates?
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
It's a shame that you were not so good in resisting the rise in tuition fees or the bedroom tax isn't it? You're all yellow Tories. Every single last one of you.
It's incredibly dangerous to view the EU/UK negotiations in adversarial terms. This is not 'us against them' with hostile sides. We are current and future allies forging a new relationship, and the whole thing needs to be seen in those terms or things get out of hand. #brexit
'Sounds like a great deal for the EU'.... Trump spot on again #brexit
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade' | via
Werth trio...jest rhag ofn! May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Well Brexit sure has shown ALL scots and the entire world that scots have no say at all in anything at westminster, They have shown that for them there never was any union. No wonder the scots want to run thier own country!
Trump says Theresa May’s Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade
So Brexit means we get less piss in our swimming pools or more?
I'm no fan of the WA but I hope Boris, Gove and the #ERG will again be outraged that an American President has dared to intervene in a purely British vote about #Brexit. After all they are not shameless hypocrites are they?
Gosh well I was a Remainer and Trump supports Brexit, I’ll have to rethink.............Done it, have rethunk, now I know Trump’s a Brexiteer, I know I did the right thing. Good to get confirmation.
The notion that Trump has any understanding of Brexit beyond ‘this will weaken Europe and furthers the populist wave I benefit from’ is laughable. Trump barely understands how the American government works; it is doubtful he could credibly explain what the EU even is.
And I'll be moving to Scotland..
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds
Soft Brexit is of little value to Jacob, he has moved his investment funds to the Republic of Ireland. If the UK stays within EU structures post Brexit there is no disruption of financial markets and Jacobs investment might as well have stayed in the UK.
Philip Hammond and Sajid Javid said to have voiced concerns over Theresa May's immigration clampdown, as the PM is set to publish the government's immigration white paper next week. #ImmigrationWhitePaper #PhilipHammond #SajidJavid #Immigration #Brexit
2 remainers arguing about brexit, how great, why doesnt she argue with boris?
The mute button
Wait the same Theresa May who called people “queue jumpers” and the same Theresa May who hasn’t done a thing over windrush!?
Indeed I have responded to him directly with respect to his disgusting and disgraceful interference into the #brexit debate, he has absolutely no right to do so
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Hemlock sellers!
Trump has his critics and sometimes righty so be one thing he knows about is negotiating deals and if he and most of Britain say it's a good deal for EU I for one believe it,May knows this she can't be that stupid she wants us to remain
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Young people want a ‘new kind of politics’ in post-Brexit Britain but the negotiations are out of their hands. The LSE report gives false hope. via
President Trump on... Russia/Ukraine: "We're not happy about it." GM job cuts: "I was very tough." Climate warning: "I don't believe it." Border: "We don't use it [tear gas] on children." Brexit: the UK "may not be able to trade with us".
No he wouldnt he is arguing for exactly the same thing. He wants Brexit. The only difference is temporary vs permanent customs zone. It would be a debate between 2 brexiters. Time to widen the debate
quite right ... a pox on both your houses....
If Unionism had stayed quiet about the "Backstop" and indeed about the "border" generally,it might not have become such an issue,but they didn't,and tried to reinforce there severely weakened position through .#Mistake
There is a difference between no deal and a hard brexit
No deal is always better than an unfair unequal international treaty. Always.
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Trump condemning May’s Brexit deal is the clearest indicator yet of the shared origins of the no deal Brexit funders and Trump’s own campaign. You can imagine the call from Farage asking his friend to make a press announcement as a favour. Let them all burn together say I!
As has been said for ages, our eyes are on Brexit while Russia runs riot.
Robert Peston said tonight that a No Deal Brexit would be the most expensive option for the UK. If it is a balance sheet only decision what fair value have you placed on our asset called democratic freedom? I would suggest about £100 trillion wouldn’t you? And if not why not?
Multinational corporation taxation issues were around before Brexit; to claim it is because of Brexit is false.
Taking back control of absolutely nothing. #BrexitShambles Donald Trump in Brexit blow to Theresa May after saying deal may hit US trade
I would love to understand how someone can become so morally deprived, that they would want to support a withdrawal agreement that contains the following clause: Art 101 - UK agrees never to prosecute EU employees who may be criminals now or in the future.
No it's isn't, it's a game of capitalism with some capitalists losing &amp; some winning. Outside of all that nonsense though, people are dying in winter from policies created by the architects of Brexit. Leave or Remain, problems in society are not derived from an EU ref result.
Ozzy: I don't really understand Brexit
You know football is changing when you see a player with a shirt tucked in and you instantly think brexit. Things need to change imo
Labour Brexit for me. Solves all the problems. It's Brexit. Trade is protected. Rights protected. Immigration controlled. Austerity ended. Disabled sanctions ended. Stat Investment in jobs unhindered by the EU. Renewable tech industries supported. Council housing built.
Brexit: Trump hints May’s Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Tories are all losing their jobs anyway! And they know it!
#BUSI3028 Donald Trump has suggested Theresa May's Brexit agreement could prove a bar to a US-UK trade deal. via
If you notice though the numbers are moving toward support between 15th to 19th!! The closer we get I think more people will err on the side of support to avoid a no deal brexit.
They are wide awake, frantically looking for another excuse not to let Brexit die.
Exactly this, ,
Best we build up the Fishery Protection Squadron again #warship #Brexit #bbcnewsten
Anyone having any doubts about May's disastrous Brexit plan MUST read this informative Spectator article by: Martin Howe, which gives an insight into the legal implications of her proposed deal. Here's the link: A must read as a counter to May's lies
"The Prime Minister says that rejecting this deal will send us back to "square one". Thanks to her botched negotiations, we never left "square one"." Ouch. Jeremy Corbyn just shredded Theresa May's Brexit "deal".
The latest The RJ Wealth Limited Daily Paper! Thanks to #brexit #coys
Agreed. Corbyn's stance is not that of a socialist - not in my book. Where is the honest care and compassion that should drive values? Nowhere. Corbyn is a disgrace.
BBC News - US &amp; Canada: Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
What am I doing? I got 7 people to lobby their MP today to vote down May’s deal &amp; call for a People’s Vote. I called 12 clients to sign a letter to May from the Tech industry to call for a People’s Vote, all while running 2 companies. What are you doing?
Just print the £39b and hand it over. The Pound will be heading to peso status on the no deal brexit anyway.
Of 900 odd people. What is the point of it? Both are clueless as each other, both have equally no credible plan for Brexit. Nothing different to what we see in HOC. May clinging to dead deal &amp; Corbyn waffling on about a plan the EU said no to &amp; six tests he could not meet either
Yes. And Scotland has self-determined to stay in UK. With no caveats for Brexit or any other decision taken by shared parliament and govt. Yes or No was answered No.
Simply summarized corbyn is scared of debating agsinst because he and his party know he is supporting the wrong side
"Britain could run out of clean water" - the latest most hilarious morsel from #ProjectFear #Brexit #Hysteria
Brexit closes off our global opportunities...
It is very odd but I suddenly find that I am now agreeing with people that I normally disagree with over Brexit! We seem to be united by not liking the present plan.
Oh Guy !!! Guess what #Verhofstadt
David I trust you will vote against Theresa Mays Brexit but just how many of your colleagues will give us support for peoples vote because we cant trust Jeremy's brexit either?
WE CAN JUST TRADE WITH THE U.S. ON WTO TERMS THANKS TO DONALD TRUMP (UPDATE): "Mr Brexit" strikes again. #PeoplesVote #newsnight #r4today
Shame isn’t it? How are we going to get a competent Leader? How are we going to get the memberships Brexit fears recognised? Corbyn is not the answer. Did you read the nonsense posted by his son? Indoctrination by his father.
We have got Brexit .. we are not going to get Brexit .. ot that which we voted for so what in the world are you rambling on about? When the deal goes wrong, and it will, remember that without a hard Brexit you and remoaners can not blame us but only yourselves
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! Tell #TheresaMay what you think of her #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote
I hope all the leave supporters will be speaking out about Trump's interference in the #Brexit debate as they did with Obama. Or is it only Project fear interference if it's anti Brexit? #PeoplesVote
It does leave open the other option, no #Brexit
Get signing folks i just did! We need out of the seass pit called the eu as quickly as we can! The U.S. wants to trade, australia and most of the world what we waiting for?? #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #Leave #NigelFarage #JacobReesMogg #proudtobebritish
Nailed it.
I know this is going to shock you, but...and you might need to sit down for this one, but Boris Johnson advocated for Brexit, ran away, was made Foreign Secretary, then ran away again! I know! What a madser, eh? Kinda affects his credibility with us grown-ups.
Theresa May is gaslighting a nation with her Brexit deal mantra
She's lost the plot. This is political suicide for her. She can not win. Very strange.
saw you on itv news banging on about a hard border in Dover if we hard brexit???? We have one and always have had one in Calais. It’s cost us billions over the years yet you didn’t mention it ?????
Your constituency voted for Brexit.....so where do you stand? You didn’t support Jeremy.....so where do you stand?
You can tell from her interviewing styles that Naga is a remainer and does not hide this when talking about Brexit. Surely presenters should appear impartial at all times...
The latest The Make Me Taller Daily! #brexit #askadoctor
So if Scotland were to walk away...think the impact of no deal Brexit amplified by an awful lot. There would certainly be no EU membership.
bet you miss all this chaos over here mate. If Brexit happens I’ll drag him to Canada by his bingo fringe.
She can't be trusted...
Whether you are for or against Brexit, this whole thing is a BIG mess! Lessons must be learned from this for the sake of the future of our country.
New post: Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal Media playback is
Looking this way... #Brexit
This is this months newsletter...November 2018: Brexit, the Budget, and Gambling Addiction
It's not short term it's the new relationship post Brexit.
BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal. Trump talks out of his arse I.e brainless.
What kind of chancellor says that? It's not about the money?? I'm gobsmacked. Surely the whole point of being Chancellor of the Exchequer is that everything is about the money!
Pffff. Sounds like a long shot. But long shots is all we have here just now...
That’s a shame. Insight is symbolic of all that is good about humanity: cooperation, dedication, talent, curiosity, skill. It reminds me that there is more to us than Brexit, Tories, and Trump.
Theresa May admitted today that she had no Plan B if her Brexit deal is voted down She also has no plan for No Deal She triggered Art 50 without a clear strategy Her lines were never red Therefore, I propose a Plan B for you, Prime Minister - Resign!
British parliament to vote on Brexit deal on Dec 11
Good on you Bruce. My thoughts entirely!
good point.
Donald Trump: Brexit Deal ‘a Great Deal for EU’ — Not the United States via
this is probably it as an option so please retweet and subscribe if you are able
Cats are big suppprters of freedom of movement.
Keir Starmer: “There is no national interest in voting for a bad deal” - sits down with the Shadow #Brexit Secretary I have never agreed with Starmer ... till now!
If this Conservative government doesn't deliver an out of the ECJ Brexit on March 29th 2019 I will NEVER vote Conservative again. And I live in a Marginal Seat (Anna Soubry MP, haha). I hope the party splits so I have a Centre-Right Party to vote for one day.
Can you tell me what way you will be voting on the Brexit deal ?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Thank you - I stand corrected. Good question on #Brexit
You can do that easily... With a #PeoplesVote
Brexit must happen.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
“Brexit the Movie” - I’ve seen the trailer! Looks a pile of shite!
– President Trump warns Britain may NOT be allowed to trade with the US under the terms of May’s Brexit deal
Bit like May's #Brexit plan
Mr Johnson, your vision of Brexit was flawed, your explanation of the process and methodology was misleading and you have helped bring us to the impasse we currently endure Grow some and admit you have mis-managed the whole endeavour and stand behind a #PeoplesVote Thanks
Sounds like wants to make Britain great again! #MBGA
Still trying to get a copy of deal negotiated by - where can I get it. Lots of people talking about it but not sure they’ve even read it. Help. #Brexit #NeedInformation
Brexit is a bad decision at this point in history. And there is plenty of evidence that the campaign was a shambles. On both sides. But the Leave campaign was particularly corrupt.
Nonsense this is the behaviour of an ally who is deeply concerned for the independence of their greatest investment and security partner.
England decentralises itself right now - they call it Brexit!
#Brexit The way I see it re #Nash equil. TM loses in parly vote; 2nd vote marginal; eu 2nd negotiation - fails; No deal; Parly votes no confidence/Mrs M resigns (ill health?) Hunt/boris becomes PM GE corby fails - resigns Cooper becomes 1st female lab leader EU no deal....
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal. Wow just what May needed!!!
We're all doomed #Brexit #GlobalWarming #triggerhappyTrump #plasticpollution. Best pop to Hull this weekend for a bit of lightshow action. #urbanlegends #Northernlights
Delusional to the bitter end!!!
What she said!!!
Read this. Brilliant.
A 585 page "summary" of Brexit sounds like a mission, but damn, let's have a party
Wonderful. Really sums up Brexit.
the 'backstop' is a 'solution' to a manufactured problem, one the EU is using to continue it's rule over the UK and one and the Remoaners are using willingly to let them ... thread.
YOUR campaign for #Brexit was all about closing off opportunities for the many and allowing the few to mop up assets. You and Trump should shut yiur gobs!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Pro Brexit? WTF is this all about, My God you and others I am not just picking on you, but you are living examples of how well Propaganda and Misinformation works and the power it holds
I never liked chlorinated chicken anyway.
I've a feeling the Prof has proffered that remark is because this element of the withdrawal agreement was ratified whilst DD was Brexit secretary. He's now agitating against something that he has to take at least some responsibility for. I may be wrong. On some or all counts
Quite sickening! : Rebel MPs 'offered peerages' as May builds votes for Brexit deal via
Tories are bringing out the big guns to protect Theresa May deal. Another reason to prove the whole Brexit deal is a Tory Party conspiracy to keep UK in EU
Ah yes, a study commissioned by 'The People's Vote', who want a second vote on Brexit. A real shock that this was the outcome...
And then there's Gibraltar.
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
If Trump's words are controversial, was it controversial when Obama lied to threaten us, at Cameron's behest?
Im sorry but are you some kind of treeza apologist? Agree corbyn and mogg etc deserve criticism. And i give it. But to say May is without need to be just as criticised is mind blowing. She is delivering brexit. She is denying a #PeoplesVote and she created the hostile environment
Rod Liddle in the 17 November Spectator (an ardent Leaver) thinks Brexit will never happen, &amp; there’ll be no rioting, just sullen acceptance that “you can’t beat the establishment”. The fear lurks in all our hearts, but the referendum shows what the voters can do if they will it.
Will be after Brexit
You are great. If the brexit happens, come to Ireland, we would be very lucky to have you.
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
Deception.
Stop insinuating a second referendum is a possibility! (You are supposed to be unbiased in your position on News at Ten) it would be a total waste of money and an embarrassment for the country! Even more so when the vote comes in again as LEAVE!!!! #Brexit
Blame brexit.
Actually I resent that he's hijacked one of teams great heroes especially as he is quite happy to throws this country to the dogs of Brexit
Has anyone asked Ja Rule what he thinks of Brexit? #WhereIsJa
Anti-Brexit campaign hand delivers a letter to Donald Tusk begging him to ignore the decision 17.4 million people made. Donald Tusk is a man no British voter elected or can sack. Not in my name Mr Tusk, the 2016 result must stand and be respected.
I disagree. EEA is leaving the EU. The ballot paper was about leaving the EU. Norway/EEA was - as several people have repeatedly pointed out - mentioned specifically as well as implicitly countless times by leading Brexit campaigners.
UK PM May to business: my Brexit deal gives you the certainty you need #news #reuters
Brexit is just a small part of an international effort for white supremacy, I think we know who some of these people are but there are some very rich and powerful people bankrolling it.
Leo Panitch = BDE
My MP's a rarity - acting for the good of the UK, not party or personal career. Note to all other less-principled MPs: hit pause on Bad Brexit, swiftly give us a #finalsay #PeoplesVote Go Rupa!
And Labour said Scotland was best ruled by their Unionist allies? Now we discover that Labout think Scotland should mitigate harsh Tory policies by cutting NHS, Child education, welfare and policing to make it more like Labour run Wales.
The Murder Of #MahmoudAlMabhouh #BBC #Israel #Netanyahu #TelAviv #Jerusalem #Infowars #Brexit #TommyRobinson #MathewHedges #JamesBond #MarsLanding #UniversityChallenge
Farage’s SHOCK Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Her politics are the epitome of cruel, an hour of this is not quite the same as 1 in 39 homeless in one London Borough, as windrush, as austerity, as allowing a foolish brexit to continue, as pip &amp; esa assessment or universal credit. Fuck her! Zero sympathy is what she deserves!
A must read.
Prime Minister spends the evening meeting with 100 Businesses to find out more about the plan for Exiting the European Union #Brexit #businessbrief
Whos mum is this? #Brexit #ImACeleb
Once in the mid-1990s he told me with great confidence over a drink that the euro would never come into existence, so he certainly seemed pretty eurosceptic then, if not exactly prescient on how the EU could be expected to evolve and behave.
Is there a bigger smugfest than the odius pairing of and sneering about #brexit. Just report the news not your obvious politcal leanings.
Excellent again by Tim Stanley. It was the govt's responsibility to prepare for all eventualities, not bring back project fear from the dead.
Whether you voted leave or remain, she's managed to turn Brexit into Brexshit
Italy m+..... bet you have something funky for this
I hate everything to do with #brexit and think it is an utterly stupid idea, but other people have problems in the world too - across the pond, for example, Trump’s foot soldiers are *firing tear gas at children*.
Sigh, I dimly remember a time when I felt enthusiastic for #Labour but that has turned to ashes. Their stupid, internal argument stance on #brexit has left me deeply alienated. #JeremyCorbyn you seem more distant from the party you lead every day.
Except it should include more than just those 2. Corbyn won’t be debating Brexit. Pointless exercise unless LibDems, Nicola Sturgeon, Caroline Lucas are there too.
Brexit goal in Argentina. Superb direct football
The Brexit you have when you're not having a Brexit.(and never had any intention of doing so.)
I mean, they had a Brexit debate in the commons today and 'she didn't do well' would seem like a fairly generous interpretation.
Anything happening on Brexit mate?
How is it that this stuff is treated with anything other than howls of laughter and derision? ... the fact is non-linear, coupled systems are unpredictable. There is no way around that. The Brexiteers may have their delusions, but this is high fantasy.
But Hove was co-heading the main Leave Campaign. Are you calling him a liar for telling us that May's deal is the best deal? In which case your opinion of Brexit is different than that of other Leave voters.
What he said —&gt; This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
#Brexit #Brexiteers #48Letters why don't all the mps who dont agree with #EUDeal send their letters in now and not bother waiting for the #MeaningfulVote it will save 2 wks in the #VoteOfNoConfidence process.
WTHF. Why is Trump thumping his nose in other countries’ affairs. Of course he does not read and has not read the 27 page Brexit agreement. Too many pages to comprehend!
Trouble is, I no longer trust Theresa May or any MP that supports her. Neither do I believe anything she now says. She deceitfully indulges in economy of information, and word play. The Draft WA is not Brexit but instead is designed to cripple and disempower the UK.
everybody still seems to be claiming that the Brexit deal is the end. But they forget that it’s only a Transition Deal controlling how the transition works. After that during the transition the negotiations start on the final long term post Brexit Deal that as yet has not started
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-British trade; UK differs #news
So did most of the big English cities. Scotland is not an independent country. You lost your independence referendum by a bigger margin than Brexit. Try having your next independence referendum to include English voters you would win then!
Without someone wha actually opposes brexit, it’s not going to be a debate, is it?
David Drew’s view on Brexit. ‘The reality is that we need to change the dynamics of the debate so that Leavers have a reason to change their mind.’ #ForTheMany
Blair and Alastair Campbell too please. Nothing to do with Brexit.
If you were a British citizen you would be outside the tent pissing inwards and paying for the privilege, you'd be a leaver (assuming you're not too pissed to vote of course).
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU' - BBC News
Were you tasked with sorting out Brexit?
The BBC built an extra-high platform this morning outside parliament so that they could broadcast live reports without showing the anti-Brexit protests in the background. But it didn’t work, the protesters bought longer extendable poles.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
New post (Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal) has been published on NUS -
Someone tell the boys in Calais trying to get to England that Theresa, Lizzie, Becks and Elton John are gettin outa Europe and your better off headin the other way #Brexit
You have all been duped and psychologically bullied by the get what they want...which is to overturn the referendum result.
Bollocks. Such is the toxicity of #Brexit that both political parties have been torn apart. Corbyn does not hold the key to fixing this mess and isn’t complicit in the UKs failure to pull itself out of this mess. If you want to poke your finger somewhere try David fucking Cameron
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
No Parliament that rejects May's deal would permit a no-deal Brexit. It's another of Tracy May's empty threats.
Mr. Corbyn may have his own agenda. Has he shown cocern about anythinig else than himself? Get rid of him.
Labour will vote through May's brexit deal. Fbpe are broken bots. Literally every thread pro Labour is bombarded by broken fbpe bullshit attacking Corbyn. Seriously, will you all just fuck off.
MPs are due to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal on 11 December On that day in history... Edward VIII officially abdicated On that day this year... Fabrizio Ravanelli will turn 50 #notparticularlyrelevant
Just saw 'Margaret Thatcher' trending and wondered if she'd become the latest Brexit Secretary in May's zombie cabinet.
I sent a short reply to the Prime Minister today via the Number10 website. It had to be short as the contact form is limited to 1000 characters, so I had to edit it down to fit. Suffice it say that I am not in favour. I will update when/if I get a reply.
The Prime Minister has repeatedly slapped down calls to improve her Brexit deal and remove the “Irish backstop,” claiming without the unpopular measure...
head still sadly shaking ....
The idea you explained this to your readers prior to now is as likely as Geoff Boycott getting a K.
The EU swamp rats aren't going to do anything to help the people of the UK or work with the US....
If Switzerland was in the #EU, it would have shown some spine and Article 50-ed itself out of it by now. #Brexit
Are you a member of the Labour Party or not. If you vote for Brexit you only have your conscious to live with. Your action will be disgusting so shame on you. You are a horrible person and not fit to be a member.
Trumps got a big ego and gloated that brexit would be a success. He’d make sure the deal would be good for both countries.
La la la la la - The test is you can’t find better deal - Just moan - I am up for hard BREXIT but millions will lose Jobs - Hope your happy
No we should stay in the EU
Oh Arlene you seen this .....Boris Johnson voiced support for checks at Irish border | News | The Times
Handy to be reminded Cameron told Obama what to say to deceive the nation. Backfired, but they'll be fine. Just being himself Cameron caused the backfire called Brexit. They'll never learn because the don't have to. Get in line with 99%, the 1% won't rub off on you.
Gina - thank you. I wholeheartedly agree with every single word you have written.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
I'll never trust social media again or polls after the way Twitter has behaved with my Brexit poll. 11,000+ votes simply disappeared (NOTE TIMES ARE THE SAME). I tried to interest the Press but no interest. Is freedom of speech important important anymore? Not really. #LIBERTY
Busecon2012 "‘Not realistic’ for UK to start trading on WTO rules straight after Brexit, says WTO boss rather believe him and this weeks Economist."
Brexit means Trump. Remain means End to Brexit...
Hey UK-time for a new referendum! Check out this cartoon via
Rubbish!....Trump has already said America first! The company I worked for for 40 always had a huge amount of problems getting into the American market
Brexit?
I for one would love to see these hundreds of emails! In support of May’s deal. Especially when our MP allegedly blocks Leave voters who question her stance on Brexit. How could her inbox possibly be balanced!#StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
Yes please.
BREXIT DEAL: “Wales is effectively at risk of becoming a vassal nation” Liz Saville Roberts AS/MP says there must be consideration of alternative Brexit arrangements for Scotland and Wales. #bbcqt
Trump Says Brexit Deal Could Hurt Plans for Trade Pact With US
May is a deceitful liar, she has not wanted #Brexit from day .
She is only an MP because she was parachuted into a safe Tory Seat that was once occupied by Mark Hoban - I have the great misfortune to have her as my MP thanks to tribal voting &amp; she doesn't listen either! ERG member so hard brexiter.
EU leaders’ response to Theresa May’s Brexit deal. #BrexitDeal
I hear anyone who criticises your waste of time of brexit deal is now a misogynist. At the moment there's 17.4m more mysogynist in Britain.
The deal, inevitably, is a compromise. But for its opponents Brexit has taken on the characteristics of a fundamentalist religion
Thread. This tweet is from some way in, and I feel his pain. I look forward to our post-brexit re-entry into the EU, where as reparations for spraying our clusterfuck over our neighbours, they make us adopt the Euro, serve beer in 50cl glasses, and convert our roads to km.
Who’s less likeable? #imaceleb #imacelebrity2018 #imacelebrity #brexit #labour
Thank you so much Andrea for defending a proper Brexit.
Try suggesting that you won't vote Labour because of their Brexit policy, viscous.
Broadcasters will need to get on higher and higher platforms in order to avoid Mister Stop Brexit. Adam Boulton speaking to the nation from a Red Arrows cockpit. Kuenssberg in a hot air balloon. Still the pole rises
Now that it is clear that you are not in Scotland, might I suggest that your opinion might be coloured by the unionist press. Just consider why the precious union is so desperate to hold on to us scrounging nuisances.
I've no idea, and I don't think it matters. Brexit is a disaster for the country, and must be stopped. The fate of this or that government, May, Corbyn and all the others is trivia.
knows this is a very bad deal. Tories know we have a really bad PM who doesn't understand that democracy is not all about getting her own way it is about listening to us and keeping her promises to the electorate:
What the Hell is the point of opposing the only deal that will be accepted by the EU. is playing a very dangerous game of politics with BREXIT simply to further their own ends by bringing the Government down. And then what? Corbyn intends doing better? No chance!!!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I’m glad you mentioned the Lib Dem’s. You’re not the only party opposing this nonsense. We have much in common, not just our stance on Brexit .
It's not a great deal - it's a Remainers cobbled together apology for a deal! Not sure why the ex-Aussie PM's words are not being heeded, but we could...should...have so much better a deal if we approached them from a position of strength, instead of crawling to them! No deal!!!
Brexit: Here's what happens now - CNBC
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
And toilets will run dry. Earth closets will make a comeback, and folk will say “I’m just going for a Juncker”
Are you being ironic? If not, shut up.
He is right.
Cruel????
Let's get this brexit uncertainty done, managed wto deal and move on with UKs future
My local kebab shop is run by Turks. They're far kinder than our bloody government. And they use Greek chillies because they say they're the best despite the historical antagonism between the countries. A fair allegory for ditching Brexit I think.
Interesting to see the amount of pro-Trump replies to this: social media optimisation? Trump is less popular than Brexit in the UK and he would love a no deal opportunity with this country as would Putin.
#Brexit is just a #Conservative excuse for doing nothing.
I often thought Brexit would force politicians and media out of their ignorance &amp; mediocrity because we’d have to grow up and face the challenge as a country. Fat chance of that.
No Brexit is now the only thing that will in fact unite the country. The Law of Unintended Consequences works again.
Oh no it is not,I Vote Corbyn If May Destroy Brexit
I'm glad our Postman doesn't deliver mail the way May thinks she has "delivered" the Brexit the Country decided upon.
It would’ve been great if you could’ve helped negotiate Brexit! I don’t think politicians were the right people to do it at all. It should’ve been business people, corporate &amp; human rights lawyers, someone from the medical profession etc
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
He is showing how far the swamp extends then not; flash crashes; fake news; Brexit priced in then not; ER beats then not; Er misses then not; Buffett private intrinsic deals then not; Cramer saying buy FANG then not; or any analyst then not; Charts not; the best knot is Kuroda
May to portrait of Thatcher hanging in no10, "Pfft, stole their milk? STOLE THIER MILK? I stole their whole bloody future away! Call yourself the Iron Lady?". Philip slinks away in the darkness, clutching a phone, whispering, "It's me, come quick, she's gone." #brexit #indyref2
BBC banging on about fish. They almost conceded that Brexit will change nothing. We need market access. Someone has to buy what UK catches.
EU countries are remarkably united when it comes to #Brexit negotiations. Where does that unit come from? [alert: we haven't spotted any article in EU countries today saying anything positive about the UK]
Thanks to for a very enjoyable evening at their Brexit debate. However before anyone gets too carried away about this top tip for a great night out in #Ely, I should admit that some people reckon I should get out of the house more often. Here are some examples of why...
Dehydrated Zombie Brexit
Trump: Brexit Deal ‘a Great Deal for EU‘ — Not the United States via
Over the last few years I've become such a brexit bore that I can literally quote things like that, including the date and question number in Hansard, from memory. I'm not proud of it.
thank you for covering the impact of #Brexit on #HorseRacing #Cheltenham here are pics from recent racing #BolloxToBrexit
Donald Trump attacks Theresa May's Brexit deal as a 'great deal for the EU'
whatever happened to human imagination?
#GBPNZD has fall sharply in the last six weeks and may offer #Sterling bulls an opportunity if/when there is some clarity on #Brexit. Support around 1.8630 – 1.8660:
That's a huge compliment for May's deal and Brexit in general because Be Here Now was characterized by huge ambition if nothing else. Heathen Chemistry - exhaustion, resignation and lack of any inspiration - is a more appropriate comparison.
Times bad when Trump is on the money
Scotland? For me.
Nigel Farage 36m36 minutes ago Trump is right. This Brexit deal closes off our global opportunities.
Result, it’s getting better May, Hammond, Gove, Fox, Rudd, Mordaunt, Leadsom, Javid, Hunt, Williamson, all out of the Cabinet and back on the backbenches until with luck P45. Would Barclay be the shortest tenure Brexit Sec, hope so. The other also rans I can’t be bothered 2 name
Not now, Dave. We can do grammar next April.
The latest The GlobalPressPass Daily! Thanks to #brexit #energy
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says Get big Don on the Brexit negotiating team.
We’re heading for a hard no deal #Brexit make no mistake about it. In reverse GodFather parlance, the #EU have made the #UK an offer they can’t accept. They’d be absolutely bonkers to accept the terms on offer. Complete capitulation. If ever the UK needed a Mrs T figure it’s now
BBC News - Is Olly Robbins the 'real' Brexit secretary?
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all || By Nick Cohen
Anyone else noticed that #brexit seems to really have all been about #fishing instead of leaving EU &amp; leaving us with no leverage WHY don't we stay in &amp; fight to reform and change fishing policy?? The rest of us won't be financially ruined whilst fishing is sorted out from within
President Donald Trump criticized the emerging Brexit deal for Great Britain to leave the European Union on Monday.
.#TheresaMay has thoroughly betrayed her people. They voted for a #Brexit. They deserve a #Brexit.
Swaps users wary of hedge accounting hit from #Brexit transfer, from in -
Christ on a bike. Here we go with the focusing on fishing again. The street I work on in London makes more for the country than the whole industry. How about we refocus on something that will still employ people in 20 years? #Brexit
Are you a member of the Labour Party or not. If you vote for Brexit you only have your conscious to live with. Your action will be disgusting so shame on you. You are a horrible person and not fit to be a member.
He gave the best speech to the house today - you can see that from 's snarling response! #Brexit
Is it beyond imagination that when Theresa May became leader of the Tories, her plan was to fight for #Brexit and to fulfil the referendum result in the knowledge that the end game would always come to this. Leavers and Remainers united around a deal they both hate.
DUP can’t support Theresa May deal which gives NI no say in EU laws, says Nigel Dodds #Brexit #DUP18 #BreakTheBackstop #DitchTheDeal
I’m with Time to #telljeremy it’s time to back a #PeoplesVote on the #FinalSay. I loaned your my vote in 2017. It won’t happen again until you oppose the damage Brexit will do. Democracy did not end in June 16
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
Our new BLOG discusses the implications that a ‘hard Brexit’ could have on the supply chain, and the inevitable disruptions you should be aware of
Drinking game - drink every time you hear the word 'Brexit' || Whole of the fuxin UK would be drunk 24/7 run
That’s because it’s owned by Rupert Murdock or were you not aware of that either??
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' by 2030 - BBC News
I’m so fed up of politicians, sick of the lot of them all hurling their toys out of the pram.
DUP can’t support Theresa May deal which gives NI no say in EU laws, says Nigel Dodds #Brexit #DUP18 #BreakTheBackstop...
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
I love this comment!
May’s deal means EU will always have upper hand over UK! #NoDeal #Brexit will ensure clean exit from EU with no strings attached and without having to pay £39 billions in divorce bill. #Brussels
Imagine, tories have not learnt from that after dodgy Dave had no plan B. What does competence mean??
BREAKING BREXIT MEANS EXIT SUNDAY 9TH DECEMBER via
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
No. 10 has confirmed that during her visit to N. Ireland tomorrow, the Prime Minister will meet students, academics, community and religious leaders at and political leaders at Stormont. #Brexit
UK #Music boss warns #Brexit could put live music at risk
Oh Dear.. the #FBPE fanatics are out in force again. MUST. NOT. TALK. ABOUT. ANYTHING. BUT #BREXIT If you Bloody read the thing, it’s about immigrants you fkn boring TWATS !!!
Why Donald Trump thinks the Brexit deal is no good for US-UK trade #Brexit
Brexit showdown puts Britain's fault lines on full, irate display | CBC News
It must be. by a series of logical truths: 1) They knew what they were voting for. Namely, "Brexit". 2) This is "Brexit". 3) Therfore It must be what they voted for. Apendix i: If it isn't, then it still must be as brexit was never defined but it's called brexit so...is.
‘Has she FORGOTTEN?’ Jacob Rees-Mogg CONDEMNS May over £39bn EU divorce bill
Yeah but I agree with him. If you gave me the choice between this deal or staying in the EU I would rather stay in the EU and I've been a strong Brexit supporter all along, but this is the absolute worst deal we could have ever gotten. The EU gets everyhing and we get nothing.
Don’t crash the markets to drive through this bad Brexit deal
What is the point of *this*? It’s incredible how far we’ve drifted from sanity in British politics #BrexitShambles
The problem with the latest Brexit growth forecasts via
No one very much cares what the Labour Party position on Brexit actually is, and even fewer know
Well, it will be an abysmal disaster for the UK if we sign up to it
If you win best of British this year have you become the dj poster person for brexit??? Do you win a chance to play back to back at next years Tory conference with Rees Mogg? #kingoftheashes
Any news bulletin about Brexit. Oh, sorry, you didn't want satire? Try any of those Educating....TV series, then.
Is it a coincidence that the are reporting on migrants crossing the channel just as the stakes get higher, not seen a report for a long time, #brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos seems a bit divisive to me
We having trotted our the nonsense that Tories should move over &amp; let us negotiate which is bordering on childish bc the Tories will never do that. We need to be clear on Brexit &amp; as Molly says firmly back a #PeoplesVote . We need do to look like a Gov. in waiting JC4PM
EU will be in charge we cannot make deals with anyone in less EU say so this is Mays Deal it stinks , Mays Deal must be Voted down
Trump Says Brexit Deal Could Mean U.K. Can't Trade With U.S. #Topbuzz
I have endless admiration for this woman and her like. All I can do is splutter "he's a wanker" which isn't even cathartic these days. Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
how many think May will still be Prime Minister this time next year? having brought us all to disaster she'll be off into the night, hiking boots on &amp; singing 'the hills are alive' while the rest of us buckle down to 4% loss of GDP &amp;decades more austerity to pay for tory #brexit
Oh look, the Scottish Governments proposal all along. Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B
File under the, 'You couldn't make it up' category. Really? It's come to this?
Strike that last tweet. Trump's a f*cking moron. #PeoplesVote #newsnight #r4today
I thought u were best buds with just give him a call and sort it all out What's the biggy after all you claimed it would take 48hrs to do a deal with the US move over nige has this in the bag #Brexit #NigelFarage
Wouldn’t it be great if they got relegated again ... it would put the misery of Brexit out of mind if the famous Manchester United got relegated on the last day of the season and Jose got headbutted by sir Robert charlton
A real enviable position, reigning over the ashes of #Brexit The Tories would probably gift Corbyn the next three elections
Initiative crushed!
Tomorrow Theresa May is to start her tour of the UK selling her Brexit deal to the public, beginning in Wales where she’ll visit the Winter Fair.
via 'Don't rely on Brits getting BORED!' Radio host has STERN warning for Brexit minister #UK_News
Definitely
Cry. Me. A. River.
No mate you are right,but you must admit brexit is a complete mess made by the tories.
Theresa May: "I challenge Jeremy Corbyn to a televised debate on the Brexit deal which I'm sure he won't accept." Corbyn:
Worth your time.
#Traitors we will not forget at the next GE. #DitchTheDeal
All Trump is doing is telling us the truth, unlike our Prime Minister who is lying to us, repeatedly and brazenly.
"The House of Commons has never surrendered to anybody." Utter bullshit. It surrendered in 1985 when it agreed to Single European Act, and again in 1992 when it agreed to Maastricht Treaty and so on #Brexit
Hey Nigel Mrs May says the uk people are bored with brexit hahaha So if we reject the chequers plan surely best only solution is a no deal and wto to get out thee EU as quick possible= WTO ASAP and wasted 2 years and 18 billion circa
Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public
And many that didn't feel qualified to vote last might few ready to express their wish. A bigger Leave win would actually be helpful to healing the wounds brexit has caused.
Watch this space. #trump #bannon #brexit
Well, honestly, we'd be far better staying in the #EU #Remain #RevokeArticle50 since for a whole host of reasons we're better off in the EU - security, economics, trade, freedom of movement - all make us more and not less secure!
How can a "majority" want #PeoplesVote when there's nothing definitive re process? Let's see some clarity and an understanding of PV b4 going off half-cocked, again! Remember #Brexit? There's no collective "majority" re #Brexit or PV b/c there are so many different perceptions.
1. Russia escalates against Ukraine 2.Russian airstrikes in Syria risking agreement there 3. Did Russia do both of above this weekend because Europe distracted by Brexit? 4 Russia see US not being tough on Saudis re #Khashoggi? Putin see US vulnerable before G-20? Discuss.
The Brexit people won’t be happy.
I only came across him the other day on Twitter which is amazing when you consider he's been lecturing on this for past two years. It's a downright shame that he and other ppl with his knowledge were not put on TV programmes as pundits on Brexit discussion programmes.
Very circular.
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-British trade; UK differs
What odds would I get on Theresa May to be gone by Christmas #Brexit #Newsnight
The Prime Minister is sounding more like the leader of UKIP and less like a Conservative Party leader, every day. The queue jumping quote is exactly the sort of thinly veiled xenophobia that we would have expected to hear from them. #Brexit Wrecksit.
also recognises that the EU has tied the hands of the UK in 's #Brexit surrender. She is the only one who can't see it has no chance of going through Parliament. #BlockTheBrexitDeal
Because she is a weak deluded woman who's become blind to reality, she has lost the bleeding plot Helen!
Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson defends Brexit and reveals why he voted to leave the EU
&gt;the Caravan mess in Mexico or the GM plant closing; maybe even the BREXIT move to take our attn. away from the Mueller probe.
I added a video to a playlist Fake Accents Unite: Barmy Brexit and the Migrant Caravan
Friedrich Hollaender's ‘An allem sind die Juden schuld’ (It’s all the fault of the Jews) to the tune of the ‘Habanera’ from Carmen - needs only slight rewording to 'It's all the fault of the EU' to make it fit #brexit. Those who cannot learn from history..
Trump has apparently said there will be no trade agreement with us because of Brexit plan! Thought I'd let you know in case my retweet took some time! Jan
Wetherspoon chairman to go on Brexit tour of pubs
Brexit has nothing to do with none-EU migration
you could share with your students
WHAT PLANET IS SOPEL FROM SAYING THE -PC ANTI-BREXIT BBC IS IMPARTIAL EH LOL
Make it a #GeneralElectionNow
Johnson tweeting from his ass as usual.
Will May’s one-woman tour succeed in selling her Brexit deal? via
Such statements from Mrs May prove just how out of touch with reality she is and its the Conservative MPs who continue to prop her up by supporting her "Non Brexit Deal" who will be the most likely to lose their Seat at the next GE, she needs to go now. #NoOrdinaryJoe
If Giles Clarke is backing remain, does this mean we were wrong about Brexit?
Wanting what's best for an ally is what allies do best.
I've had an amazing visit to Bosnia, I hope Brexit doesn't stand in the way of a closer relationship. I think someone should make haggis burek!
Should Theresa May try to renegotiate her Brexit deal?
Representatives of 11 UK universities in Israel with post-Brexit delegation - #GoogleAlerts
#brexit what do we have to offer the eu to get what the anti may deal mps think they can get a better deal with, can someone explain that to me. Apart from acces to the uk fishing grounds there is nothing else.
Idiots voted for Brexit, idiots voted for Corbyn, idiots follow Morgan
re: brexit, if so inclined, email your mp. use what voice we have.
You lot got Corbyn in, now he's not resisting brexit and working with the Tories to ensure we brexit, which will lead to a Tory Government and more austerity and goodbye NHS. You need to do something quick. This is on your heads too.
Its fine but he doesn't point out that any version of Brexit will leave us worse off than we are now.
Theresa May faces MPs in the Commons after EU leaders back her Brexit de... Don't cry baby bird. Mother bird will take care of you. I'm done.
Bruised and battered May begs for public’s support on reviled Brexit deal — RT UK News
Do your duty. Vote it down. Leave with no deal. WTO. I just voted leave. Not leave if we get a deal. No deal is certainly better than this deal
Deal with it how? You're still pushing Brexit, when there is *no* better deal to be had, even if the EU were prepared to come back to the table. Which they aren't.
UK PM May to business: my Brexit deal gives you the certainty you need
pre brexit, post brexit there wont be any change until those who *truly* deserve the help actually get it.
Let’s hope they do a full inquiry into the handling of Brexit by May. It smells rotten as the fish they throw dead to the bottom of the sea. I’m sure they will find some irregularities that contravene her duties to our nation.#FarageOnLBC
The meaningless vote on Brexit is to take place on the 11th of December 2018.
I was about to tweet something political about #Brexit, but what's the point? She doesn't listen to us. Those of us who sent her back to the commons with a group she had to prop up with a £1billion bribe to Northern Ireland MPs...
I have lost count of the amount of businesses that have moved out of London since this BREXIT Farce started....
Donald Trump attacks Theresa May's Brexit deal as a 'great deal for the EU' via
Gman is probably tied up debating brexit or going to corbyn rallies. He gets really moody for a guy. Almost cries when things dont go his way. Typical leftie
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe Simon Jenkins History may compare the handling of a defeated and depressed Russia in the 1990s to that of Germany after 1918 Mon 26 Nov 2018 11.53 GMT
With respect, that’s utter bollocks. Look at society. How many people do you think would dream of waking up every day and fighting brexit instead of fighting hunger? The poor get shat on regardless. A GE is their best hope at ending the madness of brexit AND giving them hope.
When #Brexit is done and dusted, what we'll mostly remember is the laughs
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Good judgement I'd say
well....the Nazis are out of the asylum again I see.
You're talking about whether they have changed their minds about brexit, I'm talking about support for a #PeoplesVote
True, in a sporting contest her trainer would have thrown in the towel as soon as she walked out of HoC #WheresPhil
Remember, all of this is happening because the Tories were up against the much-ridiculed Ed Miliband in 2015, yet were unable to establish a lead. So they gambled on a Brexit referendum.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Something tells me that if theresa may goes ahead with her Brexit In Name Only deal she could be signing the conservatives death certificate at the next general election.
So he’d say nothing of weight on Brexit is what you’re saying?
There are some good Brexit supporters across all parties businesses etc. There should have been a cross party Brexit committee doing the work and negotiations. Not a staunch remainder and lion share of the cabinet being remainders! Not their agenda to get a good deal.
Inquest into death of Exeter bomber Nicky Reilly begins; Relief at UAE release of academic; Fishermen's warning to French on Brexit #Tuesday #tomorrowspaperstoday
Is Hillary Clinton being paid to speak out against Brexit? If she's against Brexit, tells me its a good thing for the people. EU isn't working, more countries will leave. Dick Morris used to work in the Clinton White House. Video 2 min.40 secs
And just in case any of you benighted Brexiteers were daft enough to think this vegetable might ride to your rescue... BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
All should have none of it! Deselection awaits them
Brexit: Trump hints May’s Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
"A sailor's salute to your squalid Brexit, your shabby xenophobia &amp; Little Englander mentality. Two fingers to you &amp; your unity from this proud citizen of nowhere. I &amp; roughly half the country will never forgive you or your party." #FuckBrexit
We have many capable people in the UK qualified
How many of us actually give a fuck about the fisheries sector with regard to brexit, it's not really something that grabs my interest.... &amp; it's not something people thought of in the vote.
Yes. If Corbyn's whip is to force Labour MPs to abstain on May's deal then I see no way back for Labour. I for one will never vote for them again. Such betrayal of party members is terminal.
Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson defends Brexit and reveals why he voted to leave the EU
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral. Love love love this! #PeoplesVote
Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson defends Brexit and reveals why he voted to leave the EU
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via I guarantee he has no idea what the deal actually says! He is just talking bullshit as usual!
I think the Brexit vote will see many Conservative and Labour MP's not follow their party leaders and whip directives. I believe all votes in parliament should be free so that MP's can vote with their own conscience. That would be far more democratic.
We are not going to live under a dictatorship.
You would get better responses from High School kids. They know more about history and world events and speak in full sentences.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
24/52- Just like for 1946 Indian Constituent Assembly Election &amp; 2014 Scots’ Freedom Vote, Brits rigged the “Brexit”/“Boexit” Referendum
Generations to come will not forgive us. It is time for a second referendum | Michael Heseltine
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I have just seen a #TV advert from a #UK outdoor clothing brand. Not sure if they may have a negative double meaning with a #Brexit political undertone to the advert! See what you think folks!
Seeing the ongoing support that the Tory loving fisherman dodies leader is spouting for May's Brexit deal … he is either really dumb or has been promised a gong or perhaps a subsidy to rival that of our lazy farmers.
Resign
Sky Data -- a member of the British Polling Council -- surveyed 987 Sky customers via SMS on 26th November 2018 [today]. 66% of respondents support holding a televised debate between the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition.
For the first time in over 40 years #EFTA is suddenly a topic of conversation across the Home Counties! Not just #BREXIT but also #EEA #EEC #EU #WTO. Who would ever have thought it?
Fishing policy post Brexit. Please can someone tell us about who owns our quota for the over 10m fleet? And why has so much been sold to non-union fleet?
Why do you think that giving the far-right what they want - Brexit - is a good tactic for defeating them? This isn’t factional, this is common sense
Tell Theresa may what you think of the Brexit deal
List us the benefits of the new Brexit deal:
I seem to remember the BBC applauding Obama’s criticism of Brexit. Hypocrites.
May struggles to sell Brexit deal to hostile Commons
Not according to this report, more likely FoM haters are just more vocal It possibly made the difference in the referendum with some of the dubious adverts, but there is a big rump where sovereignty has always been the main issue.
My MP, was intelligent and wise enough *NOT* to vote for triggering Article 50 the day after the Referendum. What did do?
never seen anything more brexit than ashley barnes, sam vokes and chris wood upfront for burnley. long balls into the big men. burnley proper brexit team. tears in my eyes. joke none of them have an england cap just they dont play poofter chicken tikka takker like foren poofs
The last 8 years have seen the Tories take £1 TRILLION, so the Brexit loss is chicken feed to them.
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper US-UK trade via
Let's be real. At no point in time since the UK voted on #Brexit has EVER spoken for the British people.
Generations to come will not forgive us. It is time for a second referendum | Michael Heseltine
Why, I wonder Andrea, are you and all the rest of the Brexit machine like Wigmore et al going into Twitter overdrive. Is there a troublesome time ahead for Little England? I sincerely hope so.
I'm pitching an idea to RTÉ: Brendan O'Neill is marooned on a desert island &amp; quickly descends into barbarity and cannibalism. Kindly natives teach him fire but he throws away civilisation for the promise of glory from the great god brexit...(to be continued)
#BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Donald Trump warns US-UK trade on BRINK due to May's EU deal
Lammy it will be about as massive as your brain!!!!
I know it made me laugh too ,what an idiot this guy is ! Terrible BBC headline as well
They should be named and shamed. Sick
Well here`s a spunky little number, and free to download ... that`s Mom singing. Course that was a couple of years ago, but at 82 she still had a whacking punky voice. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Is that a warning?
Many Scots are unenthused by a 2nd Brexit vote. Since Scotland’s wishes were ignored last time they ask how things would be different if the same situation arose after a #PeoplesVote If you really want to build consensus perhaps worth engaging with a degree of personal warmth.
No deal is better than a bad deal We didn't vote for a #Brexit betrayal Please sign and retweet this petition as widely as possible #StandUp4Brexit #skypapers
Why the “WTO option” for Brexit will prove tricky - The Economist explains
That’s just incorrect he’s the definition of Brexit
Grassroots anti-Brexit groups urge Donald Tusk to keep door open for no Brexit | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
Spot on George.
I wish you all the best Madame Prime Minister. If BREXIT fails, then do another Referundum. Don't lose heart.
I would but my MP has thus far ignored 6 emails I have sent regarding Brexit. I'll not bother sending a 7th. #messageunderstood
the better deal they’re talking about us our current EU membership. Please communicate this to all your news and current affairs broadcasters.
Interesting #Brexit poll:
So much for American isolationism under Trump. His size 27 boot stamps on Theresa May's Brexit deal. The much vaunted Special Relationship has sunk in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE #breaking
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
He won't as he wants to leave.
So we’re listening to all of a sudden?
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
Donald Trump: Brexit agreement is 'great deal for EU'
Amending other bills makes disorderly exit more likely and labour will get the blame for a disorderly Brexit. Not v wise or effective. Tory Brexiteers have more experience of guerrilla warfare last employed against Major during passage of Maastricht treaty.
King Arthur and Robin Hood team up movie! Two negatives make a positive, so combing two flops will make a success? Robin Hood and King Arthur do a heist and then kill a dragon - and it's all somehow a confused Brexit allegory
Are there no depths to which this bad PM wont stoop Rebel MPs 'offered peerages' as May builds votes for Brexit deal via
Chuka Umunna: Theresa May will use a recession-era tactic to push through her Brexit deal
Totally agree, but David Cameron also to blame
But Steve has been shouting the answer to everyone - its so simple really - Stop Brexit!
She said, “The overwhelming view is ‘Get on with it and do what the vote says.’” Maybe that was true a year ago, but now more are BOB - bored of #Brexit - like below.
This will be great... A remainer fighting for brexit to happen against a famed euro-sceptic saying he wants to stay in the EU It’s like asking a Brit to tech you how to survive in the sun and an American to teach you gun control
Q Sir, it was different. You decided to prosecute everyone at the border. Q What’s your reaction to the Brexit deal that the EU and Britain (inaudible)? THE PRESIDENT: Sounds like a great deal for the EU. And I think we have to do this — Q (Inaudible.)
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
They'll cute against it, but it's what they do next that really matters, unless the membership can convince Corbyn to back a #PeoplesVote and Remain the front bench will get the brexit they wanted anyway.
He's saving Brexit. Gotta love the Trump
As a New Zealander who also holds a British passport it’ll be a sad day if/when all this Brexit crap gets finalised!
This from the man who barely reads anything in full, if at all (allegedly). Has dismissed the US own results in Climate Change out of hand, having read a brief synopsis. So I seriously doubt he’s even glanced at the 500 page Interim Brexit document ...
If you’re a Singer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
fed up of this brexit malarkey
Tragically Gove betrayed Boris. We needed a PM who believed in Brexit and would approach the negotiations sceptically, not as a form of damage limitation.
Time to take to the barricades
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
No thanks. I will not support a sell out of our sovereignty
I was astonished that in your interview by Jon Snow on tonight you repeated hopes and aspirations for #Brexit as if they were future facts. Misleading people who don't know to get the result you want makes all of us very cynical about politics.
Lmao the people of England still don't know what the deal actually is, that document don't say shit and no one can be arsed to read whatever dictionary ass book they've put out there, if they've even done that.
LISTEN: Jeremy Corbyn - Theresa May’s deal will leave the UK in the ‘worst of all worlds’ /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Trump hates May's deal because it stops the UK becoming de facto 51st State.
wait did the eu and britain agree on brexit conditional or what did I miss
We need Brexiteers to think, not blink. Brexit was finished by #GE17, and all the rest is just damage limitation.
Brexit: Trump hints May’s Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Dude you should brexit
Hi this still applies now Theresa xx
Given Brexit, maybe a job swap...
DUP “Back in December we advised the prime minister not to sign up to such a deal but she went ahead. And the provisos we secured and she entered into then.... she is now casting aside.” #BreakTheBackstop #DitchTheDeal #Brexit
WTF are you on (about) now... Racists only voted for Brexit.
President is as always unforgivably honest - and much shrewder than his enemies admit.
When those Banks/Farage Russian links finally break where will that leave you Bob? Putin has played our political process like a fiddle. Europe destabilised. A Brexit to stop the EU gunning for our offshore tax havens and tracing the Russian mafia's dirty money. Job done.
That sounds more like a threat.
It has been for the last 5 years!! Brexit is just useful and was so easy to ignite. It’s in no ones interest except....? Exactly! ...Why are people so blind. Listen to today’s RU UNSC statement. It’s a classic.
It occurred to me earlier today that the only person who could realistically guide us out of Brexit is Maximilian Zorin.
Reckon Sean Dyche is sat in corner just wishing for the day when Brexit happens so all foreigners can fuck off back to their own leagues
Tell me, now that Corbyn has said a ppl’s vote should’nt be part of a TV debate on Brexit how does that sq with ‘I dont think a ppls vote is out of the question nor does Labour’? Simply more lies.
knows the score #brexit #imaceleb
No one buy the daily mail as simple as that
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
The main thing is that Theresa May is forced out of office. She has made a complete mess of #Brexit and her limitations now are painfully obvious. That she may be a "nice" person is entirely irrelevant. Her chances of survival? About 1% :)
he has played v peculiar rôle since May is so dogged I suppose if only no-deal Brexit is available and they never move against her or overthrow her she might just stay on and say Right I'll deliver a managed no-deal and carry on regardless like she's done so far?
Brilliant. Makes me so sad to think that unless we resist more they might get their Brexit.
the simple inconsistency at the core of #tory May's #brexit intransigence...
Over to you jezza
Excl: Theresa May today challenges Jeremy Corbyn to a historic live TV debate on her Brexit deal - "I have got a plan. He hasn’t";
never seen anything more brexit than ashley barnes, sam vokes and chris wood upfront for burnley. long balls into the big men. burnley proper brexit team. tears in my eyes. joke none of them have an england cap just cos they dont play poofter chicken tikka takker like foren poofs
Would there be any positive consequence of BREXIT?
And also, I don’t give a damn about chlorine. I DO give a damn about Brexit forcing us to be Trumps bitch. Still, at least we’ve taken back control...
Petition: Repeal the EU Withdrawal Act to Prevent Accidental No-deal Brexit
That's far from the real issue, when Brexit happens, the EU may conduct a ground invasion.
GREAT DEAL FOR WHOM? Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade via
doesn't understand umbrellas so he's really not going to understand brexit. Go and play golf.
Great. Can't come soon enough.
Well there's a shocker. Still, we've a good relationship with the EU where 49% of our exports go. What? You mean we're pointlessly making that more difficult because of Brexit? How idiotic. But I thought we held all the cards?
The fix was in from the day after Brexit won the referendum. The only reason the vote was allowed is that the EU fans could not conceive of it losing. They were/are totally out of touch with how most Britain’s feel. To Blair,Major, Brown, etc you are just serfs to them.
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
#brexit ?? It EU head germany who is funding the russian economy over greedy natural gas deals
The result was primarily "an economically driven protest vote from many of these communities, rather than stemming from a deep-rooted antipathy to EU membership itself" We all know this. The scandal is neither major Party consulted or spoke the truth.
Who tf wants a gold players pack EA u bunch of clapped Canadian migrants, 1 fucking rare which is probably gonna be some paki who plays in the Scottish league Brexit means Brexit fuming
Tory heavyweights and opposition MPs savage May's Brexit deal
Many think the House of Lords is for dinosaurs, which might give some members of the DUP a problem as I am led to believe some of them don’t buy into the dino thing... so more likely another few billion £ going to NI?
Couldn’t care less about the imbecile in Chief masquerading as POTUS. The fawning, sycophantic, vomit inducing behaviour of our press when ever the Orange one babbles some incoherent cr*p is embarrassing and unworthy. Focus on the real Brexit issues.
Why can't brexiters ever take responsibility for their actions ? They'll blame absolutely anyone else for trhe failure of their ridiculous dream, a successful brexit.
Looks good but can we PLEASE have costs &amp; benefits of each proposal compared to current position. NB the £39 BN is payable WHATEVER! #PeoplesVote #newsnight
Business owner and staunch Remainer. Keep the pressure on for a #PeoplesVote
More so than Brexit? Nah. I’m just being realistic. I realize it’s not a good deal. But leaving without one? That’s a tragedy waiting to happen. I give her credit for being able to come up with something. Everyone else bitches. I doubt they could beat that deal. People’s vote!
Yes, but who cares what a corrupt, pathological narcissist who thinks sexual assault is acceptable and puts children in camps (when he's not using tear gas on them) thinks?
I would trust Labour over Tories on Brexit anyday
Nowhere %
Hey Debenhams, did you know you appear on Arron Banks' website? #brexit
Brexit is like cutting of a body part... on top of that you get a deal that you have to pay billions with your own money. epic failure.. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
just wondering... as your constituents voted to remain in 2016 and it’s clear #brexit will leave #macclesfield worse off, will you vote against the deal on 11 Dec and support a #PeoplesVote?
In the U.K. there is a delightful term used, a ‘gammon’. You should do a brief search. It’s typically used to describe Brexit-supporting morons.
Funny that because you and your cohorts are masters of the art of completely dismissive behaviour. The people of your country who voted against Brexit , Almost every political party on the island and the vast majority of the business community , the DUP don’t listen to them.
Prime Minister Theresa May to visit Wales as she fights for Brexit support
#Brexit these bozos should be held to account.
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No. 10’s ‘rebuttal’
She's just trying to get brexit through parliament
No, but any that continue to support Brexit will hopefully not be in the job after the next GE.
Myopic mouse tries to convince younger nice that there's no elephant in the room...
These people made it worth logging on to Twitter today. #cybermonday #brexit
Yes I think that’s a fair assessment but the rise of far right nationalism here and in Europe should not be underestimated whether or not a factor in the Brexit vote.
Probably - after all this: 1. WTO terms, deciding to keep borders open with Europe (unless and until they decide to close them) 2. Negotiate several clauses in the agreement to give it the meaning that the PM is saying it has. 3. EFTA 4. Cancel Brexit. 5. This deal
May to visit Belfast on Tuesday in attempt to sell Brexit deal via
May thinks in the next 2 weeks she can 'Sell' her Brexit means noBrext deal. How arrogant! EVERYONE who lives in vote leave area, with an MP throwing 2 fingers at them. NOW is the time to group and start the Pprocess of pushing them to resign. Don't wait for them to Vote - PUSH
Genius. Get that man a brown shirt!
Hahaha; what planet are you on? Tony Blair is like a Brexit plant; he's a proven liar that took the UK to an illegal war based on a pack of lies.
What is the point of this debate? There’s only a commons vote left. Instead of grandstanding it would be nice to see our political “leaders” take the time to think about the people of this country and not their egos
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Is this a spoof or an exercise in irony?
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
When people of Spain see the UK today they will see ‘a moment’ when they look at German for example they will see a lifetime. The best thing for immigration is the Brexit we have now.
But.. But.. Fish.. Brexit..
Dislike this woman immensely for being untruthful.
#Labour to block #PeoplesVote taking part in #Brexit TV debate
Well you were talking about parliamentary opposition right? So again I completely agree with you on brexit, don't get me wrong, but do you really think that the 1 green mp (the fantastic you) is making a big difference, or providing a great deal of opposition to the government?
Simply he is telling that she was not telling the truth to British people. She is lying again like Boris and Gove and others
For the welsh brexit lunatics
Theresa May doesn't have the desire to do a good BREXIT deal; she never supported it.
This man is lying about an already biased report funded by foreign capitalists who want to end nation states and democracy, who shorted the pound in the 90s and cost the nation billions.
Theresa give me a couple of million, I'll say yes!!!!!
Does he declare this interest every time he talks down the UK with his anti-Brexit hate speech? Does he get paid by the hour or by the word?
As predicted, #Newsnight tonight will be devoted to more Brexit chatter - hardly a tough call, eh? And I spy the hopeless Polly Toynbee too. Is 'Newsnight' turning into the 'Guardian'?
May says “if we were in the backstop WE would be deciding who has access [to our fishing waters].” Totally missing the point that the backstop is otherwise catastrophically bad for the country and bad for the success of Brexit. She must know this.
for the win
You support May and her deal which is very bad for UK and very good for the EU. We do not want a govt who ignores the public's vote and breaks all promises made to electorate. cares about British public and the UK -we want a PM like him:
Theresa May’s new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed — This was the best deal because it was the only deal. People wanted certainty and she was giving them the guaranteed certainty of prolonged uncertainty. By
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Well there you go then so BREXIT isn't your problem you can cozy up to your valuable European friends anytime you want.
Vote of no confidence doesn’t necessarily mean a GE simply a new Tory leader, Brexit, new bloody #Tory govt for 5 years.
I know things are bad in the UK with Brexit but at least we do not have this! This is so dangerous. Death penalty for having or performing an abortion? So much for being “pro life”
The UK have been poking their collective snouts into Irish affairs for hundreds of years you numpty. If they didn't create a mess in partitioning Ireland, or indeed creating Brexit, then Irish politicians wouldn't need to speak about UK affairs. Your ignorance is amusing.
Do we leavers still get our Brexit if Leave won a 2nd vote AGAIN? Or would it be denied in the 'national interest'? In which case what's fair about holding 'a peoples vote' (especially as we had one in 2016).
Sell out by the whole establishment
Theresa May has defended her proposed Brexit deal in the Commons in the face of sustained criticism from the opposition and many Conservative MPs. She said the deal delivered on the result of the EU referendum - and MPs will get to vote on it on 11 December.
There's already a far right resurgence - it's called Brexit
When Germany decides to have a go at France again, after they surrender, they can GO FUCK THEMSELVES #NODEALS #outmeansOUT
Can somebody confirm that the Republic of #Ireland say that they would not put a border check point if it was a “No Deal #Brexit”
I would respect her more by doing the right thing and have her whiskey and ditched Cheques and give the British People the Brexit they want and not appeasing the EEU Dictatorship
do you know how you will vote in the Brexit vote yet?
wish he'd relish ending brexit .... unfortunately she will win ....
It’s simple are liars peddling Brexit #BrexitBroadcastingCorporation #BBCSwitchoff
These things are always stage managed and are for the likes of Robert peston etc to push government agenda .she wouldn’t allow herself to be exposed in front of real brexiteers this is like the whole of brexit a stage managed game at the expense of the British public
Trumps got a big ego and gloated that brexit would be a success. He’d make sure the deal would be good for both countries.
Corbyn is rejecting it.
Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This disappointing document confirms that this negotiation does not deliver Brexit, and does not give us control of our laws, money and borders, any time soon, with the risk that it might never properly do so.
Blimey you're all set Matthew. Good luck and don't mention Brexit at your citizenship interview. Let me know how your application progresses :~)
REMAINERS: Please email your MP, requesting s/he vote against May's Brexit deal. Leave lied &amp; broke the law in the 23/6 ref. All impact analysis shows Remain hugely preferable to any Brexit, incl May's. It is perverse to destroy the future of the 80% of youth who want to remain.
This is yet more orange coloured tripe
This traitor deserves more than cruel, and she is about to feel the wrath of the TRUE PATRIOTIC BRITISH PEOPLE..She is a self serving globalist puppet put as PM to do their bidding. If she thinks the people are going to let her destroy Britain she is in for a rude awakening
The protracted Brexit negotiations have revealed the weaknesses of leaving the EU and the benefits of remaining in the EU. The UK citizens know this and the "will of the people" has changed.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade via
Donald Trump has warned that Theresa May‘s proposed Brexit deal may make trade with the US more difficult....
Theresa May tells MPs: no Brexit deal comes without a backstop
Trump does us a favour? Says Brexit deal may damage UK-US trade via
Will back #BrexitDeal for Knighthood. Will commit electoral crimes for Peerage. Other #Brexit services at reasonable rates!
But May's deal actually is a Customs Union! The full works, backstop or not.
Petition: The UK should not agree the UN's Global Compact for Migration This is being kept quiet by the #FakeNews msm This act by the UN will flood the West with the 3rd world even more so than now, &amp; make it illegal to resist! #Brexit #PeoplesVote #qanon
So some Brexiteers think we tòok back control to hand it out to their pal #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
Unexpected Brexit in bagging area...
I want to hear what those protesters have to say a damn sight more than I do Marr, Neil and Humphrys.
Love him or hate him, Pres Trump is the little boy who isn't afraid to remind the emperor he's still naked.
It’s a shame UK spends billions on other countries while taxpayers are facing tough austerity and #NHS is a giant mismanaged sinkhole!Big fat bosses make more money than PM, while patients suffer due to severe cuts to essential services. Are we really 5th richest country? #Brexit
Selective memories ...
Tomorrow's front page: Theresa May confirms live TV clash with Jeremy Corbyn on night of #ImACelebrity final
“Cannot sit back and watch vital public services like our NHS be damaged by Brexit.. not what Leave voters were promised” Figures show rise in number of EU nationals leaving the NHS since Brexit vote | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
As planned May is closing down the positives of Brexit .
See below - you happy with deal? I bet you are - it’s great for big banks and big EU loving corporations.
The only scenario that makes any sense now is that the #Brexit withdrawl agreement goes to a vote in parliament. The government loses the vote, Theresa May immediately calls for a vote of confidence, which she wins and then she rescinds Article 50 immediately.
With respect you are talking uttwr bollocks. Because of Brexit money is going to be diverted from areas to fight hunger to things like border patrol and protecting tariff regimes and backing up no deal plans. Hope you are happy....
#bbcnews why no mention of UK quotas sold to foreign fishing fleets?
Thick thick skin and Olly Robbins' blinkers #BrexitShambles
Migrant Boat News Another boat of migrants on the news tonight. Strange how after 6 months of lovely weather they choose to do it now in the worst conditions. Oh silly me we’re about to have a Brexit vote !
I would be really surprised if any EU nationals living in UK (or UK nationals living in EU) forgave her | Theresa May admits she was wrong to say EU nationals 'jump the queue' to enter the UK
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11 -
Rubbish put out by a Party in freefall. If this Brexit deal goes ahead then dont be surprised when Tories lise the next election by a large margin. There is no point voting for a Party that only delivers bullsh1t.
I’d says it’s gone to new heights!
But his corporate mates will happily take our NHS
Very important that you should read this because it is possible to abandon the madness of brexit and remain in the EU
Seeing "Brexit: a really simple guide" as a title really bothers me. Surely if it was that simple we wouldn't need a simplified guide. Is it just me?
#Labour to #block #PeoplesVote taking part in #Brexit TV #debate
We’ve already got a shambles, which is why we need to change our leader with someone to show some spine and resolve. We are British and have a long track record of overcoming challenges and facing down scaremongering threats.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
At least she's never been outjumped by an Argentine dwarf.
Trump: UK May Not Be Able To Trade With US Under Theresa May's Brexit Deal
Sounds like they weren't gonna let Brexit happen one way or another. Is it gonna take a war to break up the EU? Sheesh! I bet that's the whole damn plan too.
You'll never walk alone except if you really want to farewell, Great Britannia #Brexit
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate Any self respecting member of the Labour party should leave now because your glorified leader has no interest in you or your wishes. I have more respect for Theresa May and I loathe her views.
Which would be safest - maintaining trade with EU or trying to trade with this fickle 'America first' president? BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Are you/do you have a dog who would like to take part in an Antoine de Caulnes docu-film about creative resistance to Brexit?
Seems obvious May’s Brexit deal is dead in the water (unless she offers around 150 knighthoods) so why extend the charade? Might as well vote it out now and get on with a no confidence vote and if that fails push the second referendum. #standdownmay
Or: May's deal voted down in Dec. MPs faced with opening a Pandora's box of far-right forces of Brexit is abandoned, leaving no deal, Canada (w/o solution to NI border) or Norway + customs arrangement. Latter does not leave us without influence and avoids major economic shock
Can you please share with your views on the Brexit deal? Apologies if you have already done so and I have missed it
Don't see connected to events on saudi Arabia . I would say there are threads connected one and two though
Love Island's Zara McDermott deletes Twitter following Brexit backlash: Too much Brexit-debate related abuse led Zara to deactivate her Twitter
It is all going to be peachy
Labour are for Brexit
Well, Trump's not even an ally of the United States, so ...
Dover MP Charlie Elphick says Brexit EU Withdrawal Agreement like Hotel California #Dover
Dover MP Charlie Elphicke says Brexit EU Withdrawal Agreement like Hotel California #Dover
Lmaoooooo what a depressing but insightful thread
On 8th June 2017, Nationalists in the north voted overwhelmingly to elect 7 abstentionist Sinn Féin MPs. Since then they have been nothing but active in advancing the rights and interests of their constituents, particularly in regards to Brexit. We will not abandon our mandate!
Criminal! So convinced that the public could be hoodwinked by a KitKat wrapper.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Fucking tool that Brady.Just read the news you clown,don’t want to hear your opinion on it. Notice ITV went to a place for a impartial view on Brexit. St fucking Albans. Give me strength.
I really can`t understand Corbi at-all. He`s used 2 be such a handsome young thing. Always ready for a photo-op, getting arrested, handcuffed and what-not. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
I know plenty of Yorkshire folk who aren’t the least bit interested in Andrea’s preferred form of Brexit. Any stage management of this event wouldn’t be the PM’s.
As it currently stands, Parliament looks set to vote down the Brexit deal by a huge margin. 2/
British parliament to vote on Brexit deal on Dec 11 - Channel NewsAsia
Trump: soft Brexit will 'kill' UK's chances of US trade deal So the choice is participation with Brussels or having Trump impose the rules. I’ll have remain please #PeoplesVote
He’ll be pretty useless at arguing against Brexit though, won’t he, since he’s on her side?
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Theresa May faces blizzard of attacks from hostile MPs as she tries to convince them to back her Brexit deal on December 11
Only when put against a fantasy, cake and eat it brexit. Let's see how it gets on against a specific, deliverable brexit.
Does anyone have #FBPE or #PeoplesVote #Twitter list? I will follow people on the lists and share them. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Trump in telling truth shock!
Farage’s SHOCK #Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with Theresa May's Brexit deal
#newsnight Not for No Deal - about £6 billion in a No Deal Brexit
Busecon2012 "Why the “WTO option” for Brexit will prove tricky - The Economist explains
Trump kills trade 'deal'. Who'd have guessed? #Brexit
Except nobody will know where the rich money is stashed!
Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit
Sorry to bore you all, but I'm going to say it again. Parliamentarians should be ashamed of the way they've dealt with brexit. Complete dereliction of duty which will cost us all. Brexit was an enormous opportunity. Shame on them for spending 2 years squabbling. Drain that swamp.
This is a very long winded way of saying the PM continues to lie to the country. I wish people wouldn't beat around the bush about this.
If you support both Trump, the Conservatives, and Brexit then see this.
The point of a live #Brexit debate with just #TheresaMay and #JeremyCorbyn destroyed with one brilliant cartoon by
Yup. Corbyn is a fraud. A disgraceful man.
The deal, inevitably, is a compromise. But for its opponents Brexit has taken on the characteristics of a fundamentalist religion
Rebel MPs 'offered peerages' as May builds votes for Brexit deal
Doh! You said voting Leave would mean we could do free trade deals! Now you say it won’t! #Brexit.
The best argument for No Brexit.
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
"May confirms live TV Brexit clash with Jeremy Corbyn on the night of I’m A Celebrity final" Where are they going to hold it, the jungle ?!
This guy is unbelievable
The Labour Party forum has a solution to Brexit. It was a thorny problem but they got there. No, I'm just being ironic, inasmuch as that is a possibility.
A vote where the winning side lied, broke the law and are all as dodgy AF and possibly linked to Russia and dark money but yeah let’s go with it.
Mick. You just worry about special status, brexit, backstop, regulatory alignment and all that shite. We are concentrating on a bigger project.
Labour has a bizarre sense of entitlement to non Tory voters. Working with the Tories against Scottish independence destroyed them in Scotland (1st to 3rd place). Support for Brexit may well do the same in England.
Watching #Newsnight's #Brexit TV debate; looking forward to hearing the case for a #PeoplesVote being articulated well....
BREXIT MAKES MONEY FOR PEOPLE THAT ALREADY HAVE IT
Theresa May to visit Wales in bid to sell Brexit deal.
Where is the Feminist outrage about this white mans club?
Brexit
Surely in a system of first past the post (a system which incidentally I do not agree with) you would be more likely to stop brexit by joining the labour party and changing their policy (and imho be quite likely become pm one day)
When you need support for your idiotic plan, go and look for it in the land of idiots.
'£39 billion for WHAT?' Brexiteer MP outlines HUGE advantage of NO DEAL #Brexit
Gordon Campbell on the meningococcal vaccination programme, and NZ’s response to Brexit
New Vehicle Reg | Change of ownership | Renewal - 09090144706 on the low Maiduguri Brexit Bournemouth rita dominic Listen jubril Boko Haram
Our report does address that point. We show how our results change if the uk strikes deals with the anglosphere. Unfortunately, those trade deals are very unlikely to fill the gap. See.
who cheered on BREXIT from the beginning now says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-British trade; UK differs
LISTEN: Brexit Hour - How can it be undemocratic to ask people to vote on the Brexit deal? /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
How was she "given" a poisened chalice? Once the ref ended, she put herself up as a leadership candidate, knowing the result was leave, promising to go through with brexit and deliver it. I am absolutely baffled by this attitude of yours Claire.
“Brexit is simply too fundamental an issue to be used by Labour to calculate how to get into power by deliberately enabling chaos. The Labour party should be about doing things not because they are opportunistic or expedient but because they are right.” &lt;&lt;&lt; Spot On.
&lt;sigh&gt;
Please don't, you have shown how little we matter.
Tory Leadership Contenders, Who Gets The Spoof's Vote? #politics #conservatives #borisjohnson #brexit #theresamay
on now!
Not for you. You still get to keep your EU pension, and your kids still get to have the German passports you got for them. Oh, and you still get to sleep with your French mistress, the one you left your German wife for. I’d say you’ve done pretty well out of Brexit.
The poor are going to get less money less resources and less public funding...all because of this black hole called Brexit. Want to help the poor? Get rid of the Black Hole
AP Top 25 Womens Basketball Poll #Week 4 201819 NCAA ReRank Georgia Ohio State both on the rise as the top 10 shakes up Stopping Brexit EUs top court hears UK exit reversal case College basketball rankings Kansas in poss .
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Maybe because Wales isn't mentioned in the brexit bill? They don't give a toss.
An EU slave tweets about the "true consequences" of Brexit aka: EU/BBC/Corporate \/Civil Service/Establishment propaganda. This is what we are up against here folks. Scary as shit isn't it?
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal. He wants No-Deal almost as much as Putin. Isn’t that enough to worry us, as we career on our precipitous path to the Future?
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
BBC News Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal: The US president says the Brexit agreement is "great for the EU". #news #wordPress
Transferring a pension between Canadian provinces has been the most cumbersome process I have ever been through. Legislation differences across provinces are terrible for health care (and trade). Probably would be an even greater disaster to try to untangle though (like Brexit)?
if Bexit goes ahead and Scotland leaves the UK and remains in the EU, will English people be able to flee the border and settle in Scotland and claim Scottish nationality? #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral “Two fingers to you and your unity from this proud citizen of nowhere. I and roughly half the country will never forgive you or your party” #SpotOn
Before we all say what genius, this is a man who talked a big game about NAFTA but actually ended up with the Canadian/Mexican govts doing a good job of preserving the bulk of the agreement.
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Interesting analysis of the effect of #Brexit on the British Economy done by Important for MPs to bear this in mind when they are considering the way to proceed.
I suspect Jeremy will also be a casualty of brexit, supporting it is a guarantee he will be booted out of his job. Just like the maybot, they’re just to stupid to see it.
Brexit going well then
May herself challenges Corbyn to a debate on her Brexit deal
You are so right.
Good man Mike Harding. Can't argue with any of this.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
And this is why the BBC is studiously ignoring the criminality running through every seam of the referendum. There are now 10 criminal investigations ongoing, so how the hell anyone can claim a legitimate mandate from such a mess is beyond me. The last argument for Brexit falls.
Shame on you. You created the turmoil of Brexit, the uncertainty of our future by not educating people of the consequences of their vote, then simply walked away, leaving T May to pick up the pieces. I have absolutely no respect for you. I am ashamed you ever spoke on my behalf
Official word now is that the sea will dry up as well, allowing unfettered uncontrolled immigration
Is there a history of mental illness in your family? (serious question &amp; not a joke. Not making fun or light of a very serious issue) Brexit in any form is a ruinous act of self harm &amp; both main party leaders support for any version of Brexit makes them unfit for office.
New: Theresa May will visit Belfast tomorrow as part of her Sell The Deal Tour ‘18. Her statement plays up the support for the #Brexit deal from business. She’ll be in and Stormont...so so will and I
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
Something about this doesn’t feel right though the New Statesman maths looks solid. My hunch is that Labour will take Mrs May’s choice of This Deal or No Deal, and pick the withdrawal agreement. #timestamp
#DonaldTrump #Attacks Theresa May's #Brexit deal as a 'great deal for the EU'
#DonaldTrump #Attacks Theresa May's #Brexit deal as a 'great deal for the EU'
BBC builds platform to block out anti-Brexit campaigners... and fails
Theresa May told her Brexit deal is 'dead as a dodo' by own MPs as she confirms date of vote to Commons via
Desalination of sea water costs less than 0.1p pence per litre, not to mention the vast amount of fresh water stored in our many reservoirs... Whoever wrote that nonsense is a moron.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Buy if you feel the and no longer represent your views. They are bang on the money here. #TheresaMustGo
This
Best of luck to Emma. I fear this case is a bad indication of how the home office will behave in a post brexit UK
Give us our brexit like we voted for...
BuT tRuMp WaS gOnNa GiVe Us A bEtTeR dEaL tHaN tHe DeAl He HaS wItH tHe EU. YoU kNoW, tHe OnE hE aLwAyS mOaNs AbOuT bEcAuSe It’S nOt A gOoD dEaL. It’s going great. BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
There is no policy just tattered remnants of we can Brexit
Braced for my fickle Mag mates predicting relegation last month to tell me tomorrow they might qualify for Europe, whatever happens on Brexit
Donald Trump is quite frank that when it comes to any post-Brexit trade deal, he will be fcuking UK in the arse and will like it #Newsnight
If we lived in a democracy a #PeoplesVote wouldn’t require a fight, #Brexit debates wouldn’t be off-limits to certain party leaders and we wouldn’t be constantly being told this mess is a good thing, when it’s very clear we’re all going to be worse off.
The way OUT is clear! Boris proposes NEW #Brexit deal as he attacks May's 'SERVILE' attitude
All i got to say is that all this Brexit nonsense is gone beyond a joke now. Lets have the 2nd Referendum and put this country right. Brexit is never going to work.
Tories reveal plans to sell-off NHS hospitals to US firms after Brexit – Pride's Purge
The BBC love their rehashed sitcoms so I expect it’ll just be a nightmarish Brexit version of Terry and June
'Don't rely on Brits getting bored!' Radio host has Stern warning for #Brexit minister
'Don't rely on Brits getting bored!' Radio host has Stern warning for #Brexit minister
Oxford for Europe are proud signatories of this letter. The pro-EU grassroots movement is one of the only good things to come out of this Brexit disaster. Hoping the EU might give us some support. #PeoplesVote #NoBrexitAtAll
B o l l o c k s , what you know we need is a general election and no brexit . #stayinEU
Corbyn is saying no to a people's vote.
interesting....so...Let me get this straight.... enacting Democracy and actually LEAVING the EU, is a betrayal of the losers? Strange interpretation of Democracy you have there old bean. Oh....I should let you know that #FBPE = For Brexit Prompt Exit.
still won't accept it though as somebody somewhere told her to get on with it. I am a somebody why won't you listen to me? We want a #PeoplesVote
He was brilliant
WE don't have to accept this deal and can still avoid a "no deal". #Remain is still an option. If (when) you find may's deal is inferior to the one we have, your duty to the British people will be to vote against it; vote against a "no deal" and push for rescinding A50
No trade deal, No £39bn. Oh, sorry! No trade deal, but have all the money, the fish, Gibraltar, Northern Ireland, and wet yourselves laughing into the bargain.
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Meet MPs bidding to vote down #Brexit deal
“It is not for the Prime Minister, the Cabinet, Civil Servants or other sectional interests to work towards a non-Brexit that tells the public that experts know better than they do or that added paperwork for supply chains and CBI lobbying means more than their votes” #Brexit
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
Brexit
Would a vote on having a people’s vote be more or less divisive than not having one?
Gina Miller. An unelected, unasked for, unrepresentative member of the British Elite who hijacked our democracy to usurp the will of the British people. She's no democrat. She's a plutocrat. You should be bloody ashamed of yourselves
It's going to get a lot worse if the Tory's get this through the HoC. Imagine the mayhem! Civil unrest Public Rioting Civic Buildings burned to the ground General Strikes Attacks on MP's Make Guy Fawkes plot look like a WU tea party.
Theresa May &amp; her Cabinet of Cash Stashers, have just found £9million to litter every UK home with a leaflet promoting her Brexit deal. I wonder if she's sending one to St. Jude?
She'll be talking to air. #EU27-unless they change their minds-have said: "This is it." #RealityBites #BrexitShambles #Lexit
This is in case of brexit. There could be a shortage and he's stockpiling!
Doesn’t believe in climate change and advocates Brexit
An interesting point on 'Delusion' on Wikipedia. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal #BrexitAgreement
Because the British Brexit Corporation loves Farage
Mike Harding, brilliantly telling Toxic Treeza her #BrexitDeal is a pile of poo. Which it is. #BrexitShambles
I really don’t think it is worth discussing; Brexit is dead.
Dear I have to tell you a hell of a lot of other industry in Scotland is severely threatened by #Brexit. You might consider reporting on some of them?
OMG - would this mean no more Reece’s Pieces ? “Donald Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US”
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I must admit I love trump why he is my type of blood I love when you be in trouble but you dick your self get someone else in trouble
The revealing thing about this is the idea that it's for an EU court to rule on the legality of a UK referendum.
Freedom of movement won’t be stopped, because the EU won’t let us out of the Customs Union until we accept free movement. And the CFP. And everything else on their shopping list.
No deal please
14 days to save Britain from Brexit
#newsnight #Brexit #MrsMayGoesOnTour The cowsheds of NI The village halls of rural Scotland Welsh hill walks And so many other staged locations await the lying deceitful racist xenophobic charlatan desperately putting self and party ahead of country and basic decency
11/12. Let's be there #FBPE friends x
Watching the wonderful Extinction Rebellion folks getting arrested for what the believe in is wonderful. It has reminded me though that post brexit people from the EU will be risking so much more than UK/IRE passport holders if they join in
‘My deal delivers’ May to tour #UK in bid to win support for #Brexit as vote looms
Neither of them would win + we, the public, would be the biggest losers (and remember that #Corbyn wants Brexit more than May)
‘My deal delivers’ May to tour #UK in bid to win support for #Brexit as vote looms
The ability to decide our own future inc trade, is the whole point of Brexit. Without that we are just a satellite of Europe with no say in the matter.
What would you have him do exactly? You realise that Lab can't stop Brexit right? It's in opposition.
#BREXIT CRISIS: Labour's Kate Hoey fears huge 'Brexit CONSPIRACY is TRUE'
on #Newsnight now
What's the point of the question? Mrs May voted remain. She didn't say that any region would be better off as a result of leaving. She has merely done the best she could given the ingredients left by those who voted leave and then ran out of the kitchen.
Is he the ERG guy who requested the names of all academics lecturing on Brexit + copies of their course materials? As well as planning to weaken the Climate Change Act by making its commitments advisory rather than mandatory?
This is what I tweeted about earlier today, lol.
What did SF do exactly ? Never campaigned against Brexit. Aren’t taking seats in Westminster to potentially vote on any agreement. No interest in restarting stormont...a cynic would say a bad Brexit is almost good for SF agenda
Well i never, another Labour activist talking some brexit sense, better late than never i suppose.
Brilliant
Pm ignores Boris and Jacob and loads of other brexit supporting MPs who hav laid out different options or did u ignore them
should b 100%
He won't.
May confirms live TV Brexit clash with Jeremy Corbyn on the night of I'm A Celebrity final /#Brexit #PeoplesVote
Why do you think people voted for Brexit in the first place, they don't want migrants regardless of where they're from.
Blind, deaf and simply dumb.
Donald Trump attacks Theresa May's Brexit deal as a 'great deal for the EU'
See this is why I think Corbyn could do quite well. All his policy has to be is unspecified "better than that" while he points at the Frankenstein Brexit in front of him.
Is anybody else suffering News anxiety/fatigue? If it isn't Brexit or natural disasters, it's this orange fuckhead.
Be interesting the effect. Obama basically tipped it for Brexit.
Michael Fallon is right. May's deal is a huge gamble. A step in the dark. A blindfold Brexit. #newsnight
Buccaneering Brexit Britain - with nobody to buccaneer with and nowhere to buccaneer to.
#TheresaMay to make Wales #Brexit visit
Vote of No Confidence coming soon Bub-bye to Prime Minister Theresa May Soon to be disgraced former PM Theresa May Who will be the Next PM? #BrexitNow Under Orders from PM May MI6 spied on Trump to help Obama Clinton Crime Cartel
I'd still much rather Remain in and fight a second referendum BUT hard Brexit is dead. It's not happening. It's going to be Norway (plus bit is illusory) or no change and I can live with that. After a few years people will wonder what the point of that was and we'll go back in.
It's very much the behaviour of an ally, am ally of the British electorate, who voted to be free to trade with rest of the world, voted to be free of EU bureacracy.
#TheresaMay to make Wales #Brexit visit
I shot this film for ITN in 1976. Brexit takes us back....ICELANDIC GUNBOAT COLLIDES WITH BRITISH FRIGATE via
Nope. If you start out with two Brexiters, TM and JC, you need TWO Remainers. I suggest as well as
Utterly beyond the pail. Her behaviour is appalling. Don’t let your colleagues fall for her. Get her out instead.
This isn’t an apology.. May is an appalling person.. twice she says she was trying to make “a point” over her calling EU citizens “queue jumpers”
Yes julia shes gone home to stroke the cat and smoke a pipe. she will be grinning and ocassionaly grunting as she meows and ponders the devastation she is happily trying to unleash on her fellow country men oops i mean victims!! #EU #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #Leave #NigelFarage
This is Corbyn democracy for you.
I can be sure that we would all lose! Two Brexit supporters just battling out for whose version of Brexit fu**s us the most!
Cobblers ! He was never offered any role in the Brexit negotiations.
Very interesting take on #brexit political decision making: game theory.
The moment everyone's waiting for. And two politicians arguing on telly.
Better the devil you know.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
This could grow and grow. Just how much of a debate is up for?
Does anyone else feel that politicians and journalists are finally catching up to the reality that has been clear for well over a year that Brexit is impossible to deliver #newsnight
So you will be voring for catastrophic spending cuts and tax rises? Austerity +++++. Becuase thats what woukd be required to get scotlands deficit to kess than &lt;3% GDP like EU are forcing italy to do. Brexit and independence.. Dumb anx dumber 3
Brexit was always predominantly about immigration. Let's not debase the debate even further by pretending otherwise.
Donald does not care he expected hard Brexit.
It isn't a deal, its permanently dropping the soap in the jail showers. WTO/Hard Brexit is better than any deal that sees Britain paying the EU. EU should be paying Britain back, not the other way around.
‘Has she FORGOTTEN?’ Jacob Rees-Mogg CONDEMNS May over £39bn EU #Brexit divorce bill
Cannot wait to watch May to lose the tv brexit debate against Corbyn. He is going to absolutely destroy her!
If May gets her chequers deal through, we won’t be trading with anyone! The traitor to democracy and her manifesto pledge to honour Brexit! We will be trapped in the corrupt EU for ever. A total liar to the British people
Given Labour's commitment to respecting EUref result was in GE17 Manifesto maybe 'young people' should've paid more attention tbh
Theresa May: “I am going to be explaining why I think this deal is the right deal for the UK – and yes, I am ready to debate it with Jeremy Corbyn.” Looks like the debate is officially on.
Is your #uber driver a professional competent driver. All of us know someone that holds a licence but is that bad of a driver we would not dare get in a car with them. #Uber allows those people to drive for them. #MondayMotivation #DoorsAreAlwaysOpening #LondonTraffic #Brexit
#TheresaMay to visit Wales to sell #Brexit deal
They can't understand that the 800,000 members mostly hate the war criminal Blair Theresa May told she should debate Tony Blair not Jeremy Corbyn to win MPs over to her Brexit vision via
Mm Aube you should of put some detail into the leave plan instead of the lies. Theresa Mays mess of a brexit does cover the entirety BV of the leave details given to her. Blame yourselves we told you about #brino back in 2016
According to “sources” was persuaded to support May’s “deal” when told that a no deal Brexit would result in a critical shortage of Cornish pasties. Reports say that the pasty industry is heavily dependant on imports of key “Cornishness” chemicals, from the EU.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's hardly a debate if it's two sets of Brexiters are spatting about Brexit/Lexit, when in reality, it means the same: the continuation of austerity, sell-off of NHS, loss of revenue, loss of jobs, loss of rights. What's positive about that?
Eric is not talking about that at all. How will political freedom be manifest by Brexit. Swapping good trading partners for worse? Deregulation so we can have another financial crash? Grow up and stop dreaming of unicorns. There is no such thing as political freedom
Oh ffs, it’s actually happening.
Then I hope with all my heart for her that Brexit is.stopped! So that she will have the same ability that we had to travel, live and work in all of the EU without hindrance..
How long after Brexit do you think we’ll be in a Handmaids Tale scenario?
This is a bigger battle for the "ordinary people's freedom" than brexit. Local councils are getting away with the murder of our rights to a civilised and healthy way of life. Fight them tooth and nail.
Paywall-free: on the chances of the British Parliament agreeing to the Brexit deal approved by EU leaders this weekend.
#TheresaMay to visit Wales to sell #Brexit deal
What is the people’s vote and will there be a second Brexit referendum?
My MP is Mike Penning and a known Eurosceptic. Still surprised to see he'll vote against May though. How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Exactly, Corbyn hasn’t got a plan. Therefore May is better off debating a member of the ERG who does like to give the public more information about her draft deal!
The latest El hernansirijilla Diario! Thanks to #brexit #cybermonday
And the sell off of U.K. ltd is underway at bargain price to Trump’s cronies
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
They have one MP. UKIP had 2 at most from the Tories.
FWIW, Dtson the man is one of the big Brexit backers.
Strangely enuf prob the only part of UK where a maj of people can live with deal. Question in case of hard brexit does the NI backstop agreed in Dec kick in?
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Ha, I love it.
Oh yes!
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
Even at the last minute of the last hour Theresa May managed to concede two major points that incompetent EU negotiators had not got their own side to sign up to. We leave the EU but EU still take our fish. Gibraltar is outside any UK trade deal and must deal direct with Spain.
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
When a deal takes just 30 minutes for EU leaders to agree, when says that it’s a good deal for the EU and our europhile Chancellor quietly supports... something tells me this isn’t actually Brexit. If you’re going to come out - do it properly.
#TheresaMay admits #EU queue-jumpers #Brexit jibe was wrong after SNP call her out
are you really allowing the PM to 'blackmail' you? If you do not vote against her and submit the 'no confidence' letters, you will have killed DEMOCRACY in this UK and you all will no longer be electable.
Somehow the vile imitation of a US president and the xenophobic copy of a PM are on the same level of “not knowing” what they are talking about. Of course at least one of them knows it’s nonsense, the other might’ve found his own sentence too complicated to follow two letters in.
Rees-Mogg makes SHOCK border revelation - HIDDEN agreement in May's EU #Brexit deal
British Parliament To Vote On Brexit Deal On December 11: Theresa Might -
It is clear that Teresa May is asking UK MPs to put their own self interest before that of the country
#TheresaMay admits #EU queue-jumpers #Brexit jibe was wrong after SNP call her out
BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Grassroots anti-Brexit groups urge EU to keep door open for no Brexit
Trump warns May's Brexit deal favours EU and may hinder UK trade with US
Why has the UK surrendered?
Great! I didn't want their food 'standards' anyway!
It gets better every day doesn't it? BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
You hear that mob outside the door. It hates you all three different ways: For Austerity, for brexit and for not being brexity enough. You made your bed and it's beneath contempt.
Well, that's a "No" then isn't it? Especially since Brexit will tank the economy.
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of Brexit medicine – cartoon
Nothing surprises me when it comes to this scumbag... as for Paul, he's a flipping traitor. In the 10 list of brexit influencers with along with those Russian infiltrators pretending to be uk nationals. Utter filth.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day!
"The Prime Minister and leader of the opposition only represent the views of a limited share of the British public."
was there a done deal -not like #BREXIT
No, I think he'd see Brexit for the nasty anti immigrant little Englander Bollocks that it is!
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral Sent via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Has the US withdrawn its objection to UK's fast-track return to WTO? Thought not. PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
Quentin Letts: She’d tried her best but May’s defence of her #Brexit deal ponged
Who said Germans have no sense of humour
Interview with Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn: 'We Can't Stop Brexit' via
Date of the Brexit vote that could topple Theresa May confirmed
The prime minister will attempt to sell her Brexit deal as she tours the UK
Theresa May's Brexit deal could cost UK £100bn over a decade
Woohoo. Forget #Brexit woes. Humanity can be wonderful #MarsLanding #Space
Quentin Letts: She’d tried her best but May’s defence of her #Brexit deal ponged
Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as "great for the EU": With U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May working desperately to sell her Brexit deal to a skeptical Parliament, President Trump slammed it today as "a… #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
Does Theresa May stand to personally gain by assisting the Big Banks and Big Corps to essentially remain in the EU? #Brexit
BREXIT is so bad now we've got Donald Trump saying how bad the deal is...DONALD TRUMP!!! P.S: you can fuck off Donald
Watching with a line up of all views on brexit and for once we have a retainer on there
Logical conclusion of this is that #Brexit is just a nation state trolley problem that has got a bit out of hand.
No ones arguing Brexit is bad. Your so fixated on blaming labour you've never once mentioned how bad the deal Maybot has on the table, you've never mentioned once how incompetent the tories have been in negotiations. You're as closed as a clam shell
Good. I'll be returning it to her and asking for a Peoples Vote. My Brexit supporting Tory MP will be getting a copy as well.
You might enjoy this
Retweeting this topic every time it pops up on my feed because it's the only tangible thing in over two years' worth of #BrexitChaos that genuinely makes me smile.
What happens next? The five Brexit scenarios | Coffee House
Russia is NOT encircled by NATO.Russia has huge borders with Iran,China,Mongolian = No NATO encirclement of Russia. The Myth of Russian encirclement by NATO is all part of Russian &amp; friends disinformation for western public opinion
Sarah Wollaston was elected in 2017 on a platform to support Brexit . She is a turncoat and the people of Brixham don't want anything to do with this Quisling.
Couldn't take any more Brexit coverage. Out for a view of Lake District fells from Scout Scar, England's highest mountain (Scafell Pike) is in there somewhere with a light dusting of snow. Comes later in the year these days. Climate change?
Northern Ireland is probably the only part of the UK where she would have a chance of people voting for her #Brexit deal if there was a referendum. All irrelevant anyway as only DUP MP's votes count, its them she has to convince.
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe
Shame on you
Can we talk? Corbyn wants to remain but can't because of EU rules that prevent our manifesto. Clear the way for the manifesto and brexit is dead. However, if Corbyn can't have the manifesto then we can't remain. He can fight this battle from both sides.
Why would they do this on the same night as the most important final of the year .
I would like to know when the FCO will obtain the release of Zhagari-Radcliffe. Yet another person falsely accused of a crime and imprisoned by a vicious regime. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE #breaking
BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
The hypocrisy of Theresa May ruling out a pre-Brexit election is spectacular
How long after Brexit do you think it will take before we’ll be in a Handmaids Tale scenario?
TUESDAY: #Topical Questions at on Tuesday afternoon will be on the UK Government's proposed #Brexit deal and implications for #coastal #waters ( ) and then on #neonatalabstinence syndrome ( ) #NDdiary
Why you no risten #Brexit #brexitdeal
I agree with what he has said about Brexit, but this is wrong. Their innocent young babies.
another very helpful comment. It will help fuel UK public opposition to #brexit. And also encourage pro-Europe sentiment. Keep them coming! #stopbrexit
Brexit bingo #newsnight
The middle-aged won’t either!! Can’t believe I’m still a paid-up member...
Theresa May couldn't debate a... Cat
Don’t change the subject. Now, about this crappy Brexit deal of yours.....
Doesn’t Parliament have the final say in which of the options the country goes for, not the Prime Minister? It isn’t a dictatorship just yet, only not very democratic.
Why a no-deal Brexit is nothing to fear To balance up your reading, then make your mind up!
Haha unlucky trying to avoid showing the peaceful protest taking place every day. £10k on a big platform thwarted by a £2.50 pole.
If Brexit politicians showed one iota of the stamina and resolution of May, we would have a deal to be proud of. Instead they turned tail and ran.
It’s quite evident Mrs May is only worried on saving her job &amp; protecting deep pockets of rich businesses! If she really cares for Britain’s best interests, she will accept #NoDeal #Brexit as the best way to leave EU with no strings attached &amp; respecting democratic mandate!
I really couldn't imagine anything worse than watching an annoying woman and man talking bollocks on prime time TV for an hour or so. I would rather watch paint dry.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says - Sky News
Yes we do. Until brexit is no more.
likes it, he's going to help it through the Commons. He's an arse.
Gina Miller is in idiot. Since when did Corbyn ever care about threats to this country? After all when it was being bombed by the IRA, he supported the terrorists. He’s never supported his own country, only its enemies (except possibly the EU).
There’s at least 10 more reasons “the public” won’t forgive you &amp; Brexit is not the most important one.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
ugh brexit.
Sadly having just read the entire #draftwithdrawalagreement I think he is probably correct.
Already in progress. Our children are not cannon fodder for the Franco German Army being formed.
Not arsed what side you're on. I am bored to death of this Brexit shit now tbh. I'm not being thick, ignorant or naive but it's on every news bulletin on the telly and radio every hour. Cba. #Yawwwwwwnnn #Boring #GoGetShagged
It does when it comes to migrants coming through France to the uk, when brexit happens officially Theresa may explained, the uk will be tightening the borders in preventing anymore. Hence why brexit does have something to do with non migrants also the eu ones.
Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit deal: "Failed and miserable" negotiations - BBC ... via
Is it possible to die of schadenfreude? via
Tell May what you think of her Brexit deal…
Let's get real about the #Brexit Referendum. It was simply held to give the decision makers (parliament) a 'feel' for the public consensus. It was never binding on MP's (see below). Mrs May is full of BS if she tries to insist it was.
In an official dilemma now.
USD Rally Pauses as EUR, GBP Gain on Italian Budget, Brexit Hopes via DailyFX #forex #fx
It's disgraceful that the establishment is engineering a second referendum on Brexit. When the EU gets what it wants which is a cowed UK back in the EU, 17m people should refuse to ever vote again. I for one won't!
"The Prime Minister used to say 'No deal is better than a bad deal'. Now we've got a bad deal that's somehow better than no deal."
She has nothing to lose now and going up against the utterly inept #Corbyn has to give her a better chance. If however she was up against that would be a bloodbath. #Brexit
Happy to host this important meeting for UK nationals in Italy this evening
May said public bored with brexit = When chequers crashes &amp; burns surely only quickest next way out is no deal- wto &amp; solves going around in circles &amp; eu closed further talks =Wto out wasted billions &amp; over 2 years? Remoaners don`t like leaving so will extend talks REMAIN
If says it's a bad deal, it's a bad deal. Don't isolate the UK from the USA and the rest of the world. Your deal sucks.
EastEnders will have adverts. Jammy Dodgers will be filled with marmite. Teabags will be illegal. Umbrellas will be banned. Blah blah fucking blah
Same day as I’m a Celeb? Do one Theresa
We’re on for #PeoplesVote then?
Lmao!! Can make anything about brexit the total shambles it has become! We should send over Harry redknapp and noel Edmonds to go over to Brussels and lead negotiations.. with good old Nick leading from no.10!
It's not Brexit
definitely doing the #Russian’s dirty work - pushing UK towards Hard Brexit. Brain-ache-bagman-
Would be good to know (for future reference )
I’m happy with someone else and no brexit thanks
#TheresaMay is one of the toughest politician I have seen in my life time. I say majority of the Brits support her and are behind this #brexit deal even if the MP aren’t.
Does anyone have #FBPE or #PeoplesVote #Twitter list? I will follow people on the lists and share them. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
That’s the whole difficulty with Brexit right now. Too soft, no left and no right government just a blur of political correctness bullshit! We need to believe in who we are voting for whatever the stance..... we need a left a true left wing politic....and a true right to oppose!
I created this Tease for "brexit" using T. Go to to create &amp; share a Tease for any topic.
No #Brexit will safeguard jobs, Nadhim Zahawi. Stop lying! #Newsnight
The only thing certain about #brexit is uncertainty. And I am certain uncertainty is not good for business and investment.
Just in case you missed it Andrew Marr revealed what #Brexit is all abt: English mythology: Andrew Marr to Tony Blair: "The English in particular have never been ruled by anyone else." #EnglishBrexit #Marr #TonyBlair
Welp. Guess I better stock up on Laphroaig, McCann's steel-cut oatmeal, and Penguin bars.
The mistakes you point out are correct - your conclusion that it was somehow not fault is bizarre!
I am a Potato - we have a plan.
God warned us about the ones who are constantly learning but never come to the knowledge of the Truth. Please brothers and sisters pray for this young generation. My heart breaks for them ... #anime #metoo #brexit #maga #PedoGate #transkids
May turning down US Free Trade Deal is what’s annoyed Trump-she’s a Walking Disaster..
Is May Launching a Stealth Campaign for a #Brexit Election?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Why Donald Trump thinks the Brexit deal is no good for US-UK trade | Coffee House
PamyBot:~$#forex #fxDailyFX "#GBPNZD has fall sharply in the last six weeks and may offer #Sterling bulls an opportunity if/when there is some clarity on #Brexit. Support around 1.8630 – 1.8660:
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
i think im buggered there the new brexit minister is my mp. mind you there's still time for a fourth brexit minister.
#MarsLanding These guys should be employed to sort brexit as they seem to be able to work miracles
Because they won’t give a GE as they know they might loose. You’re dreaming if you think they’ll give up power before they have to. Bringing down Brexit is the best way to destroy the Tories and stop Brexit destroying what fragile economy and public services we have left.
First analysis of government’s Brexit plan finds UK would be £100 billion poorer each year
She has been given her view, and she will damn well use it...
Not so good news for UKIP backers?
Why I am not surprised....
You’ve missed the point. Caroline has been constant in her criticism over Brexit and the way the referendum was held. She is no - which way the wind blows - Boris. Principled woman. Parliament needs more of her kind whichever party they belong to. And yes the mood has changed
May needs a miracle, but if she falls, what will the Brexiteers come up with that's any better? Remember David Davies was her Brexit minister. Brexit: Is winning Commons vote really an impossible task? -
The ultimate guide to Brexit.
So every cloud has a silver lining...
THIS #StandUp4Brexit
Posted...
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected - May
UK polling summary - 26Nov 2018 - LEADER PREFERENCE - #UKPolitics #Polling #polls #WithdrawalAgreement #Brexit #Newsnight
Mmm maybe you should of put some detail into the leave plan instead of the lies you spouted or the electoral fraud you commited. Theresa Mays mess of a brexit does cover the entirety of the leave details given to her by you Blame yourselves we told you about #brino back in 2016
"May not be able to trade with the US" - what is this fucking bollocks...
#nodeal will morph into Canada-plus++ within a week of #29March if we just hold our nerve. #EU has already agreed to that. Technology at UK/ROI boarder. A true #Brexit it tantalisingly within our grasp.
Theresa May's Brexit deal was torn apart in the Commons, just as it would be by the general public
Posted...
Trump has enough problems at home. He should learn when to shut his mouth and stay out of our affairs.
Brexit tensions add to Gibraltar's 'tumultuous' relationship with Spain
Maybe they have known all along we are about to return? #TheArchers #Brexit
Exit Brexit
I would imagine they would seek to extend Article 50 and negotiate permanent EEA membership and that would be Brexit.
I would not recommend that since my country actually has more of a harsher reality than your's. Also, you need not to have worry about how I feel. The Brexit needs to happen.
The study was commissioned by People's Vote, a little detail you omitted mentioning
This is always an interesting approach. However, after the previous campaign, what makes people on the #remain side believe that the #Leave side isn’t able to spin this up to a positive vote again? It will never be about facts. #Brexit #unfortunately
Figures.....not one Labour MP ! ! !
All part of the act. There must surely be a few Oscar nominations come out of this Brexit pantomime. May, JRM and Boris must surely be on the list for the performances they've put in, and still are !!!!!
I see have 5 MPs on tonight to discuss the #Brexit deal crisis engulfing the U.K. but not one from . The Govt of Scotland &amp; third party at Westminster with 35 MPs. One of the 12 Lib Dems but not one of us. This beggars belief #Brexit
indeed the rank hypocrisy, I don't watch what they try to call new's any-more, its just propaganda - they will parade out all and sundry whom agree with this deal.
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
How do we know whether PM May's deal would actually be an "orderly Brexit"? What happens if jobs are lost as a result of organisations relocating to the EU and/or prices rise in the shops etc even despite the transition deal? #Newsnight #BinBrexit
Sounds like she might need 100 of them. We’ll have to abolish the Lords after Brexit too. #DeadInTheWater
You do realise that Skippy is one of Aaron Bank's companies that ran a Brexit campaign in parallel to missusing the insurance customer database! He has to finance his £8m loans from some sort of income.
If Brexit is going to define the UK for the next 100 years why are we accepting such a rubbish deal off the back of a crooked referendum? #Newsnight
Just been informed there is someone in Brighton who says he will back Mrs May's Brexit deal.
Newsnight- 5 Brexit options by debate and BBC successfully demonstrating a dogs brexfast. #Newsnight #Brexit
#newsnight puffery. Pure brexit puffery. All air and no substance.
So there are some political ukulele infused songs out there....check out #brexitsong by this fella... #brexit #noexit #ukulele #original
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Brexit benefits? You mean the pay check for Farage every month from the E.U.? Or the Rees-Mogg Irish Hedge fund? Or the money Boris makes writing fancy words for a tabloid?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit uncertainty fails to stem mortgage lending
Twat
John, how do you cope with working for your Remain-obsessed new editor?You even have to give this story a Remain-spin. You + your colleagues need to oust him before you lose all your readers and your own dignity. It's deeply depressing to see the Mail back May's Brexit surrender.
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says Remainers and fence-sitters take note
omg this would be iconic! imagine the scenes, even i might actually feel sorry for her.
Put ya gloves on Hun.
Get Me Out if Here!
Fishermen ‘betrayed’ after Brexit talks on policy end in stalemate
The two #Cakeist parties arguing over which flavour of cake is the best. What’s the point? #Brexit #PeoplesVote
The trouble with the Brexit thing is it's a great smokescreen. It obscures all of the misery that the governments mistreatment of the poor and sick is causing. The suffering seems endless #poverty #universalcredit #austerity #disability #PIP #WelfareRebellion #wowvoices
Brexit: Trump hints May’s Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
What's being debated on Newsnight is exactly the problem with Brexit,5 different opinions on what the hell to do.
#newsnight #Brexit On racism and xenophobia through the ages (featuring May) On Churchill On wheat fields
This 'take back control' BS always makes me laugh. *We* aren't control, the rich and manipulative are and after Brexit shambles unfolds, I doubt even them #Newsnight
True but the only real option is people’s vote or no brexit thanks
It’s a brave PM who’s willing to take on the jungle, even if it’s just in the ratings. Theresa May debating Jeremy Corbyn on the night of the I’m a Celeb Final, the biggest rating show on TV? Hmm.
Our children are not cannon fodder for the Franco German Army being formed
This is why we should have voted remain. Russia are beating up the Ukraine, America is isolating itself and the Saudis are butchering journalists and we are preoccupied with brexit.
Who then had a general election which she won. So in the spirit of all things Brexit, no one should be complaining, you voted for this prime minister and the country believes she’s the best to deliver Brexit. And obviously the country isn’t allowed to change their mind
Lots of Pointless Answers in this round. #Brexit #Newsnight
I wouldn’t necessarily choose a politician to argue my side. I nominate for No Brexit. He’d wipe the floor with them.
Trump says Brexit deal could mean that U.K. can't trade with U.S. via #TicTocNews
Come on join the growing number that are saying No to the Brexit deal.
Brexit voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, new academic study finds - The Independent
Does anyone actually think President Trump has the foggiest idea what he’s talking about on this or anything else? Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
Busecon2012 "Why a no-deal Brexit is nothing to fear To balance up your reading, then make your mind up!"
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade #Brexit #maga
MPs will lose seats if they vote for WA. May is dangerous for your party get rid of her
Where's Noel Edmonds when you need him? Oh, he's in bloody Australia. In a jungle. #Brexit #DealOrNoDeal #NoelEdmonds
now on newsnight floundering in an attempt to persuade us of Brexit. Utterly unintelligible drivel.
U have used the sun so no credibility there I am afraid
I thought the letters in front of Nicola said "NOPE". I'm disappointed.
Back in 2016 I said that the big winners of #Brexit would be Game Theorists. I was being facetious but it looks like I was right. The risk vs reward calculus on whether to vote for or against the withdrawal agreement is immense.
Not supporting the deal is great but are you also supporting a #peoplesvote or exiting from Brexit because just voting down the deal is not enough!
If SF joined to remain side, a lot of other undecided MPs would charge to the opposite position. If you think the British Parliament would allow Sinnfein to effectively have a casting vote re brexit, you are crazy
US Seeks International Support on Crypto-Linked Crime -
I'd like to see them try. #eriskay
Your Brexit nonsense is dead
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
Britain needed a Lion to roar, but all we got was a meek spineless Brussels poodle instead - #TheresaMay. #MayMustGoNow #WTOBrexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal #Brexit #Juncker #EU #Labour #FBPE #UKIP #ChuckMay #WTO #Anglosphere #Remoaners #Mogg #ToriesAreToast #Trump
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Tbf, Brexit people were banging on about Norway for years before 2016.
Oh Noes!
There is no renegotiation possible as the EU has repeatedly said. There is no better, jobs first, Brexit. This is a figment of Corbyn's imagination &amp; ideological hatred for the EU however often it is endorsed by other members of the Corbyntariat like yourself../2
AIM All share following the others and could be turning up. FTSE Smallcaps also looks like could be turning up. Of course the issue is how far can any Rally get? With Brexit a total mess it might not get far before Selling gets the upper hand again.
Labour to block #PeoplesVote taking part in #Brexit debate If Corbyn's allowed to dictate the terms of a #Brexit related debate, denying access to a #Remainer there shld be NO DEBATE. Utter disgrace. Every step of the way he's shut down a #Remain option.
We Brexiteers are NOT bored with Brexit because we are still fighting for it. And we WILL get a 'real' Brexit.
Health chiefs in urgent order for ambulances amid Brexit shortage fear
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected - May | Reuters -
If you can't sell it to your own factually bereft MPs you're going to have a hell of a time explaining it to a country where the majority no longer even support Brexit (if they ever did in the first place). Explaining away the damage that comes with it later will be even harder.
Just catching up on and her latest defense of #Brexit The contempt you have for &amp; is obvious and deeply unprofessional. Also it's the Scottish National Party not the Scottish Nationalist Party, you know that though, it's deliberate isn't it?
Why don’t you just do your own Brexit you moron
I hope you had a restful day.I went to my Spanish class U3A ,then played bridge this afternoon. Isn’t this Brexit thing dire.Really depressing.Wish I could hibernate until spring. Wishing you Good Night.xx
Bore off you pitiful Brexit troll. Keep voting Lib Dem..
I mentioned a while back that Sticky the stick insect had died of broken heart over Brexit. Now Corbi the Canary`s gone and snuffed it. Mom says he was watching Question Time on BBC and suddenly keeled over. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Posted...
Posted...
Oh God, Marcus Physh, the most ignorant, feckless Morgan in Parliment, which says something, whose only invited on because he's a Brexiteers so mad that'll he'll make an mad case for Brexit and fill the BBC mandate to give all sides a say, including the lunatics
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
You can just reverse Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal Its not often I agree with Mr Tangerine Man.
FT understatement: "Mays Brexit deal facts hostility"!
Don’t bother
Good!
Alternatively... 1) Prorogue Parliament (including devolved assemblies) 2) Queen invites Tony Blair to form crisis ministry 3) Tony makes it all better 4) He stays on for good 5) Gets Nobel Peace Prize and is named Heat’s ‘Torso of the Week’ again as a token of our gratitude
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
congrats on the Mars landing how NASA does it I can't imagine. Trump decided today he would tell us how to do Brexit. Yes it is a difficult time for us but we don't need him to make it more so. DT a memo Boris will never be Prime Minister we aren't that daft! Gx
Posted...
Another home goal from
We already had control of our money, borders and laws, as you know. You also know that Brexit will be terrible for our country, but you’re still toeing the party line.
Posted...
What a sycophant! He needs to be voted out of office!
Flash Flash I love you but....
A swing to far right and extreme nationalism, as that’s the agenda from people pushing for Brexit. This will lead to a more closed and less free nation, with a big risk to eventually become a totalitarian state.
Posted...
We defeat the far right by building the broadest possible coalition against it. Like it or not, that includes people who still want Brexit. Writing them all off as the slogan of does is utterly counterproductive. It drives them into Robinson's hands.
He also tells me the HoL are all against her BREXIT Deal he lives next door to a couple of folk who sit in the lord's....
Taking bets on me knocking her out in the 1st round. #gloveson
To those who voted leave and saying "we know what we voted for" - you didn't &amp; nor did the Govt. No version of Brexit was agreed upon &amp; now we have more information about consequences of Brexit we need #PeoplesVote on Remain or what type of Brexit.
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' by 2030, research suggests | via
#Newsnight brexit negotiated by a remainer = watered down staying in.
The hypocrisy of some is simply mesmerising. I recall a different US president telling us how a vote will hamper US-UK trade only to be met with charge of 'scaremongering' and interference. Now Trump is some kind of an oracle. How times have changed. #Endthisfoolishness #Brexit
#FakeNews More voters in those 7 constituencies voted for candidates who would turn up to Parliament
Brexit *is* a far right resurgence, it’s not preventing one.
Of course he’s read it in full... #BrexitDeal #brexit
May’s Brexit deal quietly gambles with our rights at work | Jason Moyer-Lee
that's not hard
Hi It is time to call a halt. #Brexit GDP to be 4% lower in the longer term than it would have been had the UK stayed in the EU, new NIESR report reveals
Brexit is stupid
If they done that they would piss the next election...no one has the balls tough to oppose the maybot
They really are quite clever. Perhaps they should be in charge of getting a Brexit deal?
I am mostly in agreement with your open border policies..but in the current political turmoil regarding brexit I have no idea why your party is not putting forward a relevant solution to this , surely this would be a vote catcher with the right policy..
Translation: only with large concessions to the US the trade with the UK will run smoothly. #Brexit
Nick Watt on #Newsnight is saying that the way for May to get her Brexit Deal through Parliament is to push back against Brussels on the backstop - ie, *to make concessions to to the hard Brexiteers*!!! Some closet Tory journos just want to watch the world burn.
That’s just another Brexit sound-bite. But let’s look at that. Those figures include zero-hours contracts where a person can work 1 hour a week and be deemed in full employment. It’s rubbish. Now answer my question - did people who voted Leave vote to lose their jobs?
Tweet from : With brexit on the horizon and some of the horrific policies May has tried to put into force, her snoopers bill for example. Get yourself a good VPN, is the best I know and they've still got discounts on. Grab a token whilst you can
It has no legitimacy. All it will mean is Britain crashes out the EEA at a later stage. I’ve argued this for a long time.
I hope when that Mars robot drills down to find out why it became inhospitable, they find a leaflet that reads “Brexit”
Why does anyone believe anything that comes out of this lying Tory’s mouth? #Newsnight #Brexit
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
If the EEA brexit comes with a backstop and customs union, it’s not Brexit
You admit Brexit will not benefit the working classes, but are glad that they voted for it. Why?
Entering into May’s Brexit, or any other flavour, on the other hand is completely known and anticipated?
She’s lying. Brexit was the xenophobic mess I said it was all along. There’s no point denying it any longer. FactCheck: May isn’t telling the whole story on immigration – Channel 4 News
Maybe they have known all along we would return? #TheArchers #Brexit
First leverage to get into NHS, which is supposed to be ring fenced in any deal.
If the 2016 EU referendum had been between Remain, and the current May/EU Withdrawal Agreement, how would you have voted? #Brexit
If Brexit is the only reason you’re voting for one party or another then you’re doing politics wrong.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Leavers should be comforted by the fact that he almost certainly doesn't understand the word coming out of his mouth.
are completely split over #brexitdeal. Even worse than Maastricht under Major. can't even threaten a Vote of No Confidence, to force her own MP's, to vote with her like Major did. #Newsnight #Brexit
Pack your bags pal you and the rest of the Tories are on the way out. Even the hardcore leavers know your full of it..Brexit or no... we will vote you out at the next election. Which will be very soon. #PeoplesVoteNow #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Pitiful attemp
Excl: PM offers olive branch to win back DUP - rest of UK may voluntarily keep same rules and regulations as NI during Irish backstop (interview with );
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
Trump is just so Brexit
No one gives a shit or has a clue about Brexit here. My local TC minimarket just expanded their shop at the back to accommodate a GC butcher. I went there tonight with just my CC. He can't take CC payments, they sorted it for him. Then they carried my shopping to my car! Peace!!!
NASA Insight lands safely on Mars! We'll be able to do after brexit won't we? Because we won't be constrained by EU maths and science. We can use our own.
Theresa May gives herself two weeks to win over MPs to Brexit deal
It would also be really nice if ALL the MSM didn't keep saying 'crashing out' and 'falling off a cliff edge' instead of just saying WTO Brexit. It is only disorderly if they - and you - haven't planned for it over the last 2.5 years. Numptys.
Theresa May is seeking the help of businesses to sell her Brexit deal to the British public and her own rebellious lawmakers via #tictocnews
Ha. A Corbyn cheerleader worried about online punishment beatings. You've seen how your mates abuse Jewish MPs right?
Andrea, great idea but she wouldn't dare, all her visits will be well organized and stage managed!!
Why am I so excited?
Brexit makes both the UK and the EU weaker!
Bring the unknown on #MAYMUSTGO
I agree with Macron that after Brexit the French should have right of access to UK fishing waters. Provided we have right of access to French vineyards.
First up, with their one-minute pitch for Brexit, is Tory MP Nadhim Zahawi who is backing the prime minister’s deal #newsnight | |
Take a break from Brexit chaos &amp; just remember it's better for Scotland to be a normal country like our near neighbours Ireland, Norway, Iceland, Denmark... #DissolveTheUnion #Indyref2 #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
May to visit Scotland this week, insisting her #Brexit deal will 'strengthen the Union'
Good, please do vote the Brexit deal down buy be wary of Mrs May's Plan B. #brexit #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE
May to visit Scotland this week, insisting her #Brexit deal will 'strengthen the Union'
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected - May | Reuters
"Wrecker May"......Chuka Umunna: Theresa May will use a recession-era tactic to push through her Brexit deal
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Who in their right mind would want to listen to two incompetent politicians spouting lies about everything &amp; everybody for 30 minutes. Put them both in the 'Jungle' where they both belong!
That #Brexit is good for the UK.
independent|Theresa May admits she was wrong to say EU nationals ‘jump the queue’ to enter the UK|
's lasting legacy may well be that she united the country not for but against the cause she championed. She could do worse that champion a #PeoplesVote to either give her a genuine legacy -#brexit on her deal- or an honourable get-out-of-an-impossible-job card.
I recon to try such a stupid feat #Soros offered £1m to 1st to reach #UK #WOKE to #May's Betrayal #EU No Deal #Brexit #Sovereign #England #Brits Time to Roar #Boris #Mogg #Farage #McVey Sellouts #Gove #Corbyn #BBC #Merkel #Macron #Breaking #News #Monday #QAnon #Trump #MEGA
May to business - my Brexit deal gives you the certainty you need #stopbrexit
Now I wonder why May did not repeat, to a room of 100 business leaders, the vacuous pronouncements that it is a "deal for a brighter future", enabling them "to seize the opportunities that lie ahead"? #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #DamageControl #LoseLose
Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-British trade; UK differs #stopbrexit
the-guardian-uk|May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump|
Corbyn going full on unionist is weird to see.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Our children are not cannon fodder for the Franco German Army being formed either.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Nicky Morgan supports the deal - it must be shyte then. #newsnight #brexit
“I’m ANGRY and EMBARRASSED” that I ate in one of your restaurants and the food was shite!
Thanks for the kind words and go wishes . We'll be sorting out Brexit tomorrow.
Does the government sending out a pro brexit leaflet cancel out the anti-brexit leaflet sent out before the ref? Given they'd both be outside the campaign period
#Brexit takes another step towards Loony Town. Goodnight folks.
Nonsense. The Leave voters are mostly retired.
Dreadful
The EU listening to lobbyists? Putting their interests before patients? Say it ain't so!? 10 years trying to tighten regulations. Guess who won? The #EU - working against European citizens for 40 years. #Brexit #FBPE #BBCPanorama
#newsnight Interesting to see the ERG's Marcus Fysh. I can only assume that he's never spoken to a member of the public before. #brexit
But it doesn’t take us out of the EU - be very clear
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
#DonaldTrump in #Brexit blow to #TheresaMay after saying deal may hit US trade
#DonaldTrump in #Brexit blow to #TheresaMay after saying deal may hit US trade
I worked in Barcelona for four years as a lead developer. I still only speak english. I lived in naples for two. Still only speak english. I also voted brexit
No - we need to review where we are and decide anew if this is really what we want. We also need our MPs to grow up, put their ideologies aside, and be brave enough to make a decision based upon an informed and in-depth view, not sound bites #thinkagain #PeoplesVote
All of that is going to happen due to brexit - independence, and a return to the EU, will mitigate much of the damage caused. Brexit is an utter disaster and independence is the best way out.
If you can't even stand behind a podium properly, how can you negotiate #Brexit #ERG #Newsnight
We shouldn't give into fear on Brexit but we should let that fear guide where end up. Empty posturing about restoration of sovereignty is letting ego get in the way of prosperity. #newsnight
Sounds true, its inside the EU
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Donald Trump slams Theresa May's Brexit deal as 'great for the EU' and warns it will harm UK-US trade
Readers’ Poll: Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any Brexit TV debate?
We have a better deal. Revoke A50. There is no brexit majority.
Business boss says new Brexit referendum is 'best option for Hull'
Its ridiculous to say we'd all be poor under a Corbyn led govt tho, if brexit gets through that'll be the case whatever party in govt. Except the very wealthy, bankers hedge funds that Tories represent
Martin Gilbert COE of Standard Life Aberdeen, says jobs will not leave the City in huge numbers after Brexit. He is very positive about the City's future.
And not for the UK either
Oppose Brexit Yvette. Stand firm and vote against May's deal, please.
I think we should all be agreed upon the fact that Theresa May debating Jeremy Corbyn about Brexit, live on TV, would be fantastic entertainment - but only if May gets to argue the case for Remain and Corbyn for leave.
opined about a Mars trade deal. I thought Ork might be better for .
Good show, eh? Let's not worry about our total disregard for democracy and the rights of our fellow citizens, eh? We know the EU functions perfectly well (as a self-peretuating bureaucracy) without democracy to hinder it - so why did voters even dream we 'd implement #brexit?
Well, here we go again, that's #brexit for you! trying to drag us all back to the 1930's. is clearly detached from reality. Apologies to our friends across #Europe for his very stupid analogy.
Politician speaks truth shocker.....
Oh, and until Corbyn announces that he will Whip Labour MPs to vote AGAINST May's deal - not just abstain - anything he or his supporters say is just Brexit/Lexit waffle.
Right why is this the topic of conversation at 6:16am don’t they have more pressing issues to talk about? Like what our awkward PM is doing about the shambles that is Brexit???
Comedian leader of Fib Dems what's his name? uses the words real opposition!!!!! The guy who helped with the cruel Tory austerity choice. Wow just wow.
One of the things I love about Britain and the thing I hate most about Britain, in one photo. These days truly are a Monty Python episode written by Kafka.
#Farage’s SHOCK #Brexit warning as he reveals BIGGEST problem with #TheresaMay's #Brexit deal
No doubt about it. Same for Price in Wales. Shame Wales voted leave but you can understand the irresistible appeal of UKIP ? #popcorn
Mundell knows Brexit will be a disaster for Scotland but he's determined to do what his London bosses tell him and ensure it goes ahead like the creepy wee yes-man he is. If he'd a backbone at all he'd be demanding the same deal for Scotland as they're proposing for N. Ireland.
The latest Mike's Daily Dose! #brexit #sponsored
via ‘My deal DELIVERS’ May to tour UK in bid to win support for Brexit as vote looms #UK_News
I have no respect for . She offers nothing of substance or value and males little sense.
Absolute Lunacy. Brexit Deal art. 101 and art. 104
Here are the results of my other large Brexit poll. #LIBERTY
Trying to deflect attention from the poor Brexit deal?
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
The president cares about Britain. His mother was from Scotland and he has business interests in Britain as well.
BBC still too scared to call a lie a lie when it comes from the Tory party.
Well, dunno if you noticed, but brexit is with the tories ATM - they are in Gov. ? He clearly governs well, as the party voted for him twice, the 2nd time with a bigger majority, &amp; the last GE he increased the seat count above 2001 result so..... ???
Why do #Newsnight bosses feel the public care what the #HorseHeater has to say about laughable #Brexit deal #Skypapers #bbcpapers #PMQs
Yes, but what about Labour it’s Brexit position is as credible as the ERG’s
The national atmosphere is already extremely toxic. But the threats of Brexiter signer if the referendum was overturned are overblown &amp; a scare tactic to make us accept May’s deal. If Brexit was cancelled, a few Brexitards would shout a bit &amp; then go and get pissed in spoons
Why do people ALWAYS have to resort to mental illness based pejorative terms to make their point? It's so tiring
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
! Please support a #PeoplesVote - urgently!
$BLK $RDSA Theresa May Asks Business to Help Out With Hard Sell on Brexit Deal via
I hate to say it but hard Brexit very much isn’t dead. In a sane world Brexit wouldn’t be happening to start with. We are, to my mind, about to enter the ‘shit your pants and smear it on the walls’ stage. At that point no deal is possible
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Please cancel this Brexit farce. You wanted us to stay in the EU, so you know in your heart that it's the right thing to do for the UK. We are stronger together than apart. Parliament has the power to save us from financial ruin and the accompanying heartache.
I mentioned a while back that Sticky the stick insect had died of broken heart over Brexit. Now Corbi the Canary`s gone and snuffed it. Mom says he was watching PMQs on BBC when he suddenly fell off his perch. AND he`d been singing Rule Brittania.#Brexit #BrexitDeal
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Helps if you tag her in Andrea! Well
Wouldn’t a GE also do this? As I’ve said before May would never agree to a people’s vote, if she did she could go against the decision and force through brexit. It doesn’t stop anything, it doesn’t resolve anything. It could still go either way.
President Emmanuel Macron of France warned that “war scenes” on the Champs-Elysées last weekend tarnishing the country’s rising reputation abroad...its reputation is going downhill...inflation, debt, 35 hour week, social charges.....the list goes on ,
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B - The Guardian
Who gains by Brexit? #newsnight
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal #NEWS
Anna, no one is going to forgive your party, the Cameron/May axis will be it's epitaph.
Our children are not cannon fodder for the Franco German Army being formed either
Bravo! Mark Francois is really coming into his own.
300 years of lies
Fox is owned by his friend Murdock, which he has a stake in Geni's oil which in Golan height in Syria occupied by Israel, a very powerful connection
He's clearly not at all interested in the common good, then!
Suddenly everyone is now listening to experts and believing the economists and their forecasts again! ... This generation of MPs, MEPs MSPs really are the most fucked political twats ever... how do you lot even sleep! #BrexitAgreement #BREXIT #TWATS
#newsnight we have now had 3 separate opinions from the governing party! No wonder European leaders are running out of patience! #Brexit
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote Oppose
Another political song about that Brexit ... #ownyourshit by this geeza.... #anotherbrexitsong #ukulele #original
If anyone follows Q, you need to watch this. If nobody does, you still need to see this video THE Plan to save the world! Check it out, it gave me goosebumps.
What about Extreme Federalism, Anti-Britishness and the mere threat of Islamic Violence to dictate who we give asyslum too? Do you condemn those more serious things? #Brexit #Brexitforever #EUgameover
And you can bet your bottom dollar the weasel Gove will be the first to accept, horrid little Judas.
There’s just no life in his eyes, it is terrifying.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
really tired of you and asshole Boris mouthing off about #Brexit. Put your bloody money where your mouth is or STFU. At least has the courage of her convictions.
Probably self interest that got them there in the first place not consideration for future generations. RT : ''If I was a #British citizen I would be deeply sad when imagining the life of my grandchildren.'' on #Brexit
This Newsnight Brexit ‘debate’ is hilarious. In a very desolate kind of way, obviously.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
May to business - my Brexit deal gives you the certainty you need via #news #breaking
Critics of Theresa May's Brexit negotiations over the past two years outline five major mistakes
I don't want soft Brexit. I want #NoBrexitAtAll #StopBrexitSaveBritain #RevokeA50
Best’s #Market Segment Report: Gibraltar #Insurance #Market Enjoys Solid Performance but Brexit Creates Uncertainty
So state which version of Brexit you think everyone voted for.
Foxtrott Oscar, Donny
BBCNewsnight: First up, with their one-minute pitch for Brexit, is Tory MP Nadhim Zahawi who is backing the prime minister’s deal #newsnight | maitlis | nadhimzahawi
In your dreams I would suggest
I agree with Macron that after Brexit the French should have right of access to UK fishing waters. Provided we have right of access to French vineyards. They can have our fish if we can have their grapes.
She's going from bad to worse
'olive branch'
How do you work that out when he's said Labour is voting agains the backstop? More likely he wants the soft Brexit.
'Vince Cable missed a crucial vote on Brexit to attend a confidential meeting, reportedly about setting up a new centrist party.' Hmm!
Never a truer word said. “Look at how much time and money we’ve wasted getting to this pathetic point.” Time for a WTO #Brexit. #SkyPapers #PressPreview
Match Report: 1. The highly anticipated debut of BMBFC taken place tonight in what was expected to be a tough match up against some other side. Was it fuck. Fin ‘Hard Brexit’ Merchant opened the scoring and I’d be lying if I remembered what the goal was like.
Probably not before March 29. Labour are dead, done, cooked. This is no longer the party of opposition, this is an organisation taken over by a bunch of Marxist lunatics who have no interest in stopping Brexit.
Yes...predictable that we continue with the “two horse race” version of #Brexit in much the same way Westminster works the two party system. It suits them and it suits the #BBC to pander to it.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Don’t you think you should focus every last effort in promoting your Brexit Deal (aka yourself) instead of posting things like this? I mean you are going to need to because your deal is absolutely atrocious. Just resign you fool.
never come back
FOR FUCK’S SAKE
Wait. Wasn’t it in the SNP manifesto a few elections ago that the SNP wanted to withdraw from the CFP?? #Scotref #Brexit #SNP
As I voted "remain" in the referendum, if May were to lose the Commons vote on her deal and we ended up having a softer #Brexit, I would be content. It's the Brexiteers who should be asking whether a Norway+ deal would be consistent with leaving the EU?
No one is Interested in a Debate between two #Remainers Boris or Farage or Jacob Rees-Mogg have to be involved or Don't bother!
POTUS is the real deal, May is a total fake.
Isn't it about time to get a bloody backbone. You have let the people of #Scotland down. Rather than support and our you pander to the Tories. It is an absolute disgrace. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #indyref2
And there is no right about Brexit.
A Brexit debate between two Remain backing party leaders will do nothing to solve the problems that 17.4 million unrepresented Leave voters have with this bad deal.
Our children are not cannon fodder for the Franco German Army being formed
No kidding
This the first time in over 2 years I've laughed out loud because of Brexit, cheers The BBC's war with a Brexit protestor just escalated quite... brilliantly
And that would be achieved by a hard Brexit without costing £39b
Who didn't show up for the brexit parliamentary vote?
:It's like watching a high jumper who failed the Huddle Race now pretending to be doinh (the irrelevant) Marathon as a subterfuge! PATHETIC !
. Wow, what an orator. Is he the best #brexit has got?
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Proves BBC has a brexit mindset. Same thought processes obviously.
Veteran folk hero Mike Harding's letter to May says all you need to know...
The amazing thing i'm seeing at the moment is how many rats are trying to wash their hands of having voted for this rotten government. WASN'T ME GUV. It was, and many of you also voted for this stinking, calamitous brexit. Own it.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The latest The World News ! #cybermonday #brexit
Her deal isn't the will of the remain or leave. What planet does she live on?
...and you'll have to sell your children as the UK becomes a colony of Papua New Guinea...
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
skeletons in the closet?
Yes , but such memoirs are often a matrix of half-truths or outright lies - given that she is still shamelessly claiming a Brexit dividend , she is loath to give up a good falsehood
This seems a pretty absurd none issue. Why on earth would an arbitrary representative of a movement that has no intent to form a Government be given a platform in such a debate? The scheduling is certainly an interesting challenge though.
Here we are! Bring it on! Brexit over our dead bodies, we’ll not let a Schizophrenic Maygalomaniac bring disaster to the Nation!
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
#TomorrowsPaperToday What do THEY do when something big is about the happen? #MoralPanic #MockingbirdMedia #Brexit #FISA #declas #FifthDec #WorldwideQ #Q
If Fanta lemon's actually being discontinued that's a bigger disaster than Brexit
If you’re a Lecturer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
To have a debate, isn't it characteristic to find at least two speakers who actually disagree in some substantive way about the topic being discussed?
Not sure I’ll be able to watch this. Dunno if I’ve got the stomach for it...
With friends like these.... May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Trump
Totally agree - pathetic in her earlier role - pathetic throughout brexit - you have to be a real weak mp to be frightened and bullied by a pathetically weak person
Brexit: Trump hints May's Brexit could bar UK-US trade deal
This Brexit junk won't affect the IOM TT will it? I hope to see it one day.
A hard Brexit is what you want in the hope the chaos will advance separatism
Trump says UK ‘may not be able to trade with US’ under May’s Brexit deal He's right this farce is a joke now #brexit
The #DUP talking in the HoP are like those handful of people in every company who you just want to avoid on a daily basis. Complete doses of shite #brexit
Farage has become an international as well as a national u-tube phenomenon. But who has placed these eye-catching extracts on the platform? None other than RT-formerly Russia Today. No sign, then, of a Russian/far right Brexit conspiracy. #FBPE #PeoplesVote #EM4EU
Brexit plan gets best possible endorsement as states that in his opinion, it’s a bad for the UK
This is very unhelpful as the Foreign Office would doubtless say. This is a tough enough struggle without negative interventions by those whose intentions are far from positive.
Every reason in the world for the Brits to put a stop to the Brexit nonsense. If Trump is for it, odds are it’s bad for Britain.
Hard Brexit is automatic unless a deal is struck or A50 is rescinded. After what tweeted today, we need politicians with guts ( etc) to actually demand that we retract A50. There is light, at last, but we have not reached it yet.
Y'all saw the ish needs to lees talk and more action. D world ain't gat no time for games. #sheknows. #Heknows too it's all about the rule of law worldwide. One world order. #ruleoflaw #ruleoflawafrica #nomordenslaves #loverules #truthrules
‘In a time of Brexit let’s celebrate what it means to be different’ a beautiful introduction to the final performance last night and what a beautiful show it was. Well done to all involved.
This Corbyn's madness. He still thinks that he can negotiate a 'better Brexit' than May. There's no such thing and anyway, Barnier would show him the door. They've had enough of the UK's mad politicians.The only change acceptable would be to join the European Economic Area.
Marcus Fysh. No substance. No style. No clue. These Tory safe seats really do have a lot to answer for, including responsibility for the ERG &amp; a bunch of talentless MPs #Newsnight #Brexit
Thanks for the kind words and good wishes . We'll be sorting out Brexit tomorrow.
What would you say to someone who didn't believe they could write to their MP because they think he's a brexit loving t*****
The public got it wrong voting for Brexit, what makes you think they'll vote right this time? It's those people that messed up, and only those.
Commerzbank: Brexit 'Should Generate Good Demand For Gold As Safe Haven' | Kitco News
First time I've seen Marcus Fysh up on his fins offering the ultra-Brexit argument - dear God he's unimpressive. Selling a lousy idea very very badly
Carry On Regardless: Can UK Prime Minister May Put Her #Brexit Deal Through Parliament? (Matthew Cole) … …
Random Labour bloke on Newsnight I see. Shows how much they care about Brexit.
I'm not being funny, but if the #Brexiteers best hope is then I feel rather sorry for them. If you can't deliver a one minute pitch (on #Newsnight) for what you believe in then what hope could people have in their abilities to deliver #Brexit
Given the madness unfolding from Brexit why is the idea of STOP not an option? The country is divided and will remain so no matter what deal or not. So call it quits and pretend Brexit wasn’t even proposed and let the Tory party self destruct. They started this.
Shit me, he thinks this is his time to shine on parking fees for Mansfield town centre on market days
The irony is that May's appalling, cowardly, stupid plan is perfect Brexit: Leave the EU Change almost nothing so we can still blame EU &amp; take no responsibility even for EU decisions that we have power in now but won't &amp; most of all, deliver on just BLAMING IMMIGRANTS.
PM also risks controversy by downplaying Government’s own economic assessment of her Brexit deal: “It is very difficult to forecast the state of the economy".
Thought I’d pop over to Twitter for some bedtime Brexit reading. Then again, maybe not, ‘tis the stuff of nightmares! #BrexitShambles
Oh....”The Prime Minister says that rejecting this deal will send us back to "square one". Thanks to her botched negotiations, we never left "square one"." Ouch. Jeremy Corbyn just shredded Theresa May's Brexit "deal".
So all this mars research can only mean one thing so ... do we get to leave Theresa May behind? #MarsLanding #Brexit
Nice, and pro Brexit. Plonkers come in all shapes and sizes Victor.
Oil Prices Bounce Back, GBP up as EU Approves Brexit Deal - US Market Open
Who’s going to be on making the case for a proper Brexit? Farage? Hannan? Johnson? Rees Mogg?
I don’t know, I think has managed to come up with some worse ones. Vote for this because I want Theresa to remain PM and there are some young upcoming Conservatives.
Showing again how stupid the #PCPEU hashtag was. Corbyn is a hardcore brexidiot who does not want democracy, he wants his Venezuela ideal.
886 days since the referendum and 123 days until the deadline...yet still not one, bit one, supporter of Brexit can say how the UK will objectively be better off outside the European Union. #Newsnight
Doesn’t EFTA means - continued free movement of labour #Newsnight so I wonder why thinks joining EFTA is Brexit ?
Campbell hits the nail on the head.
tell us why they are against #Brexit, but don't tell us, what they actually want. #Newsnight
Hey! #HTML5 #CSS3 #bootstrap #RESPONSIVEWEB #bootstrap4 #PSD #javascript #jQuery #PSDtoHTML #work #PSDtoResponsive #sketchtohtml #code #Sketching #sketch #conversation #100DaysOfCode #100DaysOfMLCode Like this work? contact Us: Thank you!
Whats your assessment? pls reply &amp; RT
Coat Bomb And Explosive Prosthesis: British Intel Files Reveal How The #Zionist #SternGang Terrorized #London #BBC #MenachemBegin #UKIP #Brexit #Infowars #UKColumn #TommyRobinson #UniversityChallenge #Westminster #AmberRudd #TheresaMay #Parliament
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Just brilliant.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Well is many things but he’s certainly no champion of free or fair trade despite the adoration of the #Brexiteers
But Mrs May siad we wouldn't need the backstop....
