8 charts showing how Brexit is already taking a toll on Britain's economy (via )
‘Jumping off a cliff never has a happy ending’ – Major calls for Government to suspend Brexit via
Leicester firm races to beat #Brexit deadline to land £100m loan:
Do you want think design logo, business card, banner letterhead, flyer, stationery design, Brand identity. Please contract this link :
Everyone should be buying 25% extra every week, that way you will have a months supplies at March 29th and you will give retail and British farmers a pre-brexit boost.
I'm sure people struggling to get life-sustaining medicines or even basic food in the event of a No Deal Brexit will take succour from Jeremy Corbyn sticking to an absolutist interpretation of party policy, rather than taking a leading role in preventing a disaster.
Because Labour are frighteningly incompetent communist shitbirds with no more idea how to deliver Brexit than the incumbent miscreants.
The latest The iwhitten Daily! Thanks to #brexit #design
Warnock should read this...
I don't see why MP's should be threatened like this. May and the subverters of democracy are a disgrace. Let them block it then, they will reap the whirlwind. Brexit will be a long game, a shame but that's what may be required.
These letters have the same use as toilet paper. It does not mean anything if they want an agreement then they need to change the legal text in the BREXIT deal otherwise it's no point. As EU can still hold the UK to ransom &amp; tied to EU without any say.
Yes, #Brexit is a joke. A bad one we will soon consign to the rubbish bin.
I see Theresa May has staked everything on *opens massive dusty file titled THINGS THERESA MAY HAS STAKED EVERYTHING ON* her Brexit deal again
See if Brexit goes to a 2nd referendum then it opens up a fucking nightmare, 2nd votes can then be called on elections and any other votes put to the public after it. You asked the public to vote and they did, do yer fucking job you wannabe posh cunts.
Brexit came about because of a poorly educated electorate in the UK. Most of them couldn’t name a single law they are happy to rid of, and have no clue about how the EU even runs or works thanks to propaganda. They could of changed it considering they invented the single market.
The Brexit referendum was set against a backdrop of ‘games’ with an absence of critical information and a misrepresentation of facts.
Where there is no protection of LAW drastic measures are required: BREXIT - GETTING RID OF A USELESS NEGLIGENT QUEEN:
Another One Bites The Dust
Take today’s YouGov survey on Did the Brexit campaign mainly expose, or create, divisions? Plus, Andy Murray, and wellness
No downside to Brexit though.
&amp; Labour are losing support &amp; members because of his sitting on the fence stance to Brexit.
it's a shame that our elected MPs are more involved in saving the union than sticking the knife into a corrupt government.....shambles....
If the UK could patent, bottle and export the delusional self confidence enabling its Etonian public figures to say things like this, I wouldn't have any concerns about its trade prospects post-Brexit.
$1 trillion is leaving Britain because of #Brexit
I added a video to a playlist Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
#5things -Weak #China trade data -#Shutdown continues -Big week for #Brexit (really) -#Markets lower #stocks -Bank #earningsseason kicks off $C
Interesting debate as to which will happen first - Brexit or Spurs to play a first team match in their new stadium?
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
Cardiff: Warnock's Brexit views his own : Cardiff have distanced themselves from comments made by manager Neil Warnock about Brexit, saying they do not reflect the views of the club.
Very naive to think that a big upheaval like Brexit wouldn't have an impact on mental health - it's a huge stress for people worrying about their jobs, medications, cuts to services, changes in legislation. My neighbour is already struggling to get his prescription of insulin.
"This is no longer a debate about the merits of Brexit," says Priti Patel on #wato. That's very convenient for Brexiteers, since Brexit's merits *still* haven't been adequately demonstrated.
Sums it up very well.
She could of course pair off with a #Brexit supporting #MP; OH, wait a minute, you can’t trust conservative MPs to honour the arrangement.
A reminder that works of horror are also eligible for the Hugos
Travelodge has today launched a recruitment drive to fill expected vacancies post-#Brexit
Hes the physical embodiment of Brexit
#Brexit CONSPIRACY: Boris Johnson warns the DEEP STATE'S great conspiracy will BACKFIRE
#wato Edward Leigh says if we don't vote for Mrs May's deal 1) we might not get #Brexit and 2) that might be the end of the #Tory party. Thats 2 good reason NOT to vote for the deal.
While Brexit drives the UK insane, the EU is headed into recession... Then most bets are off...
Theresa May is busy trying to save her own job as she trashes the futures job prospects of generations to come. Warm words and empty rhetoric have no standing in law #brexit
Do not support this Company.
#Brexit #Democracy #uklaw Millions of Britain's sacrificed their lives sk we can live in a Free Democracy. How dare anyone wish 2 set aside the result if a valid Referendum This insults these heroes What next ? Civil War ? I would take up arms just like my forefathers
There’s no evidence that the Labour leadership have recognised at all just how much of the vote they got last time was from remain voters wanting to stop a Tory landslide mandate for Theresa May’s hard Brexit. No party can win a majority while backing Brexit.
This kind of confirms my suspicions that Leavers know that the 2016 ref was rigged and that they'd lose another vote. So much for British values, eh...
100% have you invited him on to your show yet ? Would be a cracker !!
Some, eg. PM May, who invented, developed, and seek to deliver a BAD #Brexit for Party Political Tory reasons. The Tory party split and the UKIP threat to the Tory Vote. She holds a complete disregard to the catastrophic impact on people, but not her husband's hedgefund.
History tomorrow folks...BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
The putting self interest above the national interest again. We demand our EU citizens rights are maintained. Brexit will be fatal to the country and it's economy. #StopBrexitToriesOut #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitSaveBritain #RevokeArticle50 now.
So pleased you've confirmed you'll be voting against the deal, but I'm interested to know if people you spoke to in our constituency were still for Brexit, or if it was being widely opposed?
You call this rag tag bunch ‘heavy weights’? Wow. No wonder Brexit is a dog’s breakfast.
Edward Leigh just said that a "no deal" Brexit would probably cause a "few days or even a few weeks" dislocation. He actually said that. Happy Privy Council appointment; we need people with your judgement getting more deeply involved in our government
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
The sheer panic in the voices, and on the faces of Tory politicians proves they know the game is up. Brexit is dead, and their careers will be very soon.
Daniel Holder of @ CAJNi on "Brexit: The complex new boundaries between different groups of citizens in Northern Ireland"
Millions are cheering on the no Brexit option - we can do it ! #wato
Morons being morons. #Brexitbox #Brexit #Idiots BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Almost no one will have heard of Gareth Johnson. But the resignation of a whip 24 hours before a vote is significant. He has the nose count and knows who's wavering. #brexit
"Theresa May has warned of "paralysis in parliament" and no Brexit if her deal is rejected" BLINK TWICE IF YOU ACTUALLY WANT NO BREXIT TERRI.
We don’t even know what brexit looks like yet, it hasn’t even happened. So people saying it’s going to be awful are just using any excuse to change what’s happened because they don’t agree with it.
No, you imbecile, it’s your WA that’s not Brexit. Those blocking it are the ones trying to uphold the democratic process. You can’t make something true by saying it over and over again.
#Brexit. #Dutch PM Says EU Elections Less Relevant Than National Ones. Comment And Reporting From Brussels.
Can't wait for the day I'm not worried about Brexit and antisemitism. Then my twitter can go back to being all about memes and anecdotes about me bumbling through life
ROSS CLARK: Alternatives to May's Brexit deal will all end in disaster
How might #Brexit impact on the spending of those British adults who say the economic outlook heavily impacts their purchasing behaviour? Who are these adults, how commercially important are they and how can marketers best engage them? See our new blog
DUSTBINS AT THE READY: 'It would be the height of recklessness to do anything else': Theresa May warns voting down her deal will block Brexit but how nobody knows but on a more serious note MPs and Councillors should be on their guard
Listening to that nutcase bleating about No Deal Brexit. What sort of idiot votes for a loon like that?
Just in case you have forgotten we cannot do any deals with USA u Dear your deal. You may think you can but once again you are wrong. In fact you always seem to be confused on matters affecting Brexit. You were wrong person to pick for PM.
Thread. . Time to come off the fence. No Brexit, please. #TellThemTheTruth #RevokeArticle50
How about ALL OF US resign over Brexit? Would that help?
[BLOG] The EU’s latest effort won’t help May pass her Brexit deal |
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' -
Please please let Brexit fail . Don't hold that "threat" over our heads, it is the best outcome .
Ghastly fellow.
Also, as a friend put it, watching the first few seasons having read the books, you knew what was going to happen next. Now, you feel totally lost and anything might happen. Very Brexit.
In a last-ditch bid to win backing, British PM May plans to tell lawmakers she has received further assurances about her Brexit deal, via
Join the free, easy to use Charity Excellence Framework online toolkit and get your #charity #Brexit ready by increasing your impact, financial resources and performance in every area of activity.
2 1/2 yrs ago.Brexit voters have died/ changed their minds &amp; most importantly millions of young pple who's futures r being toyed with, have come of age. But leave vote should not be split so both Remain &amp; Leave with May's deal should be the ballot. No deals not going to happen.
Fuck, fuck, fuckety fuck #stopbrexit
Everyone is talking the nonsense about the brexit so thought I'd join in.
Is the problem Brexit? Or ?
So what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in a People's Vote if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal and 'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A General Election makes more sense than a People's Vote. #politicslive
BREXIT GLOOM: 8 Charts Showing How Brexit Is Already Taking A Big Toll On Britain's Economy (via ) /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
No deal Brexit! Let Jean-Claude Junketeer, Sun King Macron and Dulle Griet Merkel vanish.
To be fair they were facing a huge and organised group of countries speaking with a unified voice while they couldn't agree what they wanted for 2 years because none of the so called brexiteers had an actual plan in the event of Brexit.
sinking Brexit
Yeah Brexit means Brexit but people are apparently free to define that themselves. Bonkers.
I'm in.
Where there is no protection of LAW drastic measures are required: BREXIT - GETTING RID OF A USELESS NEGLIGENT QUEEN:
UK #Brexit EEA-Passport Firms &amp; Fund Managers on Open Temporary Permissions Regime TPR Window #UK #EU
Well done . A voice of reason in this catastrophic betrayal of Brexit even if Adam Bolton did try to talk over you.
Whatever happens with tomorrow’s vote or the future of #Brexit one thing is certain. You are a national hero Gina. #ParliamentarySovereignty
Just announced on Gareth Johnson - Government whip - has just resigned over #Brexit
BREXIT: CONSERVATIVE WHIP GARETH JOHNSON RESIGNS SKY NEWS
The UK Did note vote for Brexit Only England and Wales
Simon's jingoistic gamble means we are all staring at WTO Brexit.
You stink of Brexit
This is ruining my lunch time the more I think about it, because doesn't even know if the leave vote wanted (at the time) a deal (hers, or a different one) or no deal at all.
James, to be fair, with Brexit on the cards, Scotland voted to remain part of the UK. The UK then voted to leave the EU.
Brexiteer MPs' outrage over the backstop is idiotic. If they can't trust the word of our neighbours that they hate it, how will they make all these unicorn trade deals with our allies? #Brexit #NoToNoDeal #PeoplesVote
Why the Hell does Owen Patterson look so bloody happy, when he must know that Brexit has now gone down the toilet. Her deal will fail, &amp; Parliament has killed off No Deal. What am I missing Owen ? because we Leave Voters are despondent.
How long, how long can be during The brexit? we are speaking about every where, every time and every day.
Judging by his grit and determination at the Australian today I reckon might be our best bet for sorting out the current #Brexit shambles. He's a real inspiration. Go Andy!
Well That Means You Are An IDIOT Prepared To Vote For 's #BLINDBrexit Only A FOOL Would Do As Such God Help Your Constituents
Westminster isn't only paralyzed. It's on life support.
If there's a #general_election over #Brexit, the shortage of #toilet_rolls will prove a problem in Westminster, because MPS in marginal seats are already in urgent need of them. Government contingency plans include a simulated mass arse wipe by MPs on Palace Green using grass.
Once again, blaming the EU as scapegoat for the rotten policy of the national government. This time Spain. Brexit is based on ignorance of the facts and distortions of the truth.
The link between the Withdrawal Agreement and the Political Declaration is to be noted in the Official Journal of the EU. But you may already have known that if you read 's Brexit Bulletin on Friday. Stay ahead of the game by signing up:
Umm, when your whip resigns on the eve of the Brexit vote, that’s not a good thing. #PeoplesVote
#FBI should investigate the #Mercer family &amp; try to understand why they invested so much money to push #Brexit &amp; doing so helping Putin's interests. Is all about the Money &amp; Mercer &amp; Putin are in this shit together
No Deal Brexiteer MPs are risking No Brexit by voting down Mays deal. There is a majority in the house for a second referendum which can lead to revoking Article 50 altogether.
Apparantly we're going to be short of #ToiletRoll come #Brexit voilà keep those letters coming #Juncker
So....Dominic Grieve MP says he won't let the country leave the EU in a no deal scenario.....well....there are a large number of Leave voters who won't let Dominic Grieve get away with derailing Brexit....at least we all know where we stand eh Dom
Just wondering even if conservatives could win a majority if i could trust them to deliver full brexit? Would have to be a leave pm and those hypocrite mp's (Soubry, Grieve et al) be replaced first.
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain
Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes' Usually the do
I agree brexit in name only is what will happen. And world events will ensure we progress with closer integration. You cannot stop time and you cannot stop the natural direction of travel, its the way of the universe. Brexit is just making us take the long way round....
Forum: The future of Brexit - Some light relief from the Daily Mash, but many a true word in jest ...&lt;BR&gt;ht...
Don't forget who saved you're skin in 2017 Jeremy.
The British government has published a letter from EU leaders that it hopes will ease MPs worries over the Brexit agreement between Britain and the bloc
UK police advise shops to hire extra security for no-deal Brexit
Janey Godley V Nadine Dorries On Brexit via
'This is your decision. The Government will implement what you decide.' #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit
Britain has no far-right MPs, yet there are people who would consent to being influenced by far-right wingers in other countries.
Anything Pro Brexit is now labelled as far right.
Liking it
And not a single ‘hoot for Brexit’ in the entire video!
Sir I asked earlier but I didn’t get a response... what will you do differently?
Theresa May Accused Of Lying About Welsh Referendum In 'Desperate' Brexit Deal Speech
As someone with a memory of 2016 I am very much in a position to make this claim. Official Leave campaigners, in their bid to convince the public to vote for Brexit, were talking about Norway or Canada deals for the UK.
Sky News:
Give over. Those aren't the real reasons you're voting for this dog's dinner of a deal. I think your constituents are going to be mightily disappointed with your decision. How dare you use them as a convenient smokescreen for your opposition to your twice elected leader?
Legally, No Brexit is not an option, Article 50 was triggered and an act of Parliament further passed the UK leaving the EU by 29th March 2019.
Fine by me. We could continue to live in the UK after 20 yrs as before, as opposed to applying (begging) and paying to remain in our own home for our kids who were born here &amp; speak only English.
Another shining example of deflecting from her #brexitshambles by reigniting an old divide in an attempt to distract &amp; weaken the nation. She will stop at nothing to get her deal passed even if it causes unrest amongst the people she serves. #Fail #PeoplesVote
When I voted leave two years ago my main reservation was that we didn’t have politicians of the calibre to carry through with Brexit and derive any benefit from it. At least I got that bit right!!
Tax funds spending but taxes rely on a growing economy. Brexit or Lexit would force the economy into recession &amp; lead to a deeper longer period of austerity
It's more likely Brexit will not happen on 29 March than no-deal — EIU
Brexit wont save Britain, the English destroyed what Germany couldn't, mass immigration crime up no housing schools hospitals, pollution up due to over populated cities, ethnic cleansing of the white English race
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via Trump should watch this.
Theresa May's last-ditch Brexit plea backfires #KickTheToriesOut
The EU’s latest effort won’t help May pass her Brexit deal
Scotland can't be in the passenger seat if UK is driven off Brexit cliff edge
MPs voting down May’s Brexit deal are the elite revolting against democracy | Bob Seely
Needless to say the obvious prediction is that this is buggering up the current drive for building a case for indyref2 against the context of Brexit etc, which is A: seriously bad news, and also B: exactly what sods law predicts
May's #Brexit deal is a form for purgatory, will only prolong the agony, and suits nobody, neither #Remain nor #Leave . If Parliament votes May's deal down, and will not go along with No Deal, then the only possible course is either to #RevokeArticle50 or #PeoplesVote
May's deal does not constitute Brexit though, so let's hope not.
So our useless Government has taken time out from chronically mismanaging Brexit to ban wood-burning stoves and coal. Give me strength …
New LSE boss faces client revolts on top of Brexit challenge, says
Join the free, easy to use Charity Excellence Framework online toolkit and get your #charity #Brexit ready by increasing your impact, financial resources and performance in every area of activity.
Government front bench MO Gareth Johnson resigns
says no brexit is more likely that no deal if MPs don’t vote for her deal. I like threats like that. More of them please. Will she withdraw A50 in hope of re-election? #brexit
New: In comparing Brexit to Welsh devolution, Theresa May was wrong on two counts (£ !?)
Cardiff City distance themselves from manager Neil Warnock&amp;apos;s pro-Brexit views | Evening Standard
Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote
I really hope this is true
PageGroup revenue will increase however Brexit uncertainty weighs on UK PageGroup has posted double-digit revenue progress however mentioned uncertainty surrounding Britain’s...
BBC News - Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
BREAKING: Dartford MP Gareth Johnson has resigned from his position in the Government's Whip's Office saying Theresa May's #Brexit deal would be "detrimental to our nation's interests".
I do wonder who is turning her wind up key.
Theresa May mocked for delivering Brexit speech in front of 'a load of mugs' via
ALL politicians seeking to block brexit &amp; dismiss the referendum result, should be sacked! If we do not leave eu on 29/03/19, i will NEVER VOTE AGAIN. Tories will NEVER be trusted again! #BrexitMeansBrexit! #Brexit-DealOrNoDeal!
Europe starting the week on the back foot following weaker-than-expected industrial production and China trade data and Brexit uncertainty: Stoxx -0.68%, DAX -0.49%, CAC -0.65%, UK-FTSE -0.88%.
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Government in a statement on Facebook saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government"
That you think "tariff free trade" is the outcome of brexit you're more stupid than I gave you credit for.
City of London analysts are warning clients to prepare for a UK election this year as May's #Brexit deal collapses. End game nearing for May too. via
Ol' Timmy Spoons has gone to town flogging his brexit views in that magazine over the last few years.
So many people walk into this trap of thinking you can defeat this Brexit mass psychopathy by arguing with it on its own terms, showing it the evidence of its own hypocrisy etc. You can't. The only thing you can &amp; must do is ignore &amp; overrule it. That is just how psychopathy is.
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
Theresa May’s monstrous Brexit deal will crash us into a political iceberg and sink the UK
Yes and the Withdrawal Agreement is about to be voted on for the 1000th time as MPs have still failed to pass it!
72 days until Brexit and we still have no deal your country needs you #britainsexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #DealOrNoDeal #BrexittOrNah
We need an end to this brexit nonsense but we must also have an end to austerity and neoliberalism before there are any more unnecessary deaths. We need a Labour government - now #GTTO #GeneralElectionNow #JC4PM
With warning and EU letter, May tries to pull MPs behind Brexit deal - Reuters
Playing politics regardless of the cost just to get a GE, and with people like Abbott, McDonnell and some of the shadow ministers that show up on TV, they can’t seriously get elected.
He'll let everyone know he's actual position once he's used brexit for his power play into number 10. I'm guessing that since he has a history of being eurosceptic, he'll carry on with those sort of things.
In comparing Brexit to Welsh devolution, Theresa May was wrong on two counts
I have said it before and will say it again: the establishment want Brexit for their own ends - proof of when they didn’t give a shit about a ref result when it didn’t suit them.
You won't get the politically correct politicians to agree with the people who put the them there, just look at Brexit .
Sabina Kalyan is speaking tomorrow Investment Intentions Road Show 2019. She will be speaking on a topic that is very much in the UK headlines at the moment - #Brexit. Sabina will look at the Impact of Brexit on the European real estate industry
What are your thoughts on Boles and co in parliament who are hellbent on scuppering any form of Brexit? How do you propose to overcome them? If "no deal" is prevented, there'll be no Brexit. They'll have won and defeated popular democracy.
Brexit uncertainty sends small business confidence to a seven-year low Confidence amongst small businesses has tumbled to a seven-year low – in part due to the uncertainty of Brexit. A survey carried out by the…
The whole Brexit affair is a story of anti-democracy hostility by the elite.
No thanks We voted to leave , not be tied to your institution on a “good Will” promise 340k people have signed a petition showing a no deal doesn’t scare us at all despite your propaganda and pressuring of our MPs. We will have a future relationship with a FTA but not your laws
Everybody pushing PV above all else is enabling continued Tory rule and Austerity. Think again! Another Brexit is possible. #LabourBrexitDeal
Discovery applies for Netherlands channel licences ahead of Brexit Discovery is applying for new broadcast licences in the Netherlands for its European pay TV channel portfolio, ahead of Britain’s scheduled exit from the Europe Union on 29 #tvconnect
Well done Ryan
This is all well and true but, you chat wang lad. Literally, have you seen the videos of ,"Anti-fascists" shouting at pro brexit protests? They cause alarm and distress by calling people who aren't Nazis, "Nazis". They should all be warned and arrested.
What's sovereignty got to do with it? You brought it up?! I was saying that respecting a manifesto commitment by voting against the Welsh Assembly is different to going against a manifesto commitment to overturn Brexit. Do you think it is ok to say one thing and do the other?
BREXIT Quite frankly, I'm a bit fed up with those who ignore the legislative nature of the Brexit thing e.g. walking away from a marriage without settling all that needs to be settled ignores the things that...
MPs shouldn't have to do this. Pairing has broken down and was a bad system anyway. Parliament should enter the 20th century and introduce remote and/or proxy voting.
Where there is no protection of LAW drastic measures are required: BREXIT - GETTING RID OF A USELESS NEGLIGENT QUEEN:
Let me guess as I actually don’t know but I suspect that O’Brien is a Remainer. You can always tell by the nonsense and bigoted rhetoric that comes out of their mouths. I can respect an honest and well considered difference of option but not proven lies.
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
URGENT: UK government whip Gareth Johnson resigns ahead of #Brexit parliament vote
It's encouraging that so many millionaire MPs believe that we'll get through a no-deal #brexit without a problem. And I don't subscribe to the frankly malicious suggestion that (EU) 2016/1164 has anything to do with this. No siree, Bob.
Let's add: 1. No freedom to trade outside the EU 2. Having to retain EU standards rules and regulations 3. Having to pay into the EU Should I carry-on? By not preparing for a proper Brexit (one with no deals) you have left Britain with no choices. Who's paying your check?
#Brexit ~ 'We have to LEAVE!' Boris Johnson warns 'EU economics' has left European countries in RUIN
I wish it would be so, but we are in a police state which supports globalism and the NEW WORLD ORDER and they will kill us as soon as look at us, never forget this is not just the EU we are fighting against, it is the UN and the NWO MAY is a puppet, always has been and always is
Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit: The British prime minister faces crunch parliamentary vote on her government's deal to leave the EU on Tuesday.
It's always the BBC at the front of the queue.. no surprise as they are the main peddlers of anti brexit BS..
Pentagram promotes civil disobedience with “Acid Brexit”
"Even if the UK does exit the EU under the auspices of the current withdrawal agreement, the political and economic uncertainty associated with Brexit won’t be resolved," - JP Morgan last week.
Just more spin. A petulant attempt to thwart the result of the EU Ref. Parliament voted 544-53 to hold the EU Ref. and pass the decision to the people. Reneging that decision will damage our Country far more than Brexit!
We will never forgive those who vote for this deal AND try thwart Brexit. A few #YellowVest folk is a tiny representation of what will come.
Another #tory frontbencher has resigned over May's #BrexitDeal me thinks May's Brexit deal could be the death nail for the #Tories
So I need to travel from London to Munich on 31st March, but I'm worried about cancellations. Is there any info on whether trains, planes, or ferries have different probabilities of problems after the #Brexit date in case of #NoDealBrexit?
PM losing Brexit 4-1 on Johnsons (not all of whom are related). 4 are conservative.
A #Brexit risk register - what are the key risks you should be thinking about now?
Dominic Grieve is going to scupper Brexit and the remoaner’s will get their way. I’m bloody fuming about it Sir. Protests on the streets will follow.
more bullshit from the privileged bullshitter
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension: -
She literally voted against the Government of Wales Bill in 1997....
Yesterday, I chatted with a carer who visits a housebound elderly lady in my street who I've yet to meet &amp; offered to cook a hot meal for her daily when #Brexit goes tits up. I'm hoping she'll say yes. Thanks for the push to do this kind of thing J
Well, at least there's clarity from the EU. Shame the same can't be said of our government. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
On idea I put forward at #Cop24 was the people’s seat that gave rise to media inclusion. Brexit has exposed how discounted we have become &amp; how our democracy has left people behind. If we a series about having a more open, collaborative &amp; deliberative process, let’s build it.
via WATCH: Theresa May delivering speech on Brexit
NO BREXIT CONFIRMS WE DO NOT LIVE IN A DEMOCRACY. DON'T THINK THE PUBLIC WILL TAKE THIS WTHOUT A FIGHT.
The solidarity, consistency, and resolve of those opposing Brexit has been inspiring: never flinching, never compromising, never doubting - Remain means Remain.
Yes there is.... YOU
Well this inspires confidence... NOT
Grieve's position is driven by opportunism. Realistically the PM's deal is the only one to be negotiated, there is no other deal to be had. What changed is that Grieve realised preventing Brexit became a realistic possibility. I just wish he'd be honest about his objective
Oliver Letwin is completely wrong to be planning to revoke Article 50. He should keep the promise he made to his constituents in Feburary 2016: that the referendum decision "will be respected and immediately implemented".
No! No! No! You promised to leave! Keep to your promises!
May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation
True. This government has presided over a descent into unparalleled inequality. Brexit though, is far from a distraction, it will help them complete the job by making the nation far poorer.
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension: via
BREAKING: Dartford MP Gareth Johnson has resigned from his position in the Government's Whips' Office saying Theresa May's #Brexit deal would be "detrimental to our nation's interests".
France hoping British politicians will approve Brexit deal - Yahoo News UK
MUCH better than the country suffering catastrophic harm from #Brexit
Very important thread for anyone arguing Labour needs to back Leave to hold on to seats:
The simple truth.
Quality writing is what we promise #writing #MedicalResearch #medicalwriting #mondaymotivation #nvmedicalwriting #drnuwanthi #writerslife #author #doctors #scientist #ScientificResearch #scientific #healthcare #HealthTech #Brexit #lifecoach
“Brexit is a key factor in the housing market being relatively quiet. Would-be #homebuyers are holding off as Brexit enters its supposed end stage”
I'm afraid not we had the vote remainers lost simple.
Aye we will vote labour who's leader wants brexit feck off. Scotland isn't listening we have outgrown the UK &amp; we won't be dragged anywhere by an inept corrupt WM. #EndLondonRule #IndyRef2
Another frontbench Conservative quits job over #Brexit deal
UK Transport Secretary said it was "possible that there could be some freight traffic disruption in Kent in the event of a no-deal, if additional customs checks were introduced in Calais, Coquelles and Dunkirk, where freight services disembark." #Brexit
A ‘No Deal’ #Brexit could see delays for imports to the UK. See what this could mean for tissue products, such as loo rolls #paper #justintime
Hmmm. UK has population of 66 million yet we are being told to stay strong for the 17.4 million. Also, more than a million people have died since referendum, most of them elderly who largely voted Leave. There’s no majority for Brexit today.
Ah, Brexit in two historical words. Thanks
who still wants brexit to happen im??? is this meant to be some kind of threat??? no brexit is literally the best scenario. is she ok // "Theresa May tells MPs to back her deal or risk no Brexit at all"
Utter MADNESS, in my view. NOTHING is more important than the safety of her unborn son's health and well-being. And to do this AGAINST medical advice, truly makes no sense at all to me, as does 'going to the papers' about her decision. NEVER risk a baby's well-being, not ever.
She was brilliant!!!
Classic Bojo bollox
Brexit is bad M'kay?
brexit
This is of v. limited legal comfort. Politically it’s more meaningful but it’d be folly to put stock in political comfort given wider rhetoric/recent events. Would be surprised if this helped the PM sway Tories to back her deal.
Not really. Kicks can so far down road there won't be time 2 avert disaster; &amp; if by some miracle did secure GE, no "alternative Brexit" possible, so it would inherit same impasse. Get off the fence &amp; #StopBrexit, any form of which = disaster for the many, not the few.
1/ Everyone piling on Esther McVey but even DWP Sec doesn’t have carte blanche to run welfare. McVey was appointed by May to run a benefits system to make the poor poorer. She’s there on behalf of PM to be a lightening conductor for hostile policies while May plays it both ways.
HaHa, Seems Bollocks the best word to describe so much about #Brexit now.
We are where we are due to Theresa Mays plan to shackle UK to EU ...she failed to tell EU that UK was leaving on WTO terms ... unless EU reached agreement with UK before Brexit ...bad negotiation tactics by a remainer PM ...voters will take their revenge at next election
"Can I interest you in this jar of magical Brexit unicorn farts?"
Brexit is all about lies Why stop now?
Considering it would invalidate the entire Withdrawal Agreement and the very point of the backstop, a moot point.
Message to Dreda. I hope you are still onboard with #Brexit. You're one of its best advocates. Are you worried it's about to be stolen from us? - *V*
BREAKING NO DEAL: Juncker and Tusk send May eleventh hour letter ahead of crunch Brexit deal vote
One ranty Leaver florist on a thread said, when challenged, that her business would not be affected by Brexit because "we buy most of our flowers from China and Brazil.' When it was pointed out that that was trading via EU terms, she went all quiet...
Delingpole: Britain’s Brexit Betrayal Conservatives Are the Walking Dead
"We had previously assigned the probability of 60:20:20 to an orderly Brexit, a no-deal Brexit, and no-Brexit, respectively, but revised this after the surprise ECJ ruling to 50:10:40," JPMorgan last week.
To be honest, I kind of admire Neil Warnock for sticking his head above the parapet. Assuming 52% of sportsmen &amp; women, actors, media commentators and journalists voted for Brexit, they’re awfully shy about their opinions, or are they just frightened of the abuse they receive?
It doesn't matter what is there now Untill the previous one didn't accomplishe. It's not a toy games, it's a will of nation. Fulfill it step by step, dont mess up thinga—Brexit,leave EU then,if u want ask people what they want now&amp;if the majority say back to EU then back to EU
It's worse than that
I agree - staying in the EU would be the best outcome. However, a Norway style deal is one of the few types of Brexit that is consistent with the Good Friday Agreement. In the real world no UK Government is going to try renegotiating that.
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Government in a statement on Facebook saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government"
The best (only good?) part of Brexit is learning the names of all these Tories you've never heard of!
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it
The people voted for Brexit. They did not vote for any deal. The Government tried to negotiate a Withdrawal Agreement they failed now Article 50 gives us right to leave on 29th March. Parliament agreed that date so we leave on WTO terms. Anything else is antidemocratic!
We have been planning for a no-deal Brexit for some time as we have no faith in our politicians to get a decent deal. We've set up a subsidiary in Holland and rented premises, but to a small company like us that's a big investment, and one we'd have preferred not to have made
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved. When the relevant bill was put to the Commons after the Welsh referendum, many Tory MPs, including the then newly elected May, voted against it.
John pointing out that England wishes Brexit would just "go away". Paralysis, confusion, disconnection and a dumb resignation abound. A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
Your daily reminder Scotland and NI voted to remain in the EU.
Not if it allows Brexit
It's simple. Brexit involves the deliberate construction of barriers to trade with our nearest, biuggest market. Go on - try and explain why that won't make us poorer.
This is merely an attempt by May to manipulate pro Brexit MPs to vote for her deal. Even if she succeeds in persuading some, she’s still lose by a massive margin. Also, no Brexit is absolutely more likely (and obviously better) than a Brexit with no deal.
Ian Tomlinson ? RIP.. etc... #London #Londonmet #CityofLondon #murdermonday #brexit
"To hell with the rest of the world!" Neil Warnock writes the Brexit slogan for the bus if there is another referendum
If you're not British, please check that your national parliament does allow for a proxy voting or remote voting system so women in labour don't lose their ability to represent their voters. Fix it now, before there's a specific case where one party will get an advantage.
Neil Warnock for Brexit Secretary please
Good to hear talking to a rapt student audience about politics and principled decisions #SamOnCampus #Brexit
Theresa May's deal is a betrayal of all voters whichever side they voted for #FBPE
Same from my local MP.
Well, have you?
. ==&gt; #Brexit, #Trumpism and #Putin’s war on the #Ukraine are all DISTRACTIONS. In Case You Wonder Why People Revolt
BBC News - Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
We think so too Janice!!!!!
Sky News: It begins.
His next check-in with his Malaysian boss will surely be an awkward one...
Will it be as unfounded as Y2K stockpiling? Perhaps not, but noteworthy that #brexit is worrying ppl like Y2K, and that says something about Leave's promises!
Bollocks, brexit is shite
#TheresaMay #Brexit and the #Beast!
Changes are needed at the BBC. The anti Brexit reporting will not be tolerated.
Not to mention the ease with which she lies about devolution
There's no such thing as a remainer who votes for Corbyn. Labour under Corbyn are pro-Brexit. I also brought up a number of different scenarios whereby one might not want to vote for Labour under Corbyn, which you didn't address, but *you* kept talking about the EU, not me.
#notanastrologer - #MichaelGove says he is #notanastrologer to predict the #Brexit vote. But you caused this #brexitshambles ! Yea you #mysticgove
As the Scottish Director of the campaign which broke electoral law to win the Brexit vote, Tom is very worried about faith in democracy.
IMPORTANT: Any person interested in devolution/Brexit/political future of UK should read this.
Our latest weekly roundup includes the FCA's preparation for a range of Brexit scenarios as well as updates on the regulator's sector views. Read it here:
For more gold, have a read of: by a Cambridge historian.
4) We can &amp; should be thinking of that is actually best for our nation and citizens, now &amp; in the future. Those who will follow us, the future generations, will never forgive us for this travesty &amp; act of national self-harm if we don't halt this Brexit hubris! #stopbrexitnow
#DUP rejects 'meaningless assurances' from EU on #Brexit backstop - Dodds calls for 'real changes' to withdrawal agreement
At last, someone punctures the most obvious and absurd argument that gets out about re: Labour’s route to power through “leave” and “remain” voters.
I have often wondered how many have fallen off and landed on the election conveyor belt.
Is that why you agreed the sum total of fuck all in your time as Brexit secretary?
Blame it on Brexit.
Be informed that the 15th of January 2019 the Great Britain Parliament shall hold a Brexit negotiation (leaving the EU). This may lead to a harsh increase of volatility and to a lack of liquidity for a certain amount of financial instruments. #oott
Apparently a government whip has just resigned over Brexit. If TM is watching, ' the seams' have definitely come apart now. Revoke article 50 and then resign. You know it makes sense.
Fantastic news, all the best for 2019 and beyond! #BREAKING #news #cannabis #california #canada #Brexit #ukparliament #EMMAC
Fantastic news, all the best for 2019 and beyond! #BREAKING #news #cannabis #california #canada #Brexit #ukparliament #EMMAC
I sincerely believe that MP's and Lords with vested interest in the UK staying in the EU should need to declare it. This would give Brexit a completely different picture. Never can understand why anyone would want to remain in a failing EU, only for personal gain.
UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after Brexit?
The UK and #London in particular could see IT #jobs in financial services move to hubs across the European Union as a result of Brexit. | Via
More cobblers from this most venal and mendacious of men,
Good points but I think your logic is faulty on the PV crew getting in if Cob/Lab split leave voters at a GE. There's more to politics than Brexit. I'm a Remainer but I'll happily vote for a Corbyn Brexit because we voted for it, and I can't abide 8 more years of Tory cuts.
Why have I just received a copy of WetherspoonNews, claimed circulation 2 million, advocating a no-deal #Brexit?;Have Wetherspoon's shareholders being consulted about this expenditure? Would it be regarded as expenditure in any future referendum or general election?
Brain Force pills caused Brexit
NEW - Tory MP Andrew Murrison has tabled his Brexit amendment. It calls for backstop to end on 31 December 2021, and is explicit that this would require a change to withdrawal agreement.
Watch live ? Are you serious ? God almighty if I hear that woman's voice anymore telling us we voted Brexit , on an illegal referendum.............
FTSE 100 watch: Brexit worries and China data hit Footsie #ftse100 #footsie
But Polls are now saying that the majority want a NO Brexit....
LBC poll #GetRealJC
How very last year.
Just #StopBrexit folks. It’s such a nonsense. You are tying yourselves in knots as if in a game of Twister and you are all about to collapse into an unsightly heap.
I thought Brexit meant Brexit. And we were leaving in March? Fo sho. Make up your mind, TM. Next you'll be telling us there will be no general election, and then you'll call one.
UK #passport drops to sixth in global power index. Massive anticipation for it to surge back up the rankings when back to blue. #Brexit
Theresa May urges MPs to back her deal in last-ditch speech after EU reassurances over Irish backstop
hey man yey an it dead simple to man we wan political party bak #brexit an no half bak #brexit to scor points on us
"The red flavour of Brexit is not as bad as the blue flavour of Brexit". Do these people think we're all stupid?
Priti Patel disagrees with the Prime Minister that No Brexit is more likely than No Deal #wato
This is really interesting. I keep thinking that if the EU ref hadn't been so close that might have facilitated a much much softer brexit (that remainers might have been much happier with) though - which is sort of the opposite to your conclusion I think?
&amp; Need to be more vocal about their how they are the only party that can deliver a real Brexit!
You don’t even know how to #Brexit! What was advertised was lies. What kind of patriotism is that? It isn’t... you don’t care about your country.
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Government in a statement on Facebook saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Gove…
If Theresa May loses the #Brexit vote tomorrow, she has until Monday next week to bring a 'plan B' to parliament. Explainer of some of her options: Renegotiate with the EU27 Extend article 50 Public vote General election Cancel article 50 No-deal Brexit
As encouraged by Vlad the Boss...
Going well then.
That’s why they stuck with it! Similar to the hard/soft Brexit bs! There is ONLY Brexit
If reneges on #Brexit the implications for democracy in the UK will be catastrophic &amp; the separation between the people &amp; the politicians will never have been greater. #Brexit must be allowed to go ahead in order for trust between the HoC &amp; the voters to be rebuilt.
The fate of Brexit is deeply uncertain as the UK parliament is likely to reject PM May's deal on Tuesday night.
. Look at this thread. These people have a No Brexit message for you. #TellThemTheTruth #RevokeArticle50
But you seem to be mandating some kind of Brexit, based on the flawed mandate if the 2016 ref. You're tying yourself in knots trying to square the fact that Corbyn wants Brexit even though all, Brexits,are harmful to the UK, particularly to the woest off.
So there are (still) broadly three paths Brexit can take in the short term, given red lines: - The Brexit deal (Withdrawal Agreement/Political Declaration on Future Relationship) - No deal (default option under Article 50) - No Brexit (after 2nd ref)
Ahead of key Brexit vote, many residents of U.K. manufacturing hubs closely linked to the bloc say they value their sovereignty above the economy. Post Brexit, U.K. should join USMCA. Quartet would become Beatles of trade. USMCUKA rolls off the tongue!
Maybe it means what it says Jobs First to go in Brexit count the jobs Brexit what happened to the jobs Brexit LOL UK are as broken as the USA because they both think the world need them more than they need the world One fine day it will dawn on them that its ALL reciprocal
What are your thoughts on Boles and others like him in parliament who are hellbent on scuppering any form of real Brexit? How do you propose to overcome them? If they remove "no deal" there'll be no Brexit. No deal is the only true Brexit on offer.
Acid House album and animation protesting #Brexit and its hateful anti-immigrant rhetoric by #StrongandStableMyArse #TB303
Following all #GeneralElectionNow
Hear hear. Anyone who wants to be this country's next prime minister had better start talking Britain up!
The Tory party only offered a Brexit vote to take popularity from UKIP and muck up the process so that we remain. This vote was like the difference between a drink or no drink, instead of being asked if we wanted tea or coffee.
Tulip Siddiq has been advised to have an immediate C-section but the Tories have proved themselves so untrustworthy that she has delayed this medically necessary operation in order to be physically present to vote in HoC. I sincerely hope she and her child will be ok.
Well spoken Julia
Grow up ffs why does the club even have a political position
This comedy sketch captures the idiocy of current UK ministers (especially on #Brexit).
Tory MP Edward Leigh: “It would be the end of the Conservative party if we delay Brexit, if we have a second referendum” #wato Leigh is now voting for the deal, after being made a privy councillor (this is ‘a coincidence’)
France hoping British politicians will approve Brexit deal Brexit
If you’re a Singer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the South East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this failure! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Definitely a Russian troll. 2 following, doesn't look like a suspicious account at all. Face it Vlad, the truth about Brexit is that the Referendum was hijacked, it's illegitimate &amp; Brexit is bad for Britain. Time to stop the lies &amp; #StopBrexit.
Well that’s a Tory frontbencher quit over the brexit deal. Let’s see what nonsense is reported about Salmond, Sturgeon and the SNP to help brush the real government meltdown under the rug. #anactualcivilwar
No, if it’s a choice between Crashing out of the EU with no deal and no #Brexit we need a #PeopelsVote to decide.
It wasn’t clear and as a remain campaigner you know we were lied to, manipulated by propaganda and nobody knew how #Brexit would work! We are safer and more more secure if we #Remain and #StopBrexit but you know that. You’re just scared of brexiteers.
I’m a remainer so my views are already clear but I’m genuinely interested. If there was a vote between Mays deal and remaining (no deal has effectively been ruled out) how would those of you who voted leave in 2016 vote this time? #brexit
4) We can &amp; should be thinking of what is actually best for our nation and citizens, now &amp; in the future. Those who will follow us, the future generations, will never forgive us for this travesty &amp; act of national self-harm if we don't halt this Brexit hubris! #stopbrexitnow
The thing is that is fine if you genuinely believe in the European dream. That's okay. I don't think that means you are wrong or bad. But then you can't say the "Brexit is far right" stuff and you shouldn't use that line.
What it does mean is you have no cofidence in the UK agreeing a new trade deal with our biggest and closest market the EU within 2years. Some hope then of quick post Brexit deals with the rest of the World!
Brexit ILLUSION: Second referendum to STOP Brexit'
Edward Leigh #wato supporting PM's deal shd be supported to prevent HoC gearing up for soft Brexit. But PM's deal doesn't prevent HoC insisting on soft Brexit during transition phase, and this is more likely outcome if PM's deal goes through as 2nd ref wd be dead. But whatever...
No because now we know what kind of brexit is on offer it's only fair to go back to the people to vote on it. It's still a democratic vote.
I’m sorry but this isn’t amazing it’s 2019 and women elected to parliament shouldn’t have to risk their own personal health to do their job. Tulip is still an absolute warrior but she shouldn’t have to do this
I really don't envy the people who need to negotiate Brexit for the EU side. On the one hand, you can be tempted to let Britain shoot itself in the foot if they want to- but on the other hand, for the sake of everyone, you should still remain pragmatic without rewarding stupidity
So, Theresa May delayed the vote in order to organise bribes? I'm shocked. I'm going to have to sit down.
BREAKING: Dartford MP Gareth Johnson has resigned from his position in the Government's Whips' Office saying the Prime Minister's #Brexit deal would be "detrimental to our nation's interests".
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it
Tell you what lads I'm not sure this vote is going to go well for the PM.
Criminal gangs? I voted and support Brexit but I'm not part of any criminal gang. The only thing criminal here is the likes of you and the rest of the remainers trying to overturn a democratic result
Why oh why. She’s not even telling the truth about the Welsh Assembly here.
EU letter promises temporary backstop but won't change Brexit deal I know! Why not believe them? FFS! #Brexit
Nah, a brexit party would have rushed just as quickly. The Tories were cheered on by most Brexit supporters when they triggered it. Everyone warning them to take it slowly was dismissed. What type did they promise? I never read the Tory one.
She refuses everything.
denying there's a problem with Labour's Brexit stance will only serve to prevent party policy shifting, which in turn will ensure that Labour supporters will not vote Labour, and consequently the tories will win the next election. do you want Labour to win the next GE or not?
So the letter from EU Commission/Council is out. As expected, very helpful language, but no change to already agreed text. How can there be? Brexiters voting against WA/PD are cynical: if you really want to leave, this is only way to do it. PD leaves wide range of options open.
#Brexit #poverty -- Compare this: 1 in 5 in #Britain threatens to live in poverty if #TheresaMay continues with her one-topic ruling. It is currently 1 in 15.
Brexit Minister unable to explain why ’emergency’ loophole was used to give £13.8m contract to ferry firm with no ferries Read more at:
I felt sorry for when she had the unenviable job of negotiating #brexit I look at her now and think what an absolute clown. The whole political farce should be looked into as nobody has a clue what the fuck they should be doing. #shambles.
Using unfunny cartoon of cynical business artist ADAMS (yours for 10-quid) to make a point on behalf of ex- #politician &amp; #remainer rag editor George O (not #MAINMAN #Orwell ) but the #miniman Desperation as we near either bitter #humiliation of #remain or the Freedom of #Brexit
Listen. You know and I know that a load of loaded liars sold the people of this country a great Brexit lie. You must not let this great country fail because of their swindelling. Save the U.K. Stop Brexit.
BREXIT BOX, GET YOUR BREXIT BOX £300 a BOX
Priti Patel just said possibly the most batshit thing I've heard on Brexit for, ooh, hours: "The government is in control." #bbcwato
Should it called a who's job goes first brexit. #nobrexit
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
All of this has been awful but if the tories and the rest of the leave lunatics fail to get brexit through due to nothing other than their own ineptitude, it might be worth it.
Bit like people with strong Brexit opinions eh Gazza??....#justsaying
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s €660tn derivatives market
Like Nigella's secret liquorice box, I've got one under my bed that contains all the good things about Brexit collected during the past 3 years. I opened it yesterday, only to find they've all evaporated. All that now remains is a little man threatening to "take to the streets."
Boris lied to millions of people over Brexit! Disgusting human being
The Tusk, Juncker letter isn’t the cavalry arriving. But it is a reminder of what a bad job May has done of selling this deal
This is literally Bull (sh%t) in a China shop.
We will see how it pans out - but his strategy for delivering Brexit is more unlikely than parliament giving us a PV on their deal.
Brexit is still a thing so it's shit. Every day is shit until brexit is cancelled #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit
Corbyn just as useless as the govt, then. Who would have guessed? My point remains. Brexit, on the terms that were offered in 2016 wasn’t deliverable. Leavers have never been able to agree on what it means so it was always hoing to be an almighty shit show.
#BBCnews just announced the Chief Whip has resigned because he does not think May;s deal is good for the country. Surely this is pivotal? #brexit
Me: Brexit is shitty Brexit: hold my beer
Betfair Exchange currently has 'No Brexit before 2022' at a 25% chance (varying between that and 30%). I wouldn't regard that as just a remote possibility. Leaving by the 29th March is down at a 20% chance - so even more unlikely!
The people were clear on Brexit but politicians have led us into a blind alley
I just unfollowed you traitor.
Who’s playing games? You were threatening the dangers of a no deal when you thought that would get you voted; now you’re threatening no Brexit as you think that might work better. There is nothing better for the country than a second referendum.
From 2016 but still very relevant.
You know this is obviously propaganda because well, uh, *extremely Stephen Fry voice* a wizard didn’t do it
Introducing "Eau Dr Confidence" by Dunning&amp;Kruger. As used by the official team brexit
Sums up Theresa May’s pathetic leadership.
Dear Given your repeated votes against ensuring your parents' rights in the UK are protected, I doubt this will bother you much. But just on the off chance you do actually care about anything good, please watch this and take note. Yours, a concerned constituent.
Maybe it's time to set up a Brexit mitigation fund in Ireland by accessing Apple's €15 billion now?
MPs are now standing proud in Parliament and claiming clearly that they want to stop #brexit. These people were democratically voted into power, they are supposed to defend democracy. Instead they are shamelessly trampling all over it. They underestimate the anger RISING.
Usual balance on the #Brexit #Broadcasting #Corporation - giving ultra-Brexshitter and new gong wearer Edward Leigh a speech slot, countered by ultra-Brexshitter Priti Patel given the airwaves unchallenged to broadcast more right-wing bullshit.
4) We can &amp; should be thinking of what is actually best for our nation and citizens, now &amp; in the future. Those who will follow us, the future generations, will never forgive us for this travesty &amp; act of national self-harm if we don't halt this Brexit hubris! #stopbrexitnow
'I'm not worried about Brexit, I'm worried about the aftermath' I'm guessing she voted leave....
Home building growth in the UK under threat from a no deal Brexit - PropertyWire #wto
This #Brexit deal would dash my dream of a global Britain. That's why I cannot vote for it. | via
In fairness remain MPs from the SNP voted to trigger article 50 too. No one had a plan we just bulldozed our way into it.
Exactly! "A nation 'bored of Brexit' risks sleepwalking into disaster".
The real-life version: an outline of some of the Brexit characters you really need to know about...
Got an awful vision re the #brexit meaningful vote. May will arrive back at Heathrow, waiving Tusk letter, shuffles to a mic on runway(to Dancing Queen)&amp;say‘I have in my hand a piece of paper...’ &amp; 200 Tory’s will say ‘ah a piece of paper....we are going to vote for May deal now’
What May didn't say via I'm guessing they don't want to get re-elected! #brexit #remoaners #wtobrexit #nodealnoproblem
#Breaking The Conservative MP for Dartford, Gareth Johnson, has resigned as a Government whip in order to oppose Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Just one of many #BrexitLies... Ask yourself, why do they need to lie to get this through? Because it's a Bad Deal in whatever version! #StopBrexitSaveBritain #revokeA50
You know things are looking bad when even the whips are resigning
Liam Fox: No-deal Brexit would be 'default policy' if MPs reject deal. DA; proponent of national suicide insists that national suicide will be wonderful (and nyet national suicide at all).
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s €660tn derivatives market
A bad deal is a bad deal whatever way you look at it! #Brexit
All people wanted from this was a simple free trade agreement. No ties to the EU. No baggage. That is Brexit. You haven’t delivered this and you know it.
Sammy Wilson get on his 650cc bike to say NO to backstop, and believes that while nationalists are now agitated over Brexit they will cool down when they see Brexit working out fine.
EU writes to UK providing assurances over Ireland Brexit backstop
FxWirePro: Tomorrow is Brexit vote; expect big volatility
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
The dinner lady sneaks out for a quick ciggie.
What a stupid headline. Could an angry wasp sting you? Could a tightrope walk be dangerous? Could our Prime Minster be lying to us about the impact of her half-baked deal? Could Corbyn care? BBC News - Brexit: Could leaving with no deal cause traffic jams?
They're not going to change anything whilst the UK politicians are ruling out a no deal brexit. They're all, that's UK politicians and EU , despicable. Politics has to change, they are out of control and at odds with the British people.
When you realise that we have an #EU puppet for #PM! has done nothing to protect #Britain and her people against the gangsters in #Brussels! #TheresaMay is truly Pathetic! #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit
Small update for you - Conservative MP Julian Sturdy who is listed as a 'For' on the (excellent) Guardian tracker has told The Yorkshire Post he is "currently minded to vote against the deal":
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
When it comes to Brexit, I'm really quite neutral, but I can't help but wonder if she has been part of a plan to sabotage the exit i.e to force a second referendum or just outright cancel the whole thing.
Neil Warnock loves Brexit?
Of course
UK: Conservative politician Gareth Johnson resigns over Brexit deal #UnitedKingdom #Brexit #Politics
If you want to wear a yellow hi-vis wear it against moslem child rape gangs this brexit crap has placed that problem into backs of peoples minds wear a yellow hi-vis today to stop the filth raping and murdering our children
Good man. Let's hope a few more find a backbone and do the same. #Brexit
This is a strange thing for them to highlight, as it's a bone of contention for a lot of #Brexit voters.
PV doesn't ignore them. It asks us all to confirm our view now we know that the Promised Brexit isn't available. Show some respect. Last time leave won votes by telling lies and cheating. Tell the truth stuck to the rules and then the PV result will be respected
If we could bottle all of the energy, time, passion and money spent on Brexit over the past three years and take it back with us, I wonder what problems we would be able to solve?
Have been told by at least 1 MP. That he is voting for the deal because he doesn’t feel Government has prepared for no deal Brexit., what a terrible reason for giving up our right to determine our country’s future and sovereignty
Conservative minister Liam Fox claims no-deal Brexit would not be 'national suicide'
I've been wondering what the hell you'd have to believe in order to vote for #TheresaMay's lousy deal. This article gives the answer. (You have to believe a terrible deal is better than either no deal or delay): #BrexitVote
A hard brexit would have been an option if GB didn’t waste the last 2 years. Now everybody is totally unprepared.
A 52/48 split is no basis for such a massive change which no one can even agree on what it means. How do you know that May's deal isn't Brexit? It's the most leave you're going to get without wondering why you can no longer buy bananas.
shared
Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit -
The Conservative MP for Dartford, Gareth Johnson, has resigned as a Government whip in order to oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal.
This article nearly killed me #brexit #journalism #graphics
Am I the only one feeling the Pro EU shite flowing from Sky? Over the last few days when cutting to the news we are getting a big black &amp; yellow 'BREXIT CRISIS' across the screen. Its these cunts along with May &amp; Co trying to make it a crisis.
The people who want out just want out. They don't care about the economic or social consequences of Brexit so a clip like this won't change their mind. Most would think the Empire was a great thing &amp; the UK is a superpower. Which anyone with an ounce of sense would know is false.
The importance of conveying forecast risk and the implications of different scenarios has been highlighted by the economic analysis of leaving the EU. Analysis and dissemination is tough!
Why is May still blathering in about how her deal being voted down will erode trust in politics? Trust in politics was mortally wounded with brexit in the first place. Allowing cheating to go unpunished has eroded trust. Allowing Russia to interfere unpunished has eroded trust
Sir Edward Lee on the assuring us that him being made a privvy councillor by Theresa May has nothing to do with him changing his mind about her brexit deal. I'm sure the slightest idea that it had wouldn't consider the merest possibility of crossing anyone's minds
no deal will destroy the UK #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy ia despot who just wants to have the last work even though her deal is 10 times worse than being in the EU #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
The vast majority of UK goods are traded under EU free trade agreements - not WTO rules. Brexit will risk disrupting those deals. Even a 5% wobble in our exports will cost £15bn of GDP. Child services were slashed to save just £1bn.
#FindTheBlackCappedAgentProvocateur and then we get #Brexit Sean Coley....what did he give you. #Tavistock Psyops getting sloppy. #Skripol......nice try! #JoCox #Drones #NWO did 911 so the trust has gone. The People see all. Macron is being brought down by Le Peuple
Read more here
That so many Brexiters have little understanding of how their cherished parliament and constitution work never ceases to amaze me.
Theresa May is again pushing lies. Her “deal” is not a deal and it is not Brexit. Further, unless it is rejected, uncertainty will continue indefinitely. Reject her “deal” and have a clean WTO Brexit at the end of March.
UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote #Brexit
Brits who rent ‘are £1,800 better off since Brexit’ thanks to slump in housing costs
More "plastic patriotism' from a Brexiteer.. If he was truly being loyal to his county, he'd fight tooth and nail to stop #Brexit.
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Government in a statement on Facebook saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government"
Dealing with one issue in isolation from all the rest is a bigger problem- as Brexit is proving.
The Conservative MP for Dartford, Gareth Johnson, has resigned as a Government whip in order to oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal.
Who is funding you and what do they stand to gain from a disruptive hard Brexit I challenge your impartiality, backing and motives.
Oliver Letwin is completely wrong to be planning to revoke Article 50. He should keep the promise he made to his constituents in Feburary 2016: that the referendum decision "will be respected and immediately implemented".
It begins...
No Deal Brexiteer MPs are risking No Brexit by voting down Mays deal. There is a majority in the house for a second referendum which can lead to revoking Article 50 altogether.
The man just looks like Brexit
As someone who has lived in the U.K. for a few years now, there’s no question that Brexit has had an impact on my general well-being, just as it will have an impact on my day to day life. I don’t know if I’ll be able to call this country my home in a year’s time.
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Try to pay attention. The vote was 2 years ago.!Things have moved on and left you trailing in their wake! People have changed their minds now they see what a dreadful mess you made of Brexit negotiations. Do try to keep up! #Peoplesvote
You're right. A lot of people who have for many years paid taxes under the planned institution's jurisdiction were prevented from voting in the Brexit referendum. If you're trying to say "ah, but THAT vote wasn't EXACTLY the same as THIS one", well, duh...
Investors Expect the Brexit Vote #Forex #FX #Macro # Commodities #Trading #Investing #Stocks #Bonds
It honestly makes me laugh how people still can’t accept a democratic vote. The UK voted to leave whether you like it or not.
BREAKING: Juncker and Tusk send May eleventh hour letter ahead of crunch Brexit deal vote
via Brexit CONSPIRACY: Boris Johnson warns the DEEP STATE'S great conspiracy will BACKFIRE #UK_News
NO BREXIT CONFIRMS THAT WE DON'T LIVE IN A DEMOCRACY. I SENSE TROUBLE AHEAD FOR ANY GOVERNMENT.
Bad enough in the pubs; I don't need it though my letterbox as well. Tim, please stick to what you do best - selling cheap beer to people like me - and leave your seemingly drunken Brexit ramblings to a dark corner of the bar where you can be the pub bore #Wetherspoons #Brexit
But Labour also have their lowest popularity since (anorak) Michael Foot was in charge. Is it possible we could see a number of small parties picking up votes?
Letter from the Presidents of the EU Council and to Prime Minister Theresa #Brexit
'Theresa May is on the way to Parliament to deliver an update speech on Brexit'. #BrexitChaos
#Brexit ~ EUROZONE CRISIS: Germany leading euro into RECESSION – decline to CRIPPLE Italy and France
Feeling determined
I hope her going I am really sick of her now
Big Neil Warnock didn't want a referendum but now that we had one... 'Brexit means Brexit', although he was born in Sheffield he has the traits of someone who lives in Mansfield, Dagenham or Luton. A UKIP BNP EDL type manager
I've had to start using Sky News - fucking SKY - because the BBC's coverage of Brexit still amounts to "oh. it'll all be ok"
A fiscal coma is better than fiscal suicide? #Brexit
France hoping British politicians will approve Brexit deal
Of course they are not ahead. Everything Jeremy the Coward does is carefully designed to ignore his membership and plough ahead with brexit because he knows better. This is reverse wisdom politics where every single indicator is ignored on the altar of ideology.
In comparing Brexit to Welsh devolution, Theresa May was wrong on two counts
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
Just resign love it’s much to late, the cat is now truly out of your bag,
I don't waste my time keeping records. Nor do I care if you or anyone else want to remain ignorant. That's your right. Ignorance is always the best friend of exploiters . The Brexit disaster shows this.
A Conservative with integrity finally!
May suffers fresh Brexit blow as government whip QUITS to vote against her deal
Amazing school resource from History in the making: #Brexit, a new Cromwell, Rebels &amp; Roundheads in 2019. Sharing with staff &amp; students today!
This MP is delaying her caesarean section for Brexit ... here's why via
Yeah this guy is right, i mean who cares about theirs or their kids future or the prosperity of the country they live in. What a load of shit, spot on wee man fucking spot on...
The main difference is that in 1997 the logistics of how, when, where etc were all sorted out before the referendum. So the vote was held on the exact terms of the proposal. 2 years after Brexit ref and we still have no idea what the Tories actually want.
We should go flat out for a No Deal,and every single Member of Parliament should be made to work together as a Team to ensure we get the smoothest transition. If they can’t or won’t they should be sacked.Democracy is far bigger than egos
PM who delays democratic vote for 6 weeks in attempt to manipulate the verdict she wants, and would quite possibly table in another vote if this 1st vote fails to deliver said verdict says it's undemocratic to have another vote because the verdict was clear. #TheresaMay #brexit
By ‘hardline’ you mean those who want to abide by the result and actually Leave? Thought so. MPs were elected in manifestos to deliver Brexit. All of you are failing woefully. It’s May’s Deal or No Deal. The latter is preferable
Preventing a referendum on the Brexit terms would be the most undemocratic thing seen in Britain for a long time ....
No deal #Brexit could leave us up a certain creek without, you know, the necessaries...
why is all your Meat based Sandwhich made with meats from the #EU ? You are a #British company start supporting your country and use #UK meats Hopefully #Brexit will put a stop to this nonsense.
Honesty and Liam Fox don’t work in the same sentence! He would call it pragmatism but I would call it a lie!
A departing present to for his help in scuppering #Brexit?
Good riddance you Tory cunt.
I hear Boris Johnson is hoping for a happy ending with the Canadian model. Not sure if this has anything to do with Brexit.
Misery of losing it all because of Brexit?
Get ready for hours of infamy. Vote is tomorrow. And then what?
Yes it will. It will rid us of the Tories who have caused the damage leading to the country voting for it. The majority voted for Brexit &amp;that can’t be ignored. Remainers who are scared can’t be ignored either. Labour gov with gd policies &amp; with soft Brexit approach can heal us.
Conservative Party whip Johnson resigns ahead of tomorrow's crucial Brexit deal vote #Brexit #BrexitVote
UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote: via
Lol so by going for a hard Brexit the “Bill of rights” will be repealed and that will have a positive effect on your life, just about sums up the Unrealistic utopia being peddled by Hard Brexit supporters
Look at that vote split. And this from a largely pro-Remain Sky News cohort. All the arguing, all the project fear, all the hot air in Parliament and there's still not a majority for staying in the EU...
traitor alert is on #wato spouting her usual BS about #brexit btw she was sacked because she was committing treason with the Israeli government..a true patriot (for Israel) true fact Google it
Tory whip Gareth Johnson has resigned over Prime Minister's #Brexit deal... will this be the only resignation?
RESIGN NOW...…...SCAB!
EU attempts to give Brexit reassurances ahead of a crunch vote
Today I’ve learnt the following: 1) the general public aren’t keen to discuss Brexit. 2) the general public are especially not keen to discuss Brexit in the rain.
Thinking I will stop brexit, have a people's vote or actually get and win an election...
Where there is no protection of LAW drastic measures are required: BREXIT - GETTING RID OF A USELESS NEGLIGENT QUEEN:
Gareth Johnson's resigned as a government whip. He's a Brexiteer &amp; in a statement on Facebook says he can't vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal.
Young vote draining away because of Brexit and a zero charm offensive towards swing voters. They’re stuffed.
They’ll regret it far more when they realised that 17.4 million people won’t forgive them if they fail to deliver on Brexit! Keep the faith we’re all behind you!
Brexit: What could the crucial week ahead bring?
These people must be removed from Government
Maybe she doesn't want to submit a request to delay the Brexit. I guess she could, at least that's what this article implies.
Corbyn masterclass for dummies. "If I had to choose between an election or a second referendum, I think that ultimately it would have to be for the option that could transform Britain – rather than the one under which things would remain just the same."
This sort of headline is v impt IMO *MAY: RISK OF BREXIT BEING THWARTED NOW GREATER THAN NO-DEAL
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s €660tn derivatives market
Drop the "elitist, overeducated and highly wealthy" line, it's very silly given the key brexit figures. Even Richard Plunkett-Ernle-Erle-Drax (Harrow, Guards) puts on this charade and whines about elites. I'm sure people will mind, but they're unlikely to stop voting.
Well if I must do your research for you...
Did you hear Boris Johnson warning that the public would blame a sabotaged Brexit on the "Deep State"? Feel like that fits in quite nicely with the article.
Dave covered it. But I'd add that if we're to make decisions based on empirical evidence, we'll trigger article 50 and stop brexit before trying to get Labour into government
When we finally do leave the EU, I do hope the government in charge will launch a full independent inquiry into the (im)partiality of surrounding their #Brexit coverage.
Oh well... and so it starts with my local MP..
Tory MPs the world over are fucking evil, nasty pricks!
May Warns Parliament Will Stop Brexit If Her Deal Is Voted Down.
If Boris Johnson knows more about car manufacturing than Ralf Speth, then I know more about how Brexit works than Boris Johnson. Hang on, that's not difficult.
Traitors and puppets of the New World Order, we are actually fighting for our survival as a country now, not just about the EU
Brexit: DUP says Tusk/Juncker letter has heightened its concerns about backstop – Politics live
hard brexiteer MPs are the reason why brexit will fail
#Brexit ILLUSION: Second referendum is 'Remoaner PLOT to STOP Brexit'
Party leader with no mandate blah blah blah...
Lovely scenes outside HoP earlier when the "Honk to Stop Brexit" and "Honk For Brexit" camps were unknowingly standing next to each other and cheering anytime someone honked
How can TM say there’ll be no brexit if mp’s don’t back her .... who the hell does she think she is .....? scare tactics from start to finish .. now desperation ... the law by default is leave without deal
So I guess Gareth Johnson ia following Dominic Raab by displaying the same Vim &amp; Vigour by Vanishing from his #brexit responsibilities as soon as the tough got going #gtto #toriesout #peoplesvote #stopbrexit
NEWS: The EU should kill off the UK's chance of delaying Brexit (FT)($)
If you believe in the "bad publicity is better than none" mantra, it's a pretty clever marketing stunt. Bound to draw a lot of attention. Have to give them that. Also, there's always people trying to benefit from other people's misery. Brexit is a prime example. It'll get worse!
That's unfair. The film wasn't that bad.
Terry’s plea: Please like my #Brexit. #TheresaMay #UK #EU #BrexitVote #TMtmDailyBuzz
I'm a trade professional following the Brexit debate. I'm two Spectator articles away from piping the stuff to come out of my taps.
probably. receives zero funding; it's run by Labour members who acknowledge that their party is doomed to failure unless they change their Brexit stance. denying there's a problem does nothing to help Labour win the next election.
ROSS CLARK: Alternatives to May’s Brexit deal will all end in disaster
Mark Francois MP lays out the upcoming con over Theresa May's #Brexit De... via
What a bloody mess!!By design? Could well be.Muddy the waters.Create confusion.Create fear.Keep that money cow in the corrupt ANY MEANS
Headmaster quits after making controversial Brexit comments to pupils
Yep, you're right risk-Off today. $USOil, $USDJPY, and $EURUSD all weak this morning. Risk-Off everywhere. $Brexit vote tomorrow.
The only model that anybody has provided so far of a Brexit that might be better than Remain is Corbyn’s: full participation in SM and CU but with freedom to enact a more interventionist industrial policy. The big problem with that model is that it is cakeist and unavailable.
To which the universal shout-out is: “No shit, Sherlock.”
A general election is the only option Kevin. An absolutely disgraceful decision #labour
Absolute blatant lie being pushed by the state broadcaster. #Devo1979
Good man #GarethJohnson! #Brexit
There’s something deeply &amp; satisfyingly ironic that the #brexiteer MP’s who wanted more power for the UK Parliament are very upset about the UK Parliament using more power #brexit #bbcwato #wato
Please explain how you can break campaign finance laws democratically.
'Parliamentary democracy' only applies if it is based on representation of manifestos upon which MPs were elected; you have no democratic mandate. You're only an MP fraudulently/under false pretences, hence it is illegitimate for MPs, such as yourself, to attempt to shape Brexit.
#idiots! ‘Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Panic Brexit stock piling.
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
Brian Taylor just been on with John Beattie talking about acrimony between FM and Alex Salmond, saying there is a divide. Brexit has been pushed aside to fan the flames of acrimony and civil war.
(NewsOK) The Latest: #EU sends #UK warm words but no new Brexit offer : LONDON (AP) — The Latest on Brexit (all times local): 11:20 a.m. The British government has published a letter from European Union leaders that it hopes will ..
Adding loo roll to apocalypse cupboard
(Thestate) The Latest: #EU sends #UK warm words but no new Brexit offer : The Latest on Brexit (all times local): 11:20 a.m. The British government has published a letter from European Union leaders that it hopes will ease U.K. lawmakers' worries ..
The Tories Didn't Respect The Result 1) They Voted Against The Welsh Assembly including Theresa May 2) And Demanded A 2nd Referendum Plus the Tories Denied 1979 Scottish Assembly after Losing
This is just the beginning, says Grieve via It is undemocratic to hold another vote because they don't agree with the result of the last one! #brexit #moggmentum #wtobrexit #remoaners #nodealnoproblem
(The Scotsman):#Brexit: #Theresa May accused of 'hypocrisy' over devolution votes : Theresa May has been accused of "utter hypocrisy" and was forced to change a line in her final speech ahead of Tuesday’s vote on her Brexit deal ..
More People who seek a common sense,broad church party,that's neither left or right,are joining Our Nation. Be a part of our nation's future, join us today. #Brexit #Britain #LeaveMeansLeave #UK #NoDeal #Politics #WithdrawalBill
(Daily Herald) 10 #Things to Know for #Today : Among 10 Things to Know: Partial government shutdown enters day 24; Divers recover cockpit voice recorder of Lion Air jet that crashed in Java Sea; British prime minster seeks support for Brexit deal; ..
A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
Where there is no protection of LAW drastic measures are required: BREXIT - GETTING RID OF A USELESS NEGLIGENT QUEEN:
LIVE: Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote
EU offers #Brexit reassurances - including on Northern Ireland backstop - but no changes to withdrawal agreement or offers to negotiate, ahead of UK parliament vote tomorrow.
Heath Robinson's razor: The (il)logical razor used by Brexiteers, usually to explain away side effects of Brexit by blaming on the liberal elite. Example. Ford are being payed by the EU / Liberal Elites to make job cuts in the UK.
So on the radio we've just had Edward Leigh saying he fears democratic due process be able to happen, and in one breath saying we have to take what the PM says as gospel, and in the next we have to completely ignore it. That's #Brexit all over for you
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension Thinking of the amount of u-turns this government has done this sounds like a given #brexit
This is the closest someone has come to articulating how I feel about brexit
U.S. Earnings Season And Brexit To Dominate #money #business #finance
Brexit has officially peaked with Neil Warnock's quote.
Pentagram promotes civil disobedience with “Acid Brexit” #startup
(Financial Post):The Latest: #EU sends #UK warm words but no new Brexit offer : LONDON — The Latest on Brexit (all times local): 11:20 a.m. The British government has published a letter from European Union leaders that it hopes ..
Very financially secure, 70 yr old man says Brexit is a good idea.....no surprise there. Stupid comment imo but to expected from a renowned !!
Jeez!!!
It would be challenging - any electoral coalition (even internal polarity coalitions...) is - but the way you unlock anything is to provide leadership, making the arguments you think are right, to persuade people that your argument and strategy is the right one for them.
this is why Brexit is viewed with disdain by so many of the UK electorate. Clueless twats spouting shit on things they know fucking bollocks-all about
So...he gets privvy sight of secret documents like Corbyn. He should of been unwavering in supporting Brexit. From now on his opinion will mean nothing to British people on all sides. Heading for the Lords maybe. They need to build an extension too it.
Third Brexit supporting Tory MP in a row. How is this balance? Any non Tory voices today? #wato #bbcwato #bbcnews
I would not condone any attacks or extremism of any kind. I could mention the murder of an MP, death threats to MP's, the massive rise in hate crime since the Brexit vote but its pointless. Hate breeds hate, the UK is going backwards, way way backwards, right down to league 2.
This by is worth reading on the dysfunctional operation inside the whips office and how Tory party discipline has collapsed under May.
Unfortunately this will in no way affect a legal International Treaty, so really it is just window dressing.
This was the pro-remain prime minister trying to scare the electorate into voting remain........we still voted leave, so time to leave with a clean brexit, no deal, once we have left the europeans will soon want to negotiate a trade deal if not we can still trade with them
What would we possibly do with no Brexit? I wonderrrr.
NO BREXIT ONLY CONFIRMS THAT WE DO NOT LIVE IN A DEMOCRACY. I FEEL THERE WILL BE TROUBLE AHEAD FOR THIS COUNTRY.
Labour &amp; Conservatives stood on manifestos to deliver Brexit. "Brexit means Brexit", "No deal better than bad deal" NOT elected to determine &amp; define your version of Brexit You are a liar &amp; undemocratic
Another self serving pig,wouldnt trust him to make a cup of tea ,the games up fella
Kind of defeats the purpose of a whip I guess
So May's deal isn't Brexity enough for him even though the greater the Brexit, the more damage to the Union; but he's bothered about the backstop arrangement *because he thinks it will damage the Union*. What on earth do we do about people that stupid getting elected?
You can always rely on the Express.... Final EU madness: If Brexit is delayed Brits will vote for an EU government in MAY!
Immigrants!
They’ll regret it far more when they realise that 17.4 million people won’t forgive them if they fail to deliver on Brexit! Keep the faith we’re all behind you! #LeaveMeansLeave
"To Hell with the rest of the world!" Neil Warnock writes the Brexit slogan for the next bus
Foreign buyers snap up one in seven Spanish homes: Brits still lead the field, despite Brexit ONE in seven homes in Spain that change hands are bought by foreigners, according to the most recent annual...
#Business Pentagram promotes civil disobedience with Acid Brexit #fastcompany
This is the only right thing you have said about Brexit, what about a no deal Brexit?
None of this stream of incoherent self-contradictory nonsense challenged by any of the #BBC 'journalists' #bbcwato
Tory Whip quits in protest to May's #Brexit deal. You know you're fucked when members of the team in charge of making sure your party vote your way would rather resign than enforce it. #UnfitToGovern #NoPVYesGE #GTTO
Gareth Johnson has quit as a whip for the Government in protest of the Irish backstop solution. He said deal does not take back control #Brexit
Totally agree...and it is all for protecting personal interests! They are not fit for purpose, and if nothing else, Brexit has shown us ALL just how corrupt these MPs are! MAY being the worse!
Sordid, tacky, grubby little man is .
But she's got the home crowd behind her. Brexit heartland
'Parliamentary democracy' only applies if it is based on representation of manifestos upon which MPs were elected; you have no democratic mandate. You're only an MP fraudulently/under false pretences, hence it is illegitimate for MPs, such as yourself, to attempt to shape Brexit.
Ode to BREXIT: a message for messrs Bercow &amp; Grieve, the Great British Public voted to leave, now your conniving treachery is to end the very democracy on which we depend. Millions will find it very absurd, that Brexit is killed by a toff &amp; a turd.
Totally inappropriate and well done you for exposing it. Reassuring having you standing up for brexit
The latest System-Fuchs Daily! Thanks to #brexit #afd
Labour's political calculations: explaining the party’s muddled policy on Brexit via
Mattress based politics on the nursery run this morning #brexit #brighton
No-one arguing for the no Brexit position on #bbcwato, which is however what the majority of the country wants now! #bbcbias #PeoplesVote
The exact face you see in your head when you think of a Brexit Leave voter
We get a dissolved Parliament and the Sh-t really hits the fan.
Theresa May's Brexit deal unlikely to pass, says Liam Fox
Theresa May mocked for delivering Brexit speech in front of 'a load of mugs'
What - a third cheerleader Brexit in a row - good grief that's some kind of propaganda #wato
Theresa May's speech on Brexit from Stoke
I wouldn't if I were you. But, true to form, as a Brexiter, you feel it acceptable to dictate and control how people should behave. Do you wear a yellow vest like Tommy? #PeoplesVote #FBPE #Brexit #RevokeArticle50
The only thing the people want is a #peoplesvote and then a #stopbrexit! But you don't seem to be listening. The Brexit vote campaign was so full of lies, misinformation and manipulation that the British people deserve an opportunity to vote again.
Or because Brexit is such a shit idea that it’s proved impossible to implement?
If trust in politicians is harmed, blame the Brexiter politicians who lied through the referendum campaign and beyond, not the cancellation of Brexit. #RevokeA50
If stops #brexit then we have no right to call our nation a "democracy"
So far on #wato we’ve heard from 2 Brexiteers and now a minister for Brexit. Are there any other voices in the country?
With all the recent talk of Brexit, many people have concerns about how it will affect them in the workplace. In my latest blog post, I've explored what happens to employers rights with a "no deal" Brexit #Blog
More than we are going to, I'd hazard.
A ‘No Deal’ #Brexit could see delays for imports to the UK. See what this could mean for tissue products, such as loo rolls #paper #justintime
Economist's view: #wages, #hiring challenges and #Brexit - three things to look out for in 2019
It's really bright in the sunlit uplands post-Brexit. Of Cyprus at least.
France hoping British politicians will approve Brexit deal
Unbelievable that female MPs are having to do this in the 'mother of all parliaments' in 2019.
BREXIT Escape Room, die Dame?
But she knows dam well, that we are not going to get any Legal Force, so May's deal will fall, &amp; Parliament have destroyed No Deal Option, so Brexit is finished isn't it Gisela, or am I missing something. Please tell us, because 17M voters are despondent right now. !!
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Government in a statement on Facebook saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government" (SKY)
Apt given its utter shite.
I'd rather brexit was reversed now than go through 10 years on rancorous negotiations to end up in a Norway plus type arrangement. May's deal means we stay in a customs union or create economic barriers between GB and NI or they won't let us leave the backstop.
Brexit can still be blocked, PM May warns rebels as key vote looms
Brexit can still be blocked, PM May warns rebels as key vote looms
The reason I can trade words with you so easily here is a common language. The single market is the same - a common language of rules that makes trade dead easy. Brexit is a man made Tower of Babel - and the claim we will understand each other better afterwards.
Theresa May mocked for delivering Brexit speech in front of 'a load of mugs': Theresa May has been mocked for delivering her latest Brexit speech in front of a background full of mugs.
Breaking News - has requested 's help to save Brexit deal. #Brexit #NoDeal #NoBrexit #DaveSaves #BREAKING
via UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote
Proves the level of #Brexit “thinking”... or general level?
It’s a great metaphor for the British way of doing many things. Why do what’s sensible and will get a good result when one can simply bodge it! Great analogy to Brexit amongst other things!
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote: Tory whip Gareth Johnson has quit the government ahead of this week's meaningful vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal.
What's right is no Brexit. Vote has been tarnished with all the allegations, needs Mueller style investigation.
Notice how the people I can hear that surround me are talking of #brexit yet the people that aren’t really talking about Brexit are the ones FOR the move - including me #justdoit
If MPs will to show political disobedience in stopping Brexit then civil disobedience will naturally follow and we Yellow Vests will lead the way! Any betrayal on the 29th will be met with immediate restorative justice. #wato
On behalf of the 17.4m Ms Mcvey thank you for standing up to the media this morning MAGNIFICENTLY for the Brexit we voted for, you have shown outstanding support all along, and you have leadership candidate written all over you! You will have my vote!
Personally I think most MP's are self serving, they will vote the way that benefits themselves. If that does happen, we should make sure that they're deselected as soon as possible!
UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote
BREAKING: Juncker and Tusk send May eleventh hour letter ahead of crunch Brexit deal vote
Brexit taking centre stage this week - full interview here
Sure, in the Spinner dictionary a "Jobs First Brexit" is a fatuous, patronising and dishonest remark conceived by UK Labour party with the full understanding any form of brexit means less jobs.
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved
may is threatening a no brexit if she can not get her way
My gut instinct says she will back not deliver Brexit on 29Mar.
The only catastrophe is her premiership
I couldn't give a fuck what pro EU cunts think.
Brexiteer MPs bemoaning the fact that there is a real fear that parliament might take back control and stop Brexit is astounding. No hint of irony. But worse, not one challenge from TV and radio journalists.
If people are afraid of change they always go with the status quo: that is why the #Brexit vote was so close! It should have been a #Leave landslide! If we'd had proper leadership in this country this brexit issue would not exist because we would not have ceded so much control.
Sounds like he needs a bit of Jordan Peterson in his life.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns from government because he's opposed to May's Brexit deal
Some interesting stuff.. but no way out really. #brexit #news #uk
I'm sure people struggling to get life-sustaining medicines or even basic food in the event of a No Deal Brexit will take succour from Jeremy Corbyn sticking to an absolutist interpretation of a conference motion, rather than taking a leading role in preventing such a disaster.
Can anyone guess the brexit politics of a Roy from Eastbourne? Leave on WTO and it will be fine you say? How did you know..... #lbc #gammon
The Bear's Lair: Getting to Brexit in a naughty world
The appointed Government has tried for 2 years to provide a deal acceptable to the elected MPs in Parliament. They have failed. Time has come to ask the people to choose between the Deal or Remain.
The man is an idiot
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Government in a statement on Facebook saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government"
Four things to know this week: A big Brexit week, and the world's biggest gathering
UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal as Brexit in peril | Article [AMP] | Reuters
TRANLATES "WE" will cause BOTH?
Theresa May says no Brexit more likely than no deal
While the #UK government "bleats on about taking back control" with #Brexit, there are "10,000 properties in the borough of Westminister alone owned by anonymous companies." on how the property market helps #organisedcrime via
People werent aware of the facts when they voted. Now we all know exactly what Brexit entails. Don't get how that is so hard to understand. 3 people in my family voted leave, each one of them regret it. For example
EU preparing to delay Brexit until at least July
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit #stopbrexit
But then, this position probably has better spokespeople than Owen Jones, who isn't exactly known for avoiding selling out your principles to give yourself a career leg-up. He spun his position on Corbyn and Brexit so fast it made heads spin, regardless of its impact on the poor
Even when 'our own terms' means severe economic disruption? that's what Brexit-leaning government ministers say). Our democracy is based on electing people to parliament to make decisions on our behalf - not to do what 'the people' tells them to do.
Mais uma demissão “Brexit” no Reino Unido: "I have today resigned as a Minister in the Whips' Office. Below is a copy of my letter to the Prime Minister".
This is an EXTREMELY important contribution from : Labour shouldn't campaign on a Leave position.
Agree Pete she should resign and let someone who believes in Brexit take over
Another traitor !
Catholic church urges EU citizens to apply to #Brexit settlement scheme
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
Jac o' the North has done much to expose the scandal that is wind farms in Wales but there are a lot of people out there who don't want to listen.
No brexit is the most to fear -
Hey Lion King! What kind of Brexit would you like?
Labour Brexit splits deepen as MP comes out to back May's Brexit deal
The Brexit debate is now like two televisions facing each, one broadcasting Remain propaganda and one Leave, but with no one else watching or paying attention. It’s time to move on and endless this paralysing and fractious debate. #GoWTO #CleanBreak
No Brexit at all. This thread ahows the strengthof opinion on the street. Please listen. And act. #TellThemTheTruth #RevokeArticle50
Includes: inflatable nuclear bunker..grow your own farmyard...dig your own well kit..and Anna Soubrey and Own Jones dolls with a set of pins...BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Yellow Vests here too - either ignored or labelled 'far right'.
NHS unprepared for no-deal Brexit, leaked letter warns
Such rubbish. If you voted Leave once you can vote Leave again. If you get your way and carry on with your stupid rhetoric, threatening violence, don’t be surprised if you end up first receiver. Be careful what you wish for. Silly boy.
She really is a stupid person
Rather a jaded view. I myself.....as a leaver believe there wont be a brexit. The political fallout though will be very interesting.
Shameful! #Brexit
BREAKING: Tory whip quits government ahead of Brexit vote
Despise in our politicians at the moment, you speak for yourself and not for the nation. Remember Dominic Greaves that the torries won 2 elections on Brexit, firstly by promising a referendum and secondly to deliver Brexit, so you jumped up road bloody deliver it on the 29th!!
Trump is the most protectionist US president in living memory. Historic friendships with the US are no defence. Canadians were designated a national security threat by the US so that Trump could impose steel tariffs on Canada. #Brexit via
COUGH! 1979 Scottish Assembly Devolution! COUGH!
BBC News - Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
By leaving? Why not stay and vote against it twonk?!
Times: a cross-party group of MPs will publish a draft bill that, if passed, would give PM &amp; parliament 6 weeks to reach a consensus. If no, the bill would instruct PM to request an Art 50 extension. If EU refused, PM would withdraw Article 50 unilaterally
That's one option. Or you could work constructively to find a Brexit acceptable to the majority as you effectively said when voting for the referendum in 2015 and then when you stood as a Conservative candidate in 2017
The shutdown also suits Russia. Just when Europe is at its weakest due to Brexit, the US is also at its weakest. Prepare for Russia to mount an invasion in Ukraine.
The wheels are coming off nice and early then....
Now we know that it was not a democratic referendum with deliberate lies, stolen data and illegal funding. There is a reason why some right-wingers are desperate to push Brexit through as quickly as possible. The searchlights are starting to light them up.
#BeBrexitReady To aid our members, the CLA has published a series of monthly articles entitled 'Brexit: Preparing for change'. Tackling a different subject each month, we will help you to plan the future of your business with confidence. Click here to read
disgraceful ,if her deal goes through you get Tory Brexit and more austerity ,shame on a Labour MP doing this.
“The parliamentary coup is a desperate stagger through a quagmire. It further excuses MPs from confronting reality and sustains their mendacity.” Jenkins article pulls no punches!
BREAKING: The Conservative MP for Dartford, Gareth Johnson, has resigned as a Government whip in order to oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal. #HeartNews
May-Brexit deal is so F-ing bad, many pro brexit supporters would vote remain if the choice was between May-Brexit and remain
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU #News #Bibleprophecy #Truth #Knowledge #Wisdom #Economist #Endtimes #Revelation
The 1st Scottish devolution referendum was even worse. Yes by exact same margin as Brexit. Tories at WM refused to implement. 20 years later, Blair refused to implement &amp; made us vote again. Fortunately this time his hopes of No win were massively rejected.
Juncker &amp; Tusk Send May Eleventh Hour Letter Ahead Of Brexit Deal Vote They can stick their letter up their arse we still don’t want May’s shit deal
I think Michelle will not be found wanting once the present political freeze starts to thaw. Unfortunately, Brexit will be a main stumbling block as there seems to very little common ground in their thinking. How did Arlene ever sign the agreed position of the OFMDFM previously?
Still waiting for the Emergency Budget, mass unemployment and Economic Collapse that was predicted immediately after a Leave vote &amp; before Brexit. Canada can survive without surrendering sovereignty to the USA. New Zealand can survive without surrendering sovereignty to Australia
Hi, I'm from BBC World Service radio. Wanted to see if you might be available tomorrow for Brexit coverage - can you please DM me? Thank you
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Government in a statement on Facebook saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government"
This 36 liaison committee comprised of ? Remoaners or pro Brexit MPs. 18 - 18 ? Its very roulette wheel.. it needs a zero. #Brexit
Because she cannot trust the Government/Tory party to honest pairing arrangements, how sad is that!
Erm, correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't a devolved assembly voted for by small majority of the Scottish electorate in the late 70s/early 80s vetoed by Westminster? Proof once again that Westminster is ridiculously out of touch with Scotland. #rewritinghistory #awkward #brexit
Where there is no protection of LAW drastic measures are required: BREXIT - GETTING RID OF A USELESS NEGLIGENT QUEEN:
All boxes come with contact number for a Psychiatrist and they also sell stink bombs, itching powder, masks and a wide range of fancy dress costumes #TheEndOfTheCountryIsNigh #Brexit
NO | #Stigmabase — SNP 'will help block Brexit' for new independence vote - For the SNP to take their rightful…
NO | #Stigmabase — Recession is likely outcome of this Brexit purgatory - ALL SIGNALS are pointing to recession in…
NO | #Stigmabase — Richard Leonard refuses to confirm whether Labour is for or against Brexit - “It would be…
Not even slightly most it was 32% of the population
Theresa May's new Brexit claim backfires spectacularly as she's accused of lying
NO | #Stigmabase — Scots Tory rounds on hardliners as Brexit crunch vote looms - A Scots Tory MP yesterday urged…
NO | #Stigmabase — Warning Brexit could lead to more pub closures in Scotland - Paul Waterson, spokesman for the…
NO | #Stigmabase — Brexit far worse than remaining part of EU, warns Lord Hattersley - Brexit far worse than…
Ha! You think there will be a year 2137 mankind?
NO | #Stigmabase — Factor Scotland's future into your Brexit vote decision - Scottish Government has issued a…
Cornyn needs to decide a Brexit position and stick to it. Too much fence sitting means that the public don't know what Labour's position is. Oh, and the splinters in his ar#e must be getting uncomfortable by now......
The #nastyparty focusing on making poor people poorer and reducing young people’s options.
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k"
#Dartford’s Gareth Johnson has resigned as a government whip to vote against the #Brexit deal
How dare these scum bags promote this tweet to my time line.
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
The DUP/Brexiteers don't want the backstop. Most MPs don't want no deal. Maybe its time to rescind A50 &amp; workout what our future relationships will be. This way, we don't need the backstop, we avoid no deal, we have a say in trade deals &amp; we are still at the top table. #Brexit
Brexit was built on #LeaveMeansLies, the lying will continue because people like Esther McVey long ago gave up on truth and have become career liars and are not fit to serve in public office. The will be on the wrong side of history..#StopBrexitSaveBritain..
The latest John Josef, the Journal! #afp #brexit
yay no deal brexit well done misses
The latest John Josef, the Journal! #afp #brexit
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays giving birth so she can vote on Brexit deal
We were also told that May would increase the Tory majority in the snap GE in 2017 - instead of which they needed to sup with the DUP for a wafer thin majority. Of course the Brexiteers don't want their claims tested in the real world
If #TheresaMay loses the #Brexit vote in #parliament tomorrow, what do you want to happen? #UK #EU #remain #leave #politics #PM
I am quite sorry to read such outright lies from an otherwise much esteemed MP. Brexit on WTO terms on the 29th of March is atm the default option, it will happen if no deal is reached, anything else is just limitations and delays of its true meaning.
Worth watching !
do you want to continue running amok until the UK falls apart completely ?
If Labour lose, it will teach them a lesson (&amp; Tories will have to 'own' Brexit) - If Labour win on a pro-Brexit manifesto, they will learn nothing.
Pentagram promotes civil disobedience with “Acid Brexit”
To make this announcement and ignore particulate matter coming from #Germany #Merkel #EU from mining and burning Lignite is defending #government #Brexit deal. #Nodeal at least would allow #UK make representations to #UN #ParisAgreement for a #German end date
Well done sir, your actions are both honourable and the right thing to do!
Theresa May made some bige lies in her Brexit speech today!
I don't know what's more worrying, the fact so many people will happily go hungry because they think Brexit will solve their problems, or the fact the local press is clearly supporting their views.
I take a different view. I blame the mendacious Remain MPs who have acted dishonourably on reneging on assurances given before the Ref and when Article 50 was triggered. I’ve changed my mind back to May’s deal, it’s the only way to get Brexit.
Well done all #Tories should put the nation before their party They represent their constituents not . #brexit
Actually, what he should have said is : "No, Brexit is a disaster from which we might not recover" - he forgot the comma after No
How about the '79 devolution referendum? And keeping the promises made in the 2014 referendum? Oh yeah; Scotland means absolutely nothing to the Union.
British pound climbs ahead of Tuesday’s Brexit vote
Tricky one! I guess one argument for democracy is that people learn from their mistakes and hence not differently next time! The problem is #brexit would be one hell of a mistake to let the country make!
May tries to claim "both sides accepted" narrow outcome of Welsh devolution referendum - even though many Conservative MPs, including herself, voted against it #Brexit
Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
It's quite clear that tory MP's want to reject May's deal to force a referendum on membership again. I voted remain in the first referendum. I support a referendum on the deal, not on membership. Out of principle, I would not vote in a referendum on membership again #brexit
Just shows how stupid she is! Doesn’t understand her own legislation, doh! The EU departure act comes into effect 29/03/19 23:00, with either her vile deal, or none! MPs cannot block it without her connivance!
BBC News - Why has this Brexit-voting town changed its mind?
She did precisely what you and she say shouldn't be done in relation to #Brexit. She used her vote in Parliament to try to thwart it. She did not accept the referendum result as a command for her as an MP to go along with somethi g she didn't agree with.
Three Tories on all disagreeing with each other about the way forward. I would urge them to sit quietly for a few minutes and work out the problem is the Tory government\party not #Brexit or the EU. #PeoplesVote
Hope this helps... please share as you feel - points &amp; prayer at the end.
no matter what happens with the Brexit vote, you have had a successful career in public service. Thanks for your service.
Time and again, only offers the views of #Conservatives on the #Brexit issue. Today on #R4 #WatO, we've already had #TheresaMay, followed by 2 #Brextremists, and now we move seamlessly on to a hard-right #Brexiter on the payroll vote. The whole of the #Opposition? Mute.
House of Commons votes on May's Brexit deal tomorrow?
Oh but Dominic Grieve insists he’s not out to destroy Brexit. The Westminster Swamp don't care about what you voted for!
Indeed, but more importantly Boris's grubby fingerprints have been all over the Brexit deal that has materialized. Canada Plus Plus and No Deal Brexit are both just empty Wiff-Waff!
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
Talking BOLLOCKS One Thing We ALL Can Be Sure Of; 's Deal Is NOT In The Best Interests Of The British People Her Deal Is For #Neo_liberalists Globalist &amp; #CorpoRAPEtion We Need A Change Of Govt #GE2019 NOW
A friend dug up an article on her intentions re: the vote;
Anxious Brits buying food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes'
But once again, immigration policy which was mishandled by the UK government, not the EU. Now they will get far more 'exotic' immigration, which is more difficult to assimilate, than the blameless Europeans, causing even more divisions. Bonkers self-destructive Brexit.
...be fair, Britain’s handling of Brexit to date has, unequivocally, been exceptionally, jaw-droppingly bad).
May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation A dishonest article by Maria Caulfield Tory MP.
Kwasi Kwarteng struggling to explain to #wato listeners exactly what is new in today's #brexit letters
Evidence of MP with a backbone emerges.
Not even the Whips are obeying the Whip. THE GOVERNMENT HAS NO CONFIDENCE IN ITSELF.
When Are The #British #Media Going To Start Doing Their Jobs? … #BBC #Trump #MAGA #NigelFarage #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK #TommyRobinson #GiletsJaunes #Reuters #Murray #Andy #LBC #Journalism #Westminster #Politics
“Politico has filled a gap in the market for high-level European political analysis. With the European Parliamentary elections and Brexit this year, we would expect subs to grow as they will become indispensable to some businesses.” Quote in
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit via
Bodged Brexit Been found in contempt of parliament Lost numerous votes in the house Driven an austerity programme responsible for the destitution of millions Relentlessly privatised the NHS Record number of resignations Record numbers on homelessness #ToriesOut #JC4PM2019
No-deal warning over loo paper via Now this! #brexit #wtobrexit #nodealnoproblem #remoaners #moggmentum
I'm with Patrick on this ...
Don’t why it makes think of Brexit
'These Comments Don't Reflect Our Political Position' - Cardiff City Make Pains To Distance Themselves From Neil Warnock's Pro-Brexit Parp via
So why didn't you win last time? What's different now? You are pro Brexit, why would more people vote for you now? I don't like the Tories being in power either, but until Labour provide opposition to Brexit why should there be another election?
Vince has posted this C4 news report on the Labour disquiet about Brexit strategies. Locally, the Constituency Labour party have been silent, and don't appear to have a candidate in place. We ask: what will you campaign for? Do you support a new...
Great look. 10 establishment fat cats telling us we are wrong. Have they not got it into their head that anti establishment feeling is DRIVING brexit.
Brexit oh brexit
Absolute rubbish. May is deranged, deluded and dangerous! She is blackmailing you and the people of the UK. We want Brexit not her Barnier-Robbins-May concoction! No wonder Brussels think it is a good deal. Dump the woman!
PM May’s no-Brexit warning sends pound to new 7-week high - Sandton24 News -
Conservative MP Gareth Johnson resigns as a Government whip to oppose PM's #Brexit deal Latest developments:
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit
UK: Conservative politician Gareth Johnson resigns over Brexit deal #Forex #ForexTrading #AIM
If it doesn't go well for May, and Brexit is halted like many reports say will happen, that's great for the rest of us, no?
as much as i don't think brexit is a good idea, i think it's unfair to the majority who voted to not get what they wanted - it just seems really not democratic and if this can be overturned then who knows what other thing can be? i think it's a dangerous road to go down
Different class
Brexit is fundamentally at odds with strands 2 and 3 of the GFA . If there is regulatory differences on the island then border checks are needed. It's not rocket science.
Currencies: British pound climbs ahead of Tuesday’s Brexit vote
Dominic Grieve : rational compassionate grasp of reality Dr. Fox : self serving callous reversal of reality where No Deal is portrayed as ‘ survivable ‘ while there is no recovery from No Brexit
Brexit vote latest news: Theresa May makes last-ditch plea to MPs to back her deal via
Sure you will... It's not like if you are a Labour MP or anything.. Oh wait.. #Deselection
Looking for honest opinions: seems there are a lot of people (and politicians) ‘against Brexit’.... Given there was a referendum... Does this make them bigots of sorts?
Notice they all have these insane bugged-out eyes.... Fanatic. Delusional.
How you can talk about a ‘deep state’ when you’re the former foreign fucking secretary really is baffling
If Theresa May says this, she must be ignored and preferably removed. The referendum was unequivocal, we must leave. The only question is on WTO terms (“no deal”) or on something better. At the moment, there is nothing better, and that is unlikely to change.
When Mueller is finished with Trump can we have him come investigate our Brexit vote mess?
What are the two links for this month agony topics?? Brexit and Vegan. If they are working together, so it will be 's wet dream?
NO BREXIT ONLY CONFIRMS THAT WE DO NOT LIVE IN A DEMOCRACY. I SEE REAL TROUBLE AHEAD FOR THE COUNTRY.
By the way, since you have poked your head up, WTF is your views on #Brexit, their not a fence strough enough for you to sit on.
You mean patriots who don’t wish the damage of Putin’s #Brexit on anyone! You don’t even care what brexit does to people!
Why we need Brexit ASAP. Brits are corrupting the EU, not vice versa.
Who gives a toss! One less snout in the trough trying to block brexit. All those mps who aren’t willing to support the referendum result should stand down but they won’t as they are too in love with their own egos and their seats on the gravy train. They have a shock coming
How about this comment from one of trumps aides
The latest The Law Teacher Daily! Thanks to #startup #brexit
Brexit in action.
I have seen a video of her speaking in a meeting where she was comfortable &amp; even very witty. Not very good at acting perhaps? Mystery is who is pulling the strings? Is she compromised? #Brexit #May
You really are clueless and a not very nice and your lot have called me Saboteur, traitor, citizen of nowhere,vile cybernat, cave dweller etc and you expect support for your rotten brexit? Scotland voted remain!You ignored us and treated us with contempt.
FTSE 100 drops on China gloom, Brexit-vote jitters via
We have some fantastic small companies, they are the backbone, keep our contracts in the U.K.
An astonishing lie in Theresa May’s Stoke Brexit speech has been uncovered BEFORE she’s even delivered it
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" | Zero Hedge
The future of Brexit Briton. LOW taxes for Wetherspoons boss Tim Martin (£ 322 million fortune), LOW regulations for business (i.e easy to sack workers). And best of all, LOW wages for workers!!!. #12perhour. #mopwah
I live in Boston and Skegness Constituency. I suspect the MP #mattwarman will lose his seat for backing #may's deal which is not Brexit. Lot of tactical voting for Labour being discussed to get rid. It would only be for one term.
The calibre of leadership in British politics must be at one of its lowest points ever... the whole shambolic #Brexit process came from individuals with no proper strategy and who are virtually unaccountable to anyone... #PeoplesVote
It's a fundamental issue because at least some people will come back
How ‘outrageous’ the Govt trying to persuade Leavers to vote for ahem LEAVING THE EU agreement! There is no pleasing these weird beards, I actually have some limited sympathy for May. But hey great, they’ve f*cked their own Brexit!
Yeah but you are backing brexit, so you don't get my vote.
“I will be voting against the deal as most people were going to do before Christmas. Nothing has changed with the deal, so I will be voting against it because it is not delivering Brexit.” #StandUp4Brexit #DitchTheDeal
why have you just taken credit for the work of ? #RevokeA50 #StopBrexitSaveBritain
I thought the European Union was a Democracy? Scrapping the right to veto a 'one size fits all' taxation policy is a #Dictatorship #EuropeanCommission #EU #EURef #Brexit "Brussels pushes to scrap national vetoes on taxation"
The European Parliament may become more right wing at this May’s elections (no MEP Elections in the UK on current plans). If Britain stays in, it needs to have a clear agenda to protect existing rights and funding allocations, and to change the EU in progressive ways. #Brexit
not an argument... Now give me that excuse for why you don't have arguments.
Well done Gareth
GBP/USD: UK Parliament still likely to reject May’s Brexit deal By @ #GBPUSD #Brexit #SupportResistance #UnitedKingdom
I agree, there is a move to the UK, fortunately or unfortunately brexit shall be on the favor of the non EU citizens, so positively speaking, UK would be a country of choice.
"This is a high risk pregnancy and I am doing this against doctor’s advice,”
The market is acting like Brexit won't happen
I admit i dont understand politics much but surely it would be better to stay in the job and vote against the deal than quit and not vote at all?
Some good news then ....
A hard Brexit, whereby Britain would leave the EU without any agreement, would be catastrophic, Spain’s Foreign Minister Josep Borrell says .
No it isn’t. It’s Brexit itself which is complicated. Take for example the complications with leaving Euratom and Galileo. Are those complexities the fault of Remainers?
The start of the no deal, thank god! Let’s leave now! #Brexit
The best Brexit of all, is no Brexit at all.
Rare robin in Beijing spurs Brexit jokes
Lunchtime read from &amp; - Setting the record straight: How record employment has changed the UK. Warning: does not contain Brexit (well, only one para)
+1 for the "no deal" camp Coming soon: cabinet resignations when May proposes an essentially unchanged plan B ... which will be +N for soft/no Brexit/2nd ref Big Q: how will the May's deal camp split between no deal &amp; other options?
I’m not now I’ve invested in 17 million Brexit Boxes.
ANOTHER Tory Brexit Resignation Gareth Jonson
I’m considering muting the word Brexit in Twitter...
Of course folk frustrated by painfully slow Tory process, that regularly paused to deliberately create time for legal challenges to be made. Most I know that voted Tory, did so tactically to block Labour without throwing Brexit in the bin. Tories never considered best for Brexit.
Ooooooo. An election in Dartford then?
They will not have the same access to social security systems as, in case of no deal Brexit, there would be no social security coordination between the EU and the UK anymore. Excluding returners from the NHS &amp; benefits.
Well done Gareth Johnson! BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK
DUP yet to reach a corporate view on which amendments they will or won't support - will sit down to do so once the list is closed - but source says this is "the sort of amendment that could gain traction."
How will #Brexit affect your operations? We can work with you to help understand supply chain vulnerabilities/impacts on costs &amp; resources. information .co.uk |
Honour among thieves.
The latest Green energy and much more! Thanks to #climatechange #brexit
Anxious Brits buying food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes'
The self-serving psuedo intellectual and moral dishonesty of so many UK politicians as regards to Brexit is so blatantly galling. All of Europe is just snickering away. Admist all these Brexit chaos, the UK has lost its voice to the world. A shame for a once Rule Britannia!
"Please keep funding our ever-closer-union political project. PS - we won't reform really"
Time to be brave and admit that Brexit is, and was always going to be, a total disaster. I am European and want my rights as an EU citizen.
Message in a Bottle..to ALL REMAINERS (&amp; repenting Leavers)...STAND FIRM...until Article50 is revoked &amp; prepare for a the Legal #PeoplesVoteNow ! We cannot allow Right-Wing liars to inflict a No Deal Brexit! (Which they always planned).
And May's deal delivers Brexit? Letters of undertaking; 'assurances' acting as guarantees? Didn't the PM say no deals was better than a bad deal? Well she's proved herself correct.
Thank you Toby. You’re quite right that we were referring to the Brexit coffin. That was fairly obvious in the use of the definite article. I think the Leaver of Warwick knew this anyway, and was trying to twist what was said for their own benefit.
Still no official details of a #Brexit Plan B. My sources say it involves crying, ice cream and jogging bottoms.
#Brexit: Brexit’s eleventh hour, Polish mayor stabbed and Macron's letter: Europe briefing
#Brexit: Theresa May fears outcome will be 'a paralysis in parliament that risks there being no Brexit'
And Scotland voted for devolution in 1979 by a greater margin than the Uk did for Brexit. It was not forthcoming. The world didn’t end.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because even he can't support May's deal | #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #FinalSay
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
EU writes to UK providing assurances over Ireland Brexit backstop
Notes
Well, I will miss the UK in the #EU when the #Brexit is a fact.
Theresa May refuses to rule out #brexit article 50 extension
UK: Conservative politician Gareth Johnson resigns over Brexit deal -
#Brexit Parliamentary situation. MPs should even now STOP &amp; think about what they are doing. If backbenchers of any party could introduce legislation to the House no future government could govern effectively ever again. These MPs are declaring war on the people. Irresponsible!
#trading #news Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
New UK army 17.4 million. Want to provoke them into war? Try fucking brexit up.
She's like human shaped sawdust.
Thanks to &amp; breaking convention on pairing a Labour MP is delaying the birth of her child to attend tomorrow's vote.
This is a bit bonkers that in 2019 an MP has to delay her C-Section to vote against the Government. MP's should be able to vote remotely.
More bad news for Theresa May and her doomed Brexit deal: Gareth Johnson has resigned as a Conservative whip today because he cannot support Theresa May’s Brexit deal.
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays giving birth so she can vote on Brexit deal She says she has postponed the date of her caesarean section by two days because she doesn't trust the pairing system
First of today's resignations. #brexit
Share and share alike #Brexit #Junker
The big Brexit vote: what the hell's going on, exactly? Where are the traitors, what's sovereignty, and who's voting on what now
Theresa May axes 'lie' from Brexit speech after critics point out it's not true The Prime Minister was due to claim "both sides" accepted a 1997 referendum on the Welsh Assembly. But she didn't even accept it herself
Sir Edward Lee on the assuring us that him being made a privy councillor by Theresa May has nothing to do with him changing his mind about her brexit deal. I'm sure the idea that it had hadn't even begun to consider the merest possibility of crossing anyone's minds
Must be a few hours away from Theresa May delaying the vote again.
So I guess Gareth Johnson is following Dominic Raab by displaying that same Vim &amp; Vigour by Vanishing from his #brexit responsibilities as soon as the tough got going. #gtto #toriesout #peoplesvote #stopbrexit
The insistence by that politicians must do what she wants flies in the face of how our democracy has always worked. It is up to politicians in Parliament to do as they feel best for the country - and that could be no deal, or no brexit, or her deal.
That's because stopping Brexit is in the country's best interests . TM's deal would destroy our country !
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit +1 EuroBot #europe #politics
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit +1 EuroBot #marketing
I think you are mistaken, it clearly says Brexit means Brexit.
Dartford MP Gareth Johnson quits as whip to vote against Brexit deal - more soon on
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
Rats. Sinking ship.
The latest The Political Daily! Thanks to #ausopen #brexit
Pretty much accurate #brexit #BrexitVote
No knots, very clear. The worst off should not bare the brunt of any Brexit deficit, that is a very nasty choice to make.
“...I think we are heading towards a no-deal. But I hate the term no-deal. We will finish up with a #basic deal – both sides want to keep as much normality as possible until such times as they come up with a long term arrangement.” #Brexit #DUP
.... or let's just execute #brexit. Is that clear enough for you?
To be totally honest I am sick of hearing the word #brexit #sick of listening to Politicians talking nonsense just make a bloody decision LEAVE now
Absolutely unacceptable.
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal' via
Your aim is to reverse Brexit, not 'shape' it. Sophistry is your game, it seems. I may be some ghastly unwashed stupid racist Leave voter (albeit with a Cambridge degree and 20 years in the City), but I know when I'm being patronised.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension #BrexitBetrayal
May was either lying or is incompetent, that's what happened.
"While no-deal remains a serious risk, having observed the events at Westminster over the last seven days, it's now my judgment that the more likely outcome is a paralysis in parliament that risks there being no Brexit." #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate
James - 'Jobs First Brexit' = 'Oxygen-free breathing" (it doesn't age well!)
From the quotation in the article below it is clear that she doesn't give a damn about us EU citizens who has made a life here. #brexit
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' l BBC News
BREAKING: The Conservative MP for Dartford, Gareth Johnson, has resigned as a Government whip in order to oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal.
Never voted for mine yet &amp; wouldn't even if he voted against May's deal. He's let me &amp; his Remain constituents (70%) down repeatedly despite being a Remainer. He might get a thank you though, in the extremely unlikely event that on this 1 occasion, he ignores May's pleas.
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
I am an american living in England trying to get my head around Brexit, immigration and other issues that are in the news. Do you have any podcast suggestions like are like pod save america and pod save the world that are centered around British policy?
As I listen to our traitorous politicians talk about the possibility of "No Brexit" I can't help thinking that I am so glad that I wasn't a sixteen year old boy who gave up his young life for our freedom only for these b*stards to give it away. #traitors
That MPs have respect for this obnoxious diminutive maggot tells you everyhing you need to know about the state of Parliament and its inhabitants.
Justice &amp; Politics is out! #ausopen #brexit
Over 3 Trillion Pounds owed by Germany to the UK was written off. They are now demanding 40 billion for us to leave Europe. Why are we so soft and allow people to come here, leach off us and give money away? #Brexit #foodforthought
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live Can you hear that tearing sound ?
Why is the MSM saying you are all left wing activists against Brexit?
Of course the bill of rights won't be repealed with the clean Brexit which is coming. It will be finally respected again which it hasn't since the 70's.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
New post (U.S. Earnings Season And Brexit To Dominate) has been published on - Asian markets saw a mixed start to the trading week, whilst European futures pointed lower ahead of US earnings season. The big... -
I begin to get the strong smell in my nostrils of an unspoken deal between No.10 and the Grieve/Bercow mob in which Brexit is stopped by the latter with the Tory establishment able to say don't blame the Tory Party blame Labour and a few other screwball MPs. Won't work Theresa.
#Dartford MP Gareth Johnson resigns as government whip. He says 's #Brexit deal would be "detrimental to our nation's interests". Story to follow.
Can’t believe she actually went ahead and said it, even after being proven to be a liar lmao. The absolute state of her.
BREAKING: Juncker and Tusk send May eleventh hour letter ahead of crunch Brexit deal vote
Brexit.....
Hi there . Please take a look at this thread. The people are speaking - they want No Brexit. Please listen. #TellThemTheTruth #RevokeArticle50
stay or go, the brexiteers win. if we don't leave the repercussions will far surpass anything else imaginable for years to come. if leavers lose the battle they win the war. what a gift this brexit has been. gets popcorn
Everyone is focused on the UK/Brexit today. Meanwhile in Greece....
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
"Post-Brexit, EU crab pickers are unlikely to be able to come to the UK and settle permanently." BBC News - Crabs caught in UK picked in Vietnam due to staff shortage
"Corporate collapses tend to have one thing in common." #NEDonBoard #Brexit #EuropeanUnion #Cadre
We voted Leave in a one-off vote in 2016 and the Govt. vowed to abide by our decision. There is NO mandate for MPs to do anything but obey the people. #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for.
#Brexit #Juncker As a "federation," the #EU is the outlier The other regional European treaties are "confederations" - #NATO #OSCE #EFTA
Will do, can't possibly vote for the main parties again. Hadn't for years, but gave the Tories the benefit of the doubt over delivering Brexit.
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears Shall we just stop now? Please?
Someone just said “Brexit means Brexit.”
Yes we need another Referendum. Of corse if it was a solid vote to stay in the EC the Brexiter would be up in arms. But a lot of past Brexit voters have learnt the truth about leaving the EC
Indeed, UK domestic operations make up a very small percentage of the carriers’ operations — but it’s still ‘worth protecting’ given the prospect of a no-deal exit #Brexit
We need some reassurances to stop all of this getting out of hand . People are panicking #Brexit
Brexit is not a crisis; it is the salvation of the United Kingdom. If done correctly, it will save the UK from the migrant crises created by EU leadership, the massive debts drowning EU countries like Greece &amp; will open up huge potential markets with other countries outside of EU
Sterling falls as investors prepare for Brexit vote -
I wouldn't bet on the revocation of Article 50 being the end of Brexit. The subsequent General Election could permanently kill it off, equally it could keep it very much top of the agenda.
Is Brexit-voting Llanelli changing its mind?
Either that or just cancel Brexit, explain and prosecute everyone responsible for turning the referendum into a frauderendum. How can we have a “People’s Vote” when we know they are still at large?
Brexit reminds me of my (very) amateur football days. “Who cares what the experts think” is the equivalent of “don’t worry lads, we can manage with an outfield player in goal against this lot”.
i heard that too this morning 32% have voted on something that effects the 100%
The actual answer is 56% of our exports are via trade agreements facilitated by the EU. That means the EU negotiated the trade deal and we take advantage of it. So you need to add that to the 10% we do directly with the EU to get a better view of the Brexit impact.
My deal or no Brexit Leave under WTO rules Renegotiate the deal Jobs first Brexit
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote via
The policy overall is myopic and I fear will actually prolong neo-liberalism. The strategy on #Brexit was agreed by conference I suspect because it was only about process. The real test is yet to come and I agree re GE.
If we can continue to confuse the public and make them think we're both for and against Brexit, whilst having no plan of our own, we're sure to make an impact.
You are full of crap and twice as smelly. Just go woman your not wanted. I have never ever come across such a Liar in all my years. #MaymustGo #GetTheToriesOut
Labour party brexit team
Margaret Thatcher fought so hard to get us the best deal any country could get in the EU She certainly had the confidence to walk tall inside the EU as well as the rest of the world #Brexit
That'll gain plenty of Tories. What a fucking mess this shit is. Did someone exclaim, "fuck Brexit is a mess, think of something?" And squidward gove came up with that? Makes me want to spew.
BBC News - Brexit: How would no deal affect UK citizens in the EU?
For once I agree with Colin..
Have you written more extensively about Brexit? Would love to read the details of your thoughts on it. Thank you.
TREASON MAY HAS GIVE THE UK TO THE EU. EU MILLIATARY UNIFCATION IS TREASON. OUT NOW NO DEAL WTO RULES OR TREASON NO NO NO TO EU MILLATARTY UNIFCATION
I hope the police respond to inflammatory nonsense like this appropriately
No it’s quite demonstrable. Not a single economist save one rogue nutter thinks Brexit will benefit the UK in any way
Whatever one's views on Brexit, for Dublin the Backstop is about cynically availing of the opportunity to permanently detach N.Ireland from the rest of the UK ; despite negating both the N-S strand &amp; Westminster's Sovereignty over all 'excepted matters' in the Belfast Agreement.
All going well in the Tory Whips’ Office then...
Guidance: Prepare to drive in the EU after Brexit #GOVUK #DVSA
How many of the referendums that we’ve had have involved illegal overspending, dark money, foreign interference and a campaign based on misinformation that deceived a large proportion of the electorate? #RevokeA50
Funny how the Male Tories seem to be so familiar with words like ‘Fettered’ Nothing to do with their S&amp;M sexual preferences of course. Oh no. #tories #S&amp;M #brexit #WhipsOffice #WhipMe #LifeUnderTheLash
via May cited for hypocrisy after using Welsh Assembly vote to sell her Brexit plans
Christ!!!
they can sod of the British people have spoken by voting Brexit if anyone stops it I would hate to be in there shoes as the mobs will want to lynch them
We may have some things to talk about tomorrow with the critical Brexit vote. Join to hear the latest on $GBPUSD
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Brexit flavours... EEA EFTA Single market Customs union Walk away without paying dues never to be trusted by European or ROW
Home building growth in the UK under threat from a no deal Brexit via #construction #ukhousing #property
Tomorrow evening I will be voting in favour of the Prime Minister's deal. It is the only option which will enrage my party, my leader, my constituents and the country. But I don't care because my disdain for my own party is more than the party I'm supposed to oppose.
The latest The DarkestAngel Daily! Thanks to #brexit #eu
did you ever listen during history lessons? #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Iberia could be grounded by Brexit
You're asked to confirm your decision for something as insignificant as uninstalling an app on your phone, or deleting a file...why not revisit a decision as important as this one? Why not ask the people again, 2 years later, if Brexit still seems a good idea? Why forge ahead /1
The public *already* voted. Why can’t you understand &amp; respect that?! It’s about sovereignty, not the economy. Well, it was, but it’s now also about the very principle of democracy. Thwart democracy &amp; you’ll have bigger fish to fry than economic disruption.
All this bickering between party’s on the brexit needs to stop. The rest of Europe are laughing at us. All MPs just get behind each other and get the job done what ever way you voted the public chose and you should deliver. end of get it done then we can move on #Brexit
A National Unity Government coming to a parliament near you soon... #BrexitVote #Brexit
And another one bites the dust ...
Nonsense brexit hasn’t yet happened your trips to Brussels meant we were bound to get a bad deal &amp; Eu wants to scare Italy from leaving,
Wow, Priti Patel is bending the Dorries-McVey-Jenkyns Stupidity scale. “You can’t have it both ways” Um, yeah May’s Deal would deliver a No-No-Deal for Remainers, and Brexit for Leavers. May be a cr*p deal but factually it does deliver exactly that. #wato #PeakStupid
Disgraceful that she should have to in this day and age.
You mean the idiot Fox that said brexit would be the easiest deal in history? The idiot Fox that was fired from government for corruption? Wouldn't believe a word he says.
Teflon Tories
Brexiters arguing that they will minimise delays at ports by waving through lorries. What a wonderful opportunity for those smuggling people, drugs, explosives and guns. Brexit will do for British gangs what prohibition in the US did for organised crime. #UnforeseenConsequences
Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes'
Let us all hope the people make a wise decision when these MPs come up for re-selection, and re-election, when they the people can make a difference to parliment and the MPs of their choice.
Is this an appropriate negotiation tactic? Absolutely not. Will it prove more effective than Theresa May's over Brexit? Absolutely.
When you get bored mid press conference on football manager
Let us delay Brexit for unlimited time. The idea can be revisited and laughed at in 500 years from now :-)
#Guidance: Prepare to drive in the EU after Brexit - #Drivers #Driving #Nationals #Travel #AgenparlEnglish #PoliticaEstera #SocialNetwork
Contempt for Wales from axed Swansea Bay Scheme, Wylfa/N Wales Growth Deal on a knife edge. Now lying about her and party record on Welsh Assembly. Clear evidence that we can't trust post #Brexit funding promises and why we need a #PeoplesVote and #Remain
Lorry logjams,food (loo roll!) shortages, resulting from no deal Brexit. “Don’t panic” Grayling and DEfra have it under control. Spivs on the Tory benches will make a killing
EU grants to Britain were secretly cut from £1.73bn in 2016 to £1.38bn last year while funds to Germany and France increased, according to analysis by #brexit #business #grants #government
This article nearly killed me #brexit #journalism #graphics
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
I thought the people already voted on brexit, or are you going to keep voting until government gets results they want?
Add you vote to the petition: "Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances" -
The risk of no Brexit at all would likely cause increased inward investment, greater business confidence, fewer jobs lost - goodness what a scary thought! #wato
Theresa May delivers warning ahead of Brexit vote
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
One of only 3 Labour MPs to back TM's bad deal because you think it's better than no deal? Heard of ' no Brexit' or Second referendum? Did you listen to the empty rhetoric and lies she spouted in Stoke today? She even had to pull a lie about the Welsh referendum!!
TRUTH on BREXIT : … … Watch Video:Part 1: Part 2: … … UK Government have duty &amp; obligation to act in national interest of UK - REVOKE ARTICLE 50!
We all know about BBC bias, impartial my arse, you just had to watch Question Time last week to confirm it, EVERY report is anti Brexit.
Out in the streets around Stratford defying the cold wind campaigning for a on the final Brexit deal Does Brexit give you the #MondayBlues? Take action! You still have time to write to your MP at
New on Brexit from a large UK union
Bravo - it's a massive shame that this is needed, but well done to the team
Much truth in frightening analysis; ‘bored of Brexit’ Britain seems to be sleepwalking to disaster in an atmosphere of disaffection with &amp; contempt for all politicians, all experts. Yet at the same time huge marches, demos, Twitterstorms?!
With less than 80 days to go until Britain leaves the European Union, the path to Brexit winds to a critical crossroads on Tuesday when lawmakers vote on Prime Minister Theresa May's withdrawal deal.
The only TRUE Brexit is to TOTALLY leave the bullying, corrupt, undemocratic and unaccountable EU. This means on WTO terms, which I expected to happen when I voted to leave in the People’s Vote of 2016. That should have been prepared for over 2.5 years ago !
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
Theresa May delivers warning ahead of Brexit vote
Theresa, Don’t Threaten Us With A Good Time! Theresa May tells MPs to back her deal or risk no Brexit at all
We also know that the decision about Brexit was based on a fairly large fortune of the Kremlin for manupulation and misinformation
Theresa May delivers warning ahead of Brexit vote
Is he resigning his seat or this means he will try and boycott Brexit
#Brexit get this vote of the way. Fed up to the back teeth of this diatribe being rolled out every day #worldatone get a grip it’s pointless having any body from any side on st the moment tedious
Wondering (listening to Patel on R4 WATO) if ERG think if vote down this week then EU will concede more. Even if no concessions, when May puts vote again (coz she has no Plan B) will they vote for deal rather than risk no Brexit at all...?
“if"....as if there's any doubt
Will there be anyone left? Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
on radio saying he's a Brexiteer because he wants "Parliament to take control". Also: he's warning that Parliament could take control of Brexit! That's all good 'n' logical, then.
This about sums up the state of the country at the moment.
Wonder if either or will report this. #brexit
EU preparing to delay Brexit until at least July
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
#Brexit All brexit has done so far is create a division between so called civilised people, waste a lot of money and highlight the childish behaviour of dummy spitters and politicians.
Brexit is a complete balls up just like virtually everything Tories have done over recent years
#Brexit No one knows the long term economic impact of a no deal Brexit. There's to many unknown variables for any economist to predict, including future trade deal with EU, future trade deals with the ROW &amp; the UK'S future industrial &amp; services strategies.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can’t support May’s deal – Politics live
I'm afraid he's right -it is project fear - the problem is that project fear is the fear of doing something stupid. Fear is a signal you're about to jump off a cliff - (like pain, which tells you that you did fall off the cliff). we should walk away from the cliff/brexit.
No Brexit is the right choice. None of this should have happened. Britain must come back to its senses or be destroyed by its own hand.
Theresa May fears outcome will be 'a paralysis in parliament that risks there being no Brexit': #Brexit
He ultimately has to vote for Brexit because his policies call for nationalization of industries backed by govement subsidies. As I understand it that’s illegal under eu rules.
there was just no need, plenty of Brits around the EU who also never changed passport, absolutely nobody could have foreseen Brexit, it makes no sense
Oh but Dominic Grieve insists he’s not out to destroy Brexit. The Westminster Swamp don't care about what you voted for!
She's threatened to withdraw the whip and deselect anyone who votes against her. The whip resigns to vote against her. How. Fucking. Delicious.
" Stop pretending you are a Christian and stop ruining our country. And stop lying to the UK public and abroad. Brexit is a Tory project and it's insane.
I'm no fan of Brexit, yet to retain our clout it Must be all or nothing, for the health of the Nation Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
Gareth Johnson MP a Conservative Whip has announced his resignation from the Government in a Facebook statement he says he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's #Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government"
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
‘Just get us out of Europe’: Brexit zealots push to leave with no deal
It could - but like everything else Brexit, Europe's problems will pale into insignificance compared with ours. It's a damned sight easier to avoid UK airspace that EU airspace. And our agreements with the USA and others are through the EU, so those collapse too.
An election is a time waster, a distraction. And even IF there is one, and IF there's an extension to A50 to allow for one, and IF Labour won (big IF, especially without the tactical voting bloc of 17 should a Labour manifesto back Brexit), EU won't renegotiate.
Brexit: EU Willing to Extend Transition Period via
DUP Deputy Leader does not seem impressed by Theresa May or EU's attempt to reassure on the #backstop : Theresa May relies on DUP votes in Parliament #WorldNews #Brexit deadlock
Oh, that’s so moving! Which country was that? That’s the BBC we all value + I hope you feel that *that* BBC still exists in places. Living through brexit must be particularly unnerving for you. My best wishes to you.
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" | Zero Hedge
I didn’t think that did a very good job this morning! I would have liked to have heard more of what had to say about these vital issues of #brexit
Or the refusal to implement Scottish devolution after 1979 vote, which was in favour by almost same margin as Brexit. Took 20 years &amp; a second referendum to get what we voted for.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
#Europe: British PM Theresa May makes last-ditch appeal to save Brexit deal
I like the first one, let's do that.
#London - From those : #EU #BOMBSHELL: How #Britain was put 'under #SIEGE by damaging #trade bloc'
Good God , a politician sticking to his principles...
Or to put it another way, is the retirement of a tennis player as important as the shit-storm which will engulf the UK no matter how the Brexit shambles is eventually resolved?
Theresa May delivers warning ahead of Brexit vote
So, if you've been wondering why the government whipping operation on the Brexit deal hasn't been very effective...
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Not fit for the job, remainer first country second
Just heard Edward Leigh on radio saying that if May's deal is rejected in HoC vote tomorrow by over a hundred MPs, it could mean the end of both Brexit and the Tory Party. Oh dear, how terrible that would be. #doublebubble
I'm lost, shouldn't MPs, you know, represent what we want not what the prime minister wants? No Brexit sounds good to me x
WATCH: 'I don't believe we should be extending article 50' – PM refuses to completely rule out extension/ #Brexit
There's nothing to fear about a no deal Brexit, as top trade officials have told me via
Too right. And you’re still for brexit. What a useless leader. JC4P45!!!
Cardiff City distance themselves from manager Neil Warnock's pro-Brexit views
What really motivates the European Research Group? via
Like your optimism. See how we have consensus over Brexit!
Wait what?
Tory whip quits government ahead of Brexit vote
Add you vote to the petition: "Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances" -
Will the Brexit Secretary be following him ?
GBP up Before Brexit Storm, EUR Resilient, AUD Underperforms - US Market Open | #Forex
They said Brexit would be easy.
And exit from Brexit!
"dear prime Minister, I realized that we can't have our cake and eat it too. I cannot support such a thing"
Tory whip Gareth Johnson bites the dust...
The Welsh Assembly referendum was 50.3% to 49.7% and the assembly went ahead without a murmur on a 0.6% The 2016 #Brexit 4% margin was a clear result for #Leave as you well know. So don't be silly, respect the result. Help get us out of the failing #EU as we decided in 2016.
Fuck of Wetherspoons with your shitty propaganda posted through my door! I don’t want your shitty booze or your shitty Brexit! Get to fuck you shitelords!
I bet if he'd have slagged off Brexit and said he wanted us to remain, the club wouldn't have came out with a statement!
Sky News:
She's looking more and more like Captain 'Mayhab' of the Pequod. Isolated, deranged and lashed to brexit. She'll take the ship down - someone better stop her
Look at me! Hi, I'm a useless leader of the opposition, just like Jeremy Corbyn! Give me an election! What’s this? “Biggest decision of a generation”. Well, I don’t need a plan for #Brexit because I’m Jeremy Corbyn!
Guidance: Prepare to drive in the EU after Brexit #DVSA #GOVUK
That capo hurts me almost as much as Brexit will hurt our economy
Questions to put to opponents of the Brexit deal -
No positive Brexit developments since UK parliament postponed vote - Danish PM #stopbrexit
The reasons for Brexit are riddled with contradictions which is why we’re at this point now
UKIP National news - Political establishment fighting over their preferred method of stopping Brexit says UKIP Leader
UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after Brexit?
BREAK: The #Conservative MP for Dartford, Gareth Johnson, has resigned as a Government whip in order to oppose Theresa May’s Brexit deal. -PA
#EU sends letter to May ahead of crunch Brexit deal vote - #The
I'm not entirely sure what this letter has done. Nothing's new, all they've done is confirm what's been said before. I don't see how they have legal 'force' as May is claiming. #toryshambles #brexitchaos #UnknownUnknowns #whatisshehiding
By the way, since you have poked your head up, WTF is your views on #Brexit, there’s not a fence strong enough for you to sit on.
The question on everyone's lips: 'Will exchange rates improve after tomorrow's #Brexit vote?'
Over million votes got ‘lost’ when voting oversight outsourced to Peter Lilly’s IDOX company. You know, the arch Brexiter. Corruption at every point of referendum compass. Cambridge Analystica. AggregateIQ. Russian troll/bot factory. Industrial scale psyops. Dark money via DUP
This government is in total chaos. End this now and support a #PeopelsVote #LabourSay
Would this be enough for the hard Brexiters? Joint Brexit deal letter from EU – 14/01 2019
#Brexit: Theresa May knows the country will be poorer post-Brexit but MPs are urged to back her deal. The only reason this deal is being pursued is for # unity - not the country. Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Vote here.
The desperation of May and her disorganised dreadful party is palpable... her delusion is such, and her need to remain in power is such, that she doesn't care about wrecking the country, it's party, power, and self that's all that matters !
A reminder, - if this deal passes on the back of Labour votes, I will never vote Labour again. That also applies if Labour take ANY steps, in opposition or in government, towards taking us out of the single market and the customs union and ending freedom of movement.
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal
The only person that can block brexit is the prime minister. Will she introduce primary legislation to stop it?
Now Theresa May today has said in her speech in Stoke that there will be NO BREXIT if her deal is not accepted as she blames remainers &amp; John Bercow of orchestrating this, but NO new legislation to DELAY or STOP BREXIT can happen WITHOUT Theresa May agreeing to it and enabling it
Stuck on this: 'Corbyn could destroy the government’s authority over Brexit – but only if he stopped ignoring Labour’s wishes'. I think it should be 'stops'. I think the 'only' changes it, but I'm not sure why. - if you've time - I'd love your thoughts.
Oi Vey. It’s bad when the guy whose job is to make everyone get behind this deal resigns. Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it via
has not explained that he failed 2 secure WTO tariffs He cut copied + Pasted the existing agreed tariffs used by the EU members on the assumption that it would be the easiest deal in the history He was turned down + he has no secure WTO terms 2 date AND SAYS NOTHING
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Post-brexit the only thing getting off ships at Dover will be rats, so this is quite apt.
something non-brexit: GAME OF THRONES IS COMING BACK!
A chair. Not a fucking tweet.
The EU is no land of milk and honey Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten ??? read my article cklich here …
Walking off a cliff may lead to injury.
BREAKING: Julia Hartley-Brewer utterly rejects no-deal Brexit as it was not in any party’s manifesto.
Delete your account
Its become far more of a motivating factor since the 2017 election. 18 months ago, it looked like Brexit would be a) bad but not disastrous, and b) unavoidable, now it seems that Brexit will be a) totally disastrous, and b) possibly avoidable. That shift has focused minds.
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Weasel
Will the Brexit Secretary be next ?
"GBP up Before Brexit Storm, EUR Resilient, AUD Underperforms - US Market Open" #trading #forex
Well you just frighten me! Question for you: If we stay in the EU would you want us to join the Euro and the Army? #Brexit
Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous George F. Will
Another excellent myth busters from Stephen Fry
Of course there was / is an alternative to - it's called Norway... so Simon is lying when he says there isn't an alternative.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
The best alternative is still to withdraw Art. 50: MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
Two cheeks of the same arse but they could always stop complaining about what they refuse to fix and actually turn up to defeat the twin evils of #Brexit and #UniversalCredit and deliver a #JC4PM outcome that would be favourable for Northern Ireland as a whole. Sadly the won't
Which is exactly as it should be. The default is No Deal, so in order to prevent this with certainty there needs to be a legally available alternative to form a type of ‘backstop’. The status quo is the only one available if no alternative deal has been agreed, namely rescind A50
Good man
#Brexit clean break!!!!
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live - Another one down - they’re like skittles! #GTTO
After the last two years Ian, #Brexit is as clear as my mug of Yorkshire tea. But from what was said and done by ministers and MPs, it's as if they don't speak English - because they don't mean what I thought they say all of the time.
Hear hear. Among the worst offenders
Compare The Brexit .com Genius.
Confidence motion and it’s either likely we go to a general election or no deal/no Brexit.
If Brexit is delayed or cancelled, the 2011 riots will seem like afternoon tea in comparison to what will happen.
Seriously if you care at all about Brexit read this thread. The shameless hypocrisy &amp; lying if Theresa May is something to behold, I will never ever understand where she got the reputation as a sober serious person from, she's both utterly useless &amp; terribly shallow
Dear Prime Minister, I regret that I must resign from my comically junior government job. I have just realised that I oppose your Brexit deal, and I cannot in good conscience be part of a government that includes someone as slow on the uptake as me. Best wishes, Bobson Dugnutt MP
Then we will have labour infighting about Brexit instead. Let’s just go with the deal then focus on how to get labour back in to restore our public services.
Completely agree...
I really don't think that after brexit we wont be allowed to travel or work abroad and if that's you're only reason for voting remain its fairly hollow. I'd remind you that there are far more brits working in ROW than the EU.
Are these people really in charge of the UK's construction industry? Sounds just a bit late - should have done this, at latest, the day after the #brexit referendum but really even before that on a contingency basis. This is why we are in a mess all round - no leadership.
Hi there . Take a look at this thread. The people's will is for No Brexit. #TellThemTheTruth #RevokeArticle50
The whips aren’t whipping. They’re resigning over #BrexitVote
Ok gents I’m moving onto Brexit now, that stuff affects exchange rates and my savings so it needs my attention. We can chat again sooner or later
Ban phrases like f-/k the tories, the BBC are lying b-/t~#{ds. Brexit is a rich mans trick etc etc?
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote - Evening Standard. #ToryShambles #BrexitChaos
Prime Minister Theresa May is on #StokeonTrent for key speech ahead of #Brexit deal vote
The government is coming to an end. As much as we need to stay in the EU, we also need a government to govern. WTF?!
'I wouldn’t exist if it wasn’t for freedom of movement bringing my parents together' – blogs
Not registering to read the full article, but if Ricardo Pereira isn’t included then that’s a bigger scandal than Brexit. #LCFC
There goes a Whip
I think 's critique of this NYT piece is spot on. Quoting Bannon as an authority is bad enough, but uncritically adopting his highly-simplified thesis makes matters worse. (A side note, but also surprised to see NYT serially misuse the p-word.)
Theresa May axes 'lie' from Brexit speech after critics point out it's not true
A Dexit.... really? Brexit is working well alright...
NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU WANT OR ARE PAID TO SAY.....YOUR PEOPLE WANT TO BE FREE!!!! #YELLOWJACKETSUNITE
Offer head of FCO......#PeoplesVote #brexit #stopthetrain
#Luxembourg watchdog tells firms to include #Brexit #impact in annual reports
There is no interest for your constituents in Brexit. It will do nothing but damage to our economy and therefore their lives!
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension - The Guardian via #technews #technology
Do you think Britain is divided? It's been worse... The Last Roundhead, a picaresque comedy set in the first English Civil War. #history #comedy #flashman #englishcivilwar #MondayMorning #brexit #corbyn #TheresaMay #parliament #MondayMotivation
Nick, the PM’s deal is not right for this country. We need to do better. I ask you to vote against it.
"My generation now had the possibility to re-imagine our relationships as people: what being “Irish, British or both” could mean." reflects on the provisions of the #GoodFridayAgreement and the challenges posed by #Brexit.
Yawn! Ask them what the question(s) would be - and how they could offer a deal, rejected by #MPs, as one of the options. Of course, they can't. The whole thing is bogus nonsense. 2nd #EURef #Brexit
*There is no evidence you will accept. Below is a summary just for financial services, and remember all the leading doctors in the NHS telling us how badly we will be impacted? Anyway, good luck. We will need it.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
As the 'meaningful vote' over Theresa May's Brexit Deal approaches, takes an in-depth look at what Brexit planning has been undertaken by Scottish business. #BrexitDeal #NoDealBrexit
Oxford University Press has applied to trademark its ‘brand’ ahead of Brexit.
#Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
#Iberia grows more than #IAG’s other airlines, while Brexit is debated
How about 17 million people and citizens that think Brexit would benefit um?
Austerity, Brexit and BME women #Brexit #MDClassics
Utter nonsense. May's deal is very bad. No Brexit will see us move into a constitutional crisis and almost certain rioting especially outside Westminster. #WTOBrexit is still on the table let's go with it.
Deplorable that journalists at fail time &amp; time again to challenge this crap. More today from inept too. Cats have left the bags fellas, time to disperser into the ether. Brexit Broadcasting! #RevokeA50 #stopbrexit
Not a good look when government whips are resigning prior to the #MeaningfulVote
SNP's Ian Blackford urges MPs to block Brexit deal
Yeah, about million and a half less by now, may they rest in peaces. That’s many times the margin it was won on, and where’s a couple of million coming of age and being illegally denied vote? You know the win was illegal, that’s why you’re so shit scared of a review.
An urban brexit threatens all of us. People voted for a winged brexit and that's what we must ensure politicians give us!
Not fit for office. Just go man just go.
Looking ahead to 2019: The year of the B word #algomecommunity #blog #brexit #bitcoin #blockchain
Scotland can't be in the passenger seat if UK is driven off Brexit cliff edge
Amen.
Sterling falls, investors are preparing to vote on Brexit #forex
“Theresa May is warning of paralysis in parliament if MPs do not approve her #Brexit deal” I think she underestimates how much paralysis in parliament appeals to quite a of few of us at the moment. No Brexit and the Tories can’t push through their hateful agenda? Win-win!
Wonder how long he will still be manager for.
Headmaster quits after making controversial Brexit comments to pupils
No-deal Brexit would be ‘default policy’, Trade Secretary Liam Fox says
And his tone is representative of what all decent brexiteers/democrats feel, bloody angry!. No deal is real Brexit and they are trying to deny us that with all manner of excuses none acceptable. Anger is rising rapidly as this duplicitous bunch are trying every trick to screw us!
“Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns from government because he's opposed to May's #Brexit deal”
They will only represent their egos. Every single one of them, that's all they care about. Remainers claim they were lied to. They were. But every politician lies every single time they speak, not just during Brexit.
Tomorrow MPs vote on the government’s #Brexit deal – what would this agreement mean for #architects? Find out here:
Throw the whole brexit away and start again tbqh
The withdrawal bill is a dumpster fire. It's worse than No Deal or No Brexit, It's not what anybody voted for during the referendum and there is no mandate to deliver it since the last election, it removes all sovereignty from parliament.
A market liberal agenda that champions the consumer - that’s a post Brexit vision the party can unite behind and sell to the wider electorate
James Blake of Emergency Food Storage UK, who launched the (imho overpriced and unnecessary) Brexit Box has made a huge naming error. Should’ve named it “BrexKit”.
The latest The darryljames Daily! Thanks to #brexit #cnnsotu
They did, but people are angry. Some leave voters feel like they were lied to. I live in one of the highest leave voting constituencies. A recent poll was conducted in the town centre and a lot of people have changed their minds. They see what Brexit entails and don't want it
Theresa May warns there could be no Brexit at all if her deal fails
Why are all Brexiteers obsessed with Dunkirk?
The heart of the story is the British Embassy Ljubljana's response: “Discussions are ongoing with the MZZ (Ministrstvo za zunanje zadeve – the Ministry of Foreign...
BBCNews : Conservative MP Gareth Johnson resigns as a Government whip to oppose PM's #Brexit deal Latest developments: (via Twitter
I was most disappointed with you today. You had a crybaby caller claiming to be clinically depressed because he hasn't got his Brexit yet. You could have asked him what it is that he is so desperate for. Does he have neighbours like the caller before that he wants to get rid of?
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
When, or if, will they get it! Mrs May's deal does not provide the Brexit people voted for.
Brexit: Deal or no deal? All eyes are on UK Prime Minister Theresa May ahead of tomorrow’s crucial vote: (via ) #Brexit #theresamay #parliament
Anxious Brits buying food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes' Usually the domain of survivali
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
'This is not Dunkirk!' Brexiteer Liam Fox says no deal Brexit is NOT 'national suicide'
How did we get here? Well the Tory party spent three years focusing on their infighting and squabbles, instead of actually running the country. Watch this recap of the last three years of Tory Brexit Chaos, then go to and sign up to get a #PeoplesVote
PM May sees ‘paralysis, no Brexit’ as deal faces defeat in House of Commons
Not looking good, is it.....
Just how 'Brexit' is Doncaster? Here are the UK's top 20 highest Leave and Remain voting areas - and Doncaster is the highest in Yorkshire and was nearly number one in Northern England
Looks like 2019 is set to be another year of career politicians berating the establishment.
So what you're saying that there was a remain conspiracy to sabotage brexit from the beginning?
Britain has staged a mass truck jam to test how traffic might flow in the event of a no-deal Brexit
Was May's Brexit deal on the ballot?
How the EU Referendum could affect UK #healthandsafety #laws - #businesstips #Brexit
how are you planning to vote tomorrow? As one of your constituents I’d ask you to vote against the deal and push for no Brexit. Happy to discuss further. Thanks.
What was she hoping for, the red lines where to restrictive for a decent withdrawal agreement
Trendy app icon design at $5
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
#RIBA calls for #immigration reform post #Brexit: #Architecture
You want to "shape" it into something that isn't Brexit. Now go read the manifesto you were elected on.
Yes brexit
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
I agree that Brexit survival kits are unlikely to be needed but, at the same time, I’ve made sure I’ve some extra tins in the cupboard. We’ve also bought extra cat litter!
UK woke up today to a BBC Politics Live programme on the eve of an Historic Brexit vote, with 6 Tory voices and a complete blackout omission of a Labour voice, who have a Brexit Plan. SK,GS (former Labour) Femi People’s Vote Campaigner. This is not democracy.
Exclusive in the Sun - Lady Diana's spirit guide reveals what the people's princess thinks of Brexit
May is desperately attempting to lie selling her deal which is infinitely worse than current prison terms on the basis we'll stay put. Let's get rid of her even at the risk of a cultural Marxist government. Easier to fight Corbyn for true Brexit.
… UK Government failed to assess the impact of Brexit for UK and EU before staging EU Referendum. Leave campaigns have both been found to have breached Electoral Law and ought to be regarded as 'illegal'. REVOKE ARTICLE 50!
98% of World Trade is conducted on WTO terms. So that should be good enough for us too then, right? #getonwithit #leavemeansleave
Brexit can still be blocked, PM May warns rebels as key vote looms
Piece from on the various ways Brexit would impact the tech sector. Spoiler: It would mean lots of issues and none of them are great...
#CollegeGreen across from #parliament has become the HQ of the anti-Brexit movement with hacks giving non-entities who call themselves MPs with those euro signs in their eyes a platform to plug anti-Brexit propaganda while plain clothed cops wave their EU flags in the background.
Theresa May delivers warning ahead of Brexit vote
Awesome answers on any questions. Hit the nail on the head about Brexit being a dress rehearsal. Thank You for such wise comments.
The same Patrick Minford who casually informs a parliamentary committee that the car industry will have to be run down with WTO? Not much of an opening gambit! Nissan in my area will be tremendously pleased, as will its supply chain and employees
BBC News - Brexit: What's next if MPs reject May's deal?
Anxious Brits buying food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes' Usually the domain of survivali
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
The most important day in modern British political history and the country's leading political website goes down. Hmm...perhaps this is Ireland's latest contribution to the Brexit debate.
The idea that there is an establishment plot ignores the point that a large proportion of the MPs and ding-dongs backing a no deal Brexit are the establishment.
Your deal does not give us Brexit - we will be taken to the cleaners against the backstop. It is worse than Remain.
Your constituency party ought to deselect you - you are spouting gibberish. You stood on a manifesto to deliver Brexit - not a 'Star Chamber' Grand committee of self-aggrandising people who thinks the sun rises and sets at their command. Get over yourself. Your party is toast
brexit are still brits ok megacity got a bad review love a sothsider sothsiderand londoner though lookingglass loony vampires on the onus and a couple million millionyears old got it interview the fonze
How does #Brexit translate for businesses, especially IT companies, across the globe? #MarketResearch
UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote: via
kinda think that if you're an MP &amp; you don't understand why the backstop is necessary, or why EU can't divide 4 freedoms, or why concept of 'a WTO deal' is laughable, or why a 2nd ref is the only logical way forward, then you should resign. #BrexitChaos #BrexitVote #Brexit
Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal
Ramping up the pro EU and anti #brexit scaremongering now #biasedbbc
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit
Fuck me I can barely hold in a wee for the last 30 mins of a movie...
'The British government would have no legal obligation to either pay a €60bn Brexit bill mooted by the European commission or honour payments into the EU budget promised by the former prime minister David Cameron, according to analysis by the House of Lords EU financial affairs'
Gareth Johnson said “it has now become clear” the EU won’t budge on the Withdrawal Agreement - looks like this is following Juncker and Tusk’s letter today - more about that here from our reporter in Brussels: #Brexit
UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after Brexit? Government has astonishing record of fighting demands to meet legal obligations #environment #health #pollution
Did you read the manifesto you were elected upon ? I suggest you go away, educate yourself and come back when you have done so. You were voted in to deliver brexit not shape, fiddle, convert, change or ignore it.
All those things that we have determination to get will be a thousands times harder if brexit occurs. You're gambling our chance at seeing brexit off by going for GE. You will not win. You've alienated too many. A vote for you is a vote for brexit. Who do the remain turn to?
Once again forgets that no body in his constituents cares about his personal opinion. His one job as an MP is, and only job, is to represent those that voted for him. Those that voted for him DIDN’T vote for Brexit by over 15,000 majority. Also, just wondering if...
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
I liked a video BBC Newsroom Live at 12 14/01/2019 BREXIT DEAL VOTE, BREXIT LETTERS
Brexit is the urgent crisis of today - it will lead to years of uncertainty &amp; economic hardship, meaning more child poverty. Corbyn is in favour of Brexit. By the way, if Brexit happens but Corbyn’s Labour gets in soon, who do you think will be blamed for the resulting mess??
As a remainer, a general election is the last thing I want because the Tories could get a majority and driver their ideal brexit.
This is insane. Stop Brexit now.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns from government because he’s opposed to May’s Brexit deal #breakingnews #brexit
Is a whip resigning bad for the Tories? It sounds like it would be bad for the Tories: Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
I'll choose political disaster over economic danger anyday.
Worth another RT now it's 2019. Just updating the date in advance. #Brexit
Brexit Minister unable to explain why ’emergency’ loophole was used to give £13.8m contract to ferry firm with no ferries
#Wow Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
#GarethJohnson resigns: #Tory whip quits government ahead of #TheresaMay's #Brexit deal vote
It really is!!!!
Honda to halt production to mitigate Brexit disruption
Interesting to see the only government to be found in contempt of parliament now claiming MPs are morally bound to vote for her deal to preserve “faith” in democracy. Meanwhile, in a survey of my young students this morning, who did not get a say, all said #brexit was a mistake.
GBP up Before Brexit Storm, EUR Resilient, AUD Underperforms - US Market Open
Ok so voting down the deal is likely to result in no #Brexit . Sounds good to me. Not sure if meant that as a threat, but to me it sounds like hope.
self-flagellation not for you anymore, Gareth?
Theresa May warned “No Brexit” is more likely than “No Deal” urging MPs to back her bad deal. Utter contempt / disrespect by her &amp; MPs in upholding the majority vote to genuinely leave the EU. Her fake deal is NOT leaving the EU, the threat of “No Brexit” should be criminal.
#StockNews Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Chris voted leave, he wanted a EFTA/EEA brexit (and still would), however he now sees that is not what he is getting and has bregret as a result. It's clear he is not getting g a brexit anything like he voted for.
This is why Katie Hopkins was fired from LBC for telling the truth Brexit wont save Britain
"GBP up Before Brexit Storm, EUR Resilient, AUD Underperforms - US Market Open" Ahead of the crucial Brexit vote tomorrow evening, GBP is slightly firmer this morning. AUD underperforms on soft Chinese data.
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
The UK will struggle to survive Brexit without Scottish oil to leverage new trade deals. So we then have to ask ourself. Why are we giving away out oil to a foreign country and getting kicked in the balls for the privilege of doing so?
Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit
Remember to take care of yourself too. Brexit is important, but you are important too. If you end up breaking yourself, you can't oppose it.
Brexit inaction.
Continues to prop up the horror of a broken government!
Yes, it's a three-step with a lot of loopholes for Corbyn to continue backing Brexit. Vote down deal. Cool, expecting that tomorrow. Push for election. If no GE, "all options remain on the table". But that doesn't account for what happens IF an election happens.
Her traitors deal is nothing more than #BRINO, written by the #EU, #Theresamay &amp; her side kick civil servant slippery snake oil salesman slippery Oily Robbins. Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Another #Brexit nonentity bites the dust.
ok I’m not even joking she now said of her daughter “and now she’s become a lesbian”. I am creasing. The other lady says yes but she only has the one child so she is lucky. This is why I like to work in cafes sometimes because the chat is so much better than Brexit.
$USDCHF 4H: Buy Setup Unfolding #usdx #eurusd #gbpusd #usdcad #audusd #usdjpy #gbpjpy #BTC #ETH #rupee #xauusd #eurchf #nzdusd #aud #spx #ecb #yen #NK_F #nasdaq #djia #Brent #CAD #fomc #brexit #TradeWar #bund #BrexitVote
If Brexit is blocked or overturned then I can honestly see serious civil disruption along with democracy problems as no vote will EVER be accepted!!
ie a proposal which would give the EU every incentive to be completely unhelpful to any form of change other than Remain.
Good man #GarethJohnson #DitchTheDeal #GTO
#CAGEurope Shaw Communications quarterly profit jumps 68.5 pct #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
What threats have remainders made? We haven’t threatened riots or civil unrest because the facts of how bad brexit now be are coming to light and people are understanding that and don’t want that. Trying to turn back something on someone with no fact or basis is just sad
Scotland's message to you is simple - forget the games Theresa, you can take your Brexit and ram it!
#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit Theresa May is lying about the Assembly to prove a point about Brexit
could prob save us from #Brexit
Can a man get more deluded? Or is he just a cynical liar with a buck to make?
Denmark's prime minister said on Monday he had seen no positive developments in the Brexit negotiations since the British parliament postponed its vote in early December. "No positive Brexit developments since UK parliament postponed vote - Danish PM"
Can we fast forward to Tuesday
As the big vote on #Brexit looms a few quick thoughts as to how we got here:
The referendum was won on terms which raised fears about immigrants, including a vile racist campaign and a poster of non-white Syrian refugees fleeing war. Brexit is a disgrace to all right-thinking people in the UK. #PeoplesVote
The brexit con, a well-funded/resourced coup AGAINST normal Brits (and their jobs), to enable low tax/service economy and a lot of profit/buying opportutnities for the rich elites who paid for it...
Brexit has “completely turned my life upside down” via
I hope she's right. We need everyone in a position of power or responsibility to do their bit to delay, stall and stop brexit by whatever means possible.
Margaret Thatcher fought so hard to get us the best deal any country could get in the EU and now this generation of politicians want to throw it away! Brexit looks nothing like what was promised in the referendum lets keep the good deal we already have #Brexit
You know what you have to do.
I read Brexit news because I like being reminded that America's not alone on this cliff. But then I skim world news because I dislike being reminded HOW MUCH America is not alone on this cliff.
But please, let's not pretend that somehow by not doing Brexit the way May wants, Parliament would be defying (some) public opinion for the first time. It's done that before, and will do it again - because that's the system we have in the UK.
No you don't. You have a duty to do what is best for this country and that is not what you're planning - #Brexit - I'd rather we have no #brexit than a fucking mess which is exactly what we will end up in
If Jacob is member of a party that ultimately betrays Brexit what else would you suggest? If he left the Conservative party..which he will not.. it would be different ballgame.
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved #FBPE #Brexit
Currency specialists play down prospect of no-deal Brexit via
Pound Higher Ahead of Vote - 14 January 2019: The Pound Sterling remains close to a 7-week peak on hopes that the Prime Minister's last-ditch attempts to gain support for her Brexit proposal will be sufficiently successful to push through on tomorrow's…
Brexit wont save Britain, the English destroyed what Germany couldn't, mass immigration crime up no housing schools hospitals, pollution up due to over populated cities, ethnic cleansing of the white English race
Radio 2 discussing Brexit and Gout. Don't normally listen but no surprises there
I’m getting mad at myself for laughing.
Theresa May lies about the Welsh Assembly in bid to get MPs to back Brexit deal
#GBPUSD: UK Parliament still likely to reject May’s Brexit deal, but could the pound go higher anyway (perhaps after an initial drop)? ^FR #FX
No Brexit now more likely than a no-deal exit - May #worldnews
This is the stuff you learn in your first PoliSci semester.
Give the country the Brexit it voted for, not half-in-half-out. Back to basics - it’s the only way to deliver the referendum mandate.
DUP's Sammy Wilson 'happy' to vote down May's Brexit deal
How would a No Deal Brexit impact tech? &gt;&gt;&gt; #digitalhealth #socialmedia #digitalmarketing #healthtech #mhealth #IoT #industry40 #AI
Except take defeat gracefully
Ask her "When is the #GeneralElection? " #brexit
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal
Anxious Brits buying food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes' Usually the domain of survivali
#brexit may is up some sort of creek without a paddle
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
#RevokeArticle50 #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy look at who supports #Brexit and who doesn't. It tells ups all you need to know.
Never a truer explanation
This shows why, when a PeoplesVote comes, it must be binary with Remain as an option. Because a 3-way vote introduces incoherence and uncertainty. Think: suppose a 3-way vote goes 48 Remain 29 No Deal 21 May Deal. Who has won? 48, or total for some sort of Brexit 52? FPTP or PR?
Which country?
Yup when relegation looms get bitter
Just in case there was any chance of getting Remain MPs to support her deal rather than risk no-deal, Theresa jumps in with both feet to make sure that won’t happen. Well done. No, really….
Clearly nothing has got through. The deal is all one way how dare you breathe the words no brexit
Remainer Theresa May never wanted a Brexit to begin with. Her strategy from day one was obtaining the worst deal possible in order to remain in the EU against the will of the people..
No. I'm saying that any Conservative or Labour MP who wants to "stop Brexit" ought to stand down and seek re-election on that policy.
So tell me 'people's vote'(PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal &amp;'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #politicslive
Cool let’s do that then
The point is that the remain camp keep telling us that older brexit voters have stolen the future from younger generations. This picture proves remain is supported by many older voters; and YOU have just confirmed nobody’s future is being stolen by Brexit.
SNP2013/14:who gives a chuff about Europe? SNP2016:Who gives a chuff about Europe. Let’s spend more on a by-election. SNP2016:Brexit result. Ooh, maybe we can use this to boost indy.. SNP2017:Lose seats. SNP2019: Nationalism eats itself. All over the shop.Political weather vanes.
#UPDATE: Gareth Johnson has quit his role as a Government whip to vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal. In a statement he said the deal “would be detrimental to our nation’s interests”.
Brexit is in peril if divorce deal voted down, UK PM May warns
1300? The last time I looked around 180,000 people lived in Sunderland! I can assure you that 70% of them do not want a no deal Brexit.
He needs to see his P45 and soon and others like him!
BREAKING: Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal
The U.K. as a legal entity ceases to exist. Brexit means Brexit.
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
#Breaking : UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote | Via: #UK #London #Britain #TheresaMay #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #AngelaMerkel #Europe…
Quick way to say "Fuck you" to 17.5 million people.
That's not to say there are no parallels between Trump and Brexit (there are), or the two are entirely disconnected (clearly, there's some overlap to the context of both). But the UK and US are not "subject to a single ideological weather system".
Interesting.
Where are you going to get the money from after you destroy our economy with your brexit plans Jeremy we do need a left wing government but not one that you are leader of.
Why are we tought History? So we can learn from past mistakes. 2 years ago we voted Brexit. Now we have facts and we know it’s wrong. When Brexit becomes part of History, we wished we could turn back in time and undo it.
Brexit talks with Sam Gyimah MP #brexit #ukparliament
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
"I cannot, in all conscience, support the government's position when it is clear this deal would be detrimental to our nation's interests" Gareth Johnson resigns as government whip over May's #Brexit deal
So you aren't going to address the fact the most of us want a second referendum. Most of the Labour party want a second referendum and that's what most of the people want. That's what we the many want, not the few like you who want brexit.
If he backs Brexit he would lose an election. Please don't delude yourself.
Thread. There's no jobs first Brexit. Any kind of Brexit is a disaster. #TellThemTheTruth #RevokeArticle50
Remainers unite to call for second Brexit poll - on Theresa May's deal or staying in EU #brexit
Tories know following May is the political equivalent of digging your own grave. We voted Brexit betrayal of the public vote equals the destruction of democracy. Come the next election there's a lot of politicians who won't be returned to Westminster!
What does 'no deal' Brexit mean, and how would it affect daily life in the UK? via
Finfacts: RT PickardJE: would be a shame if this story didn’t get noticed because of the usual Brexit furore: company linked to Philip Hammond paid only £5,964 of tax on £1.6m of profits over nine years
Are lies per speech a metric for world leaders these days?
Another Tory who thinks that brexit is bonkers. But you spin it the way you want eh? Paid your fine for electoral fraud yet
LBC's part of a huge American Corporation.
BREAKING: The Conservative MP for Dartford, Gareth Johnson, has resigned as a Government whip in order to oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal. #HeartNews
Finfacts: RT mrjamesob: “...if you are heavily invested in emerging markets with little or no protection of workers &amp; wages; terrified of the incoming EU tax avoidance legislation, an advocate of disaster capitalism and/or poised to make a killing on a t…
Was just thinking while listening Terry how boring and old these pro Brexit arguments are now.
Have an opinion on Brexit? From East London? Want to share your views? Get in contact: reporting on Brexit this week.
Brian Monteith knows France well and he counsels against Gilet Jaunes-style agitation in Britain. The Brexit power struggle has been peaceful but I fear when other countries decide to leave the EU, hardball tactics by Brussels risk an explosion.
Look it up.
Not Gareth Johnson?! If Sleve Mcdichael goes it could be curtains for May
Why is a no-deal Brexit any more Democratic than May's Deal, Canada + or no Brexit? Leaders of the Brexit campaign specifically wrote off the possibility of no deal during the referendum. They were wrong and now the voters know it.
No deal Brexit!! Macron as le Roi Soleil, Merkel as Dulle Griet (Mad Meg), and the appalling Jean-Claude Juncker drunk.
Gareth Johnson's resignation letter. #Brexit
Of course we believe these two don’t we? Jean-Claude Juncker and European Council president Donald Tusk have released a letter offering clarifications to the UK’s Withdrawal Agreement, stating Brussels “does not wish to see the backstop enter into force
You gave up the right to comment on #brexit you old gammon when you went to Brussels and asked Michel Barnier to offer the UK the worst deal possible.
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'
Great view across the Mersey and the docks before #brexit causes delays
Possibly fair. I think the main thing has to be the large drop in JC's personal numbers since the election, although I always feel that is to a certain extent a tautology (maybe his personal numbers have dropped because of his Brexit position)
vote down a deal and Theresa will vote down Brexit
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
In its usual whimpish way, Parliament will probably pass the decision making buck back to the British people. After all, the first priority of a politician is political survival and Brexit has tested that.
But yes, in the event of a general election not happening, Labour did democratically vote to leave all options on the Brexit table. The Labour leader is not a dictator.
Staying IN is the new going out #remainers #brexit #Remain #stayinginisthenewgoingout #BetterTogether #bettertogether2019
#Brexit It would now seem that the PM can't even marshal the whips.
Doesn't lay out what platform or manifesto. Corbyn has said twice in as many weeks he'd want to continue to negotiate Brexit, ergo supporting Brexit would likely be on the manifesto, or certainly on the manifesto Corbyn would want.
What is the best outcome from tomorrow's vote for the green economy? No one knows for sure, but anything but a 'no deal' has to be the priority.
Apart from the initial vote undemocratically being based on lies we were promised a certain type of brexit that hasn't materialised. Isn't it only fair to go back to the people to decide?
Plenty of surplus EU flags we could use if it really comes to this! #brexit #LetsGoWTO
Remind me. How many Brexit secretaries have we had now?
Please vote, &amp; retweet for a larger sample
100+ Euro-parliamentarians urge UK to reconsider #Brexit
The Tory Party WILL be blamed and will probably never recover from the damage it does to itself.
If you’re trying to force through Brexit, why would you?
Watch how quickly find a different backdrop - now that #Leave is muscling on their carefully staged free publicity for #Remain! #Brexit
Government whip Gareth Johnson has resigned as he can not support the Theresa May #Brexit deal
Theresa May is launching a last-ditch attempt to save her #Brexit deal.
Not the first time I’ve had visions of John Hurt in Alien during this whole sorry episode. (Brexit, not her pregnancy) - best of luck and congratulations by the way.
63000 NHS staff are EU nationals any views on how Brexit will have a positive impact on the NHS? The UK Treasury admits being in the EU has a strong positive effect on trade and as a result the UK would be worse off if it left the EU. But yes the UK will be “sovereign” again.
70 year old Yorkshireman makes shock pro-Brexit rant #warnock #Brexit #eebagum
ROLL UP! ROLL UP! COME AND GET YOUR BREXIT SURVIVAL BOXES! ONLY £300!#
Ok. You want to go down that route I can bring the video of that man saying he voted Leave because he was fed up of all the muslims coming here. So how is your personal view of brexit more valid than his view?
Just try. I’ll book the week off the protests
Neil Warnock is a top drawer gammster.
Jeremy Corbyn claims he loves the #NHS, so why doesn’t he watch this film, agree with the Royal College of Nursing and the BMA, and support a #peoplesvote to save our NHS from #Brexit.
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved
A flawed argument as demographic changes means the number of Remain supporters grows by 235,000 each year, while the number of Leave backers falls by 260,000.
The people also have a democratic right to insist the the elected government comply with their direction on #Brexit perhaps those that work against the public should also be arrested for working against their Sovereign, the laws of the country and the people
Please vote on this Sky poll regarding leaving the EU, remaining in the EU or Mays deal and retweet, we have to get our opinion out there.....again, because the referendum was obviously not enough
'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears -THIS really shows the dire and utter mess that we are in!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hitachi to decide on fate of UK nuclear plant #brexit
Basically Mays task is to eliminate all alternative options to leave her deal v no deal. At that point the eu should cave. Right now they still believe brexit can be stopped or softened
Agreed, we always had a social contract that whilst MPs didn't always support policies we agreed with, they were overall acting in our best interests. Their actions over Brexit have exposed this as a fallacy. On one matter, we have given them clear instructions &amp; they ignore us.
Are you interested in current affairs, politics and history? Or do you just want to learn a bit more about the dreaded B word (Brexit)? Join the YUSU Working Class Network on Thursday as they present Rule Britannia: Brexit and the end of Empire. More info:
Brexit leading to Dickensian conditions for British children.
#BREAKING Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party quits over #Brexit deal
If he was a 'proper Brexiteer', he would not have been working for the EU's agent May to force through her effective cancellation of Brexit, labelled as 'Brexit'. The Tory rat MPs are choosing sides purely based on which side they think will be best for their future careers.
Not that I would vote Labour with how dreadful they have been in Scotland but if they back May's Brexit deal I would never vote for them in my lifetime. #Brexit
I hope he doesn't stand alone
Absolutely worth a watch!
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension #FBPE #PeoplesVote #Brexit
"That does not sound like a coup to me” Labour MP Stephen Kinnock on his membership of cross-party Norway-Plus group whose #Brexit plan has been leaked BBC Papers: Brexit updates: #politicslive
What??? We might not recover from No Brexit? We have the best deal we could ever have, and we could keep that if we remained, and Fox tries to tell us that we might not recover. Will people actually be taken in by this? Worrying.
Shippers look to air freight in a bid to offset the potential repercussions of a ‘no deal’ Brexit: #Industry #News #Logistics #SupplyChain #Shippers #AirFreight #Repercussions #Risk #NoDeal #Brexit #FreightForwarder #AirCargo
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
UK will join in... just to deflect #brexit. T May wins GE as UK goes in with a ferry and a traffic jam plan.
It WAS about Brexit. It was YOU who started venting your hate of DT, who was not the subject of it, because you saw his name on a site, and decided that the site is bad, without reading its contents. Are just as prejudiced about Brexit?
Theresa May speech today in Stoke ...... #TheresaMay #Brexit #ToriesOut #JC4PM
So you’re telling me that by voting against May, parliament can stop Brexit? What’s the catch?
What’s a lot more than ‘slightly ridiculous’ is your rage to overturn a democratic vote, your devotion to the EU, your contempt for most of the citizens in this country, and your arrogant belief you know better than them. #Brexit
BBC News - The top five #Brexit questions, answered
Gin’s Journey in Britain, From ‘Mother’s Ruin’ to a Hipster Drink just in time for Brexit
As if anyone knows what happens next with #Brexit! #stressful
Spotting a gap in the market.
On the eve of the Brexit vote I'm wondering how many leave supporters didn't care when Scotland voted 52/48% in favour of devolution in 1979 but it was denied to them by Westminster on a technicality.
Anxious Brits buying food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes' Usually the domain of survivali
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit #BusinessNews
“I don’t believe” is not as strong as “I will not/never”. All carefully crafted Remain sentences.
Just wait until Brexiteers find that after Brexit the have to pay duty &amp; excise tax on the wine they bring back from Calais.
Quite! and the trouble is that Brexit seems certain to make the country poorer and that this will impact the poorest the most. So it is a poverty issue in my mind.
Here is Gareth Johnson MP's letter of resignation. #BrexitVote #Brexit #Leave
Since the Brexit vote the pound has fallen in value against each of the currencies used by the world's 16 biggest economies. Before the referendum the pound was worth $1.45 and €1.30, but now stands 11pc and 15pc lower against the two currencies respectively.Aug 18, 2017
"It is now my judgment that the more likely outcome [if MPs reject May's deal] is a paralysis in parliament that risks there being no Brexit," says the PM. Bring it on! #BrexitShambles #ToriesOut #PeoplesVote
Gove 'not an astrologer' but I'm going to predict the #maybot will not be PM by end of this week. #notanastrologer #brexit #brexitshambles via
British politics has been stuck for almost three years. Time to get on with Brexit, says #OpenFuture
There is no mandate for a hard Brexit either. Crash out, and the electorate will turn on Parliament.
Beyond Brexit – Nigeria wants a new trade deal with Britain, by Atiku Abubakar
And the Welsh Assembly Ref had nowhere near the same repercussions as Brexit...and no one suggested it had been won by comprehensive cheating or Russian Interference.
Let me tell you Mrs. May that catastrophic harm has already been caused by you and your remain cronies.
If Parliament cannot agree on the terms of Brexit, the British people must decide in a second referendum, argues #OpenFuture
Is there any solution to the twin political stalemates of independence and Brexit? In fact there is:
Who would have been. UKIPs never managed to win a seat in a UK GE IRRC and they might be pro brexit but they in fight more than the tories.
The Kooks are making a comeback!!
ICYMI: The corpulent generals.
Brexiteer Gareth Johnson has resigned as a Conservative whip today because he cannot support Theresa May’s Brexit deal. He says the deal “prevents us taking back control and instead could leave us perpetually constrained by the EU” ”
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
For those concerned about loo roll running out in a no deal Brexit, I am reliably informed will continue to write articles. These make an excellent substitute.
#brexit that would be terrible if we were caught (short) between two stools
Cracking alternative topics to Brexit right now on : gout symptoms and scented candles
He's right of course. But the brexiter faithful is determined to march into the flames. So No Brexit it will ultimately be.
I'm sure this is true really I am. This is not a personal attack on a committed socialist. I feel he hesitated too long &amp; supports #Brexit, which means I cannot support him. My husband's a Dutch national we have dual nationality children, I am British, but #European. I'm scared.
If the Whips are quitting because they can't support a deal, the Government is dead.
AMW has the intellectual understanding to be the best PM or MP in Britain join &amp; vote for a commonsense #ForBritain party
If you’re a Solicitor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it via
BREAKING...apart, the Tory Party that is. #bbcwato
Beyond Brexit – Nigeria wants a new trade deal with Britain, by Atiku Abubakar
Means he can vote against the Prime Minister's Brexit deal NB resigns as whip rather complete MP resignation
Letter from the Presidents of the EU Council and to Prime Minister Theresa May #Brexit
just so I know then do all football clubs have a position on brexit ??? what nonsense are cardiff talking re brexit ??? do all 92 teams have an official policy on brexit
Talking of political dysfunction...
Here's getting stuck into Brexit. I'm so happy right now.
PS what's your opinion on the Irish border and the GFA? How does that fit in to WTO brexit?
No they are not! There is no time for a 2nd referendum, between now &amp; 29/03/19! It’s all hot air to scare leavers into backing a deal that’s actually WORSE than just remaining! And you should be ashamed of yourself for giving it oxygen!
(100+ Euro-parliamentarians urge UK to reconsider Brexit) has been published on Cyprium News -
Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because May's deal gives control to the EU rather than taking it back, WHICH THE MAJORITY OF HIS CONSTITUENTS VOTED FOR.
Pentagram promotes civil disobedience with “Acid Brexit”
"Strange bed-fellows", huh? But if the DUP are inadvertently going to help to destroy #Brexit then I'm temporarily happy to believe that the world is 6,000 years old, climate-change isn't real etc. etc. etc... Back to normal once continued full EU membership is achieved.
Disgusting the choice being May's awful deal or remain ....
One of the few honourable politicians in our parliament. I don't know why they don't just move over to en mass in order that at the next election we have a party to vote for.
Why would you bother with #bbcwato? just so biased #pravda #radiogammon
#London - From those : Final #EU madness: If #Brexit is delayed Brits will vote for an EU #government in MAY!
This is ‘the brexit effect’.
May's threat of her deal or no #Brexit is hilarious. "If you don't do as I tell you I swear to God I won't be crashing this car!"
Time to move on? Prime Minister’s final appeal on eve of crucial Brexit vote
I still think a general election in the short term is unlikely and unhelpful. But it’s sufficiently possible that the Tory and Labour People’s Vote campaigners need to think about what party they should stand for. A Brexit election needs to offer fair choices to the public.
i don’t know what brexit is, you don’t know what brexit is, the uk gov don’t know what brexit is, even brexit doesn’t know what brexit is
`bbcnews Mark carney to assist our bought and paid for "government" in its struggle with brexit and what terror he might say it will hold up until 2020. The preferred tory version of the EU.
No positive Brexit developments since UK parliament postponed vote - Danish PM
Ah, the "biggest vote in history" lie. Check the numbers for the 1992 election (the one John Major won). Bigger in absolute numbers, and in percentage turnout. Lying is so ingrained in leavers nowadays that they don't even pause to draw breath before trotting another one out
No Brexit, no Liam Fox. Hardly a disaster.
Good news, lads.
In 2 1/2 years the government has got virtually no ducks in a row on Brexit. One of the things it has been sure to put in place are new charges for EU nationals who have legally been here for years. Vile.
Brent, the home of London’s biggest community of EU nationals, will host a public meeting about Brexit tonight, January 14, on the eve of the Parliament vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal.
This illustrates pretty well why Parliament needs serious reform.
Thank you #Brexit is a huge opportunity for Britain and it's timely if the economic reports &amp; forecasts coming out of Germany and the Eurozone are anything to go by. It doesn't mean an future FTA cannot be negotiated with the EU post our actual Exit. #VoteNo
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for Brexit vote
Lesson? Owning brexit? I'm remain but honestly lives are at stake at the moment between this nasty callous tory party and a lab party that wants fairness, equality and social justice for all. I'm pleased for you that remain would solve all ur probs, others r not as fortunate
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'
Parliament can't destroy brexit. Only the Gov't can alter the statute that we leave on 29/3. That is still the case. May might try other means of delaying it by asking for an extension of A50. But, ultimately, we will leave EU. #GoWTO
Hello it is possible the problem highlighted by #brexit [of] inter relational stability between nations, can be resolved [using] a different language appealing [to] a less abrasive imagining of sovereignty through converging equilibria of a non sovereign standard
quick question, I’m going on holiday in May? Would you take Euro’s out today? Before the big vote tomorrow? Or do you think there’ll not that much effect #brexit
well there you are
#BREAKING Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal
Seems he knows less about football than he does about brexit
Another Tory lie they can’t cope with a no deal brexit the city will never forgive them and that’s their bread and butter and she knows it
Pull the vote or lose at this stage. May has to be toast this time. Surely!
Corbyn has got it wrong, we dont want a GE tom we want to stop brexit first then have a GE
hey man Carole she dead rite to cos man #brexit prove to us man ou mps dead weak an pathetic oh man thy dead weird to
Making it up as he goes along Michael. As per... I hear we'll have a string of unicorns in every field after a No Deal Brexit and the streets will be paved with ...
#Brexit I'm trying not to read every crazy article re the UK political soap opera of the decade (century?) but when it's about MY Welsh town, my other home, with video interviews about...
Read this...
Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position'
With warning and EU letter, May tries to pull MPs behind Brexit deal – Reuters
It was bound to happen. Hopefully tomorrow is the day that Brexit dies so Brexiters are out in force with their last minute desperate attempts to grind us down. Stay strong and take care of yourself. The end is in sight.
BREXIT
EU preparing to delay Brexit until at least July
No Deal Brexit. Save £39bn. Trade with the rest of the world. THRIVE!!! #LoveEuropeHateTheEU
It’s not about being unhappy with the result no one voted for this mess brexit is a shambles no one voted to screw our country over I have no problem with us leaving it’s brexit I have a problem with
GBP up Before Brexit Storm, EUR Resilient, AUD Underperforms – US Market Open Ahead of the crucial Brexit vote tomorrow evening, GBP is slightly firmer this morning. AUD underperforms on soft Chinese data. below short link
#CAGEurope Citigroup adjusted profit rises 14 pct on lower expenses #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Another six months of this Brexit melarky. That's almost enough to make me wish for a hard brexit in march....
Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous, writes
The ERG are not the Govt though and have no power. You may share their opinions, but they were not democratically elected to negotiate Brexit. Davies and Raab both quit as Brexit Secretary, and JRM failed to dethrone May.
That's virtue for you instead of virtue signalling, clearly a brexit boi.
another one goes #getrid of may lame duck pm
#Breaking : UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote | Via: #UK #TheresaMay #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #AngelaMerkel #Europe #Macron #France…
I didn't vote. Don't even live in the country. But I am aware that Brexit could turn out a fair bit more cringe worthy than David Davis originally promised. And I am very concerned about my Irish relatives.
I thought they should have another vote for a long time. When after the vote passed, as I recall one, of the top Google searches was ‘what is Brexit?’ in the U.K.!
Treasonous, lying, old gammon accuses others of crimes when he went to Brussels and asked Michel Barnier to give the UK the worst possible #brexit deal.
And never will be which is why Labour have to do something active to stop brexit rather than the constant whine for a GE, you ain't got the votes so it ain't going to happen. So any chance you guys might want to help us get #FinalSay or #RevokeA50 while we wait for 2022?
Welsh independence referenda held to legal standards absent for the Brexit campaigns, arranged for by your party. We have never had a referenda held to so low legal standards and then supported the result, certainly not with the rabidity you display.
The UK used to be a democratic country, if Brexit fails then we are run by dictators in parliament. SACK ALL MP’s THAT VOTE AGAINST BREXIT!
Watford MP put 1 sticker on Brexitometer ag. bad for jobs Interesting later on in same programme comes Alex from Watford-stating UK needed #Peoplesvote We heartily agree as do 2 Leave voters who came to Adonis talk who have now written are #Remainernow
Do these MPs not have to work a 4 week notice period? Fs
Well said ... if we believe that #Brexit isn’t having an impact on our mental health we are only saving up problems for further down the line
Wagner and Klopp are irl mates so I imagine their positions would be similar. They both strike me as anti-Brexit tbf
Astonishing that this is necessary (under a female PM!!!!) - but I have nothing but admiration for for doing this.
What's patriotic about trashing your country with Brexit?
Shes been trying to say different things to different people. Frightening remainers with No deal, frightening the ERG with No Brexit.
WHAT A TWAT,A LIAR NEEDS A GOOD MEMORY,AND THIS LIAR HASN'T GOT ONE.
The only thing is, mp's like you shaping brexit means staying in. You were voted in on a manifesto to leave. Silly of people to think you would be honest and honourable. Self serving definitely.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal
Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
Your deal especially with the backstop doesn’t respect the ref result. it’s a remainers brexit ‘Assurances’ the back stop won’t be used are meaningless. If no one wants it take it out all together.We voted to leave,do the job you were given or step aside &amp; let someone else do it
This is nothing to do with Brexit, sad you’ve hijacked an awful experience &amp; linked it to Leave result. As a mixed race couple living in Middle East we were frequently spat at &amp; subjected to abusive comments by Muslims but it was their mindset due to lack of education.
Canada, U.K. in 'informal talks' on trade ahead of key Brexit vote | CBC News
Theresa May makes a last-ditch attempt to save her Brexit deal, with a speech in an anti-EU stronghold via
Not exactly proof that Brexit voters aren't stupid.
Any CLP members watching this? CONTACT HIM NOW.. urge him to think again. We cannot have Brexit at any price...&amp; anyway this isn’t even Brexit...
If it means checking goods and making sure illegal immigrants, contraband and drugs are found and stopped then so be it. We need to stop the scarmongering, everyone will want continuity and smooth running post Brexit.
Papers are, yes, but very few are owned in isolation. The owners are using them as a mouthpiece to promote a Brexit that will be beneficial for them. The front page of a newspaper is an advert for the owner's financial interests, rather than unadulterated truth,
You being v selective about how you intend to shape Brexit tho
No Brexit now more likely than a no-deal exit - May
Police advise shops to hire extra security for no-deal #Brexit. As a country, we are self-harming #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote #BrokenDemocracy #BrexitShambles #BrexitLies
That would be perfect and in keeping with the precedents set by the two previous Brexit secretaries. Davis resigned after Chequers, Raab resigned after the deal was published, how fitting for Barclay to resign as Brexit Secretary literally hours before the vote on the brexit deal
Wonder if there will ever be a day Jake Macdonald doesn’t tweet about Brexit
"We are heading at the moment for a no deal. I don’t think that would be a political or economic success for this country. For this party, it would be a disaster" Tory MP on #Brexit vote Brexit updates: #politicslive
This sounds sensible and eminently reasonable: change the default setting from no deal to remain. Failsafe. It's also precisely what I have been advocating for the last two months, though that is no doubt nothing more than a coincidence. Interested to hear your thoughts
If I were Theresa , after losing the vote tomorrow, Announce Brexit is over , we are staying in the EU. That would be the best thing for everyone.
Brexit can still be blocked, PM May warns rebels as key vote looms:
And it means absolutely nothing at all. It's still a Treaty NOT a trade deal. The fact they confirm that the transition can be extended literally proves that they have no intention of agreeing a trade deal in a reasonable time frame. How unsettling for business &amp; the country!
he loves brexit cos he thinks the break-up of the eu will help catalonian independence imo
If loses her #Brexit vote tomorrow one of three things should be triggered: (1) General Election; (2) Referendum on the Deal; or (3) Formation of a cross-party National Gov’t. Nothing less will diffuse the political crisis.
Bird owners more likely to vote Leave and rat owners more likely to vote Remain - who pays for this sort of tosh?
Bob Seely claims MPs voting down May’s Brexit deal are the elite revolting against democracy How can a man with so little grasp of reality, integrity, democracy or the constitution of this country be an MP for anywhere?
In the manner of D day, a suggestion on the Phillips phone in that #brexit should be called B day. Classic.
I'm thinking of the whole Welsh Assembly / Brexit Referendum comparison.
Don't belive the world will end with brexit either
You were only elected on a manifesto pledge to honour Brexit not stop it therefore if you had any honour or integrity you'd realise you would not be an MP had you had your current beliefs but lied to get voted in therefore in good conscience you and Dominic Grieve should resign
*Correction*: The arrogance of the Government, who, when faced with a challenging test, walk arrogantly into the room hoping to coast through the negotiations making it all up as they go along.
Page 6 of the #wetherspoons #brexit propaganda just dropped through my door. Unicorns. The joke writes itself.
This is the result when people with knowledge and experience sit back and don’t vote in the first place miscalculating the power of raw emotion and zealots who play on it!
Yet another potential illegality attributed to the leave campaign. #StopBrexit #FBPE
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Government in a statement on Facebook saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government" (SKY)
I've literally pissed my Mrs of for about a year about Brexit put my right wind agenda in front of my family, I'm starting to wonder weather this is all a FF as Cameron got shot by a Muslim.
There's nothing uglier than a prostitute who has stripped down and has done all her best to #Seduce However, the customer is still #Reluctant Summary of what is doing with #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
The minute you put a remainer in charge of Brexit the writing was on the wall ! Treachery at its best !
British politics, early 2019.
God knows what's happening right now in the House of Parliament, it's an absolute shambles. No doubt May's deal will be rejected tomorrow, a possible no confidence motion by Labour to force an early General Election. This is such a mess! #Brexit
Gove’s ‘this country’s had enough of experts’ unforgivable imo
Let’s tell sky news where we stand.
To all you remoaning MPs, failure to deliver Brexit will mean no future Parliament. The people have had enough of you dishonourable shower. #Parliament #Brexit
You could write the exact same tweet and substitute #climatechange for #brexit. And many in the ERG are also climate deniers
'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears #ohdear!
This video is only 15 minutes long, has a lot of truthful information rather than the BS that is shat out by our politicians. Plus it's narrated by Stephen Fry, so it's got to be be great!
No matter the party they're in all colliding to stop brexit.
Yes I know and he is too busy putting up anti-Brexit posters all over London to even notice what is actually happening in the EU. Spending our taxpayers money on pro-EU propaganda.
I thought you said Brexit wouldn’t happen. You still may be proven right
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
There is no letter - there is no backstop end date. #Brexit #NoDeal #NoDealBrexit #NoDealNoProblem
What could happen after the Brexit vote?
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit
Soon to follow in his father's footsteps to the overflowing Brussels trough I suppose.
Let’s start with the latter. In the Brexit debate you hear “leaving the single market is a disaster” from one side, “the single market doesn’t matter” from another. The very same people might very well say the opposite when it comes to Scotland and the single market is the UK’s.
Even the Tory whips are off...
Or Brexit. I'm a Brit. Trust me, this analogy works well.
Absolutely the benefits of EU membership go far beyond the trade deals. People speaking of a trade deal post brexit ignore this fact
So called. indeed . I came into labour to support the leadership and party not force him into a corner so that my bidding takes precedent .I do not have the skills or experience to lead the party . Getting the Greens out would help
The obvious solution for Labour will be to tend a motion of "No Confidence" and put the wheels in motion for a G/E. If this farce is allowed to continue just to satisfy Mrs. May's ego this country will be doomed for as long as she is allowed to continue.
The job losses have begun, the economy has slowed considerably, the £ is down 16%, relocations of jobs have been triggered and insolvencies are on the rise. Pay attention - brexit hasn’t even happened yet and the consequences are for all to see
Best explanation yet
Since I learned I'm moving, my thoughts on Brexit have been roughly "come at me bro". Today, after reading what little is known about citizens' rights, I'm distinctly more nervous. Brexit - and no deal especially - no longer feels like something to shitpost about.
Never trust a Tory
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
BBC lunchtime , how brexit will affect business? why do you only do negative brexit stories , ? How far up the bum of the eu are you
52% voted out! They were duped! Fed lies and now look - it’s come back to bite everyone on the arse! What about the remaining 48% of the UK?? Do what is right for the UK and stop the joke that is Brexit #RevokeA50
&amp; employees told by their employer to go self employed! Anyway deal isn't leaving. #BREXIT #NODEAL #WTO
I think you should get the Boss to tweet her as well, Stevie.
People an MP's going on about ques at yhe ports because of lorry checks. Lets put it into prospective shall we, having the lorry checks at ports would stop us having lorry loads of illegal migrants coming through in the backs of trucks! #NoDealNoProblem #NoDealBrexit #Brexit
Good
But she is not stopping it. She is voting down the current version of Brexit leading to more months and years of uncertainty. Classic Labour 'clear strategy'. I guess it her best shot of avoiding deselection?
Nation before party. Can't say I blame the guy. Pretty ballsy move.
I think that UK companies post -Brexit outside the EU will face product equivalence /compliance issues as much as they will face tariff barriers.
Why tell this lie when it’s so easily debunked?
This is fucking shameful
Britain has staged a mass truck jam to test how traffic might flow in the event of a no-deal Brexit
If you’re light on vegan anti-Brexit atheist humanists (so right about everything)...
He'll have even less to do then, seeing as he does nothing in #Dartford already!
LIVE: Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote
Thread. The people's voice must be heard! Brexit is a disaster, whatever form it takes. #TellThemTheTruth #RevokeArticle50
That's a dumb question. We all have an INTEREST in the EU. Trade deals, FoM, frictionless borders, Galileo, ERASMUS etc etc. Brexit/Lexit leaves us all worse off. #PeoplesVoteNow
The political classes are manoeuvring to block Brexit. Voters' faith in our democracy may never recover -
"To hell with the rest of the world." Neil Warnock has given his views on Brexit... now Cardiff City have had their say. More here:
Odd that the commission neglected to investigate itself.. or even that there was any bias.. the the establishment doesn’t even hide the facts it wants to remain..
Could no-deal #Brexit lead to loo roll logjam? #dontpanic #stockup #bulkbuy
Only the anti Corbyn cult, would deny Jeremy Corbyn has played the Tories to a tee regarding #Brexit. He has May in a strangle hold she can't get out of. Only he and his team can deliver the right deal for the UK. As usual Corbyn was ahead of the rest.
Do you have a view on the use of ECT to treat mental illness in teenagers?
Hundreds of photographers have camped out in Beijing to capture a rare sighting of a European robin, which has been nicknamed "the Brexit refugee"
Thank you working so hard with and organising such a great meaningful interactive conference. We were all had chance to express our concerns to the politicians loud and clear. #business #Brexit
I mean may get few billion off as that was no doubt implementation period cost related but this £39bn saving is like the lying NHS stat on side of a bus all over again.... #Brexit
“What we have is an establishment ganging up, frantic, to stop no deal, because no deal does mean leaving” Tory MP on #Brexit vote Brexit updates:
Hardline remainers don’t care about the EU. They’re driven by contempt for the working class, and they’ll do anything, however dishonest or underhand, to stop Brexit. Now tell us something we don’t know.
Yeah, because petulant leave voters haven’t been telling remainers to shut up about Brexit this whole time. Guess what mate, we won’t! Fuck Brexit!:)
within the next 7 days odds for Theresa May getting a yes vote to a brexit deal?
No matter how closely aligned the two front bench #Brexit visions are, labour MP’s will always vote against any proposition made by a Tory government in fear of constituency deselection as they may be seen to be propping up the government. An impossible task.
‘Holyhead Breakwater at Dusk’. Angling for a book cover for the project? Documenting the challenged port town of Holyhead as it faces a changing future. #brexit #documentaryphotography #documentingbritain #documentingwales #anglesey #cymru
++++Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal +++++
It probably doesn't say a lot for the zeal of your whipping operation up to this point, if one of your whips resigns to vote against you. #Brexit
Bad gateway error message - they've clearly been hacked by remain establishment trying to stop brexit.
nah he'll start the brexit midfield as always
It has no legal effect whatsoever
1/ There's a pattern evolving. We, anti-Brexit folks are discussing stuff when Brexiteer pops up spouting forth rubbish. This is pointed out to Brexiteer who then instantly vanishes and becomes conspicuous by continued silence. In fact, is never heard of again. Hmm!
Why May's Deal Will Fail in Parliament - Brexit Explained
Opportunities to ask questions about Brexit in Algorfa, Alicante - The Leader Newspaper Online
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
Been my view for years.
Good grief! That *actually*makes sense... Cos as opposed to the 50 shades of Brexit there is one remain, which we all seem to agree on. Happy Days :)
Surely Theresa May has to quit.? Has she got no shame this woman ? Rudderless May
I simply do not get the logic behind an article 50 extension. The EU made it clear that there is nothing more to negotiate; and what could happen within the UK that would make a difference? Let´s face it: #Brexit will be a disaster, and there is not much anyone can do about it
Sammy Wilson doesn't understand his own job.
Posted...
Again, this far down the line &amp; here is yet more idiotic ignorance being displayed by people whose job it is to know better. Once more for the idiots at the back not paying attention; If you put an end date on it it's not a fucking backstop.
"I cannot, in all conscience, support the government's position when it is clear this deal would be detrimental to our nation's interests" Gareth Johnson resigns as government whip over May's #Brexit deal
This Lord found better words to describe the same thought:
Posted...
"That does not sound like a coup to me” Labour MP Stephen Kinnock SKinnock on his membership of cross-party Norway-Plus group whose #Brexit plan has been leaked BBC Papers: Brexit updates: #politicsli…
May's Brexit deal will crash us into a political iceberg and sink the UK
"We are heading at the moment for a no deal. I don’t think that would be a political or economic success for this country. For this party, it would be a disaster" Tory MP GeorgeFreemanMP on #Brexit vote Brexit updates: #polit…
Don't Dilly Dali On The May! #cartoonatnoon #Brexit
Corbyn/JMcD are Leavers like their hero Tony Benn. Unfortunately their young supporters are not. If you think the U.K. should be in the EU then only the Lib Dens will do.
Posted...
“What we have is an establishment ganging up, frantic, to stop no deal, because no deal does mean leaving” Tory MP OwenPaterson on #Brexit vote Brexit updates:
Your caller saying "Britain should show what it is all about, we should have gone in hard line with EU" . What we have shown in last 30 mths is we couldn't organise a p. up in a brewery! #Brexit
Kept quiet on this till now. Suspect that the shambolic handling of #brexit is so Govt can blame anything post Brexit on Brexit. Public sector is on its knees because of poor political decisions. But May won't hang around just like the last PM. Not to worry though.
Not at all I’m saying no one voted for this mess brexit is nothing but a shambles people voted to leave not screw our country over
Sitting here in Ireland and the Radio News is talking about mess-it...aka Brexit. smdh what.a.mess. No deal Brexit is WORSE than NO Brexit imho.
In amongst all the Brexit news, I just wanted to congratulate my fave racist for winning Private Eye’s Jewish Humour Award! Nisar couldn’t have done it without , who still refuses to speak out against him- congrats guys! #LabourAntisemitism
Brexit is and always was fascist to the core. Fascists never were known for their progressive values. This doesn't say much for Corbyn's Labour, which also backs Brexit. 14-01-2019: '...In one of the clips...
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
So we won’t have to spend post No Deal Brexit?
Wrong again. Those of the ERG are the true Tories who are working for what eejit the majority voted for in June 2016. Your Norway plus is a non stater we might just as well remain in the EU and forget democracy. You Super wet Europhiles cock up Brexit then it's pointless voting.
Cardiff distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s Brexit comments | Football News
Among the most competent and compelling voices about the omnishambles which is Brexit: Sir Ivan Rogers: Where did Brexit come from and where is it going to take the UK A must! via
Urgent Appeal: Help #PeterMandelson find his missing hamster #BBC #Trump #MAGA #NigelFarage #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK #TommyRobinson #GiletsJaunes #Reuters #Murray #Andy #LBC #Journalism #Westminster #Politics
Stamford MP under fire again as BBC Newsnight visits constituency. #brexit #nickboles #bbc #STAMFORD
I honestly think No Brexit is the best thing we can do for our country
John Bercow will be deciding what the plan of action will be after the Brexit vote tomorrow
MPs who are on leave for medical reasons or maternity/paternity leave must be able to exercise their vote reliably. The current pairing system is inadequate and has been abused by the government.
The reason for that is because of that useless sack of bones Teresa May who was a remoaner from day one, we should be voting for a new PM not another Brexit
And No Deal Brexit isn't remotely comparable to Trump declaring a national emergency to get his wall. An absurd claim for Bannon to make, and a weird one of the NYT to quote. Generally feels like the complexity of both political situations has been shaved off to fit a thesis.
MPs voting down May’s Brexit deal are the elite revolting against democracy
Then what? If you steal my Brexit vote, there ill be violence. EU membership has been a festering issue since we joined. You propose to fix this by shutting both eyes?
LIVE: Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote
That's the other anomaly for me. Prior to the 2017 election we were polling 10-15 points ahead regularly. Then Theresa's campaign got underway and almost brought defeat. Again she was wrongly advised. The Brexit shambles has held us neck &amp; neck when we should be well ahead.
Check out the latest #AngelenoSwiss' #tweetbrief! Thanks to contributors #mydayinla #brexit
Can't say he will be missed. Man was unpopular anyway
Gammon
No research needed because they are all false. I choose to remain thick and can't wait for the downfall of everyone else including those that look foreign. Hate the elites and those incharge of this rigged system. But I am not sure what I want and how brexit will help my cause.
The next James Bond will be involved behind the scenes of brexit dealings. Lol #Brexit #mondaythoughts
In their desperation to get May's doomed #Brexit deal passed in parliament "... May and Fox completed the three-stage tactic of the right-wing populist: Conspiracy theory, followed by authoritarianism, followed by outright lies." nails it again.
You imply that Leavers have had much of an input into negotiations, they haven't. Two Brexit secretaries have resigned due to May's intransigence over a bad deal. We are in this mess primarily because of her.
The latest BCG Daily! Thanks to #brexit #nyc
#BREXIT the EU has spent trillions to prop up its failing economy's since 2012 &amp; achieved little to no growth overall.
If a 2nd vote wins and there is No to brexit but it gets a lower percentage than the 1st vote, what then? Will they go with which vote got a higher %? Or surely the 3rd vote will be the decider?
In Sutton-in-Ashfield, where in 2016 around 70% voted #Brexit. It seems they would do the same today, but many do not like the idea of a 2nd referendum. Train service by Robin Hood Line...
Some right cunts in the replies to this, surprised they even managed to install twitter.
A more interesting question might be, who here knows a brexiter who also thinks Trump is a Crook. Both Brexit and Trump used the same ‘Psy-ops’ techniques , but brexit only did so after 30 years of drip fed propaganda. So when coming to Trump ‘cold’, even hard-core brexiters
The latest The C.S.Johnstone Daily Telegraph! Thanks to #paid #brexit
via This MP is delaying her caesarean section for Brexit ... here's why
Interesting on BREXIT &amp; the web. Facebook etc had been a route for illegal spending to persuade certain types of voters EU is bad. Twitter has enabled both sides to exchange views, information and to circumvent mainstream media.
No Brexit under this duplicitous Prime Minister! It's clear as day that has been conniving from day one to betray the UK electorate, and lock the UK in the EU permanently!
Is it possible to find order among the current constitutional chaos? Rather than breaking the Union, a bold new post-#Brexit constitutional settlement based on #federal principles could well save it. … #devolution #Holyrood #Indyref2
We voted Leave in a one-off vote in 2016 and the Govt. vowed to abide by our decision. There is NO mandate for MPs to do anything but obey the people. #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for.
She dishonoured the result of the #Brexit referendum by agreeing a deal that strips UK of power to leave ... unless we capitulate to any demand made by other countries. #BrexitVote
John Bercow has been accused of pro-Remain bias. Yet he accepted an amendment that prepared the way for the original Brexit referendum
So, as predicted, the “Clarifications” are utterly meaningless, carrying no legal force at all, and are not even very specific. How can this corrupt incompetent failed PM stay in office ?? #MAYRESIGN
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit | The Independent
Brexit means Brexit
That would be an exit wound, its a post brexit loaf with added rat.
A lot has changed since 2016 and Brexit has turned into a national embarrassment. please support giving the people the #FinalSay on Brexit, including the option to remain.
Thankfully referenda aren’t how we sort these things in the UK (usually), unlike the Republic which has a history and constitutional arrangements for such votes. Naturally you’ll argue the Brexit Referendum, which shouldn’t have been a referendum, but I am thankful it was.
Agreed which is why it's stunning that they are running parallel on Brexit.
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, the public has run out of patience – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock
#BREAKING #Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Can be disregarded because so corrupt. Massive psyops via Cambridge Analytica/AggregateIQ. Millions of targeted troll/bot messages straight from St Petersburg. Aaron Banks £9 million donation-money he didn’t have. Both Leave campaigns broke law. Vote rigging via IDOX-Peter Lilly.
Brexit is Bonkers always has been always will no change what has changed is that the UK govt. (+the BBC) have shut down any discussion on this central point we should only offer the PV as a means of getting support for what is obviously the only course of action #ByeByeBrexit
Their clear brexit policy?
Great article...surely to support your final conclusion we need PR? Under FPTP - nothing will change in our politics (regardless of Brexit)
Tom you were Scottish Director of a campaign which broke electoral law to win the Brexit vote, and you haven't been held to account for it. The result of the bent vote hasn't been set aside. Thats why I lose faith in democracy.
can tell he’s a Crook, - but is brexit ‘illegal’ ? - Never ! I know 2 people like this ...
UK, you can still stop it!
Smoke and mirrors from May. Pure deceit. The best by far is to leave, totally cut all ties, and make our own agreements with the world. Her option is NOT Brexit.
The minute you put a remainer in charge of Brexit the writing was on the wall!! Treachery at its best !!
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Yep. Oh, but you missed that he is against a deal he hasn't read.
Brexit is built on sand. One of the things about our ancient island democracy is that referendums are enshrined into law only as advisory instruments, not legally binding ones.
Brexit news – live: Theresa May urges MPs to back her deal in last-ditch speech after EU reassurances over Irish backstop
You don’t want Brexit. You want your nest feathered and wealth protected
Said the multi millionaire
Travelodge looks to unemployed parents to help fill post-Brexit jobs
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote
People do course have valid concerns about the potential economic impact of the #UK leaving the #EU. Labour’s regional investment programme will not only prevent those on low incomes being affected by #Brexit, it will immediately improve their financial situation. #VoteLabour
Most intriguing line here is where he says he's proud of the 'many achievements of this government'. What?!? Even the most committed partisan would surely concede that this govt has been almost entirely consumed by Brexit.
This is the Tories delivering Brexit.
Norway plus now is a dead pointless dodo. Making us rule-takers when you could back keeping us rule-makers is silly.
if "we" means Tories, they really don't deserve to recover from Brexit threat.
[Ticker] #EU sends letter to help Brexit deal approval
Brexit: DUP says Tusk/Juncker letter has heightened its concerns about backstop – Politics live
Brexit’s eleventh hour, Polish mayor stabbed and Macron's letter: Europe briefing - Euronews… #News #Politics
France hoping British politicians will approve #Brexit deal
The chronic housing shortage in the UK, Brexit or no Brexit this is present and needs to be addressed. #brexit #housing
Brexit vote latest news: Theresa May makes last-ditch plea to MPs to back her deal - #News #Politics
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved - The Guardian: PM's Brexit… #News #Politics
And now the whip's resigned. #brexit
We must have the confidence to commit financial suicide! WTO relegates us from premiership to vauxhall conference ! and we would have to subsidise sectors of the economy just to allow them to survive #Brexit
You need a Electrician to sort out that light switch
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
The actual STATE of UK politics, I mean, FFS
Hi,Looking for a Logo,Business Cards,Flyers &amp; Brochures,Book &amp; Album Covers,Social Media Design,Banner ,background removal,Photo Editing,,?????? contact Check out my portfolio:
By insisting on a hard border in the Irish Sea and the EU are breaking the Good Friday Agreement, raising sectarian tension in Northern Ireland and putting the peace process at risk. #Brexit #BintheBackstop
It would be a better idea if you were to raise questions about european military unification. This is all being forced through under the cover of the total shambles that the tories have generated with regards to brexit.
Whether you agree with him or not, Craig always argues his case well and is a good read.
Hey #brexit monkeys, I have this idea that Theresa may is engineering a no Brexit through incompetence so there may be hope for the economy after all
EU lawmakers urge Britain to call off Brexit [ ]
No deal or her crap deal seems to be the only #Brexit option if you believe 's continual robotic rhetoric. It’s not however. It is essential that we have a referendum to confirm if we still want what we will know Brexit to be or whether we wish to stay in the EU.
The NON BINDING! Referendum!! Any dimwitted dipstick could have concluded that result was too close to call and was certainly NOT powerful enough to persue this hard core capitalist agenda called #Brexit!
Look, if Miami Steve says it...
Jurgen Klopp on Brexit: "History has always shown that when we stay together we can sort out problems. When we split then we start fighting. There was not one time in history where division creates success." Neil Warnock on Brexit: "To hell with the rest of the world.” #Brexit
Problem is that Brexit will compound the damage that Universal credit has already done.
Gotta give a shoutout to my man , who after the referendum said UK ain't going to leave. I thought he was semi joking/totally insane...
When you have a anti brexit Speaker abusing his position, the likes of Dominic Grieve tabling wrecking amendments, and Phillip Lee launching a Conservatives For Second Referendum group, then its not hot air.
they have dragged the mother of all Parliaments into the gutter, they have shamed this country, if the PM had guts and was not one of them, she should fire everyone of them
It is time to listen to the membership on Brexit, we want pro-EU and want another referendum, it is time that the membership are consulted one member one vote! This is the democratic thing to do!
Disgraceful
Last week was "vote against me, get no deal" to try and bluff Remainers, this week is "vote against me, get no Brexit" to try and bluff the Leavers. Not sure she's realised bluffs don't work when people know you always change your mind.
BBCNews : RT BBCPolitics: "I cannot, in all conscience, support the government's position when it is clear this deal would be detrimental to our nation's interests" Gareth Johnson resigns as government whip over May's #Brexit deal …
No not you personally. Amanda was advpcating the brexit coalition
Before Brexit, countries were interested in our financial services, China being one, a way into the EU. We are not a manufacturing country we provide services, countries are not interested in that, it's gone. At least the EU did the negotiating for us and they were better at it
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'
Arise Brits! Arise!
Why do these useless cunts just resign, that helps nothing and in fact increase the possibility we will not leave, what the hell, are these people actually retarded, did they pass their IQ tests ever
Ok I haven't seen that coming. There is apparently also a 2nd way of resolving this shitty situation, except the 2nd referendum, and that is May to cancel Brexit by herself once and for all
Should MPs vote in favour of the deal tomorrow? What do you think? #brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
That's the thing, they're almost 3 years old; long enough for the Tories to hold two general elections. #PeoplesVote #MeaningfulVote #wato #r4today #newsnight
It might be the default setting but I really don’t see it happening. ‘No Deal’ is incredibly unpopular/terrifying with her party and Parliament in general as is May’s Deal. Neither will be allowed to happen. May is pushing for her deal or “Brexit might not happen”. Her words.
If #Brexit doesn’t go through where would that leave the UK? At the time I voted ‘yes’ now I’m concerned for our children and what kind of future they will have
Confirmation that Theresa May achieved precisely nothing by her five week delay of the Brexit vote.
And the Tories Should be Worried
PM’s Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved | Politics
If 'MPs are charged with governing the country well', then they should ignore the result of a non-binding referendum and do what's best for the country, no? #brexit "MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal"
Brexit is Brexit and chocolate is chocolate.
Breaking: Under May's treacherous Brexit deal the EU will have control of British armed forces.
If you'd like to understand what politicians are about, then take note of those who said that they respect the EU referendum result and are now trying to block Brexit. There are no ambiguities here.
Consider a DUP strategy that will only support the most unachievable perfect Brexit, while avoiding the cross-border fallout and the wrath of the Ulster Farmers Union that any realistic form of Brexit would entail.
I would prefer #NoDealBrexit as that was the option on the referendum and what I, and 17,410,741 others, voted for. Soft brexit, hard brexit, are all part of a smoke screen by the government to deter and circumvent the wishes of the people.
Jermaine how many points should Cardiff be deducted for this ?
Well, at least she's pro brexit. What have you missed here?
When you're next on the ballot, how do you think "But you got blue passports and you soon get used to the taste of rat, I'm told." will wash with the voters trampled under boot by May's shoddy damaging "deal" AND years more tory #EconomicEugenics? Have some standards re: Brexit!
Actually my reply began by questioning your seriousness. Of course the entire proposition is absurd as 6 year olds, given the opportunity, could themselves vote for Brexit.
A No-Deal Brexit Will Be The Most Expensive Hoax In History
I’m tired of the UK and it’s gonna get even worse after brexit. I need to permanently be somewhere where fruit grows in abundance all around and isn’t shipped in
Absolutely right. And it's still like that.
Ha ha and her chief whip gone ?
The latest The Scottish independence Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Theresa May warns Brexit is in peril ahead of key vote on her deal
Pentagram promotes civil disobedience with “Acid Brexit” FastCompany
Calls for a ‘no-deal’ would be laughable, if they weren’t so serious and potentially damaging. Some £2billion is being wasted preparing for a no-deal situation, which if allowed to happen...
You: in the middle of some specious argument about Brexit, IndeeefurScotchland and thu Massoons in Scotchfitbaw Me:
Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal
EU Willing to Extend Brexit Transition Period - Letter to May -
It will be all MPs fault for anarchy in the streets as they failed in their duties to listen to the referendum result #brexit
tory whip quits wow
I won't vote for a Tory however votes but I may thank him if he votes against the Prime Minister.
Brexit: The Uncivil War Were UK Electorate lied to, duped and manipulated by bored millionaire and billionaire backers? Not one iota of concern for impact of BREXIT on everyday lives of UK citizens! Just a Game - who's playing at Politics now?
Rats... sinking ship... etc.
MPs who are on leave for medical reasons or maternity/paternity leave must be able to exercise their vote reliably. The current pairing system is inadequate and has very possibly been abused by the government.
Feeling thoughtful
Are you worried about tripe stocks in the event of a no-deal Brexit? Watch this informative video then. #lights #sweetbreads #brawn #elder
The latest The Santirta Martendano Daily! Thanks to #criticschoiceawards #brexit
we're gonna have a no deal brexit 100%
That’ll get get rid of the remain MEPs it would have to be total Brexit MEPs, causing as much chaos as possible
totally. The amount of time, money and effort gone into Brexit, for what? Mind you, that's not saying all those resources would lead to better, fairer results in other areas, given current leadership, but still....
You might have to after #Brexit!
#WATO Did really mean to hint that he would vote for the May Deal with a view to frustrating the 2nd stage of negotiations and re-opening Brexit? Little wonder the EU want to stick to the backstop.
So the self-serving traitors have been given a BUNG £€£€£€£€£€£€£ , so loyal of them to back a #BRINO betrayal plan . Drain the #Westminster swamp. Brexiteer backbenchers U-turn on decision to vote against PM's deal
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider #Brexit via
Dear I tuned into this radio show expecting lots of 'no nonsense' Instead I heard lots of 'nonsense' from a host who babbled on with endless amounts of offensive and ill informed right wing Brexit landfill Would you mind rebranding so as not to mislead the public? Ta
Could major change come to the UK this week?
Same here, most people I know who voted leave regret it now we’re facing reality Brexit, not fantasy Brexit.
With Gareth Johnson's resignation as a govt whip, I make it: - 22 ministerial resignations since #GE2017 - 15 over policy - 13 over #Brexit (lucky for some?) Our underlying data here (Follow for payroll vote facts)
'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears - these people could be fired out of cannons to lower food demand. What about people who can’t afford to stockpile or are immobile . The worst humans here .
I don't feel sorry for the bloke with his business full of EU nationals on #bbcnews #bbc1 just now. Greed made his business become so dependent on importing cheap labour. Pay proper wages and you'll find yourself not so reliant on exploiting EU migrants. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
Parliament’s 'meaningful vote' on Brexit. An explainer from via
And through all of this, you have Corbyn following the exact letter of the conference policy, yes, but totally ignoring its spirit; the lengthy standing ovation for Starmer even mentioning the word "Remain", or the consistent majority of members &amp; voters opposing Brexit.
By insisting on a hard border in the Irish Sea and the EU are breaking the Good Friday Agreement, raising sectarian tension in Northern Ireland and putting the peace process at risk. #Brexit #BintheBackstop
Who benefits from #Brexit?
Thread. These people know that Brexit is a disastrous error. Please help pull the country back from the brink. #TellThemTheTruth #RevokeA50
There’s no justification for voting with May and propping up this terrible government. Any Labour MPs voting with the Tories shpuld be deselected as soon as possible.
No Deal is not a risk worth leaving in. May's deal IS Brexit without completely screwing the country over. Leavers need to accept fate and not cling on to history. What was promised is not going to happen. What has happened should be learned from so we can become better.
“Reap a whirlwind” “deep state.” Bojo mimicking Stop The War and alt-right language in one argument.
Hi Grant, our Brexit Specials can be found here &gt;
A No-Deal Brexit Will Be The Most Expensive Hoax In History
Well for someone so informed. The UK harass EU citizens living there and are making them apply and pay to stay in their own homes while the Spanish are doing this for us. Do you live in Spain?
I don't think I've ever seen a tweet that better sums up UK politics!
Yes don’t worry Michael Gove, it’s not like Britain isn’t falling apart over Brexit or anything, but you worry about wood burners and smelly candles *sigh*
When the whole Brexit shebang is finally dealt with, can we move Parliament about 200 miles north? Perhaps if politicians saw the impact of their policies in more deprived areas first hand, we might develop better politicians. Just a thought.
Oooh, dat would be tewwible! Theresa May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
#LBC caller insisting the will of the British people should be upheld but claiming May’s #Deal isn’t #Brexit Who gets to decide what Brexit is when it was never explained in the first place? Brexit = Ignorance &amp; misinformation
Desperate, desperate for a no deal Brexit. Can barely hide his glee.
The Tánaiste has said this week is going to be a really significant one for Brexit and Ireland must "hold its nerve."
Norway is a version of remaining in the grip of the EU, so its not #Brexit Norway is technically leaving, EU full membership &gt; But it means staying in key EU institutions and being subject to EU laws and the EU four freedoms so its &gt; #FakeBrexit
May's Deal is NOT Brexit.... UK tied to Brussels for ever.... For as long as the EU decides.
I find this so depressing. What does it say about the political system when it appears somehow normal to put work and its responsibilities above medical advice regards a high risk pregnancy.
We booked one with jet 2. But I'm sure I read somewhere that thomas cook have it in terms and conditions if any flights cancelled due to brexit no refunds will be given. Hence jet 2
With the #Brexit vote approaching, some of those who supported it may lose their jobs as a result.
Serves her right. Bet there are many like her.
'Businesses employ due diligence when making major decisions – why can’t we do the same with Brexit?'
Nothing new on brexit front. #CorbynOut
Do you think Brexit will be ditched? Don't think many want a no deal Brexit
You are SO BRAVE BORIS! Thanks for the encouragement. Brexit has furthered your career whilst wrecking the country and the economy. You are SO BRAVE!
What is Corbyn’s Brexit?? A referendum is what we need...
By insisting on a hard border in the Irish Sea and the EU are breaking the Good Friday Agreement, raising sectarian tension in Northern Ireland and putting the peace process at risk. #Brexit #BintheBackstop
So many stupid out comes, so little time.
Maybe that's not what he means. "No Brexit is a disaster from which we might not recover" could refer to "senior" Tory MPs personal financial loss if we stay &amp; become subject to the EUs new anti tax loophole laws, they'd all lose a lot &amp; find it hard to recover from that
Theresa May Has Never Been Able To Say Brexit Will Be Bad: James O'Brien
The citizens of #UK #Britain voted for #Brexit To delay, obfuscate &amp; ultimately deny the people their voice will be the political class's downfall.
I liked a video How Brexit could create a crisis at the Irish border
[ITV] How do MPs actually vote? Take the behind-the-scenes tour of the Commons ahead of crunch Brexit decision |
Thats your, well one of your many problems - they have all been important weeks since Brexit vote cast. This week however youre lining up a selfish GE - one you lost badly in 2017.
If brexit happens, we’re all finished as well as the country. Dumb motherfuckers
EU's Assurances Fall Short of What May Wanted: Brexit Update - Bloomberg
I am, when I say your lot, I mean the hard right loonies, who don’t give a shit about the normal people Brexit will affect
Yep. Both true: voted against the Scotland Bill at second reading too.
I think many people's faith in the democratic process has already suffered catastrophic harm!
Whatever. Stop Brexit.
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
China trade surplus is great today!! This is why tradewar is still there!! Trump doesn't like that big surplus!! Tradewar will continue!! #eurusd #euro #dollar #brexit #tradewar #forex #fed #ecb #usd China's 2018 trade surplus with U.S. highest on record going back to 2006
. seems to be a lot slower than sources in Kent and Scotland in reporting the government whip has quit to oppose the PM in #Breixt vote tomorrow... hmm... #NoBrexit
Put nothing past her and her acolytes. Traitors all.
Very eloquently put. I agree totally.
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' #HowAboutNO
I mean - it’s a whip, the day before the vote. It’s catastrophic.
It's not just the JRM wealthy that want Brexit to be clean and definitive Chris. It's 52% of those that cared enough to vote. A Brexit which keeps us in and tied to EU is not Brexit and therefore not fulfilling the democratic vote. As a business owner I want this to be final too.
France hoping British politicians will approve #Brexit deal
This! So, can we dump Corbyn yet?
This is loki
I'm supposed to have a medication review on Brexit day. Eek!
Relevant for both #BurhennCW and #BurhennAPHG
Don’t worry Darren, your testimony however does matter. As does evidence. You just make sure to hold onto that soap...
Scarily accurate
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'
By ‘we’ I can only assume he means the Conservative Party. Because otherwise, hahaha.
PS #BrexitShambles UK is screwed! #Brexit
The #Remainer lies just keep on coming. Now the corrupt lunchtime is pumping out more of its anti Brit anti Britain anti #Brexit propaganda campaign. Their latest attack on democracy is more whining about there being no agricultural workers if we leave the failing #EU
Nearly time for that second referendum yet? #Brexit
Also included: •Brexit survey - the full Greater Manchester results•
James Blake is packing and selling “Brexit boxes” for about $500 Cdn. with enough freeze-dried food for days in case Britain chrashes out of the EU with no deal (and food shortages ensue). Our story about Brits stockpiling for Brexit:
Brexit is detrimental to the UK’s interest but it will be going ahead. Opportunistic &amp; duplicitous. Stop, extend and gain consensus. #timeforchange
A No-Deal Brexit Will Be The Most Expensive Hoax In History via
Jan 15....Brexit Vote in England...Cabinet Members say the vote may not pass....
simply gives out inaccurate, confusing, and conflicting messages ... No wonder the process is in such disarray . You couldn’t make this up !!!
This whole “as a Brit/non-American” line is always deployed in absolute condescending terms. Like why do you sad sack Americans not general strike, as though it’s something Brits are willing to do over Brexit
Rebecca Long-Bailey saying there has been no investment in Salford (yes really) in an attempt to compare to Deeside where it's taken 20 years to get a road sorted is bordering on the ridiculous.
Luke Pritchard, legend
They will not listen it’s your job they want, no one really cares about Brexit in the commons they just want you out. I do not know how you can work with such nasty people. They should be backing you up.
Theresa May better has a plausible solution for Brexit. Look at France what can happen if you try to mess with your citizens.
Your bio is the best resolution to the Brexit question I have read. Something for everybody. Excellent.
France hoping British politicians will approve #Brexit deal
#brexit and beyond podcast on what the current state of play means for the economy and #business #podcasting
The question on everyone's lips: 'Will exchange rates improve after tomorrow's #Brexit vote?'
Especially by those who voted Brexit.
Buy @ ebay £2495 or best offer Also available @ Godaddy (no offers) The uhyphenated domain is listed for $15,000 ! La .com Sold for $1,200,000 ! #LosAngeles #usa #Trump #Marketing #investor #California #Brexit
Theresa May's Brexit options: - No Brexit - Her Brexit deal, which actually means no Brexit How do you like it? #Brexit #NoBrexit
Yet risks more austerity for a further 3.5 years. Enjoy your moment in the spotlight but please spare us the bull shit reasoning. You are exploiting your constituents not representing them. When the dust settles you will be remembered for the self serving Tory snake you are.
Pigs will fly first!!! is the worst Brexit secretary there has been, and there’s been a few! Watching him yesterday on Andrew Marrs he didn’t answer one single question. Oh wait isn’t that just like ?!
The whole Brexit situation is peak.
The plot to foil Brexit at any cost comes down to money. #WTO takes away £39billion. It takes away the billions paid each year. It leaves the €urozone teetering on collapse as Germany heads for recession. It`s a good time to hit the #Brexit lifeboat #WTOBrexit #GoWTO
I'm going out in a limb here but based on the parliamentary make up I'm not sure saying it's her deal or no Brexit is the best way to get remainer MP's to support her withdrawal agreement.
When you flunked 4th grade grammar and didn’t learn propositions.
Plan B - B is for Brexit, and Brexit means Brexit.
I don’t think she hates anybody - she’s proving the lie that Brexit = older voters and remain = young. The fact is that many older people were remain, and many young people leave. The ‘old people stole our future’ line is media bollocks.
One of the other most absurd arrogant claims of the technocrats that blew up in their faces was that they abolished ‘boom and bust’ economics.
EU attempts to give Brexit reassurances ahead of a crunch vote #Eurobiz #Europe
For f**k sake why can’t brexit just f**k off
BREAKING: Pro-Brexit Govt Whip Resigns to Vote Against May's EU Deal
. applies for Netherlands channel licences ahead of #Brexit.
no deal brexit prep
BREXIT: UK ATTORNEY GENERAL SAYS IT IS UNLIKELY THAT THE EU WILL WISH TO RELY ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE IRISH BACKSTOP PROVISION
Is it wrong am beginning to think of books to read during month of March to cope with Brexit? Am thinking , , , , VOTES GALORE... basically, planning to read either super dark or super light and fluffy! ANYTHiNG BUT POLITICS!!!
At least some people can’t be bought off!
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal
Theresa May says no Brexit more likely than no deal,
Biz Minister tells he doesn't know what job did in Parliament that Mr Johnson has done the honourable thing by resigning as gov whip because he didn't support #Brexit
Is it going g to be 1 an hour again what do these mps not get leave means LEAVE they are all coming outweigh different things we know what we vote for we are not fascist Sky News:
very very cheap deals available on - go before Brexit!!
Good to hear assurances from the Director of Open Spaces that are engaged with on how stewardship funding of agricultural land will work post #Brexit. Important for areas like &amp; .
So, #British PM #TeresaMay is trying to fear-monger the unsupportive MPs into voting FOR her #brexit deal? It seems that way.
Brexit means Brexit!
"Contrary to the way the debate is often framed, concerns about immigration are cultural, not economic. Setting arbitrary overall targets [...] is therefore [...] counterproductive"
So are we still expected to pay the EU parasites more money in this “extended transition” period? When are we finally going to eradicate this cancer from the UK’s future. Drunker
Brexit socks completed!
We live in a crazy period during which experts' opinions are derided! I am not deterred! I offer an assessment of the UK outlook post No-Deal Brexit!
Is Brexit-voting Llanelli changing its mind?
A thousand times yes. How is it Commons (MPs and Govn) are allowing him to stay when he admitted along with Parlimentary officials broke the rules- which he makes up as he goes along. He had a sticker in his car that Bollocks to Brexit. Gets free Wimbledon tickets &amp; a flat
Rats from a sinking ship #Brexit #BrexitVote #JC4PM
We would if our MPs would give us a chance! More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit #PeoplesVote
British voters hoping they won’t !
Hello Everyone, I am providing the services of #Autocad2d #Floor_Plan #PDF_to_CAD and many more design in Autocad. You can also Hire me at fiver Thanks
Gave a speech without looking like a sweaty little schoolboy? Most people will never forget how you looked next to Michel Barnier. Hope you never do.
The latest "How to Deal with Life Changes" Thanks to #brexit #frizemedia
I’m asking. What do you think about Brexit Brian and Gary? There - dunnit.
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'
What exactly is your position on Brexit? Go away and come back when it's clear.
My bad: I meant a) Accept deal, b) Brexit without deal, c) call off Brexit entirely.
Makes sense to me and unless one of the major parties changes position (1) also seems pointless until Brexit is resolved, so (2) or (3) it should be.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal
And go and read - then think about untruths...
this isn't about brexit; it's about project fear; in this case tories fear corbyn. they should just be honest &amp; say so. remain won 1975 &amp; leave won 2016 referendums trump won us election may won uk election corbyn won labour leadership &amp; will win next election all democratically,
"detrimental to our nation's interest" is also a pretty good criterion to oppose a No Deal Brexit, which is the outcome Johnson has made more likely.
You and he need to read this again:
Just seen Neil Warnock eating fish and chips. Every thing i hate about #brexit.
The British public were hoodwinked in to believing Brexit would mean SO many things!! The vast majority of unemployed believed you would deport the ‘immigrants’ and the majority of elderly people I’ve spoken to believed the government would plummet more cash in to the NHS! LIES
What work? You mean we are employed to do something other than fly to other countries and drink booze and discuss or should I say Argue? Shut up you dam fool .Brexit must go on for another 3 years, Until 2022 anyway - We'll do something 6 months before next election
Girl, keep ya legs crossed! Best of luck!
Another welcome addition to the brexit clan
Vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal boils down to trust in EU and in her - ITV #News via #business
Come on Andrew, show some backbone. Mrs May’s deal is not Brexit and you know it! Please support a WTO no deal Brexit if there is nothing better on offer.
Man who has been a Tory MP for over two decades unironically tries to use the term "establishment" as a buzzword.
Parliament's vote on Brexit summed up by the Telegraph today. Just in case you were considering thinking about anything else....f\
This.... Brexit in a nutshell. Journalist claims to know more than CEO, politicians know more than experts and the man-in-the street claims to understand trade deals/GFA/currency. Unicorn lands of milk and honey. Emotions masquerading as logic.
The latest World News! Thanks to #brexit #china
Come Jerry - Brexit and #peoplesvote is the issue today.
If u can explain all that in 60 seconds that madame is a jingle This mess has already damaged your country + u are responsible u cannot PR your way out of this Tory Shambles when all the people are eating out of bins the Tories will finally achieve equality in everybody loosing
Why? Project fear has done extremely well. Surprised Brexit survival packs are not being issued.
No Brexit. by far.
She belongs in prison or a mental asylum!
Silence from Brexiteer ... '...In one of the clips shared by Jones, the group can be heard chanting “Jones-y is a homo,” while in others he is referred to as a “rent boy” and attacked for his opposition to Brexit.'
I'm now following StandUp4Brexit and a few other Hard Brexit accounts to get data and sources for 's vote tracking project. Bit like when I was reading the Express for ...it's going to colour my Google news routing for years #howtogetoutofthebubble
At this point there’s no point trying to talk sense to people who voted Brexit and still defend it. They want the freedoms of everyone curtailed, they want a poorer country in vain Empire hopes of recapturing the “Blitz spirit” and they want immigrants kicked out. Fuck them.
Note carefully Theresa May’s words today: "I don't believe we should be extending Article 50 and I don't believe we should be having a referendum." #Brexit Iow, her be This belief will change on Wednesday. She’s going for the #PeoplesVote.
I'm sick to the back benches with Brexit.
How did Brexiters &amp; HMG manage to completely fail to engage with the issue that - as Ireland pointed out in advance - would make or break Brexit? How did HMG sign up to a backstop without having grasped the implications of what it was doing? This attempt to claim honourable (but
They are escaping BREXIT
whipping up hate and division, which will no doubt be directed at mps is reprehensible. totally unfit to occupy number 10.
I'm certain this is the best thing I will hear all day.
"The people are more important than individual MPs who have got bright ideas" #Brexit
Yes..lets keep the pot boiling on Salmond v Sturgeon and hope nobody notices the absolute horlicks our precious party is making of Brexit.
BBC News - Brexit: How would no deal affect UK citizens in the EU?
Yes I have met people who have changed their mind- might help is you opened yours and took on board the clear dangers of Brexit now we all know the truth rather than just peddling your usual arrogance and abuse- I am a Remainer not moaner, can’t you even get that right!!
2016: Let's send £350 million to the NHS 2019: Brexit is survivable
But no Brexit will mean us Brits "lose faith in the democratic process and their politicians". It's like Ian Hislop and Paul Merton are paying her to say this shit.
Quit bickering and act, say Brexit voters ahead of crucial vote Notice the only person they interview in the 21st Century, able to breed, vs the walking dead
We're witnessing every attempt possible by our enemies to discredit and get rid of Theresa May. To stop Brexit or to stop new world Trade Deals being forged. The rift in Parliament also provides Labour with a golden opportunity to take advantage of the cabal-induced rift.
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal
No Brexit
The DUP absolutely *drools* for a border, they just dare not say it out loud, so they use the combo of the Brexit imperative and impossible red lines.
And so it begins...
You have to start listening to the people. The people have changed their minds. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
The UK partitioned the country . The UK created the brexit situation . It is a UK problem for the UK to sort. One of the main reasons for leave was for the UK to control its borders .... Why is it always someone else's fault?
Game of the day: finish this sentence; "British politics has ( insert your bit here )"
All these Brexit shenanigans being played out in Parliament are for TWO MAIN FUNDAMENTAL REASONS...IMO. 1) A battle to grab as much of the £bns and £bns of gravy train EU funded UK quango cash as possible: To maintain control of funding cabal scams.....and ....
Talking of huge vacuums... Here's
Not voting again is what #Remainers want to hear from #Brexiteers Chanel your vote to a #brexit party!
OP-ED: #UK could have pursued a more impactful global role as part of the #EU, but #Brexit is partly based on the illusion that the country can regain some sense of power and pride that feels more like its old empire, writes
And the PM's 2-year obsession with pandering to them rather than forming a cross party consensus that actually could have delivered some form of Brexit that would get through the Commons.
2) The cabal can see that the post-Brexit blueprint Trade Bill Policy (via Theresa May in conjunction with Donald Trump) is GLOBALLY citizen-friendly.
May's stance of no Brexit if her deal isn't accepted is disgusting, it would mean she overrides Article 50, and yet another blackmail approach to keep us in the EU.
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" #Investing
The legal status of new arrivals from the EU after a no-deal Brexit
The biggest risk, I think, is if Labour is seen to facilitate Brexit. If I were next Tory leader (Hunt, I think), I’d strike while Jez is at point of maximum weakness and call a GE to get 5 years to fix the inevitable mess. Seq. Strategy is smart but not risk-free.
Even if you don’t give a shit about Brexit pretty soon you might not be able to give a shit because of Brexit #BrexitChaos #brexit
May needs to be told her deal is crap, she should’ve gone with Davis’s Canada style deal. Trying to cancel brexit has massive implications.. she will do it at her peril
Please share x
Go on, let the Scum usurp Brexit: #Light the Blue-Touch-Paper!
It us a letter nothing more and nothing less. Nothing legal binding in the letter.... just a statement if good intentions...! Don’t be fooled.
Really Klopp could be anywhere on this list, but my instinct is he has swung recently in favour of a hard brexit. Wagner is always going to be pro-remain.
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of #Brexit vote
This is excellent. Do read in full. Sums up key flaw in May's approach to Brexit superbly (tho whether 'losers' consent' ever possible in context of Brexit debatable) (Andrew Sparrow)
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears Reminds me of millenium fears and expectations. Quite a hoot!
Why is May now coming out with the line if we don’t accept her deal then Brexit might not go ahead ??? Does she know something that we don’t know ??? Surely it’s that simple if we don’t accept her deal then we leave anyway with no deal !!!!
No Brexit yes yes yes yes yes
A pleasing article from The Worcester News regarding the #PeoplesVote Action Day. #Brexit
I AM SPARTACUS
Two massive reasons to stop Brexit: 1. Financial: it's cost £100bn already: enough to nearly double NHS spending 2. Emotional: we're about to remove freedoms from 65,000,000 people
Nick Boles.... A perfect example. His threesome wants to stop Theresa May's and Donald Trump's PLAN B....a HARD BREXIT .... ...whereby ALL the quangos' £bns in EXTRA slush funds scams gets put into Theresa May's control . (TM is set to be in power for another YEAR)
A bit late to be throwing his hat in the ring to be the new Brexit secretary!
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
May's Brexit deal is not just a capitulation – it's a decapitation of our great nation
IMO, Theresa May's engineering of the vote of no confidence was perfectly timed. Theresa May's Trade Department is well advanced in post Brexit US trade &amp; investment agreements: They appear to be preparing TAs in increments to produce a final FTA sooner rather than later.
RESIGN.LIAR.
It will be the blueprint of all future new and renegotiated trade agreements. If the cabal bad boys behave in a Hard Brexit, slush funds (that formed part of the £39bn supposedly "divorce" bill), could be dribbled out via reformed quangos, but under strict oversight....
My second BREXIT conference call of the day. Not a single (financial) supervisor in Europe has expressed their view on whether a PO box in Dublin or Frankfurt is sufficient for a UK service provider to sell their products into the EU. What a mess.
I didn't! I don't! But equally I don't like the anti intellectualism which has become part of the whole Brexit debate.
According to the PM, No Brexit is more likely than No Deal Brexit. And her deal is going to get humiliated in the meaningful vote.
The whole Brexit thing is like when you come round, and instead of asking if you would like tea or coffee, simply asking you if you would like a drink or not. I think we all know we have been offered a poisoned chalice.
you’re a complete idiot Fox, you described a no deal Brexit as ‘Survivable’. Going through the 2nd world war was survivable, but no one in their right mind wants to go through it again #IdiotFox
suffer to such an extent which means in turn that the govt revenue will fall and so there is likely to be less money for the NHS not £350m a week more and if you add up the money spent already on preparing for Brexit chaos...
Not surprised to see this when you consider the work loads some of our members carry, that Brexit has been overlaid onto the normal workload and we are closing offices left right and centre
Escape the #Brexit horror show for a few minutes... listen to our latest #podcast with from explaining how #tech is being used to make huge differences to rural communities in Rwanda.
Never mind all the waffle and flannel, here's the key part of Junker's letter: "As you know, we are not in a position to agree to anything that changes or is inconsistent with the Withdrawal Agreement...". So presumably the Attorney General's legal advice still stands! #Brexit
Absolutely! #vote #Brexit #Parliament #MP
Just to be clear...DUP have always wanted “no deal” Brexit...all actions &amp; alliances support this That’s “fine”...any words they say denying this are just that - words
Haha. This is hilarious
There’s certainly no point producing a manifesto at the next General Election. Unless the really want to take the piss!! #Brexit
Thread. Hello there and Nick Smith. Brexit is madness. Please let's call a halt. #TellThemTheTruth #RevokeArticle50 #wato
#Brexit Petition: Leave the EU without a deal in March 2019.
One whip down the day before the vote...
BBC News - SNP's Ian Blackford urges MPs to block Brexit deal
“No Deal or No Brexit” is actually a far better situation than “No Deal or May’s Deal”. Both can be unilaterally changed (unlike May’s Deal) and both would likely lead to some infighting, and hopefully a better Parliament overall. May’s Deal is the worst of all worlds. No doubt
My trust in politics went out the window years before the #Brexit shenanigans started.
It's a sham of a government,that is just embarrassing now. There needs to be a GE called and brexit put to one side. I voted to leave,but the state of this country is in need of addressing far more then a deal or no deal..
Richard, is well documented Brexit will, catastrophically, hit the economy. You said at not to want to harm the workers that would inevitably be worse off with Brexit so, why ANY Brexit. #RevokeA50
Explain what rule or law “imposed” on us by the EU will be repealed immediately NONE. So why risk WTO ... Because Boris said so OPEN your eyes BORIS is on the Brexit side for Boris not the UK.
Very smart plan. There are lots of unemployed people in this area
It doesn't matter a jot to EU who's in government and JC saying otherwise is just a manipulation.. to serve his own desire for a GE. GE changes nothing on Brexit. JC needs to quit peddaling it as a solution it isn't. It's #MayDeal or #RevokeArticle50 they're our only options.
Perfect metaphor for what has been happening inside Commons
Wrong Kevin. Very wrong. The only deal that promises to work for your constituents is a deal made by the Labour Party. Your CLP and 600,000 Party members will never forget or forgive this terrible decision.
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
This says it all... #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
Second referendum; Brexit binned, Brexiteers shown to be the self serving liars that they are. Tories and labour discredited. New party #Reunion led by David Miliband and Vince Cable sweeps to victory at next election.
‘Bollocks to Brexit’ says it all
#Business :: Irish Whiskey Under Fire Due to Brexit, Cancer Warnings and VAT -
You may...or may not remember this from way back, amidst Brexit &amp; lies. So just forget about everything and enjoy
100+ Euro-parliamentarians urge UK to reconsider Brexit
I know I'm sick of hearing about Brexit day in and day out
He campaigned remain, voted remain. He had no choice, but to let the Tories try to get the brexit deal that the people gave them the mandate to do. As the Tories have failed to deliver, Labour will vote the deal down.
'the revocation has to be an “unequivocal and unconditional decision”. There would have to be minimum time limit before the UK could revoke the revocation I would have thought - another #backstop? UK in a v bad place at the mo'.
Buy @ ebay £2495 or best offer Also available @ Godaddy (no offers) cruise .co.uk Sold for $1.1M #cruise #Travel #Marketing #investor #vacation #Trump #Brexit
She ran down the clock another 5 weeks. That was part of the point.
"No Brexit is more likely than a No Deal..." Okay.
People call this effective cancellation of Brexit 'May's deal'. But it is actually the EU's deal - written by them, and - in the EU's words - 'with very little input from the UK side'. Think about that. 'Very little input' from May's gang of EU puppets on this 'deal'.
Fed up listening to politicians’ lies and posturing? Take a Stephen Fry break into something honest, sensible, informative, measured and verifiable. God, we’re lucky to have him Stephen Fry's Brexit Gaslighting via
In hindsight, one of the communications failings of the Remain campaign was that it didn’t properly leverage the power of “What if?” Plastering buses with huge (if imaginary) savings figures did cut through. Remain should’ve hit back with sobering numbers of its own.
Worth a read - on what a No Deal Brexit would mean for the tech sector. Although I'd add that many of these issues are not restricted to the tech sector. Issues around data flows &amp; people will most companies given how important they are to day-to-day operations.
Just when I thougt I was out, they pull me back in!!! Great SVZ
Take 18th Edition Wiring Regulations Course, registration and exam for £186 and get an extra 10% off pre Brexit Deal.
I'm assuming it represents a severe breakdown between the hardline pro-Brexit faction and the PM's office.
I wonder will the courts of appeal allow re-appeals they've refused to be heard again and again until the appellant gets the result they want #Brexit
The comments...
Im sick of hearing two words since Brexit..catastrophic, and Backstop...hate them ..anyone else...
Guidance: Mobile roaming if there’s no #Brexit deal. Includes info on roaming before and after 29 March 2019, as well as details on both a deal and a no deal scenario.
No?! Really?! Stop Brexit... no, please, stop Brexit
‘Risible for hardline Brexiters, self styled champions of parliamentary sovereignty, to say it is illegitimate for MPs to shape Brexit’. Risible that any other self styled wreckers of Parliamentry democracy group does either. See foot.....shot. - Stick to the Tory manifesto.
They were extremely close last time. Most of my family is from Kirkby or Sutton and if you give them a very openly pro-Brexit candidate like Ben, they would lap it up and put them in the seat.
How can #Government present reasonable #AirPollution while we import tonnes of particulate matter from #Germany and #EU countries, from the mining and burning of Lignite, planet earths filthiest fossil fuel? Are so apposed to #Brexit that they will lie to stop it?
Never mind Brexit. This is the vote that matters.
When can i get a govt honour from? They are great from hiding anti semetics in labour to changing my vote on brexit. #powerofthehonourslist
This week is the most important week in the UK. Though it depends on whether Theresa May will bring her deal to the Parliament for the vote! Have a listen from #Brexit #rebuildingbritain #LabourBrexitPlan
#FoodPoverty: this is the state of UK after years of # cuts. Brexit will only make things worse. Army to donate ration packs to combat food poverty
Soon, this will be every EU country, inc. UK &amp; probably before 2020! (UK public has been betrayed by own gov't--brexit will happen in name only) So, do you like what your Government in partnership with EU globalist have done to you, your family &amp; your country!?
Denying Brexit would be 'like refusing Scots devolved parliament', claims Theresa May
There she goes again, mixing the two up. Government is paralysed. Parliament is stronger than ever.
Ex-PRESIDENT of the EFTA Court "The UK's Brexit deal leaves it no better than ex-Soviet states on its own road to vassaldom [It] is unthinkable for a country of the economic and military importance of Britain" via
take a break from Brexit for 90 seconds and watch this, it's pretty cool...
#Bucketlist for Brexit, Brexit.... Brexit and ...
That "No Brexit likelier than No Deal" gambit paying dividends for May...
Serious nation already simulating how they'd manage a traffic jam in the event the Brexit deal goes bad. Meanwhile, we've been having maddening traffic gridlock &amp; tanker accidents on the only road that leads to the maritime entrepot of our nation (Re: Apapa gridlock) since 1900.
This play in to the hands of no brexit. I agree no deal but rather leave at all costs. There's no perfect deal. 1 person wants 1 deal and another person wants another deal. Can't please everyone impossible!!!! I reckon no deal will mean no brexit. Which is not what I voted for.
I give you the architect of “project fear” Vicar’s daughter Theresa May.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
THE IMPORTANCE FOR UK HOSPITALS TO BE ABLE TO CONTINUE TO TAKE PART IN EUROPEAN REFERENCE NETWORKS AFTER BREXIT: A PATIENT PERSPECTIVE
The content of the EU statement this morning is an insult to all living in NI whether one is pro BREXIT or anti BREXIT. It assumes people in NI are idiots!
I think the door has already been open for these populist political forces. What do you think?
Letting the Brexiters see just how much the French want us to fuck off might be the only way to stop Brexit
UK exports to India up by 27% (Via ) #BusinessIsGREAT #LivingBridge #GREATforCollaboration
Genuinely confused as this appears like Alex Salmond is deliberately trying to undermine Nicola Sturgeon in a crucial time for brexit, a possible indyref, and a possible general election. Can someone explain what might be going on? #ScotPolN00b
Brexit isn’t going to happen. Convince me.
WELP
Lib Dems would not go into coalition with a Brexit party, so not with May/ERG or Corbyn. They have a lot more sense than Corbyn, who actually IS enabling the Tories for his own delusional reasons. Demonizing them has stopped a Remain opposition emerging. Are you really #FBPE?
Don't want to get all #journo nerdy but on has just done the most fabulous, lengthy, confident, walking piece-to-camera through the Commons. Kudos to him and whoever is on camera. Oh, it explained the #Brexit process tmrw. Do tweet it
How serious is Tuesday's Brexit vote?: Labour MP Tulip Siddiq has postponed the date of her planned caesarean section by two days - so she can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal.
#bbc #Brexit The whole tone of BBC news is like an anxious teenager worrying about a driving lesson. Even the weather presenters have this childish fearful tone in their voices ' watch out the cold weather is coming' Projecting anxiety onto the nation. Propaganda machine.
The English Civil War (1642–1651) was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians ("Roundheads") and Royalists ? #history
It's time to talk about Brexit 7pm tonight at Civic Centre. Book here:
When I was there a few weeks back the remainers wouldn't let me pass without having the EU flag draped over the top of my head, and there was only honk for brexit.
This is hilarious (it’s not, it’s horrifying) and I’m just mad I didn’t think of it first.
But confused, because he says his objective is to act in the nation’s interests, which excludes your absurd and petulant no deal dunce’s project and indeed Brexit in any form.
Yes. Also a beautiful metaphor for Brexit.
Today's theme: Rule of Law
GBP up Before Brexit Storm, EUR Resilient, AUD Underperforms – US Market Open
Theresa May’s last-ditch Brexit plea backfires after false Welsh assembly claim | The Independent
agreed - EU acting like total gangsters - time to move on with Brexit...no deal if necessary....
How about this one:
Yaaaaaaaaaaaasssss, Stevie!
Top Trends in Europe for 2019 - we look at what's not going to change this year #Politics #geopolitics #brexit #tech #ukraine #trump #europe #eu
No brexit means No democracy , No democracy means No laws, Brexit was voted into law , ignore it at your peril
Glad to see that Andrew Murrison has taken my advice on the codicil (!), but this would never be accepted by the EU. Surely no way the government can support this.
Latest update seems #Brextension is likely
They're getting desperate, time to play hardball - if only we had a strong leader who believes in Brexit
really - you offer nothing but unjustified assertions in latest article. #brexit is changeable. You yourself have said before “if the facts change.... - very bad piece of journalism- maybe time for your retirement
"The impact of the #Brexit vote has reduced the value of UK companies by 16%, according to new analysis." And this is before we have even left!
Puts "Brexit means Brexit" into an interesting context?
So #AndrewSelous is now backing the #Brexit deal with the EU. More than likely it's going to be defeated and he is now looking weak.Have the balls man to stand up to her. At least with a no deal Brexit we can renegotiate in the future. With hers we can't.
please explain. i personally beleive that if we were to have a no deal brexit it would leave Europe in tatters with the fact they would only have one remaining state (Germany) that contributes to the pot. so how does stashing cash on the titanic benfit Mr Mogg?
Confused about Brexit? Follow us at The UK in a Changing Europe for all the latest analyses, events, facts and videos.
Because she doesn't believe in Brexit and would find it hard to find the answers and look believable.
A nation ‘bored of #Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
What absolute traitorous shite. Anyone voting with a Tory government must be deselected. No ifs. No buts.
Oh joy. Boris Johnson calls attempts to frustrate Brexit an attempt by the “deep state”
Let me be clear: Of their staff about our precious United Kingdom, at a much better balance the books we would willingly make. In return, the NHS too. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit #TheresaMay #Conservatives
Brexit in a nutshell
It doesn’t. It’s remaining impartial to pro-Brexit comments. This shouldn’t be hard to grasp.
Might be nice if you could actually listen to your membership... most of who don't want an election but would rather see brexit stopped first. Sort out Brexit then maybe the country would have the enthusiasm for a GE!
The answer is simple. Vote in Boris as PM
“Parliament is taking back control” and when we can’t, we conveniently get to cancel brexit”
We are all 'Leave Remain' #Brexit
On Sunday it’s 2 years since the #Trump inauguration. We’re debating how it happened and how #Brexit happened all together. Do they represent A new hope or an Empire Strikes Back? It promises to be forceful! Join us in #Cheltenham
They are doing what their job - voting down things harming the UK's best interest - &amp; that is Mays deal &amp; a no-deal Brexit. Spare me the will of the people nonsense. RT MPs voting down May’s Brexit deal are the elite revolting against democracy | Bob Seely
I've earned this snooze #MondayMotivation #MondayMorning #dog #dogs #greatdane #dogsoftwitter #dogsofinstagram #dogsarejoy #DogsAreBetterThanPeople #dogsarefamily #Chargers #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #MAGA #PetRescue #annasoubry #bercow #TalkRadio
Wall in the channel now please. And another around Surrey. #leavemeansleave #CONSERVATIVES #Brexit
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" | Zero Hedge
Note he states "for this party" Not The Country Not UK people The party.
#GBPUSD: UK Parliament still likely to reject May’s Brexit deal, but could the pound go higher anyway (perhaps after an initial drop)? ^FR #FX
hey man if i wan choclat man i go eat chpoclat man no way government go tel me wat i wan eat man wish mps wory moor on doin #brexit than wat we wan eat cos man we adults an man we go mams to so we no wan as new mam on us
Warnock always moans about referees. He must of run out of reasons the officials cost his team. It does seem a stretch to start blaming brexit for Cardiff’s struggles this year. Typical Brexiteer tho, little league mentality.
Oh and brexit,trump and across the whole of Europe I guess you wouldn't off believed all of these things according to your information so
Pound hits seven-week high on eve of vital Brexit vote
But experts, right?
So who is totally bored sick of Brexit? Sweet Mother of God it's driving me insane.
Esther McVey should never have been allowed to have a position of responsibility full stop. She also shouldn’t be allowed near a microphone - she’s woefully ill informed and inept.
Why are ScotPol people bringing up 1979 as if that *justifies* ignoring referendum results? Overturning devolution was undemocratic. Overturning brexit would be every bit as undemocratic.
There is only one shape for Brexit Mr. Boles and that is OUT. Not half in and with the EU hand still tight around our throat. If that is YOUR idea of how a democratic mandate works and what we want, you're in the wrong line of work mate. Stand down now. Make way for a democrat.
Going well
#MondayMotivation forget about and what she is doing to this country forget about #brexit and forget the mess this country is in you might find Monday’s aren’t that bad
R/T ScotNational "This is a high risk pregnancy and I am doing this against doctor’s advice,”
A thread which tells you all you need to know about the current levels of hypocrisy amongst large swathes of the Tory party, particularly those on the side of Brexit
This: from the kid who wouldn’t do his homework. The county that voted ‘out’ despite receiving £80m pa from EU. Voters blame council for ‘not explaining.’
It’s purely an ideology, there’s absolutely no substance to brexit now it’s been exposed
Every Brexit option leaves UK in a worse position than before
This makes my blood boil. Not only that she’s been pushed into this position by the immorality of the Tories but that she’s being forced to share private medical information. Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays medical treatment for Brexit vote
He’s right that Brexit isn’t really about the EU but about the exploitation of the working classes over decades, but because Brexit won’t fix those problems but make them worse it should be dropped.
Brits will vote for an EU government in MAY if Brexit is delivered
This is an important, if sparse, story on what is coming for the world economically. Indicators are showing signs of slowdown and the US nationalist agenda along with Brexit are going to make it all worse. Now the ECB is not using common sense economics. SMDH.
If he says there's no way to reverse #brexit, then is pro-brexit and also lying. A journalist lying about the way MPs are lying is the beginning of the end. At least it's not a respectable journalist.
Good.
No you're right, May has navigated Brexit into a weakened position.
She did that on the day she trigger article 50 without any plan, and later on in caving in to the red flags of racists and fascists. And WE STILL HAVE NO PLAN OR IDEA OF WHAT THE UK WANTS!!!
The government officials denying the right to a 2nd #Brexit referendum were demanding a 2nd referendum back in the day when one would have suited them.
Yes! promotes civil disobedience with “Acid Brexit”
Caused in part by he #Brexit plans in the Tory manifesto, prior to which they had a majority.
The last part is true especially with brexit coming up... Do wonder WHY people like are not bothered or he is like May who like to cherry pick and offended those who voted for and not for brexit at the same time.
#Tory whip Gareth Johnson has resigned #Brexit
People call this effective cancellation of Brexit 'May's deal'. But it is actually the EU's deal - written by them, and - in the EU's words - 'with very little input from the UK side'. Think about that. 'Very little input' from May's gang of EU puppets on this 'deal'.
Good news for the post-Brexit economy
no shit sherlock
While the Tories argue about the total chaos of Brexit the poor people are suffering from so many problems. Uk is going to pot, ordinary people badly need a caring govt. Labour now
I think the door has already been opened for these populist political forces. What do you think?
Young’s Joins Carluccio’s in Promise to Pay for EU Worker Settled Status Claims #Brexit #Business #Chefs
There will be a year delay...that was in the books since Fall... May cant pass this, EU wont renegotiate... New EU commission and post May resignation will see new round of negotiations with a Brexit resolution. UK cant simply just cancel it, the voters would have their heads
is Bandersnatch really about brexit and how they gave us a choice and how we picked the wrong choice and they won't follow through so we will have to pick again the right choice that they tell us? #imakenosense
If they want to usurp Brexit by foul means, they had better be prepared for the violent backlash that their actions provoke, both on the streets and at the ballot box.
You know your big vote is going well when your party whip quits the government the day before it takes place
Vince &amp; his Remain cronies are on 7% &amp; are austerity enablers who supported the catastrophic Tories whose policies enabled Brexit. Yea, keep on repeating the same mistakes, that’ll end well.
When Brexit hits I'm going to do what my Grandad did in the war and embrace the old Blitz spirit! (rob your houses while you're cowering in a bomb shelter).
I'm so fed up listening to desperate politicians talking bollotics about brexit. Their plan 'A' was a shambles. Now they are talking about a plan b? WTF? plan 'A' was brexit. No strings attached. Now, get on with it...
Why on earth would anyone want to take back control if the Tories or this sorry lot are in charge of governing Britain?
Or, a radical charismatic leader could persuade those voters that it’s in their best interests not to go along with brexit as the the key plank in the far right’s platform.
The biggest threat to the U.K. over brexit is not a no deal, it’s Jeremy Corbyn #notfittolead
Brexit should only ever be described as the 'will of the English people': Two of the UK's four constituent nations voted against.
She's just trying to cajole the most maniacal Tory right-wingers into supporting her deal, because Brexit being stopped is their worst nightmare.
Cardiff City has released a stated as per which they are going to distance themselves from the comment of Neil Warnock on Brexit. This had been made after the drawn match against...
..have you seen this?
I’m persistent cos’ Brexit is democratically deficient. Cos’ it will hurt my family, especially those who can not leave with me. I’m persistent because I’m European and have been all my life. I don’t want it stealing from me. I’m persistent cos’ that’s who I am. #Remain
I have never known a time when Opinion Polls are likely to be such poor indicators of an election outcome. The Brexit complication distorts everything.
#Brexit All Brexit lovers, stop it. You will lose out a lot...Don't fall in for populistic politicians. You will only stand to profit by staying in the EU..
Brexit I wonder how many Remain MP's have taken back handers from the EU
But who knew him !
Theresa May delivers last-ditch speech urging MPs to back her deal after preview contained false claim - follow live updates
For it to be a Brexit metaphor Murray would have had to smash his racket, play with his wrong hand and hop on one leg for the whole match.
#Brexit already There was a F'n #Referendum
perhaps you can get some clarification on this!
She's about to scramble over that fence into Brexit Land.
I'm looking forward to seeing this. The 1st Brexit film was excellent
ALL Labour MP's who support #maybot Brexit Plan should be expelled. They're closet Blairites/Tories and NOT socialist.
UK financial services industry moves $1 trillion in assets to Europe due to Brexit, survey says. via
Theresa May criticised for 'hypocrisy' after voting in 1998 against the Welsh Assembly and in favour of a wrecking amendment to the Scotland Bill
What a twat!!!
Brexit is an upper middle class fight, whatever the support bases the two camps have rallied. Public school boys banging the table and yelling "sound" vs public school boys pretending they're giving a debating club speech.
Sad to say Britain these days is still divided, probably more than we have ever been before in our Islands history. An old saying went this: Divide and ye shall conquer’. What If the PM does decide to cancel Brexit,would the Government feel the wrath of the British? Uncertainty.
Err because we had a “people’s” vote in 2016 and they voted to LEAVE. What’s so complicated about that #Brexit
Oh well, shame brexit is dead anyway.
UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after Brexit? Government has astonishing record of fighting demands to meet legal obligations
One day she might realize that not many people outside the UK care, and the knew that do think she’s a big dumb dumb
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
She is the one thwarting Brexit. It is SHE who people are angry at. We want Brexit, People voted twice for Brexit once in ref, and once in GE. Now she is saying her so called deal is the only one. She lies, no deal is the way forward. But she is a REMAINER,
Buy now @ eBay £495 or best offer Also available @ Godaddy (no offers) Max Verstappen F1 ! **Valued at £1,449** (freevaluator) #F1 #MaxVerstappen #dutch #Marketing #startup #sport #Brexit
My guilty pleasure: WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT. Sorry, can’t help it
Jeremy Corbyn Labour Party Brexit splits deepen as MP comes out to back May's Brexit deal
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories... +1 UKBot #UK #news
Not the UK politics isn't entirely backwards, but isn't there another way to vote? Are we that backward?
People call this effective cancellation of Brexit 'May's deal'. But it is actually the EU's deal - written by them, and - in the EU's words - 'with very little input from the UK side'. Think about that. 'Very little input' from May's gang of EU puppets on this 'deal'.
There will be capital flight because of Brexit &amp; because of Corbyn's 'socialist' policies. He will find it very hard to carry out the promises on his manifesto this time around + he will have an albatross around his neck that over 70% of his members don't want.
I'm keeping an eye on which of our neighbours look weak. This knowledge will be invaluable when everything goes south post-#Brexit. We're on a street of old people - they'll be chewy, but we've got a slow cooker #Calories
I just can’t understand why are in favour of brexit considering its implementation is anti uk unionism.
Brilliant! This is the funniest Brexit tweet ever!
Brexit, vote the deal through, vote against the deal, a people’s vote, another referendum! Meanwhile the sick, the homeless, the poor, people suffering from mental illness, ever growing food banks all this does not matter. What kind of society have the present government created
100 MEPs have signed a letter urging Britain not to quit the EU. If they truly wanted us to stay, they would offer a looser arrangement. Instead, they inform us that Brexit will be a "disaster" and tell us to change our minds. They really don't get us, do they?
How many more will she lose today... Her deal is going to be voted down, the only question is by how many!
After 3 yrs of trading,F&amp;F is closing.High rents &amp; exorbitant bus rates have made it difficult to turn a profit &amp; there comes a time when working without salary has to stop.The prospect of no-deal #Brexit has also precipitated my decision to close as suppliers have confirmed 1/2
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
I’ve been very clear, I intend to form a strong and stable government. Brexit means Brexit.
Her letter of last year might explain her position..
Thread. Your periodic reminder that politics is about power, not principle. #Brexit #StopBrexit #ProplesVote
When yer doon ask what the fuck is happnin wi brexit
No brexit
What a nose! And a loser
Join [Friday 25 Jan] for our annual #retail seminar. Our speakers will explore #Christmas trading results, the potential impact of #Brexit and discuss other #retail trends &amp; spending themes for 2019 &amp; beyond - Sign up here:
Health and safety arrangements if there is no deal. #brexit
Theresa May says there are only 2 options for Brexit. Accept her deal or abandon Brexit, "ignoring the will of the British people." Well Theresa, speaking as one of those British people, now that we know what's involved in leaving, I want a 2nd referendum. Please don't ignore me.
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
You try to blame anyone else for the brexit mess but yourself.
Highly recommended (and less complex than Brexit!)
Civil war is on the way...they underestimated the British public at the referendum...and they are underestimating the British anger if they are betrayed by the government!
Does anyone else think that Theresa May is probably getting sick of all the bollocks already? #brexit #votedin #letsjustgetonwithit
Next up, we talk to from about what to expect after Tuesday's #Brexit vote.
Whether Leave or Remain, we must all take a stand against harassment and intimidation says
[REUTERS] Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal |
People call this effective cancellation of Brexit 'May's deal'. But it is actually the EU's deal - written by them, and - in the EU's words - 'with very little input from the UK side'. Think about that. 'Very little input' from May's gang of EU puppets on this 'deal'.
It was not up to #remain to implement #brexit. People who deeply believe in European unity were not going to suddenly think the total opposite. It was up to #Brexiteers who had won Referendum to come up with coherent national plan, win approval, and implement it. They never have.
ABC News: No Brexit would be catastrophic for UK, Theresa May warns ahead of crucial vote. via
Electric Vehicle Charging Course C&amp;G 2919 study on line and take the exam at one of our centres only £325 and get an extra 10% off Pre Brexit go to or email/ tweet me
Theresa May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
10 Things Delayed by Brexit -
You have a go at Warnock for his Brexit opinion yet you dont shut up about it, its ok for you but nobody else?, we either ALL can have an opinion or none of us can. seem you dont like people having a different opinion to yourself eh.
Heh, we’ve been revisiting Blackadder. Reckon they need to bring it back and tackle Brexit (and I’d say calling Corbyn Baldrick is too generous. He’s the actual turnip)
Too little too late
Interesting read, and some very fair points, though not clear what the relevance is in point to the Brexit defecit I raised?
Theresa May: MPs ‘have a duty’ to implement Brexit referendum result [ ]
If anything - ANYTHING - says Brexit more than this utter twaddle I’ve yet to read/hear it.
What does #Brexit mean for UK businesses’ #energy supply?
British Prime Minister Theresa May offered both a promise on workers’ rights and a reassuring letter from European Union leaders on Monday as she implored British lawmakers to support her floundering Brexit deal.
Not just my opinion its also the finding of every economic analysis. After #brexit GDP will shrink by up to 8%. Despite asking every prominent promoter of it, no one can tell me one real tangible benefit of Brexit. All they have is ideological claptrap &amp; I dont want to be poorer
A man whose bank account is handsomely increased by a Malaysian man says to hell with the rest of the world. Typical statement from someone financially isolated from any potential negative impacts of Brexit. Twat
As Brexit enters its most critical phase, 's excellent Brexit Bulletin newsletter will now be sent exclusively to our valued subscribers. Sign up here:
LIVE: Theresa May Delivers Key #Brexit #Speech at Stoke-on-Trent Factory via 18 min. in waiting Full #UK #EU #US #World #Politics #Business #News Presser-oic later #TheresaMay #Water #Gulp #Conservatives #Truth ps atrocious lipstick on teeth alert
Japan PM: World against no-deal Brexit
Theresa May : "for country's sake", urges MPs to back Brexit deal.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Woweeee
Kill Brexit. #RevokeArticle50
This just in: after Brexit the government will have to hand out Imodium pills to stop bowel movements. Weekly rationing of sheets at your local council offices?
So what you're saying is Brexit was proved in from 2013?
The EU is no land of milk and honey Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten ??? read my article cklich here … …
She lied.
I'm talking about my teeth here not Brexit
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson resigns, saying he cannot support the government's position on Brexit 'when it is clear this deal would be detrimental to our nation's interests'
BREAKING: In an impassioned plea, Theresa May has promised to 'nosh off' any MP that backs her Brexit deal tomorrow.
Not sure which UK you've been living in. Rather the UK is controlled by a corrupt government,who are destroying the NHS,killing public services,have folk eating from food banks, brought us the utter disaster of Brexit and lie and BS at every turn. Hatey loves to gaslight. Wake up
If it was a decent deal and good for the UK they wouldn’t need persuading. Our government is so corrupt it’s now a bad joke and an embarrassment #Brexit #GoWTO
Precisely. So bank the 39B, call their bluff and go with a clean Brexit, trade with them on WTO arrangements to start with, they’ll soon improve the deal; and most importantly open our market to Commonwealth and other markets.
No but it is an unnecessary and dangerous experiment in creative destruction and fails to provide any compromise with the 16m+ people who believe Brexit is a bad idea and cannot understand why the Conservative acts as if they do not exist
You can’t Brexit from the EU. But the UK can’t. Up to UK is it a full Brexit and leave Northern Ireland behind. Or it is be in EU with all but name with no power.
Will No Deal Brexit lead to panic-buying of sex arses? Sunday Sport investigates this weekend...
Excellent '#MeaningfulVote and #Brexit: what happens next?' diagram by #mondaythoughts
#BREXIT: UK ATTORNEY GENERAL SAYS IT IS UNLIKELY THAT THE EU WILL WISH TO RELY ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE IRISH BACKSTOP PROVISION
"No deal Brexit: Export and printing logistics are key trade concerns" #logistics #news
'I find the idea of another referendum unappealing but to put it simply, Brexit is worse'
No #Brexit will immediately improve the value of the pound and confidence in the economy removing the uncertainty hovering over big business much if which is represent on close links with Europe #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Tell that to the 49% of Unemployed Greek Youth (under 35s) who are jobless thanks to the ideologically driven austerity forced on them by the German-led EU!
GBP up Before Brexit Storm, EUR Resilient, AUD Underperforms - US Market Open | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
The Westminster saga is providing some good news for the Pound; Sterling found support above $1.28, as Brexit becomes less likely. It is expected that parliament will reject Mrs May’s plan, unless she can convince the Eurosceptics to support her.
the robert drakes media network is out! #brexit #felizlunes
So do you have any concrete proposals for avoiding the chaos of a No Deal Brexit? If the EU were to backpedal on the Backstop, would you consider supporting May's deal. Or are you intent on causing the chaos of a no deal Brexit?
So another resignation over Brexit. Why can't the entire Tory party just do the most honourable thing in their vile lives and resign from politics all together?!
The latter. Especially as brexit is being used to justify the mismanagement of the nation.
May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation
Precisely. So bank the 39B, call their bluff and go with a clean Brexit, trade with them on WTO arrangements to start with, they’ll soon improve the deal; and most importantly open our market to Commonwealth and other markets.
In what way is a country asserting its right to run its own economy failing to live with its neighbours? You seem to have no idea why the UK voted for #Brexit - see #PeoplesVote
Will of the people The honourable thing There will be civil unrest Act of gross betrayal Vote leave illegality didn't affect result Brexit means brexit Enable us to forge a new relationship Outward looking Boost the economy
Guidance: Prepare to drive in the EU after Brexit #tqtme
May must be stopped...she can not be allowed with her remain mates to postpone or cancel brexit...
Only Blairites could be so deluded ..as to think that they can justify betraying Labour voters+voting for Mays deal by saying they are just "honouring the Brexit vote" The Bad Boys of Brexit arent voting for it though Blairboys...so why the fuck are you?
Disgraceful.
...criminally under-prepared Brexit nutters have been stymied by stalking horse republicans is tired, lazy &amp; has already failed too many times. Mind you, if you really believe that ‘Global Britain’ has been completely out-manoeuvred by a handful of crafty Irish republicans ...
EU sends letter of reassurance to Theresa May but warns nothing about Brexit deal can be changed
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Oh dear... someone a bit off it.
Either she is being disingenuous, or is as baffled by the Brexit process as a number of other MPs appear to be. At this point, Brexit can only be halted or delayed if the govt puts forward legislation to do so. This would require purposeful action by the PM.
UK Conservative whip Gareth Johnson announces his resignation one day before UK parliament's delayed vote on UK Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal
She's about to betray an entire nation by sabotaging Brexit in favor of the EU. I'd look shifty as well.
But equally the suits/ex-footballers etc don't necessarily know the depths of what they're doing more than keen observers. It just seems like whoever can shout the loudest will be heard. The "experts" are swatted aside when their opinions on football/brexit are incompatible
The result was #leave. But has concocted a #leave deal that is not #leave. May must go. We must go, on a no-deal #Brexit.
It's time for Corbyn to put his personal feelings aside and listen to his party #peolesvote
Ahead of a crucial vote on draft #Brexit agreement, #TrevorReed, Managing Director of , argues that #imports and #exports firms shouldn’t risk waiting for the outcome of parliamentary deliberations (
Suggests that as long as when the time comes it is not clear whether Brexit has happened or not, then we should all be happy.
How will this deal achieve Brexit?
What mess are we in? The only mess we are in is not having a government that really wants to commit to brexit.
[REUTERS] Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal |
Brexit oh Brexit
Half of your tweet is accurate.... never liked the result and don’t agree with it but I’ve accepted we will be leaving and am preparing accordingly. I’ll still continue to give my perspective on Brexit as would those who voted leave had the initial vote gone the other way.
I don't understand why people get so upset about this clip. We know TM voted Remain. It's not strange to assume she thinks leave has downsides and her job's to do damage control for brexit. Otherwise she would have voted Leave. Why is JOB pointing that out so infuriating to some?
People call this effective cancellation of Brexit 'May's deal'. But it is actually the EU's deal - written by them, and - in the EU's words - 'with very little input from the UK side'. Think about that. 'Very little input' from May's gang of EU puppets on this 'deal'.
The question on everyone's lips: 'Will exchange rates improve after tomorrow's #Brexit vote?' Going away and need travel money? Buy yours online now &gt;&gt;
BBCNEWS 5:39am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Johnson: Deal detrimental to the nation's interests; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Conservative Whip Gareth...
I'm even afraid of buying a because the Brexit. Your whole country is full of rain and pessimism
HARD BREXIT YeeeeeeeeS
Another one bites the dust Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
The only solution is to cancel #Brexit. Not since the British voted out #Churchill at the end of WW2 have they caused such an unnecessary self inflicted wound as to vote to leave the #EU.
Notwithstanding the other parts of the proposal going down like a lead balloon, why would Corbyn want to cancel Brexit?
Just keep retweeting this .
The latest #More #Coffee #Now! #ausopen #brexit
pre brexit cops = election post migrant crisis the exact &lt;&gt; because of the mix to keep conservatism was the trap
May asked about EU leaders now expect that article 50 will have to be extended, 'Look, we’re leaving on 29 March. I’ve been clear that I don’t believe we should be extending article 50 and I don’t believe we should be having a second referendum.'
ANDREW PIERCE reveals the Motley crew of Tory MPs conspiring to seize power from Theresa May after rejecting her Brexit deal "The list of traitors"
What could happen after MPs have their say on Theresa May's deal
Baby to be named.......? (Brexit term)
May loses vote, Labour lose ensuing confidence vote, EU agrees to A50 extension subject to a #PeoplesVote.
Both trumps border policy and Brexit are being driven by division. Both are rooted in spurious notions of them and us. History tells us this is a very dangerous road to go down and we are charging towards it based on lies. Watch the video again, it explains it very well.
Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous - George Will via
wall in the channel to keep european migrants out of the UK too please. #trump #Brexit #news #immigrationmatters
Spot on.
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal - “a profession in disarray…” Are they really a profession? Who regulates them? Do they adhere to the Nolan principles?
She has clearly achieved 2 of her 12 objectives at Lan Hous Certainty Control of laws Strengthen Union Maintain CTA Control of immigration Rights for EU nationals Protect workers rights FTA with EU FTAs with others Best place for Science Co-op in crime Smooth Brexit
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' No it doesn’t deliver what 17.4M voted for! Leave WTO! Anything else will create absolute civil chaos, far worse than Paris!
Gah! This'll confuse older #Brexit Quitters...
Becky on Brexit: “The referendum was like asking someone at the point of orgasm, ‘are you sure about this?’ but now they are 16 hours of contractions into labour and the question feels a little different.” #graphic
Buy now @ eBay £495 or best offer **Valued at £1,537** (freevaluator) Also available @ Godaddy (no offers) #florida #Marketing #branding #Entrepreneur #Trump #USA #Brexit #RealEstate
What would happen if the British public refused to pay taxes unless the referendum vote of 2016 was upheld and #brexit was delivered?
Not the point I was making though I can see why you'd think I was. Your point though ... Clearly the answer would be nation; We joined with one Parliament &amp; leave with four. #BrExit has highlighted the democratic deficit &amp; powerlessness of the devolved administrations in the UK
Britons, dare to learn German: "sich ins Knie ficken", lit. "to fuck yourself into the knee": figuratively for: acting irrational, against personal well-being and own goals. Examples: leaving a benefiting and meaningful relationship or community. #Brexit #BrexitVote #TheresaMay
Eurozone industrial output falls most in almost three years #brexit #ukip via
No Brexit in my opinion, but who cares what I think. The one thing this whole thing has proven, is that the country has continued running while the MPs do battle over Brexit. Do we really need them.
Your the kind of person that if brexit happens will be praying the uk goes bankrupt and falls on extremely hard times just so you can say “told you so” proper wankers people like you are
Should’ve kept these tweets in the drafts
Theresa May’s last-ditch Brexit plea backfires after false Welsh assembly claim | The Independent
Why is Brexit populist?
Journalism is all about having the courage to ask the questions people actually need answered.
Reads to me like his advice is it's this deal or no brexit?
"Any British decision to stay in the EU would be greatly welcomed by us." #Brexit
What annoys me (veteran of 4 c-sections) about this is how the NHS have just re-jigged their schedules to suit. My son was born earlier than he should have been (37 weeks) &amp; needed NICU because of theatre scheduling.
John Harris is right in saying that following the #Brexit vote, people are more fed up and cynical with politicians and dismiss political representation altogether. Brexit could pave the way to an economic disaster and a political catastrophe.
any second #brexit ref could start with the #Leave side 1.3 million to the good over #remain
but does it have an alternative plan for Brexit
The people’s vote wasn’t about voting for deal or no deal. It was about voting in or out. It’s not about winning in #parliment but delivering on what the majority of the British public voted for whatever your believes.#brexit #PrimeMinister #BBCBreakfast #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
Excellent comments. As to The Times article, just from the caption I would note 1 example - Brexit. Issue is not with ref or result but last two years+ of total meltdown, ability of UK government to take decisions &amp; govern. The way it's been handled is a complete and utter joke.
Hmmm, don't remember it being in the 1997 Conservative party election manifesto (i.e. the policy these MPs were elected on) to support Welsh devolution, whereas it was in the 2017 Tory manifesto to support Brexit, as it was in Labour's. So what's your point?
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Why has the argument for Brexit gone from "it'll be a wonderful improvement" to "we can cope with the shock to our economy"?
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Why? You can't even tell us how Labour would campaign on Brexit- THE most important issue of our time. You are inept, incompetent and duplicitous. #PeoplesVote
The same details except for the fall in the pound (which is mostly due to speculators and fear mongers) can be said for most western countries. That's not Brexit that's the downturn in China and the Trump effect. Some people are dumb.
What’s the link between Brexit and gender balance? #Women remain an under-utilized and under-supported resource in the U.K. #Brexit will raise the stakes – and the cost – of mismanaging half the country’s potential labor force. #genderbalance #skills
LABOUR CIVIL WAR: Left-wing fury as Corbyn dismisses second referendum hopes
His job is to tell everyone to vote for Theresa's deal. This is very symbolic via
Bye bye to our rebate at the end of 2020 even of we cancelled brexit.
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal ReutersUS
Perhaps you can elaborate on just who you refer to "threats" and "lies" for me it's clearly been from those Tory MPs hell bent on derailing Brexit and the likes of the BBC, Sky, Guardian, MSN and independent media.#WTOLetsGo
I read enough of the contents to know it was twaddle, I have since read more as it's fascinating to read what nonsense people believe. I didn't see his name and say it was twaddle, I saw his name read the twaddle and said it was twaddle, and rightly so. Ok so back to brexit :)
Claudia de Breij a famous Dutch singer/ songwriter sings her interpretation of her feelings about Brexit.
If you think that’s my logic then your own logic reasoning is faulty. If you want to know the culprits for this mess look no further than the scheming politicians and moaning remainers who’ve attempted to sabotage brexit from day 1 rather than getting behind it to make it work
The 6 point lead and another 30 points are solely down to the expectation that Mrs May's fake backstop trap deal will fail and a nice clean managed WTO rules exit will be fully implemented. #WTOLetsGo #BREXIT #PoliticsLive #Betrayal #Backstop #EU #MeaningfulVote
'Must be Brexit - UK GDP growth now outstrips major EU economies' - but, 'the growth trajectory of the British economy (inasmuch as there is one) is very unbalanced' .
We voted to leave the EU. If you can’t accept losing, you are a traitor to democracy. If you go around spreading lies to try and overturn democracy, you are a traitor to the people. If you don’t support no-deal Brexit now, you are a traitor to the country.
Brexit in a nutshell.
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit Would Be Catastrophic
It won’t work, we’ve wised up to their scare tactics
#Brexit The current #EU is a federation A cross-party consensus exists to #remain in a CONFEDERATED union
I have to say I find the certainty of those who argue against NoDeal Brexit unsettling. How do they know for sure? Can they tell me the winner of the next Grand National?
Correct. it is Parliament that is elected, not the government, which, in this case, is a minority government at the DUP's mercy. The DUP has all but abandoned this government on Brexit. Theresa May's executive has no legs. So if Parliament does not assert itself, who will?
Absolutely agree..the reason why is spot on. The world is so awful right now. This is so much light and creates smiles. Things we miss. Pre #Trump and #Brexit
WHO? Great! Get some experience in the whips office!
So theres no Brexit then.
Shows up the farce of his leadership!
I mean as far as I'm aware, every poll that's be done since the referendum has concluded that the majority of people wish for us to remain.
The government whip - who's supposed to be, you know, getting votes for May's deal tomorrow - has resigned because he doesn't support the deal. I say my life is a shambles about 10x a day, but thank goodness it isn't as much of a shambles as our government right now #Brexit
Literally the only Brexit which is ‘deliverable’ is a no-deal Brexit, with all its dire consequences. But it wasn’t on offer in 2016. Leave won by making undeliverable promises &amp; people fell for them. Tories &amp; Labour have continued to lie since then. Time to reassess.
It is time to address fact that an appalling Prime Minister is openly telling porkies while trying to persuade wavering Tory MPs to vote for her bad Brexit deal. Knowing there had already been bad reaction to her leaked speech, Mrs May still went ahead &amp; told this utter whopper.
I don't think there's ever been a country shooting themselves in the foot slow motion like the UK with Brexit. The referendum is literally non-binding.
Everything Archbishop has been saying about Brexit is eminently worthy of respect IMO...
Here's a better one. We had the People's vote already. Short memory? You voted on it, remember? It was in all the papers!
Theresa May delivers last-ditch speech urging MPs to back her deal after preview contained false claim - follow live updates
Despite a No Junk Mail sign on the door, a #Wetherspoons "magazine" full of Brexit opinion pieces and editorial drivel from Tim Martin dropped thru the letterbox. Smell that whiff of desperation? Hope it cost him £000,000s to produce &amp; it won't affect my boycott of his pubs.
Who could possibly say otherwise?
Oh this just gets better.................Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Theresa May's statements here are yet again simply untrue. She knows that she is lying to the British p
How do MPs actually cast their votes and what happens if the prime minister loses? Take the behind-the-scenes tour of the Commons ahead of crunch Brexit decision
A by-product of the Brexit debate is people are regularly lulled into the false sense that those who are intelligent and on the same side as you are probably fairly decent people...
Does #Brexit mean you should get euros out for your holidays TODAY? Experts say act NOW
Brexit Voting: strong volatility and conditions changing
Spectacular piece to camera from on just now , in terms of behind the scenes access in the Commons, and actually explaining the voting process in one long flawless take. (Brilliant camera work too). If only Brexit were so smooth
Neil Warnock on Brexit: “bravo, how brave of him to share his opinion” Anyone with relevant expertise: “shut up &amp; stop scaremongering you remoaner” Country’s gone to the gammon.
‘GET ON WITH IT!’ Voters HATE political #Brexit bickering and demand MPs get it sorted now!
Then get rid of May and let someone who actually believes in BREXIT have a try.
Where does waiting and seeing get you? Nowhere, that's where. I need to know about wanking after Brexit.
Smart observation! May gives a #Brexit speech with a lot of mugs behind her! How very Brexit! #PeoplesVote #Brexitshambles
I voted Leave but now, to protect my LGBT+ rights, I want a People’s Vote via
Brexit: my role in its downfall (or not). Column today for
Hopefully this mess leads to a Labour govt and Brexit scrapped completely or renegotiated terms with the EU
But ok to accept Brexit on a far lower percentage? No!
Only your Brexit betrayal you two faced cow.
I wonder if John Bercow will try and go against Brexit again as a remainer as he did last week in the House of Commons.
Sounds a lot like Brexit....
If this analysis is correct, and Brexit can indeed only be halted by the Prime Minister’s own hand, does this mean that the PM’s talk of “no Brexit” this morning can be construed as a threat to do just that?
#TheresaMay, 'no #Brexit' is not a risk. Stop saying it's a risk. People are waaay past caring about brexiting.
WTO Should be considered as an option but I'm afraid that if the parliament had to chose between NO-DEAL or NO-BREXIT some MPs would prefer the second one. "Don't make best brexit deal, the enemy of a good deal"
Best summary of #Brexit Cut of your nose to spite your face.
When your brexit argument isn’t working go for the man, sore loser femi
Theresa May mocked for delivering Brexit speech in front of 'a load of mugs' - Evening Standard
You mean Brexit. But how's Brexit racist
So if Brexit id not remotley like what was promised, why would it bother you? The promises didnt gain a vote to Leave from you anyway.
Breach of trust, you say.
Read the detail on how Theresa May tried to twist history &amp; conveniently forgot her own voting record on the #Welsh Referendum. Well done
I’m going to write a letter to Bill Gates demanding that he gives me £10million. Either he accepts or I throw myself off a cliff.
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
He's resigned because he was hoping that up until the very last day, the EU might make concessions. They haven't in the letters published TODAY so he's resigned. #Brexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll #BrexitVote
Sheer arrogance &amp; contempt for those other than his elitist chums. It's a Losers vote. If without your elves u are incapable of making a decision for yourself then don't project on the rest. I knew what i voted for in the 2nd People's Vote in 2016. First being 1975. #Brexit
BBCNEWS 5:40am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Parliament to vote on Withdrawal agreement tomorrow' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Johnson: Deal detrimental...
I’m 63 and know no one in my social circle who supports Brexit, in fact in the past 2 years I’ve only met one person who voted leave.
Breaking News: DUP reject Tusk and Juncker's letter... Theresa May loses big tomorrow.
If the pigs stop brexit i hope all hell breaks loose.. really
If we left with the Norway option that would be leaving ...which I’ve no doubt would be unacceptable to you...my point is that there is no simple solution to leave as it was never outlined by those demanding Brexit..in the interim your answer to the backstop?in fact don’t answer
I agree with you, but then why can't Theresa May not accept promises were broken and then why is she still intent on bringing us out? Parliament and MPs need to step up to challenge and vote against her no-deal #Brexit in tomorrow's vote.
When she says she won't, that means she certainly will.
Tory Liam Fox's incredible new Brexit slogan wasn't on the side of a bus
Sterling hits a seven-week high against the dollar as British PM Theresa May delivers an upbeat speech on the eve of a key #Brexit vote by
Clusterfuck to the Commons House (of). #Brexit
Interpretation? The leave camp broke the law as interpreted by the official body that looks into the issue and were reported to the police. The remain camp did not. There are loads of other cases of pro-brexit groups breaking the law too:
Morrison annoys the hell out of me because you can never ever do a full shop because something integral to your weekly shop is out of stock. If it's this bad now, Brexit will end them.
Brexit didn’t cause the 2008 banking fraud which lead to the poorest becoming poorer. Brexit is a middle class meme.
We were never gonna leave, the establishment will do what ever they want. The people are just dog shit to them. #Brexit
Park 90 trucks outside 10 Downing Street - that would make Conservatives think about their economy damaging policies - they used to be 'party of business' but now they are the biased 'party of vested interests'
Sunderland Echo poll shows 70 per cent say Brexit should go ahead even without a deal with EU
Looks like my usual New Years resolution to lose two stone might be a bit easier this year ..
‘You don’t understand how politics works!’ – Esther McVey scraps with Sky News host Adam Boulton on Brexit and Universal Credit
Meanwhile this country gets neglected... homeless,kids with depression , lack of school funding and NHS on its knees... sooner the better Brexit is out to bed one way or another the better .....
You mean the placards on the Losers Vote march which said 'F**k Brexit' and kids were seen holding them?
on talking about emotional &amp; mental effect of Brexit on people. If it's affecting UK people so badly, please spare a thought for all EU citizens who could be losing their lives, homes and jobs ... Emotional turmoil doesn't come close to it
This is bull dust. MPs regularly ignore the "will of the people" when following the party whip on any number of issues which the government and/or opposition want to push. The wishes of constituents matter little on such occasions.
Kettles aren't common household appliances in America and are actually hard to find in stores, and honestly this is worse than brexit
Kin ell, if a no-deal Brexit means free membership of the EU, as this doofus describes, I'm all for it as well. Can I have Amazon Prime on the same basis too?
"The implications for the green economy are as significant as they are obvious. The problem is trying to calculate which path forward promises the lowest risks and the highest rewards" - on tomorrow's #Brexit vote
They think this is an important matter when democracy is just about to be binned by the useless Tories? If Brexit is binned whatever MP's want or pass a law on doesn't matter because people will ignore this House of self righteous prigs. No legitimacy.
DUP rejects ‘meaningless assurances’ from EU on Brexit backstop – Dodds calls for ‘real changes’ to withdrawal agreement
If parliament won't allow Brexit, we can vote for a new parliamentarians in a few years (if not sooner) that will allow it. Don't be so daft by voting for May's Indefinite Madness!
Just like your views on #Brexit can't cope with people having alternative views. To belittle every opposing view is both immature and belies your misplaced arrogance. BTW, he's just a footballer, not a brain surgeon.
After this Brexit shambles it’s a new political party with real people and fresh ideas that is required. Parties that represent themselves, their egos and not the electorate have passed their sell by date.
She would do well to remember her constituency vote has a majority for Brexit.
A tiny pause from all Brexit nonsense
Fine, then do it. Have a 2nd Referendum and then we’ll all know for sure. The facts are quite clear the lies were all in favor of Brexit. Just ask yourself why is Putin so happy about it? Anything that weakens NATO or the EU or the global community makes him happy.
Did a brexiteer seriously just imply that the EU poses the same threat to Britain as Hitler did to Germany &amp; the rest of the world? WHAT ON EARTH does a failed piece of 1930’s foreign policy have to do with 2019 Brexit?!?! Lol I give up #LBC
This is going well
The only people who got fooled were the people who voted for brexit in the first place. Good to see many have admitted they were misinformed and have changed their minds. The real fools are the ones who still think it's a good idea.
New Post: No disruption to flights after Brexit
That’s her scaremongering as usual, I honestly have no faith in Tory party or it’s so called leader, I voted remain but I’ve heard so much about brexit( every day since the ref) I don’t care anymore
United Ireland and an independent Scotland,then the union of England and Wales can have as hard a Brexit as is humanly possible!!!!
"Brexit: The Uncivil War" Were UK Electorate lied to, duped and manipulated by bored millionaire and billionaire backers? Not one iota of concern for impact of BREXIT on everyday lives of UK citizens! Just a Game - who's playing at Politics now? …
Gareth Johnson, who joined the Government as a whip in November, has quit his post in protest at the risk of being 'perpetually constrained by the EU' under the deal Live Brexit updates:
She’s not speaking on my bahalf..... I want Brexit more than ever now after the appalling way the EU has treated us!
No Brexit better than May's . We will vote out leave MP's at GE .
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, the public has run out of patience – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock - The Independent
That is your opinion, it’s not a fact. You’re familiar with the concept of conjecture? The true success of Brexit won’t be known for at least 5-10 years.
"Any British decision to stay in the EU would be greatly welcomed by us." #Brexit
The whole idea of Brexit is "Take Back Control". But just exactly to whom is this power going to be given and how does it work? Nobody can agree. So go back to the people and happens next. But with a clear, precise question with defined methods &amp; outcomes: #PeoplesVote
The incompetence of this Tory Government especially their 'difficult' leader May Have NOT negotiated well so NO REAL choice FAILED
Pentagram #promotes civil disobedience with &amp;#8220;Acid Brexit&amp;#8221; #fastcompany #tech #leadership
This argument is debunked by the fact that the same manifesto promised Stronger Britain &amp; a Prosperous Future. All forms of Brexit weaken/impoverish Britain. So the manifesto is fundamentally undeliverable &amp; the only outstanding question is which promise is the cheapest to break
UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote
UK Conservative whip Gareth Johnson announces his resignation one day before UK parliament's delayed vote on UK Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal
When the PM says no Brexit is most likely GBP should be 1.40 !!?
EU preparing to delay Brexit until at least July
Nope, he’s still trying to feed us vegans a Brexit bacon butty
Buy now @ eBay £995 or best offer Also available @ Godaddy (no offers) **Usedcarsonline .COM is listed for sale @ Name .com for £197,000 ! #cars #Brexit #advertising #investor #Automotive
Its Brexit, or we invade the EU through France. That'll show them!
May's deal is no Brexit, not sure how anyone who actually supported can think otherwise? Only way Brexit has even a chance of happening is by rejecting it and hoping it may happen in future. Main point in 2016 was sovereignty. The WA gives more control to the EU. #fakebrexit
Gold Open was awesome! sort of counter intituative, youwould think more gold pusing it up ahead of Brexit vote.... I guess thats whay Im a day trader
Neil Warnock on Brexit: “bravo, how brave of him to share his opinion” Anyone with relevant expertise: “shut up &amp; stop scaremongering you remoaner” Country’s gone to the gammon.
At least it's good to hear your honesty! However I don't think that the country will be grateful to Brexiteers such as you if we have a No Deal Brexit and the economy shrinks by 10%...
Most brexiteers I speak to have no understanding of business, trade, importance of international cooperation and supply chains. I’ve given up debating them as they’re idiots that shun information and education. Then blame others. Brexit mentality
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Petition: Give voting rights to EU citizens in the UK and Brits abroad in a People's Vote #petition #brexit #europeans #britishabroad #vote #rights #nodeal
Is this a confession that you’ve got your angle on Brexit and politics wrong. We the 17.5m forgive you, now please go back to reporting only on football, as your experience and qualifications allow.
So the Business Secretary says a no-deal ‘should not be contemplated’ but Liam Fox now says, ‘it’s survivable’. What is the government’s message? It can’t agree within itself about the Brexit direction even after two years and countless resignations #ToriesOut #Brexit
The UK Must Get Tough on Brexit - Dick Morris via
Exactly! MPs need to remember why people vote them into office. Emphasis on people. #We’veAlreadyVoted #WeVotedToLeave #ListenOrSufferTheConsequences #ThatMeansLosingYourOffice
Good morning to all my US followers! Here are the Top 5 things you need to know before the market opens. $SPY $QQQ $DIA $IWM $VIX
We can't be offering someone from le harve free university education in Scotland after brexit but not someone from Newcastle.
Some mornings I wake up miss my Labour Party, but then I remember how they’ve abandoned me because I don’t accept their strange on #Brexit and hate that they no longer represent me or my family. #LabourNoLonger
Labour's political calculations: explaining the party’s muddled policy on Brexit via
Sterling falls as investors prepare for Brexit vote -
The only circumstance he would get an election would be if Tory unity imploded and they allowed him one. Remain voters would then be in no doubt that the main party of Brexit was severely undermined so they're hardly likely to vote for another Brexit supporting party are they?
Sterling falls as investors prepare for Brexit vote -
Spot on !
If the result of the 2nd referendum is "leave", then we leave. But at least we'd have had a chance to vote on the absolute clusterfuck that Brexit has become over the last two years.
A bully who could not scare a fart out of a kitten yet sprays spittle in the face of an elderly guy. Give this clown enough rope as I believe along with Jess Philips he is in the running to be the dimmest MP out there.
If you’re a Carpenter in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Because these institutions are desperate to help Nay get Brexit over the line.
A few people seem surprised that Theresa May sounded deflated in her #Brexit speech in Stoke. She was in Stoke.
Former head of the UK Foreign Office...
Another incredible thread detailing the rampant hypocrisy of the government, as well as other pro-#brexit Conservative MP’s.
You know for a fact that 17.4million people voted for a No Deal Brexit over other more sensible options that were touted around before the referendum?
Brexit
The ability to shitpost about Brexit is, of course, the sole right of those living in the middle of England far from any borders or ports
If he is referring to No Brexit as political disaster for the Brextremist Tories, I consider that as an excellent bonus to remaining in the EU.
Good
The shutdown is also the GOP’s payback to Russia for all the help that Russia has given it. The shutdown weakens the US ability to respond to a coming Russian invasion of Ukraine at the exact time the EU is at its weakest due to Brexit.
The fact that she/they are happy to go ahead with brexit won by a fraudulent referendum means any confidence in democracy in this country has long gone. It will take years, possibly a full generation for faith in politics to be restored.
Liam Fox on about the possibility of no Brexit: “No Brexit is a disaster from which we might not recover” The 'we' here meaning the Tory party, the disaster capitalists, the tax Dodgers and the socially inept and/or sociopathic bastards who cling on to #Brexit
The options have to be 1. Referendum 2. May’s Deal 3. No deal exit. If you remove 3 or add no brexit it would be totally unfair on those who voted to leave. Legally bound is a bit woolly as Parliament makes the law so feasibly can change the law.
Scary..
wall in the channel please to keep out euro migrants #Brexit #CONSERVATIVES #leavemeansleave #immigration #migrants #BorisJohnson
To quit 24hrs before the brexit vote is dishonourable. One can’t make a decision to resign only now without having wrestled with the idea previously in 2018.
Its almost like telling a Brexiter that the RHA says that 95% of current UK lorries that do EU shipping will have to stop after a hard brexit only to be told Project Fear.
This statement from the prime minister is a lie , incorrect, call it what you want the ref in 79 was not honoured to Scotland even though it was higher
Do as you're telt. Brexit is exit and no ties.
They were not far short in 80+ seats. Got more votes in Wales than Plaid Cymru and more votes nationwide than LibDems and SNP combined. Those that supported UKIP in GE2015 but bottled it to vote Tory, cost UK a meaningful #Brexit.
A good example for all elected representatives,
“A hard Brexit would be a catastrophe for everyone,” Foreign Minister Josep Borrell said during a conference in Madrid.
Surely this is meaningless?
BBCNEWS 5:41am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Parliament to vote on Withdrawal agieement tomorrow' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM has made speech warning...
Savills won't like photo!
Tory whip Gareth Johnson just quit so he can vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Gareth Johnson MP resigns as Tory Whip so can vote against May's #Brexit deal. Expect more resignations.....
We have a very divided country on Brexit but you expect Labour to be 20 + points ahead. Logically speaking, that's never going to happen and certainly not with the adverse media coverage Labour has received for a very long time
Forecasters throw in towel on post-Brexit economy - but ANY outcome is BETTER than Germany
well of course she is. The EU do have plenty of form when it comes to stitching up countries that they can get their claws into. How did the country end up giving so much away in order to make trade deals, all of it done without informing the population properly or honestly.
I used to beactive on a number of atheist/secular message boards. I see FBPE the same way: "Right, we're all atheists/anti-Brexit, what shall we argue about today?"
Tory Brexit Meltdown ....... Tory whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Govt in a statement on Facebook says he can't vote for Theresa May's Brexit Deal #Brexit #brexitdeal #theresamay #JC4PM #GeneralElectionNow #ToriesOut
Dominic Grieve needs to be stopped...his ambitions are worse than Guy Fawkes and his mates....he is single handedly (well, with some small and shouty help) destroying our Parliament, our democracy, the Conservative party....and our country ...and he is a hateful shit
"Theresa May tells MPs to back her deal or risk no Brexit at all"
Every democratic political country of the 27 can exit the #EuropeanUnion, hence why Greece COULD NOT, #Brexit WILL. #UKIP party in Britain campaigned &amp; won. #AfD in Germany can too. Both proud peoples.
Ohhhhh Shite NO #LOO PAPER if #NoDealBrexit !!!!!! mmmm back to #newspaper What better way to address those #newspapers spouting #alternativefacts about #brexit via #BrexitVote #brexitshables #BrexitChaos #BrexitVote
Such is the distrust in the UK Govt
Boris Johnson is answering calls on LBC at the start of a crucial week for Brexit: via
You do know they lied to everyone during the Brexit referendum. You also do know many who voted leave didn’t vote leave - and without a deal. It’s not quite as binary as you make out.
CBI Director-General: Brexit is “a really significant threat” to business. Carolyn Fairbairn tells Prospect a no-deal outcome would bring chaos - and more firms will soon start activating their contingency plans.
The EU are drunk on their own arrogance and stupidity if they honestly think the UK will just call it off.
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it
Breaking the Brexit impasse | VOX, CEPR Policy Portal
That's why I can't understand May's attitude. For a change in status quo a qualified majority should have been required. A GE is won by 50% + 1 because results are not permanent and can be reviewed after 5 years. Brexit is irreversible, hence the need for a qualified majority
Unwinding 20-40 years of treaties and legislation etc , however long you want to recognise EU for , was never easy , but leaving a trading bloc should not be impossible like remain making out. My biggest fear is no Brexit causes terrible social unrest and hurst economy worse !
And they don't give a damn how much civil unrest will ensue, we are collateral damage in their desire to thwart the electorate and implement their sad plan, they don't care what we think, they don't care what we do, they will never allow brexit in any meaningful way!
ROLL ON BREXIT IN SCOTLAND, THINGS CAN ONLY GET BETTER.
Yes, I posted your Chatham House article about the challenges ahead many times, but obviously such pieces don’t make it outside of the bubble of people who already believe experts in the first place. It’s all so depressing.
SHOCKED.
writes: "There's nothing to fear about a no deal Brexit, as top trade officials have told me "A managed No Deal is more credible, far less scary or radical that doommongers pretend. A World Trade Deal has many benefits" via
New season of the podcast is out now! Great talking to Brits and about what it’s like to become German and about how we got here.
EU's final Brexit backstop offer to save Theresa May sparks fury - explained
LISTEN: No Brexit is now more likely than leaving without a deal - that's the warming from the PM.
Theresa May's Brexit deal comes bottom in a Northampton survey - top was no deal, 2nd no Brexit, 3rd people's vote, 4th TM's compromise. After 2 1/2 years of premiership what a failure #countrydivided
Oh dear. How do we build cars when components have to cross UK-EU borders multiple times?
Cardiff City moves to distance the club from manager Neil Warnock's take on Brexit. "I can't wait to get out of [the EU], if I'm honest. I think we'll be far better out of the thing - in every aspect, football-wise as well, absolutely...To hell with the rest of the world."
Extraordinary.
The trouble there though is there are no options. Since Farage left UKIP is a waste of space, the Conservatives won't put a Brexit leader in place so the party will split, or not get voted in and Labour voters are idiots.
Theresa May's statements here are yet again simply untrue.
Who will whip the ex whip and the people the now ex whip was supposed to be whipping? #BrexitChaos #BrexitVote
First 2019 meeting of ITRE tonight in Strasbourg. Votes on -EU industrial policy on artificial intelligence and robotics -Adapting EU leg. on energy efficiency by reason of brexit -Cybersecurity Act -.eu TLD name Follow the meeting live 2100-2230 here:
I can’t help feeling you’re putting any Brexit at all at risk. Take the deal! If Brexit doesn’t happen you’ll be a culpable as the remainers looking to thwart Brexit.
Delays of imports to the UK could impact upon so many products, including tissue products such as loo rolls
The equivalent of signing your mortgage agreement at the solicitor’s, taking home your copy and writing on it ‘The bank shall at no time repossess the house’.
Should stick to what little knows about
This argument is debunked by the fact that the same manifesto promised Stronger Britain &amp; a Prosperous Future. All forms of Brexit weaken/impoverish Britain. So the manifesto is fundamentally undeliverable &amp; the only outstanding question is which promise is the cheapest to break
#LiamFox: Brexit is SURVIVABLE! Well if you didn’t know #Brexit is a survivable Economic holocaust, you do now!
You're arguing with a bot using copy and pasted responses on most Brexit related posts
Margaret Thatcher fought so hard to get us the best deal any country could get in the EU and had the confidence to stand tall inside the EU as well as the rest of the world lets keep our seat at the top table the EU that past politicians fought so hard for #Brexit
This is height of 3rd class journalism from BBC,don't disgrace our CJP..look after the old Queen and circus of BREXIT..and send Altaf Tarbooz Bori walay to face Pakistani law..
There was a referendum in 1975, the result of which I'm particularly keen on honouring.
Music4EU group delivers Brexit petition to British government
#EU offers #UK 'legal' pledge #Irishbackstop seen as temporary #Brexit
More Brexit news: *UK ATTORNEY GENERAL SAYS IT IS UNLIKELY THAT THE EU WILL WISH TO RELY ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE IRISH BACKSTOP PROVISION
Rick Wilford: If Theresa May loses heavily in Brexit vote, it will be because of her obstinacy, not her resilience - Belfast Telegraph
Not sure. Imagine it depends on whether EU have negotiated flights for the UK to the third country &amp; no new bilateral deal in place on Brexit #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #politics #PeoplesVote #VeniceConvention #SNP #EU
wow i've just had a mad thought.. so if there is a military coup does that mean that HM Queen is in charge of the country,as she's commander of all the armed forces?? it's not going to happen but you never know... brexit
BBCSport: "To hell with the rest of the world." Neil Warnock has given his views on Brexit... now Cardiff City have had their say. More here:
Sorry Mal it’s an old photo I saw it on Facebook and it summed up how I feel it’s not only brexit but as a lifelong Tory the heartless way they have treated vulnerable people is a disgrace the sooner she goes the better
Mays deal is the definitive deal which fulfills Gov criteria for Brexit. The Gov Instigated Brexit thus Its Interpretation of Brexit is final.
[STV]: Denying Brexit 'like refusing Scots devolved parliament' |
To many MP’s have a self serving attitude to Brexit
Another one bites the dust! Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
The greyman does not like the disrespect engendered by his wish for 2nd referendum
WE must be brave so the Hedge Funds ,the speculators and the shorters can maximise their profits while the rest of us get poorer .Brexit is a con and a racket fro rich Brexiters
Maybe Brexit doesn't happen, UK revokes notice and everyone just says: shame May screwed it up so badly. I hate to blame a woman for something which is not her fault but it's one way out
May warns MPs that killing off her Brexit deal would be the 'height of recklessness' in desperate last-ditch plea before tomorrow's Commons showdown - as EU scrambles to shore her up with vow Irish backstop will only be 'temporary' We dont trust May.
Feels like Britain is facing a hotel California scenario with #brexit #EU lock the doors and throw away the keys
Something that everyone seems to forget "Having voted to trigger Article 50, leaving with No Deal is the default unless a majority of MPs can agree on an alternative."
He also wants the benefits of membership including those or FOM ..... without having .... erm .... FOM. He’s illogical. Brexit, Tory or Labour, can not work. #Remain #StopBrexit #RevokeArticle50 #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Clarifications on the #WithdrawalAgreement, #Brexit, the #Border &amp; the #GoodFridayAgreement in reply to Theresa May. #mondaythoughts
I will never back the brexit deal or no deal...... We need to remain in the EU......#peoplesvote or revoke article 50
Add your voice #FBPE #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll #the5million
Let's be more honest, #brexit is a racist issue. Our right wing press have drip fed lies for 40 years. and others created a race issue for their failing economic models. It was made up to be that the European foreigners were taking and not contributing.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live &gt;&gt;&gt; Ahhhh ... it's been a while (4 weeks?!!) #ToryResignationBingo
MP Gareth Johnson resigns as Tory Whip ahead of Brexit deal vote #brexit #deal #gareth #news #breakingnews
The person I have to work closely with for my main project is saying that 'after the Brexit referendum, all remainers should have been summarily ejected from government'. Aaaaa.
You’ll be forever onto a loser if you continue to view Brexit through the prism of GDP.
I witnessed the collapse of the Soviet Union and Brexit Britain’s situation is just as precarious | The Independent
May is "Seeking further assurances" - nothing committed to paper you'll notice. What is a political promise worth? Just ask Gordon Brown, he's on record as saying they're worthless, but we didn't need telling did we?
Your comment to Steve Bray this morning was somewhat disingenuous ; Brexit Job Losses January 23, 2018 · Total job losses as at 12th January 2019: 204,997 Plus ;
The UK enters a historic week with no idea how it will end
More evidence of her treachery and not respecting the #Referendum result #ForBritain
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal - Simon Jenkins Maybe a better transition without the Irish backstop. #Brexit
Hi Chris - thanks for listening. Happy to be your Brexit free zone!
Army to donate ration packs to combat food poverty. This even before we #Brexit #ToryBritain
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Put his loyalty to the people before his loyalty to the government? What kind of cockamamee politician is this? #BetterLateThanNever
Like you voted against the result of the Welsh referendum and then tried to undo it with a further vote in your 2005 manifesto?
Oh yes Trump and Brexit are movements of Reason enabled by science and guided by dispassionate objectivity. Right.
STV News ^ | | Denying Brexit 'like refusing Scots devolved parliament' The Prime Minister has said refusing to honour the 2016 Brexit vote would be like failing to implement the referendum which brought about the Scottish Parliament. Theresa May war…
Nope. That's wrong. And if u don't know who Kellner is, best google him.
The speech kicked off what will be a tumultuous week for Brexit negotiations for Theresa May
NEVER ending #Brexit BLOCKING: Brussels plot to EXTEND UK remaining in EU
Just when I think JK Rowling can’t get any more fucking insane. It’s real telling that she has no issue with Sanders but hates Corbyn when you consider Sanders doesn’t set how she personally gets taxed.
What does this tell us about the scale of the defeat May faces?
Yes very worried about it. Me believing in Britain and British values means I believe Britain will be fine after Brexit.
Hmm, yes. They will become the laughing stock of the world. But a hard-Brexit, which is the last option, will result in many legal battles over the coming years. Many are going to shit bricks. UK knows that and it is not an option at this time.
It’s a sound bite job.
How about doing the decent, sensible thing that is best for Britain and stopping Brexit. What is the matter with those Tories like you who know Brexit is a mess but keep putting party first? JUST STOP BREXIT.
Well it didn’t happen in May’s snap 2017 election. Under our system it’s very hard for a new party to get a toe hold as UKIP found. They did well in the EU elections but got no seats in ours. If the right of centre vote is split, the odious labour will get in.
Theresa May makes last-ditch plea to save Brexit deal | Daily Mail Online
She dont know what free movement is
Never a truer word. This is not about economics its about this would cut the cord and actually mean that our politicians would be accountable.
excuse me, but please stop threatening no brexit if the mps don't back your awful deal. We voted to leave and that is what we expect from you. With a deal or not. Just get on with it
Hey Brit’s! If Democracy meant re-vote when your unhappy with election results do you think Donald would be our President today? #Brexit #BrexitVote #Democracy #Election #trump
#GoWTO Supporting 'let's paint our future on a clean canvas!' together
Wrong on all counts. And, we're already Bored of Brexit! But we're still on the first page, the Withdrawal Agreement. Once out, there's the PD (much longer and v complex), 750 deals to renegotiate, then our first step into the World! At least 15 years; JRM says 50! #StopBrexit
May using ‘Brexit might not happen’ as a threat is like telling your cat you won’t have him ‘done’
Prepping for tomorrow’s #Brexit vote in British parliament. Anarchy and political chaos.
Ultra Low Emission Zone Domain for sale @ ebay £495 or best offer Also available @ Godaddy (no offers) #Brexit #DomainNameForSale #Entrepreneur #emissions
I do believe is playing a blinder and I do not trust our media they are desperate Tories. #GetTheToriesOut
left wing people voting for brexit
These useless "facades of democracy" are desperate to keep their jobs where they get paid vast amounts of money and take no responsibility
Agree 's deal is not delivering Brexit
Never mind #PubertyChallenge what about the post Brexit challenge (May 2016 vs Nov 2018) too many late night post union meeting kebabs I suspect
Every time we think we have reached the end of the Brexit maze, we find ourselves in yet another branch of it. The end may yet prove to be years away.
BBCNEWS 5:42am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Labour promise 'O table mo'ion of no confidence in PM_ I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Theresa May expected to...
Stephen Barclay 'hasn't spoken to EU about delaying Brexit' Stephen Barclay says he has not spoken to the EU about postponing Brexit if MPs reject Theresa May's deal.
BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK
Feeling confused
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line
Breaking: Ford CEO and President just stated on Bloomberg TV interview that Brexit has undoubtedly hurt the company and its commitment to it’s European (read through British) investments. Ford factory closures in UK coming.
Sorry, what was number 1 again? This from about what your constituents said less than 24 hours ago...
This is a remainer that loves Mrs May's fake backstop trap deal because it will keep the UK tied into the EU forever! #leavemeansleave #BREXIT
that's a privileged position to take lol i know too many non-British people being persecuted and too many people whose lives are at risk from Brexit to politely disagree with anyone
Corbyn in a nutshell.
On no BREXIT. The only good brexit is a dead brexit.
EP.699: Danny Dorling Discusses What Caused Brexit, David Bowie's Bandma... via
Liam Fox: 'MPs have a duty to deliver on Brexit referendum': #Brexit
Lunchtime in Yorkshire shoves out two major anti #Brexit propaganda items with no comment or balance. A long term resident from Italy risks becoming an illegal citizen after we #Leave dying #EU plus we were warned about coming food shortages and to buy a "Brexit Box".
Rambling of a pisshead.
Brexit is different. It's the most divisive matter that has ever happened in politics since I first took an interest half a century ago.
This prize tool thinks over 16m of us are traitors to the realm
Careful , todays program is about to hit peak #gammon. My brexit BS bingo card is almost full!
‘The question was clear!’ BBC news host GRILLS Chuka Umunna on second referendum demands
I think Brexit has jumped the shark.
You forgot to mention that Conservative Front Bencher MP Gareth Johnson has Quite the whips office this morning because of the disastrous deal. Shame on you Osborne. Brexiteer backbenchers U-turn on decision to vote against PM's deal
We Stan a local legend
DUP rejects 'meaningless assurances' from EU on Brexit backstop - Dodds calls for 'real changes' to withdrawal agreement
Thought you would like this?
Spot on!
Those MEP's are sick Remainers that don't want to let go of the EU Gravy Train. MEP salary is about 4K a week or something like that + astronomical perks. You're one of the Patriotic Good Guys who voted to be sacked *Wink*
The European Union told Theresa May on Monday that it stood by commitments to find ways to avoid triggering the controversial "#Irish backstop" in their #Brexit deal and that this pledge had legal weight.
Absolute weasel words from a highly-educated man who knows full well what the 2017 Conservative Manifesto commitment to deliver Brexit was, and it didn't mean it gave you carte blanche to make it utterly meaningless in your manifestation of it.
Theresa May can try to rewrite history all she wants. But the facts, and the documentary record, are against her, says
Why should she? Their own MP doesn't bother and is trying to subvert brexit!
Im against Soubry on almost everything she’s ever said about Brexit, but two things should be clear. 1. She’s not a Nazi 2. The people who called her it should have the right to call her that if they want.
When your Whips resign, your government is in trouble. Time to resign (revoke #Article50 or apply for an extension to call a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain before you pack your bags and turns the No.10 lights out?). #LBC #BBCpm #Wato
What about the national security issues exposed by the former head of MI6? Maybe it’s just conveniently tucked away behind the backstop red herring, eh? #Brexit #GoWTO #NoToAnEUArmy #JunkerWhiteNoise
ENGLAND.....TAKE HER OUT
Brexit is a bit like economists generally in that all have their ideas and theories but none of them are are true and some make it their religion...
GBP up Before Brexit Storm, EUR Resilient, AUD Underperforms – US Market Open
Theresa May threatened that Brexit might not end up happening and everyone made the same joke
'Brexit means Brexit' metamorphoses into 'Its my Brexit or no Brexit at all'. Theresa May tries to convince the Eurosceptics in parliament to vote for her deal, saying that its either her plan or the UK will remain in the EU.
Brexit better inspire some damn good poetry... or at least hope-inspiring graffity on the ruins of post-leave Britain
#Brexit explainer: what are Theresa May's options for a 'plan B'?
On a train to central London for an afternoon off work with and before the #remainerNow goes to parliament event from 5pm this evening. Brexit is not a done deal.
“There are no coincidences in politics” Copyright
I'm blaming Brexit
Brexit always makes me so happy.
47 years of not being told 'No' has resulted in this... x
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal. Now that is commitment. It should not be necessary though, but who would trust the Tories to honour the pairing system after last time?
It's not about supporting a people's vote, it's about separating the failure of the tory brexit plan and the accusations of undermining the first democratic vote that will follow
Predicted. Juncker &amp; Tusk send May a letter ahead of crunch Brexit deal vote. THE OFFER IS MEANINGLESS. EU Law will apply in compliance with Regulations &amp; Treaties May has agreed to.
The main thing to take away from the whole Brexit thing is that WM simply cannot be trusted. They've had almost 5 years to show Scotland that the UK could work out but in reality we've been lied to, ignored and they've managed to burn the house down trying to boil the kettle.
Our only option now is to Vote against May's deal &amp; save £39 Billion this compromise is to Leave
#London - From those : #Brexit news: #Germany’s Weber says #EU should have PRESSURED #UK from OUTSET to avoid #CRISIS
Yer Centrist Da
Looks like we’re finally going to get the answers to the big questions that we’ve all been asking.
2nd thoughts brought abt by MPs fighting tooth n nail to overturn a result they dont like and didnt expect. 650 MPs and the majority are using brexit for personal agendas not to the benefit of the nation.
Theresa May Has Never Been Able To Say Brexit Will Be Bad: James O'Brien - LBC
Davies #warns of no-deal Brexit's devastating impact on economy - IOL #Economy #news
So depressing that this government is telling British citizens that the answer is to change their nationality! Let’s just change the government instead
Enforcer in May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal #stopbrexit
#GarethJohnson, who joined the Government as a whip in November, has quit his post in protest at the risk of being 'perpetually constrained by the EU' under the deal Live #Brexit updates: #StandUp4Brexit
Conservative MP Gareth Johnson quits as Government whip to vote against Brexit deal
Crass posturing, rudeness and factual mistakes by my MP. Noting changes #Brexit
I don't know if I like the Hollywood background music: but the correlations he makes are entirely valid.
He doesn’t know what a border is.....
Though I listen to all opinions, I prefer to read &amp; listen to real impartial experts. I take with scepticism journalists acting as experts, in rightwing #Brexit supporting "newspapers" like bending the story to fit their point of view &amp; keep their owners happy.
You’re welcome to it
Brexit + Labour government means not being able to sort out the Tories' mess, as we would be dealing with fallout, plus Labour being blamed for the combined mess. Also, Brexit has imminent deadline; it needs to be stopped as a priority. *Then* let's GTTO.
Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper "Brexit Boxes"
as the country is on the brink of a catastrophe can you explain why you have consistently voted against your constituents. Why are you not raising your voice like to collectively end the nightmare that is Brexit. #PeoplesVoteNow
#Brexit-er didn’t deny that he’s seeking to be new leader of Conservative Party on BBC News just now
That would be the ‘democratic process’ sullied by dark money, illegal data gathering and the influence of other nations! #brexit
"Sterling has nudged higher ahead of the Brexit vote - Is it justified?
#Peston playing games with the British Electorate #JournoTrollFarm
You mean their ability as a nation to screw over other nations. Yes, the Brexit process has brought that into sharp focus.
Britain in a nutshell
#GoWTO 'let's paint our future on a clean canvas'
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' is sheer stupidity. Stay in the EU for the country’s sake - as every other country wishes except USA and Russia
This backstop is a con to keep us locked us in the Eu....EU letter promises backstop will be temporary but refuse to change Brexit deal ahead of crunch vote | Daily Mail Online
No matter how much i understand politics. Brexit is a fiasco
Pound Quivers ahead of Brexit “Meaningful Vote” | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
u talked about football all the time but u talked tennis, politics too #AndyMurray #Brexit #football
Happy N-EU year: Brexit, Romanian presidency &amp; shifting political winds
I think May has breached the trust of the British people - she should resign for that alone !!!!
All Going off
Our action-packed newsletter this week: #NoDeal #Brexit and #familylaw #domesticviolence victims in court #JeffBezos' split #surrogacy in Israel #Divorce in #SaudiArabia Divorce and #inherited wealth + opinions, new and more! --&gt;
UK PM Theresa May mounts last-ditch bid to win support for Brexit deal: May is due to make a statement in the House of Commons Monday afternoon, a day before lawmakers are due to vote on her EU divorce deal
We were promised a Brexit bonus, after all.
New post (Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit) has been published on Parsian English News -
Yes, hope is all we can afford after March.
A free press is imperative, &amp; there is no more anyone could have done to try &amp; illuminate the benefits of EU membership. Until we have unbiased and detailed education in schools about our institutions, it will be possible for self-interested media barons to manipulate the truth.
This is the Brexit equivalent of the revised ending of Mass Effect 3.
'Leave or Remain?' Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key #Brexit question
Labour MP has delayed the birth of her child in order to vote against #Brexit, as she fears underhand tactics by the government.
And another UK government resignation over #Brexit
Honking at the term Sex Arse tbh
The original post was nonsense. The civil service is not prepared for no deal. That's total BS. No deal would be terrible for the UK, the damage would last years. Brexit is bad enough , no deal is even worse.
At least three English universities have breached their banking covenants in the past few years. Brexit is making things worse for the cash-strapped sector via
Is this due to brexit as well
No deal is't a possibility anyway, because Labour would "no confidence" the government and they would win, because even if all the Tories voted to keep their own government in power, the DUP would vote with the opposition because a hard Brexit means a hard border in Ireland.
Post Brexit no deal chaps - it could be a luxury!
Theresa May axes 'lie' from Brexit speech after critics point out it's not true
I shall work against Brexit if I wish to. Is that not allowed, Mrs May?
In normal times you are right Clare and in normal times a general election being priority is spot on. It still is the priority but if election is not imminent stopping the catastrophic Brexit has to be his only task
'£1.36bn in advertising and marketing spend will disappear from the market' - predicts the first advertising recession for a decade in the event of a no-deal Brexit
Are the decline of world markets across the globe including the dow, s&amp;p 500, nasdaq and sse composite all the result of Brexit then?
It is a nice prediction to the GBP fall when a nodeal looms again in stead of the now suggested nobrexit. #Brexit
Rubbish. You're merely attempting to regain some respect with a justification for being "bought off" with the Privy Councillor appointment. May's Withdrawal Agreement ISN'T BREXIT at all. Read Gareth Johnson's letter of resignation and see how an honourable gentleman does it.
#UK #advertising #market faces recession under no-deal #Brexit
My answer to Is brexit in the process of being abandoned? It seems the EU is happy for the UK to change its mind, there is no obvious deal apart from TM's unacceptable one and nobody wants a no-deal brexit.
Domain name for sale @ ebay £495 or best offer Also available @ Godaddy (no offers) #lbgt #LGBT #Domains #Brexit #Marketing #pride
Imagine the General Election campaign where thousands of Labour activists have to go out knocking door to try and promote Corbyn's feckless position on #brexit when they don't actually agree with it themselves. Hardly inspiring for voters.
Just when you think the incompetence can’t get worse. Is there no start to HMGs talents?
The old lad complaining Peter Doone wouldn't take a pic with his daughter only for the daughter to school him publicly is probably an analogy for Brexit
Stopping it is smart.
This deal isn't brexit. Since it would give our sovereignty away, it's closer to the opposite.
EU leadership sent a letter to providing some clarifications to the #Brexit deal. No changes in the EU's position, an option being a longer transition period if needed.
An astonishing lie in Theresa May’s Stoke Brexit speech has been uncovered BEFORE she’s even delivered it via
No brexit
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it | Vox Political
Excellent. Every MP who believes in British sovereignty must vote against this deal and fight to the last minute to secure a true Brexit
Commentator: 'I'd Say that the Majority of People Are in Favour of a WTO Brexit': via
Theresa May: defeating my Brexit makes no Brexit at all more likely than no deal.
Your Ordinary World for #MondayMorning ft. links to on Brexit; on Brazil &amp; Jair Bolsonaro; on tariffs &amp; taxes; on refugees; on state subsidized movies; &amp; on President Trump
Info &amp; advice session for EU citizens worried about Brexit: TOMORROW (Tuesday) at Harrow Civic Centre, 6.30pm. Thanks to for arranging
FIS has produced for its members a Preparing for Brexit Checklist. Whilst not exhaustive it aims to help members understand the impact of Brexit and look at potential risk, challenges and opportunities. Get checklist here:
Both his MP brother and journalist sister are remainers.
THEY [The Scum] voted for Referendum; Article 50 and Meaningful Vote: And then confirmed stance by Election on Brexit Manifesto: All as as Lawful and Legitimate as you can get! At last moment they cheat, proving their 'democracy' was just for show!
O Femee- that gift thats keeps on giving - to BOTH side of the Brexit View. Remainers are apalled by being told by this upstart who is so attention-seeking telling THEM what to do !! Leavers well the gift is so obvious - he swells their numbers every time he opens his mouth !!!
Glad someone knows the feeling of the country
OP-ED: Given it is five minutes to midnight and the #Brexit clock is ticking fast, can #UK politicians come together in the spirit of compromise, not combat? Only this can lead to a resolution, writes
China data hits UK shares ahead of Tuesday's vote on Brexit deal - from Reuters
1pm UK news: Brexit, clean air strategy, David Duckenfield trial, Lion Air black box recorder, Henge road accident, Andy Murray, snow in Europe, Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, JustEat website sloppiness, Zoe Ball on BBC Radio 2, Brexit, weather
It’ll be really tragic if it turns out the #Brexit supporting MPs are the ones who prevent #Brexit happening
Extraordinarily emotional scenes as Britain prepares to leave the EU for possibly the final time #Brexit
It's not all on him you know? The route we are currently on, was decided at party conference. If an election is called, the manifesto should be to negotiate the jobs first brexit. Can't offer a people's vote on the outcome before negotiations!
This is exactly what I voted for on June the 23rd 2016 not some moronic soft Brexit crap!!!
The real project fear emerges. This isn’t leadership.
Brexit takes toll on Britain's financial sector, outlook weak.Despite gloomy tone, financial sector headcount expected to rise in quarter ending March'19; investment intentions remain broadly stable, the survey by &amp; PwC said. v
As the UK economy stalls, it's not Brexit we should blame - Counterfire
Is this the same Boris who ended up increasing the jailed sentence of a british iranian? The same who tool the opportunity to brexit for his own career, the same who cheated on his wife? So will he not cheat the public by his lies or #AlternativeFacts #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
Back her Brexit for her and her 48%er mates.
Well obviously Brexit will be catastrophic but it's in a good cause #RaabRevolution
UK PM Theresa May mounts last-ditch bid to win support for Brexit deal
If Brexit, as it seems likely, has a depressive effect on the UK economy, we may be pushed back into a mild recession. If so, the enthusiasm for investment will decline and businesses will hoard cash. Accordingly, you might like to consider your present cash position. #taxtips
Theresa May says failure to fulfill the 2016 Brexit referendum would cause “catastrophic harm” to people’s faith in politics.
May must come up with Brexit Plan B within 3 weeks, say Remain MPs | Daily Mail Online
So tell me 'people's vote'(PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal &amp;'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #politicslive
Suddenly we're all *shocked* that Theresa May lied about the Tories accepting the result of the Welsh referendum. Wow, a Tory lied. She voted against the creation of the Welsh Assembly after the Welsh voted to have it. IT'S NEVER BEEN ABOUT THE 'WILL OF THE PEOPLE'. #Brexit
Give us some concrete examples of the EU’s “11th hour deals”. I’d rather not risk it on your advice as you appeared totally unable to do the #Brexit negotiation job. #Brexiter .
How Welsh Labour politicians responded to the narrow majority for a Welsh Assembly. *Spoiler alert* It was the opposite to what Theresa May did after the Brexit referendum
Before the Brexit vote: what can help May now? via
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal' via
Mr Fox does not know when to stop lying.
This is not true. In 1979 Scotland voted 52% / 48% for a Scottish Assembly. The incoming Thatcher Government rejected the Referendum result. Mrs May either doesn’t know her history or......
People will NEVER trust politicians again if we blatantly ignore what the majority voted for, hundreds of years of democracy ruined in two years by a bunch people who are only in it for what they can get. They should all be sacked every last one of the pathetic F**kers!!
How stupid, Liam, 48% have already voted for No Brexit and, since then, the polls tell us the percentage has gone up!
The #logisitics sector is experiencing an boom due to #Brexit, our #Birmingham event has heard &gt;
This is a silly argument I see a lot. Only a person on the losing side of the UK’s largest vote would argue running again. Its quite pathetic and undignified. A general election is implemented before a vote is run again, Brexit hasn’t happened yet and you want another? Ridiculous
Finally and thank goodness - the end of Brexit and this silly referendum fiasco could finally be in site - Theresa May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
It is my opinion and mine only , I’m not a trade expert and I’m certainly not an economist. (Not that we can trust the EU bias of many of these the last two years ) If Brexit is cancelled, the economy will be hit so bad through civil unrest , political carnage and uncertainty
She is 'hell bent' wrt destroying a democratic #Brexit Many politicians Don't want Best solution of 'No Deal',because they Don't want the Apparrance that ALL their Opposition Arguments have been 'ill-founded',So proving they're Actually Useless at their Jobs representing Voters.
Need a Brexit version of this series.
Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes'
Well said Boris,however was disappointed with Nick Ferrari (and I’m a fan) because he kept trying to steer the story back to comments Boris made about the headgear on Muslim women.nothing whatsoever to do with Brexit.
If Brexit has achieved anything so far, It’s that I simultaneously have learnt a lot more about British politics and I equally understand it a lot less.
BBCNews : RT BBCPolitics: “What we have is an establishment ganging up, frantic, to stop no deal, because no deal does mean leaving” Tory MP OwenPaterson on #Brexit vote Brexit updates: (via Twitter
Take the Brexit
Gap between elite and normal people is bigger than crossing channel to France. Sorry to say that, but to little to late. Most of politicians do not want to leave because Brussels paying their fat wages. What they going to do after brexit? Job center?
what an idiot
Bitesize Brexit: A three part legal analysis of the options #quegal
markets: #5things -Weak China trade data -Shutdown continues -Big week for Brexit (really) -Markets lower -Bank earnings season kicks off
Check it out! ethan883 will do beautiful logo design for $5 on #Fiverr
Open managed fx: #clients #investors #hnwi #pensioners to #invest in our #forex #managed #accounts #cityofinvestment #uk #Brexit #Pakistan #Iran #UAE #Iraq #Qatar #Kuwait #Oman #Lebanon #Jordan #Yemen #Bahrain #Syria #SaudiArabia #Egypt #eth #btc
Chequers Brexit or No deal Brexit?
Likelihood that the Kingdom will disunite after Brexit...
Project Fear in full flow on South West. "Who will do the hard graft jobs" ( at minimum wage of course ). You have no shame. They cannot staff because they don't pay a wage that people can live a decent life on. A primary reason people voted to #Brexit
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote
Yikes.
Daily Telegraph speaking from all sides of it mouth - not to be trusted. #Scotland #ScotRef #ScotlandIsNow #Brexit
‘Survivable’. This is peacetime, we demand more than survivable. Those already suffering in are communities from lack of support, opportunities and funding want to see a light at the end of the tunnel and a ‘survivable’ Brexit does not provide it!
What does the week ahead hold for the Brexit debate?
A Lincolnshire Independent (with reliable Brexit support); or the Time Party (if they put up a candidate)
Liberal Democrats have moved forward with legislation in preparation for a People's Vote. Parliament is in deadlock. It is time to go back to the people to give them the final say on Brexit. Join our campaign for a People's Vote &gt;
24 hours to save Brexit as Boris urges MPs to defeat May's deal | Daily Mail Online
The more money that comes in the more that should be shared around...that will happen sooner or later with the huge companies setting up down there..our last industries here, farming and tourisim could be decimated in a no deal brexit..theres next to no money coming in here.
This is Kevin. Kevin is a moron. Kevin will soon be out of a job because he's a moron. Don't be like Kevin. #GEnow
Brexit involves Glasgow as well.
We all know Neil's a prick already so dont listen to a word he says...
Part of Japanese culture is to invest in ‘stability’ not ‘uncertainty’... #Brexit.
Here's the flaw, IMO. Why would Corbyn vote to cancel Brexit?
They are gearing down for Brexit.
I liked a video Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
are so bound up in preventing #Brexit they are willing to keep undisclosed the success of their foot soldiers in confronting #Germany #EU #Lignite and rehash Mitigation only policies which have no chance of preventing #globalwarming in any form
Grown up comment as usual from
If I renew my UK passport now, It'll a) be burgundy and b) say "European Union" on it, right? Even assuming a 12 week turnaround, that's still pre-brexit.
I voted Remain and I think Brexit - even a soft one - will be an utter disaster for the UK and Scotland in particular. BUT: the 'rules' of the 2016 referendum didn't stipulate a required percentage of the total electorate.
'The #EU is preparing to delay #Brexit until at least July after concluding that Theresa May is doomed to fail in getting her deal through parliament.' #MeaningfulVote
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote
Theresa May 'could be kicked out on Wednesday' if she loses Commons vote on Brexit deal
No, it was a retreat from Europe. They were in Europe, they left Europe. Dress it up as a retreat from certain defeat if you wish, it was the right thing to do then but came at great cost for your Grandfather's generation. Brexit will cost my children hardship with no benefit.
Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Listen to Silvio you blithering leavetards.
#MEPs consider nightmare scenario of #Brexit #delay
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson resigns, saying he cannot support the government's position on Brexit 'when it is clear this deal would be detrimental to our nation's interests'
EU's final Brexit backstop offer to save Theresa May sparks fury - explained
Canada + is only on offer with Backstop WTO is not a 'deal' A 'managed' No Deal does not exist Do try and keep up #Brexit moron
Just realised how much the Leave Means Leave logo looks like Tesco Value. Low quality canned crap that appeals to low income residents, Leavers want a successful Brexit.
The Brexit Effect: London Property Market Predictions for 2019 - The Resident
The latest LinguaLondoner! #brexit
Conservative Party announce a change of title for the post of Brexit Secretary.
could save #brexit
Theresa May threatened that Brexit might not end up happening and everyone made the same joke
Travelodge #launch Newcastle recruitment drive ahead of 'Brexit staff shortage' - Chronicle Live #recruitment #news
Brexit in peril if divorce deal voted down - May
Political satire is entirely impossible in the age of Trump and Brexit. There isn't a writer alive that would think they could get away with a line like "better than Dunkirk" and not lose the audience.
here : may contain logic and facts. If swallowed, seek no medical aid.
Speech: PM's Brexit speech in Stoke-on-Trent: 14 January 2019
you: spending your time worrying about Brexit me: spending my time worrying about Nottingham Forest
Tory whip just resigned, a day ahead of the meaningful vote ... Weak and wobbly stuff, once again. We deserve better than Theresa May's weak and wobbly government.
Hard Brexit means Hard Border. The EU must protect the integrity of the S. Market and C.Union.
BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK
A no-deal Brexit could lead to traffic jams around ports as extra checks may be put in place. In an attempt to reduce the impact, there are a number of contingency plans that have been put in place to help manage freight traffic. #NoDealBrexit #Haulage
#France is hoping that members of Britain's parliament will approve Prime Minister Theresa May's #Brexit deal, an official at President Macron's Elysee department said on Monday.
Depending on Brexit stance there’s a good chance Labour won’t win an election. If pro Brexit manifesto that’s a very good chance. Against *this* government. Then what? If you think you’ll pick up the broken pieces in a few years, you are deluding yourselves.
BBC News - Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
No deals better than a bad deal! Brexit means Exit! We are leaving in March!!! Turncoat all of them!!! Traitors .... in plain sight
No Brexit
Why are you asking this question? “Nearly all of it” is clearly the answer.
DUP concerned over EU's letter, Dodds says. #Brexit #DUP
UK attorney general writes to May to say that based on today’s letters from Brussels, the withdrawal deal is now the only ”politically practicable and available means” to secure an actual Brexit
Brussels and London are preparing to delay Brexit until July.
Gareth Johnson quits as Government whip to vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal.
Do you really think the Brexit majority will just walk away? Remainers didn’t. It will become pretty brutal, politically and in terms civil society. It will not be the “Far Right” protesting but ordinary decent democrats.
Working through the Madness...is that the best Plan B you people can come up with. Brexit at ALL costs...NO THANKS..bye!
The backstop trap is still there!! #BREXIT
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'
The vote is unlikely to produce certainty around Brexit just over two months before Britain is due to leave the EU
MP's like him are hopeless , just completely hopeless . And liars - bigtime .
I voted to remain last time but wouldn’t vote at all because I’m sick and tired of hearing about brexit #changetherecord
Man who wouldn't get recognised in his own front room resigns from a job nobody cares about, over an issue he's known about for two years
Genetically weird millionaire - doesn't understand that - if a no deal Brexit is bad for the UK, and a no deal Brexit is not wanted by the UK, it's the 'one and only job of parliament' to 'NOT implement a no deal Brexit'
Is this was Davis wanted all along? Was he the supreme manipulator? The No Deal Brexit chief spymaster. Or, is he none of these things and is stupidly grasping at straws?
'EU will be VERY ANGRY!' Brussels could FORCE UK to pay £39billion WITHOUT any trade deal
Theresa May issues warning prior to Brexit vote #fx #forex #finance
I'm remain, i don't want brexit. A forced p.v likely to result in leave again. P.V on an elected manifesto is i believe the right way. Also, the e.u have showed and stated a willingness for a lab brexit so far far way from not possible
Sudden, concerted campaign by the Guardian to oppose second referendum, wondering why:
'Hardest decision I have ever made' via #brexit #wtobrexit #nodealnoproblem #remoaners #moggmentum
Don’t they mean “what the UK Government can negotiate?” - or have they decided to hand over all control in the negotiations to Brussels? Not a bad idea - we might get a good deal then I don’t think it’s an error - panic has set in in Downing Street
Went to parliament today and saw a couple of people with these Leave Means Leave posters. Another one said ‘honk for #Brexit’. No one honked.
BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK
There are no benefits to Brexit.
Most people in my NHS haven’t. They realise any Brexit will screw the NHS. Thank you for your concern, but, Brexit has invaded everything, because it touches everything. I, and supporters of demonstrably legal democracy will not stop.
Final exam review: what UK term applies to this tweet?
That was "Project Lie". We are are past that though since we have entered "Project Holy Brexit". Reason sand reality no no longer count, this is fought with religious zeal.
Ok, but what do you think the REAL reason is for May wanting out of the deal?
Not leaving necessarily but brexit itself it was a bad time to be doing this
May Interrupts Brexit Speech To Bring You The Following Information About Brain Force
He wasn't vague on Marr. He was *wrong*. He said he favoured a deal which left us: outside the EU but with a say in what treaties it makes; and outside the internal market but with close enough access for Just-In-Time manufacturing. 1/n
UK #leader mounts last-ditch bid to win Brexit deal backing - Minneapolis Star Tribune #leadership #news
Brexit is an absolute chaos. The real issue is that no one wants to compromise, both the people who want to leave the EU and those who still want to remain. It’s hard to get a compromise and we probably will get another referendum or a general election.
That really hurt......... #Brexit #brexitshables '#indyref2
The Eu did do this.
All good stuff for local constituents and the more widely-of-interest part about #Brexit begins at 1:22:35. Worth a listen.
Is The Speaker Trying To Sabotage Brexit?
Germany news: ‘Gexit’ campaign launched ahead of Euro elections - EU under attack | World | News |
NEW TODAY! We should reject the Gilet Jaunes approach and leave the EU peacefully – my latest column for #Brexit
Brexit news latest: Theresa May to warn Britain more likely to stay in the EU than leave under No Deal if MPs reject her plan
The European Banking Authority is sceptical about HSBC’s decision to re-grant capital treatment to some legacy debt instruments, but is unsure about the leverage it can exert over UK authorities in light of the Brexit
Tory Liam Fox's incredible new Brexit slogan wasn't on the side of a bus
And what’s right for the country is a general election. Bigger domestic issues here that over shadow brexit. I.e people homeless dying on our streets, suicides through DWP fiasco
Shock horror this being a likely result of having a remainer in control of brexit negotiations
Elected on a manifesto to deliver Brexit....
A no deal Brexit will never, ever happen, and you know it. By keeping May in power and preventing a confidence vote in her awful government, you are contributing to the starvation of millions across the country. Hope you’re happy.
"A once in a generation choice, an in or out referendum. When the British people speak their voice will be respected, not ignored." PM David Cameron on June 2016 #Brexit referendum #BrexitBetrayal
"together, we are stronger". Noticed this in a bar in Germany as I read about Britain's parliament debating the facile, imperialistic nonsense that is Brexit
CEO of Ford states “Brexit hurt our business model”. Wake up #Leavers #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
The DUP would LOVE a hard border
Once brexit is cancelled we must move to change rules on referendum so this can never happen again unless a sizeable majority wish for it.
Takes a cpl of mins to register but well worth it to support this extremely important petition in the quest for Scottish independence.....please register, support and retweet
With tomorrow's historic vote looming, might be a good time to reshare my article on the #IndirectTax implications of a no-deal #Brexit.
Guardian, 20.07.17: ‘Liam Fox has said a post-Brexit free trade deal with the EU should be the “easiest in human history”, but insisted that the UK could survive without one.’ Now: no deal would be damaging to the UK economy but “survivable”. Fox is an utter charlatan.
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays giving birth so she can vote on Brexit deal
Godaddy valuation $1,421 Buy now @ eBay £495 or best offer Also available @ Godaddy (no offers) #Crypto #bitcoin #HODL #Brexit #Trump #investor
'Dear Jeremy Corbyn, the public has run out of patience – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock'
So bloody fhpicl of Matt Frei - hyping a fools errand as serious endeavour. Tome wasting procedural nonsense!
Then labour are dead party as they are stabbing the British people in the back!...Labour Brexit splits deepen as MP comes out to back May's Brexit deal | Daily Mail Online
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
The alternative. Beggars belief.
But not with Moscow’s Stalinist stooge. You simply can’t be trusted. Your stance on brexit has shown all remainers who not to vote for.
Unfortunately Labour is run by Corbyn and his fanatics. They're more interested in occupying the moral high ground than Downing Street. I genuinely think Corbyn is agnostic about winning a GE, he'd have to stop protesting and govern. Leopards, spots etc etc. #CorbynOut #brexit
THREAD
The whole shambles very neatly summed up here...
I've no idea. People protesting enmass is not part of our cultural-psyche; being *tolerant to a fault* etc.. I just wouldn't underestimate the 'level of anger' simmering beneath the surface, if Brexit is reversed.
I personally think that those in government, or at least a portion of them are and have been aware for some time that the idea of Brexit is flawed and we already know that all deals or outcomes will damage us economically, therefore she puts forward...
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it via
Top story: : 'Letzte Chance. #Brexit ' see more
Chances are, if the vote was made with racism in mind, they will still be sitting on that side of the fence, screaming for Brexit just like they were on day 1.
“No Brexit” wasn’t a choice in the referendum. It was “stay” in or “leave” the EU. Seemed simple at the time, so how could it go so wrong?
Great - now UK is exporting Katie Hopkins. Maybe hard Brexit is just the ticket after all.
Mark Francois MP lays out the upcoming con over Theresa May's #Brexit De... via
Spot the Brexit Bot.
"Brexit: The Uncivil War" Were UK Electorate lied to, duped and manipulated by bored millionaire and billionaire backers? Not one iota of concern for impact of BREXIT on everyday lives of UK citizens! Just a Game - who's playing at Politics now? …
Next person to mention Brexit on my timeline will get burgled sometime this week. A proper 'shit all over your house afterwards' burglary. Trust me.
What, you mean they don't understand how superior the British are? Dominic Raab only just found out the UK is an island and the Prime Minister made him Brexit Secretary so I'm not sure there's a lot to brag about.
I wish more of our MPs were like him and yourself.
Brexit in a tweet.
Well done!
Waaaaaaaahaaaaaha #Brexit Tory whip Gareth Johnson MP has announced his resignation from the Government in a statement on Facebook saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government"
Correct. Everything will be fine.
“To hell with the rest of the world”- #brexit fan who manages football team owned by a Malaysian &amp; who’s job is to manage his players who include people from: Ireland Gabon Philippines Côte d’Ivoire France Spain Iceland Canada Denmark Team talk required?
#sharonnibeolain Hi ~ Current affairs watcher was nice to see you on Week in Politics last night - soh hard to get 'believable' answers these days ! But well done to you Talks n plans are all grand but don't believe Gov' as 'us' Brexit ready .... sad!
This is a shameful state of affairs
If May's deal goes down - Brexit goes down with it. Let's all understand that.
Well in your case it is illegitimate, as you were voted in to deliver Brexit, and that is not what you're doing. So effectively you've gained your seat by defrauding the public.
The more Labour replaced the better, then Tories would have had no excuse not to deliver real Brexit, with 80+ committed Brexiteers to vote through.
All this Brexit stuff reminds me of the erstwhile popular show - “Deal or No Deal” - my wonky brain!
After your comment about using the backstop to trap us there is no fucking way we will ever trust you again.
Pound quivers ahead of Brexit “meaningful vote”
Perhaps he meant putting a stop to brexit a disaster for the Conservative party from which the Conservative party may never recover? No bad thing in the circumstances #brexitreality #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit
Exactly!!!
NEW TODAY! We should reject the Gilet Jaunes approach and leave the EU peacefully – Brian Monteith writes for #Brexit
I just hope when brexit is stopped you're going to wake up to the fact that you have no idea about what's really going on in the world
It’s like that tricycle scene in The Shining.
'Clean Brexit' a 'Win-Win' for British Science, Say Leading Academics via
Sterling entered the trading week firmly gripped by caution as investors brace for a vote tomorrow on British Prime Minister May’s Brexit deal. Although market expectations remain elevated over May’s...
Just look at the mess the Tories put us in.
they lie during every campaign! I voted leave and had confidence in government upholding the views of the country and delivering the best Brexit available. It is blatantly obvious the EU need us and that's why they have tied our hands, forcing us into this!
On the day that the Brexit referendum result was announced, I wrote an article about the potential implications on the charities sector. (see link below). Today, NCVO have warned the sector to prepare for a difficult year ahead,…
‘Brexit be-jiggered’: Portugal stays open for business with UK “no matter what”
This is Brexit
Brexit and UK fire exports: hazards on the roadmap ahead. Hunter Seymour, security market analyst with expertise in both the fire and security markets, looks into how #Brexit could affect the UK fire industy. More here:
That should have a profound and deleterious impact on our Brexit relationship! How many straight jacket cases are there in the Cabinet (I’ve got to 8 easily)?!!!
Looks like we will all have to give ourselves a 'big hand'. Brexit forces the creeping of Sharia into our own bathrooms. I knew Mays deal was a 'shit deal'.
Malaysia that well known European country that will be horrifically affected by Brexit
Gareth Johnson put in his resignation letter that he 'cannot in all conscience support the government's position on Brexit.' Surely that's instantly dismissible on complete lack of evidence of a conscience?
The in the coming weeks when attempting to forge a Brexit deal
My hometown's most active corner used to do the same exact thing on weekends during the war in Iraq. Eventually I just had to go a different way.
Have pretty much ignored the news for a couple of weeks, so it's good to see that the PM has made really excellent progress with her Brexit plans. Sterling work. Trebles all round.
Britons knew that was the case in 2017, which is why we rejected 's call for an overwhelming mandate to lead Britain over the Tory 'brexit' cliff and rescinded the Parliamentary majority. The Conservatives have proved us correct.
INFH UXEYX 140119144648
The one where Leave cheated? The one where all kinds of false promises were made? The one where a slender majority is used to justify the most extreme Brexit options? No thanks. I would if there had been compromise but we've been ignored, so I fight.
Big surprise that a Leave Means Leave supporter is willing to go for a hard Brexit.
So, #Brexit began as Deceitful and Delusional, quickly became Divisive until it become a Destructive Dictatorship. Now increasingly Desperate! Quite simply the affluent #ERG are pulling #TheresaMay strings to the detriment of a great country - #Remain
Meanwhile in #brexit news: Conservative government whip resigns. What a mess.
NEW TODAY! We should reject the Gilet Jaunes approach and leave the EU peacefully – Brian Monteith writes for #Brexit
The Irish border backstop is “temporary” here is the letter of to PM #Brexit #BrexitMess #BrexitCaos
Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit -
Ah... perhaps that explains why Remoaners were frothing and claiming there would be a shortage of gardeners to employ at min wage "because of Brexit" last week. They are thinking of digging up their gardens to build survival shelters to go with these 'end of the world' kits.
This Is The Week That The U.K. Will Know If Brexit Becomes A Done Deal
MPs lack of faith in the pairing system has clearly reached drastic levels.
So what will you do about JC and his Brexit Utopia.
UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after Brexit?
Hardline remainers don’t care about the EU. They’re driven by contempt for the working class, and they’ll do anything, however dishonest or underhand, to stop Brexit. Now tell us something we don’t know.
ahhh... so you're the guy who knows what Labour's Brexit policy is.
Typical #TheresaMayhem. Just scrap it all and lets move on before more u-turns. #Brexit is a #shambles before its even started! We cant let a group of out of touch #Tories in #Westminster ruin the future of this entire country!
Imposing Brexit on Scotland that flatly rejected it is undemocratic.
A logjam would only be caused if there was a backstop.
From a fat person's perspective, I'm wondering if perhaps I'm looking at #Brexit from the wrong prespective. It could be a wonderful diet. The #Brexit Diet, all bullshit - no calories.
Is there no to this stupidity? #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVoteNow
Doubt honesty is gonna happen. WMD Iraq, hush, hush Yemen genocide where we supply weapons, logistics, service fighter aircraft and provide strategy. Check: Spiders Web 2nd British Empire. If ever there was a reason for brexit its tax havens.
From Day 1 parliament have tried to sabotage brexit. Theresa May deliberately put out a farce deal knowing DUP &amp; majority would never accept. Leaves vote to last minute, every intention of blocking no-deal &amp; will force remain. UK Democracy is dead
Brexit vote: Theresa May is scheduled to take her Brexit deal before the House of Commons for a vote. Per PredictIt, her odds of success remain at 2%. Thus, per the Guardian, “the EU is preparing to delay Brexit until at least July”, on expectation of a UK extension request.
Ahead of the vote, May argued “while no deal remains a serious risk, having observed events at Westminster over the last seven days, it is now my judgment that the more likely outcome [if MPs reject her deal] is a paralysis in parliament that risks there being no Brexit.”
What happens if Theresa May's Brexit deal is rejected?
Whenever the issue is about a ‘vote’ Theresa May can’t help but lie. “Better off IN” “No General Election” “Vote today in the Commons”
'Dear Jeremy Corbyn, the public has run out of patience – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock'
BREXIT: Tory Liam Fox's incredible new Brexit slogan wasn't on the side of a bus /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit in peril if divorce deal voted down - May
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
No...she is a bloody idiot!
Gareth Johnson, government whip, has resigned from Theresa May's dying government. The kindest thing after tomorrow's vote, is to put this government to sleep. #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
This article puts it very well its all about taking back sovereignty or ceding to Globalist forces. #Brexit is all about the former whilst the #EU and our political establishment are about the latter. The referendum asked the question we answered lets get on with it. #LetsGoWTO
The latest The Musings of a Digital Immigrant! Thanks to #space #brexit
I'll buy him a hat like yours if it means we get the BrExit we voted for, not the "compromise Brexit" which is the same as being in the EU
'Let's paint our future on a clean canvas' #GoWTO Open Letter to Parliament
Tired of #Brexit? Here is some more pessimistic news in my latest article for has started a new initiative to help working-class writers get their views heard. Get involved.
Ironically the same can be said about this ones constant belittling of the working class over #Brexit
UK opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn has insisted that an election is his top priority if May's Brexit deal is rejected by MPs next week, saying he wants the chance to negotiate a better withdrawal deal with the EU.
Enforcer in May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal
Buy now @ eBay £495 or best offer Also available @ Godaddy (no offers) Godaddy valuation $1365 cryptoseller .com SOLD $17,250 ! #Crypto #bitcoin #investor #Trump #Brexit #HODL
they will never understand the people MPs and fakenews a match made in hell
Happy N-EU year: Brexit, Romanian presidency &amp; shifting political winds
Eurozone bonds continue to fall on weak China data, looming Brexit deal
This deal isn't #Brexit in any shape or form , it's a BETRAYAL to 17.4m voters, and you know it as well . Shame on you and your bosses.
This is what affects life chances. Tory splits on EU r suffocating important debates in other policy areas. Under Tony and Gordon it was "schools and hospitals first". Well done to for raising this non-Brexit but important issue.
Or to neatly paraphrase: Non. Why use 4 pages, when one word will do? #StandUp4Brexit
Why would you want to stop Brexit? It was decided by a referendum. It’s called democracy.
...a deal which is unappealing to everyone leaving with the option of No Deal which is catastrophic and they won't let happen, or No Brexit at all, and in this way she can offload responsibility for the decision as well.
The idea that ' s deal is Brexit is for the birds. It keeps UK under EU control for years and most likely forever.
According to a piece on Politics Live. A WTO brexit could mean running out of toilet paper. Giving a boost to Guardian sales.
Quite right! And if the current crop of parliamentarians block Brexit altogether, a fresh batch in a General Election can take it forward using the same mandate. Silly to tie the UK to May's deal indefinitely!!
Susie describing Brexit again....
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
JLR's decision to move car production to Slovakia resulted from: 1. Loss of sales owing to fewer people buying diesel engines. 2. A grant of £108ml from the Slovakian Govt to JLR to persuade it to open its new car factory there. In short, 'twas nowt to do with #Brexit
Brexit fever come to Kaison
Watch this!
Brexit
The and need to beware. Cancelling #Brexit will lead to civil unrest. Might as well go ahead and declare marshal law at the same time. 17+ million people wont be betrayed. Look at France and x10.
I’m at a loss as to how to vote in the next election. If the Tories put in a Brexit leader I would vote for them. I’ll never vote for labour. Of course we have no idea at the moment what’s going to happen. Apart from some honourable exceptions from both parties, i’d bin the lot.
Remember the London riots? Triggered by the killing of one man by cops. 99.9% of rioters did it for the sake of it and to loot. How do you think 17 million people who actually care about the cause will react? #Brexit
That's it. And we're supposed to marvel at the passion with which he wields his magical sword of truth. Or is it The Sword of Equivocation and Disingenuity?
Perhaps this?
UKIP won EU election, Tory won UK promising ref. Tory manifesto only included leaving EU in snap GE after referendum &amp; after A50 triggered. MPs didn’t vote to trigger A50, only to grant PM to be able to do so. A50 itself says 2yrs. Parliament still sovereign. Brexit happening.
Tory Brexiteer appointed to Privy Council by May agrees to back her deal Make of that what you will
“Frictionless trade does not exist outside the single market. Once the UK is unplugged from the EU system that lets trucks go straight through Dover … Our strategy I guess will be to use the transition period to move some business away from the UK.”
No Brexit will be worse by miles than a No deal , from everything I’ve researched and read ( everyday for months ) The political fall out could cause such an UNSTABLE Britain and the people will have lost all faith in the political class ( both main parties ) Scary times
We now need a military coup to rid us of the fifth columnists traitors working against the British people on behalf of a foreign entity! We need a purge of the traitors before we come and clear em out ourselves! They are about to start a war. Mays deal is NOT brexit.
‘Brexit Boxes’ sell in their hundreds to food-prepping Brits
Don’t start handing out your cherries now Tusk too little to late !! Happy to leave with nothing and start buying British goods instead of European !! #tusk #Brexit #JeanClaudeJunker #Eu
With major events like Brexit on the horizon, 2019 could turn out to be a rocky ride for entrepreneurs. Here seven share the secrets of what's in their startup survival kit for 2019. #startup
What happened to Brexit? Can’t be Trump! What happened to Macron &amp; Merkel? Can’t be Trump!
This is beyond parody.
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit | News
Dear Prime Minister, please could we have a second referendum on Brexit.
Do you see a #Brexit analogy in the Suez débacle? In the perilously close-run thing (SS Atlantic Conveyor) of the Falklands? In the return of the drug-dealing centre (Hong Kong) to it's landowner (China) after the lease expired?
I've not really been following stuff but if they're saying no Brexit is more likely, then that's a good thing right?
Says more about the Marxist Momentum cult that supports Comrade Corbyn than it does about #TreasonMay and her betrayal of Brits Britain and #Brexit
UK start up carry on a pace, despite Brexit etc, despite EU slow down, despite all the doom and gloom
Doesn’t sound good though,does it? Brexit long ago ceased to have any upside. The issue the Brexiteers now argue about is how deep in the shit we will be. I’d prefer to avoid it altogether.
Reflecting on past and current behaviours,and working to overcome the less beneficial ones,doesn’t seem to be Americans’ strong suit,by and large. Same could be said of many of the current major “democracies”. Brexit being a solid example. The Brits are fools to leave EU.
Harry Potters bankers , who were they fashioned from J.K ?
What choice do they have? Couple of points you may have missed Conservatives are in power and in control of Brexit Labour are not in power and at present can have no real influence over Brexit You being paranoid doesn’t change anything really
For 1st time wondering if PM might resign if defeat in three figures. She doesn’t want to front up no-deal catastrophe and Parliament will not let her anyway.But doubt she has appetite or authority for soft Brexit renegotiation or referendum. Carnage for Tories though if she goes
Our European family want us to stay. #loveEU #Remain 48% of us want to stay, don't abandon us. No nos abandonéis
A Lincolnshire Independent (with a strong and reliable Brexit policy); or the Time Party (if they put up a candidate).
No mother should be faced with such a choice. This is why the pairing agreement for votes is so important for female MPs. Another example of the damage done by the erosion of trust in politics. #meaningfulvote
If you cant do what you said, then get out of the way and let someone have a go that can! Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Very interesting subject covered by this morning, how Brexit is taking its toll on the nations mental health. #idontknow
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' The PM welcomed new EU assurances over the impact of the deal on Northern Ireland, saying they had "legal force". 1/2
The latest The pregnancy, yoga, health Daily! Thanks to #kindersachenbasarnet #brexit
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it via
Slower than Brexit!!
But, but, but, I was told that #Brexit meant we could live on the Moon, with the Unicorns......
You can hone your hunter-gatherer skills prior to Brexit
Enough. , you know you're losing the vote tomorrow, but it's now looking likely that you'll fail by a landslide. Do the honourable thing (for once in your life) and resign. #GeneralElectionNow
We had the millennium-bug thing and everything was fine, Brexit will be the same — everything’s going to be fine.
So farmers won't get subsidies they will lose millions from EU.
The recap is priceless, couldn't make it up.
I think the greatest lesson for all of us from the utter shambles that is the Brexit Negotiation Saga is this: to always be sure that you are carrying your own side with you during negotiations.
fed up of brexit////////////////
This is wrong on many levels. PM May threating Leave voters by saying if you dont back my (rotton) Deal there will be no BREXIT. Which will see the end of democracy in Britain. That will get me and a lot of others out to fight for our democracy. Any deaths will be at May's door.
13 Tories have quit govt now over Brexit - quite some tally, but not sure if it really makes a difference any more
No Brexit would be far worse than No Deal. Yes, no deal may be a backward step, but would allow us to move forward. A 'no Brexit’ would prolong the political mess we’re in now.
Really???? A Labour MP voting to help May make people poorer? What on earth are you doing?
#brexit Integrity seems to have gone in your eyes! Letters from the EU assuring the backstops existence will be temporary and the PM's promises. Are you basing your decision about the deal on your own assumptions and on the way you do deals? You really should support the deal!
There’s destined to be a #brexit or the credibility of UK democracy will be strained for generations. Voters confidence in Political chattering classes will be shattered if Brexit is not progressed
MP Gareth Johnson resigns as Tory Whip ahead of Brexit deal vote
The view from Scotand on #Brexit It's a bit like living in a terraced house watching neighbours on both sides fight in their back gardens over which one of the weans is to blame over the ball that got kicked over the fence into yours. Here's a Labour MP siding with the Tories
Fall of The #BerlinWall Was A Disaster For #BRITAIN And NOT For The #RUSSIA. That's Why #Brexit Happened. #Germany Reunification Explained In 11 Minutes
The podcast of our interview with about #Brexit, gender and his new book #MiddleEngland is available now
So , as you have stated, if You now “know exactly what Brexit entails”, what is it? Can you explain to me how Brexit is, 100%, DEFINITELY AND WITH 100% GUARANTEED FACT going to affect everyone else?
Wanting to give enough of a rat's arse to follow brexit news more closely yet just bogged down by the all round incompetence and deception surrounding it Sigh
What a complete and utter waste of time democratic voters not listened to I will never ever cast a vote again as long as I live if Brexit does not happen ,MPs from many constituents will never get in again
Breaking news! Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
No-deal Brexit would be 'national suicide', says Dominic Grieve
BREXIT! MARIE KONDO! PUPPIES AND KITTENS! Great. Now I have your attention, please read my newsletter about the week in Racing! Also, please do if you’re not a Racing fan and let me know!
Putin and Trump are trying to throw a wrench in Brexit, and democracy in Zfranch, Poland, Turkey, Syria... I could go on.
Have to say, this is what I think is the only likely scenario other than the ‘crashing out…’ scenario. However, there’s a big difference between a working majority for everything else… and one on Brexit.
Hats off. Nicely done! Be honest how many takes? And how was it shot? Osmo? Asking for a friend.
Don’t trust that foren muck get propa British Brexit bricks
Aware of this too. May RT to the peeps I sent tweets earlier. Think it is difficult to attract their attention as the seem to be focused on the Brexit vote tomorrow unfortunately.
As an American, I am absolutely flabbergasted that Teresa May hasn’t been guillotined yet. Very difficult to understand for me
A nice clean break managed WTO rules exit from the EU is accepted as the only way forward now. #BREXIT #MeaningfulVote #TheresaMay #PoliticsLive #BBCR4today
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' The EU said it didn't want to use the "backstop" but, if it did, it would be for "the shortest possible period". 2/2
Owen Smith. 36 seconds.. #owensmith #newlabour #satire #TonyBlair #blairite #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitShambles #brexit #legacy 35
I would be hoping the jail can be extended also to anyone found, on Chilcot style enquiry, and subsequent prosecution, to have been guilty of fraud or misconduct in a public office over the way #Brexit has been handled since.
The day before Theresa May and the Tories are brought down over Brexit, Eddie Marsan spends hours tweeting that the Tories mean well and that to say they're hurting the poor, middle class, disabled, young, old, immigrants and BAME, is a "delusion among Corbyn supporters"; #FBPE.
After the 29th talks on the trade agreement starts. But that depends on whether we have crashed out WTO. Whether parliament is truly sovereign/our will. OMG thats complex. In theory yes.. It makes/passes laws. But Brexit has shown what a shower of shytes they are.
Dutch State-TV: "BRINO or NO BREXIT" #BREXIT So you have 2 identical options of NO BREXIT! Isn't European democracy great....-
I don't know if you're doing arsecast today, but I would love your opinion as to whether the January 'loan only' policy is a safety measure ahead of Brexit in March, and how much you think this could affect transfers going forward? #arsecastextra
If this works why can't we just add the amendment "The EU will let us leave in full without a hard border and with a trade deal immediately, will pay US the £39bn and also Jean Claude Junker must make a special visit to the UK to apologise"
They may have fucked the country but at least Brexit will finally solve the divisions within the Tory par- aaaaand the whips are quitting.
Praying to a God that I don't believe in that this was an elaborate plan to make the deal so absurd that it would inevitably be voted down &amp; Brexit would be avoided and she wouldn't be accountable.
How else could Theresa go from "no-deal Brexit" to "No Brexit At all" overnight? If so, biggest ruse of all time. Ain't questioning it though! C'mon, commons! Vote that sh*t to dust.
The irony that the UK government is today complaining that Parliament is exerting too much influence over Brexit when one of the principal tenets of the leave campaign was to “take back control” and give Parliament more sovereignty. You couldn’t make this up.......
Is it worth learning a language Post Brexit? Read here about the benefits of learning a language from our three foreign language teachers... turinepi #learnlanguage #brexit #languagelover #bilingualism
Brexit Timeout ...
Ending in tears only is not sufficient punishment for the suffering she has inflicted on people. Windrush, UC, Brexit.
I sought out or quite likely chanced upon those ‘sensibles’ taking Neil + the Spectator to task. I don’t care *who* does it, I just want them + their network exposed. Did you see this article? This normalisation of far right thought is linked to brexit.
Dear me, when you've to over egg the cake with so many factually inaccurate little pictures, you just know someone has to be over compensating
and The Speaker John Bercow will be the person to blame, complete idiot
Dinosaur deniers and gay-bashers for BREXIT!
Tune in now - Andy Murray, Premier League, Sadiq Khan, Brexit. The works...
Excellent. Jacob Rees -Mogg should have been the one that organised and negotiated Brexit . Mrs May made a big error nit placing him on front bench but she may well have realized his clarity and knowledge and ability may have dimmed her.
Sums it up aptly
Leaving the EU leaves no other option than going back to how things were before we joined the Common Market. Politicians are lying if they think there is any other long term alternative that doesn't mean trading arrangements stay exactly as they are now, and that's not Brexit...
So the Business and Industry minister Richard Harrington MP hopes that big business wasted money in preparing for a No Deal Brexit, you shouldn't be wanting any business wasting money when safeguarding themselves against the incompetence of our MP's #brexit #ianking #skynews
It is the biggest bestest squirrel, certainly. But all of those things are done by design of our plutocrats. When brexit is out of the way (which will not be soon no matter the outcome) they will expend all their energy on a new squirrel hunt: not on fixing those things
Brexit in peril if divorce deal voted down - May
When the government whips feel they have to vote against the government.......
leaving this here...
Nice work For example: This #brexit is a complete boondoggle. I wonder if the public have been bamboozled?
How do they not know this? After all this time.
Daniel, if you do the maths based on a minimum 4% loss of GDP, they are correct. The immigration policy that must apply to all including footballers, where do we We get the NHS staff?
Rory, the public mood on #Brexit has changed. The government is unable to deliver it and the majority of MPs do not want it. A #PeoplesVote is the democratic way forward now. Let the electroate decide if they want the Brexit deal or no Brexit.
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved The level of tory/#brexit hypocrisy received in this piece is stunning but not unexpected.
Even today, at a critical point in the UK's history the PM™ is still incapable of honesty! #StopTheBrexitMadness
I demand a recount. This all feels very Brexit...I think the Russians influenced the vote!
New: The Secret Civil Servant: The ultimate Brexit phrasebook (£ !?)
One of my followers sent me this. The pros and cons of each #Brexit option.
Brexit is not only economic suicide, it’s cultural vandalism - insightful and fascinating article by
British politics summed up perfectly. We are in a mess, someone needs to finally take the bull by the horns and actually get on with something infact ANYTHING. so unfair that the British Public are being led on a merry dance by politicians who we pay a fortune too.
Prime Minister Theresa May is making a last-ditch attempt to persuade MPs to back her Brexit deal as Tuesday’s key Commons vote looms closer. via
Totally agree! #GoWTO 'let's paint our future on a clean canvas!' Open letter to Parliament from the Electorate
Brexit ?
Subscribe to the FT to read: Financial Times The latest pro-Brexit analysis has got its sums badly wrong
#Woman's #Football Show. Doing a great job &amp; following growing. We need to take it a step further and get system to TELL Gary Lineker to stop worrying about Brexit and start showing some Women's games/ highlights on #Match of the day! Responsibility to other half of youngsters
The question is "How much is it costing him ?" NOT "Is it costing him?" - Difficult to tell due to lack of data of "Converts" distribution per constituency. &amp; the next #GeneralElection in the balance. #Brexit
Excellent work
By "we" he means the #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Impacts of Brexit reach beyond its borders. Husband just appointed to oversee “Brexit” team, here in Ontario, b/c his company (American owned, operations throughout world) has to prepare for changes to regs/approvals/tax etc. They’re also moving office out of UK b/c of Brexit.
Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit
Agree. One last face palm and leave sure in the knowledge that when the shit hits the fan no leave voter will complain that they were adversely affected by Brexit because turkeys voted for Christmas twice.
This is right. Many of those who voted Leave in referendum don’t vote at all in general elections, never mind voting Labour. I will be doing what’s in the best interests of all my constituents - those who voted for me, for another party, didn’t vote at all, or too young to vote
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
Tory tasked with getting other MPs to vote for May’s deal quits – to vote against it himself /#Brexit #PeoplesVote
Theresa May's new Brexit claim backfires spectacularly as she's accused of lying
Brexit risks all the wildlife and conservation directives of the EU being dumped by the UK. It's potentially catastrophic handing the Tories carte blanche with our wildlife; the party of hunting, shooting, muirburn, badger cull, you name it, they kill it.
"Portugal will NOT be requiring visas from British holidaymakers" Is that Portugal's decision?
For someone whose constituency voted so narrowly for brexit she is just another not listening or prepared to accept there are real concerns.
Not a chance - Labour are shockingly bad in opposition under Corbyn, I can't imagine how bad they would be in power. I'm voting for a party that wants to stop Brexit - Liberal Democrats.
Petition open to all EU citizens. Sign now to seek an exit from the clusterbùrach of England's Brexit.
Tell the #eu to take a running jump with their letter. #Brexit #brexitmeansbrexit #BrexitBritain
We need a general election like yesterday. Get rid of these murdering Tories. People have forgotten their cruel policies and are fixated on Brexit. There's much more to this country than that. #Tories #GeneralElections2019 #GetTheToriesOut #ChangeIsComing #JC4PM2019
Worried about Brexit? Forget it &amp; worry about this instead. Kendzior has been unerringly accurate in predictions so far.
This is objectively awful - no other workplace in the country would get away with treating its female staff like this
“Blame us. Blame Westminster. Do not blame Brussels for our own country's mistakes and do not be angry at us for telling you the truth. Be angry at the chancers who sold you a lie” ... David Lammy, MP #Brexit
West Oxfordshire – first sighting of Brexit unicorn?
The Hypocrisy of the left is abhorrent and frighteningly disgusting. #EU #Labour #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitTheUncivilWar #Brexit #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder ... via
I'm sick to the back benches with Brexit.
Confused about #Brexit? Who isn’t?
Brexit is bad, no advantages, i get it ALL. What is it u do not understand about the thousands of homeless, disibility benefit cuts, austerity deaths so on and on. We remain and none of those are solved. We need a lab gov to get better deal (i'd prefer to remain) or offer a p.v
Theresa May didn't create most of her Brexit problems, but her negotiated plan appears to be the worst of both worlds in a number of respects, and nothing can hide the fact that it doesn't have majority support either in Parliament or among the UK populace
Hard Brexit means Hard Border.
This is now past the issues of just Brexit, it now about the fact that yet again politicians and the elites think they know better than the working people of the country. The arrogance with Brexit along with many other issues is disgusting.
So The Guardian is now publishing Ex-Evening Standard Editor's articles? Very left wing of them!
There you go...
Project reality. Uncertainty is the enemy of business, growth and jobs.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Even Brexiteer Liam Fox doesn’t think No Deal Brexit is anything to fear.
Commitment yes - and my thanks and best wishes to But also shows how much Theresa May and her whips have destroyed trust. The hypocrisy!
Just like Brexit, this poll shows that people cannot be trusted with decisions.
It is if you put ***king in front of it.
Could it be that the “establishment” is not actually individuals but government in general? The Brexit vote (albeit illegal and supported/financed by foreign money). Also, R-M (and his father are disaster capitalists, Johnson is a buffoon and Farage a subversive, racist gambler
As with Spain, Italy, Portugal, Germany and, of course, UK. Remember when we were being warned that millions of ex-pats would all have to return home after Brexit?
If one tweet sums up how competently the UK is handling #Brexit I think it's this
The Commons vote on May's Brexit plan is Tuesday: Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' #payattention
CURRENCIES : British Pound In Focus Ahead Of Tuesday's Brexit Vote
Tory Liam Fox's incredible new Brexit slogan wasn't on the side of a bus
tory twisted logic
Food for thought
It's easy to forget how potent a force disappointment can be in politics. If Corbyn loses the membership over Brexit, it could jeopardise his whole political project. #Hurrah #CorbynOut
Brexit: Theresa May to make last-ditch plea to opposition lawmakers
Brexit: Theresa May to make last-ditch plea to opposition lawmakers via
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it via
"If nationalists get a YES vote Scotland will be leaving the UK and so will be leaving the EU" The Better Together lie. #Brexit
Signed and shared on FB and Twitter-well done martin #DissolveTheUnion
Looks like Brexit may not work after all
What happens next? call for a general election, Brexiteers back the vote as they want to get rid of , select who is vastly more popular than &amp; we get a ruinous hard-Brexit?? What is the most likely outcome?
Pro-Brexit Govt Whip Resigns to Vote Against May's EU Deal via
Let the profiteering begin ... #brexit #profiteering
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal
Liberal Democrats have moved forward with legislation in preparation for a People's Vote. Parliament is in deadlock. It is time to go back to the people to give them the final say on Brexit. Join our campaign for a People's Vote &gt; …
Pound Sterling falls as investors prepare for Brexit vote
The price of Kinder bueno has gone up. Flip you Brexit
No brexit
One of my followers sent me this. The pros and cons of each #Brexit option.
Not at all. The Brexit scum won’t listen to reason so only a crushing defeat will get through their dense skulls. Fully committed to rebuilding as fast as possible with any input from the idiotic bigoted scum that wanted Brexit.
I would say that the fact that Brexit’s main cheerleaders are racists, fascists, white supremacist nazis, Trump and Putin tells us all we need to “get” about it.
Thank goodness there are MPs who put country before party #RescindArt50
One reason I left the UK and moved abroad to work was because I couldn't stand writing the same #Brexit headlines over and over again. I don't know how media colleagues back home have coped! #GroundhogDay
Voting records don't lie Theresa
American politics: government shutdown Uk politics: brexit Canadian politics: it’s so boring that we just legalized weed to have something to talk about
And here’s another whose actions have become very difficult to square with her words.
Brexit takes toll on Britain's financial sector, outlook weak. Despite gloomy tone, financial sector headcount expected to rise in quarter ending March '19; investment intentions remain broadly stable, the survey by &amp; said. v
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it via
Danny Dorling on what caused Brexit, interview with David Bowie’s bandmate Woody Woodmansey (E699)
The UK Government has questions to answer on forestry and fishing.
Why oh why do people still believe these lying clowns? #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Brexit #vote reduced value of UK companies by 16% - #Companies #news
This no effective opposition thing really is shit.
We're being warned of the Possibility of no brexit.... Thank god, because the alternative of going through with it would have brought us to our knees
When it comes down to it, #Brexit or destroy this Parliament. This Parliament, (shit, it's bad), is intent on on fucking over democracy.
...and when the opposition are postponing CAESAREAN SECTIONS to vote against it!
UK more likely to stay in EU rather than crash out with no deal - May via #brexit
BREXIT SMEXIT !!! Your 2019 is in your hands and only you can decide how you want it to be. You decide. Goal setting AND PLANNING workshop Saturday 19th Jan 10am - 1pm book #goalsetting
"How can asking the people to make a decision based on facts ever be a betrayal of democracy? Facts that, as each month passes further disprove the fantasies that were once so shamefully peddled.” – Major calls for suspension of Brexit via
So the Business and Industry minister Richard Harrington MP hopes that big business wasted money in preparing for a No Deal Brexit, you shouldn't be wanting any business wasting money when safeguarding themselves against the incompetence of our MP's #brexit #ianking #skynews
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
by that logic, the whole of the EU should have got a vote on Brexit.
#GoWTO let's paint our future on a clean canvas!' Open Letter to Parliament from the People
...but, please sir, would you be kind enough to let us know when brexit is dead? So we can lay a small wreath in remembrance...
One of the most remarkable things I've learnt from reading 's book, Heroic Failure, is the extent to which lies. How can such an important individual lie so often and get away with it? It says a lot about the failure of during the #Brexit fiasco.
He might be happy about it but that’s nothing to do with the vote. Loss of sovereignty and control coupled with uncontrolled EU immigration of far more concern to British people. Why have another referendum? Didn’t we already decide? I’m not pro Brexit, but I am pro democracy.
"..of which we have not honoured the result" surely?
No Way, no money for nothing! Fact EU only want UK money!
It wasn’t a democratic vote. The result was advisory. The advice isn’t working, nor will it ever work. The risks are far greater than any of the supposed benefits of Brexit. Your vote was shafted. Time to put the whole shambles to bed
UK industries seek simpler #carbonpricing post-#Brexit, with cash 4 clean innovation (good luck with that, #EUETS revenues already tightly controlled by UK treasury) - by intrepid on #Brexit-frontlines with PM May
Brexit isn't the problem - remaining politicians who don't believe in democracy are!!
What happens w our banks when Brexit really sets in. 2 US$ cost £200 to cash &amp; 6 to 8 weeks to clear. Central Bank does not advice nor Stock Exchange. Consistent bullying of customers &amp; loss of value to their savings. Why?
No You are trying to impose a singular post facto interpretation of what #Brexit actually means.
Man overboard! #Brexitshambles
It is easy to see why the want voters to carry the can for their negligent response to the outcome of the referendum on Britain's EU membership, blaming the 'will of the people' and repeating that 'brexit' means 'brexit'.
Okay, we’ll just do no Brexit then. Cheers.
Very sad that the journalists are too ignorant to pull up the politicians on their ignorance. Very sorry state of affairs.
The latest Accounting Daily! Thanks to #accountants #brexit
there's no possible context in which 'aspiration' and 'brexit' can be used in the same sentence.
UK CONSERVATIVES WAKE UP! IF U DONT SUPPORT MRS TERESA MAY?UK WILL LOSE BREXIT?THE CONSERVATIVE PARTY WILL LOSE ALL CREDIBILITY IN UK+ WORLD WIDE+WAITING IN THE WINGS IS A MAN OF ECONOMIC LIMITS WITH NATIONALISATION STAMPED ACROSS HIS FOREHEAD WILL B UKPM 4 NEXT.....,.. 10 YEARS?
I'm loving Cardiff even more !!!!
Am not doubting you but would be interested to read the proof of your second point.
Lord Barron anytime soon?
#London - From those : #ThresaMay hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - #PM ON BRINK
#Brexit is like Battlestar Galactica in the final season. The ship is barely holding together, it's mission long revealed to be a fantasy. No-one trusts anyone else, and the ending is bound to be a cop out that makes the entire journey feel like an exhausting waste of time.
It doesn’t fulfill Remain or Leave expectations. Shame on you for propping up this cruel Tory government. We need a #LabourBrexitDeal
Hoot for Brexit! Thanks to Sammy Wilson MP for joining us at the protest today! #LetsGoWTO
I dont want the deal to pass. I want the tories to see through their manifesto pledge of delivering Brexit, which isnt any type of deal, but adopting the tough stance of a no deal. I genuinely believe leave would win again with a higher percentage should we have a 2nd ref
UK #cruise growth continues despite uncertainty with +2m Britons expected to have cruised in 2018 + welcomes #Brexit guidance issued for travelers
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
that's some ratio, Kevin...shame on you
Really looking forward to the Brexit season finale this week. I doubt the cliffhanger will be resolved, but I'm 3 seasons in and can't stop watching. At least it makes more sense than Lost.
We the people are soverign in this United Kingdom. Not MPs. Not foreign MEPs. Not an unelected cabal in Brussels. Project Fear 1 failed. Project Fear 2 will suffer the same fate. Hold your nerve Brexiteers. Together the 17.4 million of us will see this through! #Brexit
Someone who understands that the man in the pub who voted for Brexit was mostly swayed by immigration, not the desire for some Norway type deal with all the freedoms. It’s the rest who are out of touch
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
So said the Leader! We can support her now. After Brexit, we can then elect someone else. She is the best one for the job right now. Like Churchill, there is a purpose why she is our PM right now. You can't depend on the likes of David Cameron, making us a world laughing stock.
As Brexit vote looms business confidence hits two-year low | via
In good company for the brexit panto.
I don’t understand how #Tories like argue that the Deal is exactly what they voted for and that it deliver the #Brexit theynhabe been dreaming about, whereas other quitter #Tories say the exact opposite
You can fuck off too. We don't need traitors like you in the Labour Party. Go join the Tories.
Absolutely right . . but the thing she does not see is that her deal is in no way Brexit.
Bitesize Brexit: A three part legal analysis of the options #quegal
No, she's wrong again. Missold Brexit in 2016 now know the true facts needs another vote.
They could all quit &amp; it wouldn't make any difference, unless someone has the guts to #revokeA50 #StopBrexitSaveBritain!
Back May's #Brexit deal, leading EU conservative urges #British MPs
The EU's latest effort won't help May pass her Brexit deal -
Premium 1 word domain name for sale @ ebay £1250 or best offer Also available @ godaddy (no offers) #physiotherapy #Domains #Entrepreneur #sport #Brexit #Trump
If I am being honest I would say a No Deal Brexit would hasten Scottish independence. The thought of going down with the Brexit ship as BritNats sing rule Rule Britannia will make most Scots man the independence life boats.
Strong point, well made. There is 'compromise', there is bending over on all fours and then there is Mr Paterson.
Vote Brexit then dumbf**k and they will all be stuck in Calais lol
Bloody hell, how many Johnson’s are actually in the Tory party?
The British government has published a letter from European Union leaders that it hopes will ease U.K. lawmakers' worries over the Brexit agreement between Britain and the bloc.
"I am equally clear that no deal for Britain is better than a bad deal for Britain." Theresa May 17 Jan. 2017 TM your deal is terribly bad for Britain, so follow your own convictions, chuck it, and leave with #NoDealBrexit.
NI Peace Monitoring Report 10 key points. 2. The implications of the impact of Brexit on the NI peace process remain uncertain but are likely to prove far-reaching. Available here …
#Woman's #Football Show. Doing a great job &amp; following growing. We need to take it a step further and get system to TELL Gary #Lineker to stop worrying about Brexit and start showing some Women's #games/ highlights on #Match of the day! Responsibility to other half of youngsters
#NowHiring a Regional Sales Manager for the UKI &amp; Northern Europe Regions! Experience with Higher Education enterprise software a plus! Please see: or contact: for more info! #jobfairy #brexit #enterprise #software #highereducation #Sales
The electrol commission has said that if it had been a mandatory referendum then it would have been void but because it was advisory they have no power over it. So what benefit do you expect to get from brexit ?
I read this in the tone of
We all know that Grieve is undemocratic and wants to reverse Brexit. He thinks the British people are stupid. Grieve will be the first one for the guillotine.
Thank you and for your replies. #Brexit
These people are fucking vermin we know wot we voted for u stupid Kunt get in the real world &amp; wake up b*tch #Brexit
She has been blocking Brexit from the beginning.
I suppose if we're in,we're in but if we're out we're maybe not out but could be out if we agree a bit more of the ins and outs of it all and perhaps brexit is just another word for keech.
I’ve put my name forward to the imminent SDP hustings to select a candidate for the looming parliamentary by-election in Peterborough.
You realise the tories will continue their cruelty regardless of Brexit, yet you are supporting them to stay in government. You’ve failed your constituents. #GeneralElectionNOW
No brexit &amp; Corbyn as PM.
Block Brexit
Land in Anglesey could be turned into a parking site for lorries in the event of a no-deal #Brexit
A brave decision by , but highlights the anachronistic nature of a Parliament designed for men - we need a sensible proxy vote system for pregnant MPs at the very least! #WomenInParliament #WomenLegislators
While Parliament is bogged down deciding whether or not it has to go, Telford politics is bogged down over a toilet roll factory. Brexit May or may not mean Brexit, but Jobbies mean Jobs.
Government whip QUITS to vote against May's Brexit deal: Gareth Johnson resigns via
Nothing really seems to, these days...
It must be bad if the SNP are the voice of reason...
Already on SELL #GBP before the #Brexit vote tomorrow.
#SammyWilson is threatening #theresamay #jeremycorbyn Lib Dems in #HouseofCommons. Every #DUP MP is NAKED,playing bongo drums and singing songs from Hair. People of #England MUST do what handful of DUP blackmailers tells them forever Arlene Foster has just screamed. #brexit
"A Brexit for all the Homers out there"
Currencies: #British pound in focus ahead of Tuesday’s Brexit vote #marketwatch #finance #news
The latest HumboldtPrepper Times! #ausopen #brexit
Does Brexit bring security? Does it bring job opportunities? Does it bring us any benefits whatsoever? No one voted for whatever this shambles is. Let's Exit Brexit and regain a bit of normality.
The Hypocrisy of the left is abhorrent and frighteningly disgusting. #EU #Labour #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitTheUncivilWar #Brexit #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder ... via
Opinion | Beyond Brexit – Nigeria wants a new trade deal with Britain
I don't think so. When the time is right, and crucially when the party mandates it, this will happen but currently there are many labour voters who still want brexit. Politics is a joke ..... its all about timing.
It’s not about “told you so” that’s how petty Brexit scum think. It’s about getting busy building a better world without Leave scum poisoning it.
In August this year, Prime Minister Theresa May visited Nigeria. She spoke about increasing investment opportunities, a new trade deal and economic partnership, tackling human...
Mrs May's Brexit deal risks giving the EU power to ruin the UK's ability to compete via
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
The only thing I'm stocking up for, come hard Brexit, is a warehouse full of freshly squeezed I-told-you-so.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Opinion | Beyond Brexit – Nigeria wants a new trade deal with Britain
I thought MPs needed a tiny bit of intelligence..clearly not for this lot..surely he should disqualify himself from any further part in this sorry process.
So you've sold out for money and the possibility of a peerage. If you and the rest of the Conservatives like you stop brexit the Conservatives will be toast. you will go down in history as a man with no scruples.
I think the Tory Party is making a fine job of destroying itself by failing to deliver on its manifesto to deliver Brexit, and as you know I have been active in trying to facilitate new directions or new options . We should celebrate democracy, not be afraid of it.
Britain after Brexit, as seen by eight foreign secretaries. A chance to hear from both sides, calmly. There's opposition, sure, but also a surprising amount of common ground.
Wouldn't surprise me if you see over next couple of days ''Cardiff City have today parted company with manager Neil Warnock''.... #WatchThisSpace #CardiffCity
Yes. There is no doubt that we have been hit economically by the Brexit referendum, starting with the immediate slump in the value of sterling. The more recent global slowdown would have affected us in any case, of course, but that is now on top of the Brexit hit.
BREAKING NEWS: The EU just ended May's career. #Brexit #BrexitChaos
'At present, within the #EU context, Irish &amp; British citizens are in the same entitlements category. Both will experience differential treatment &amp; different forms of disadvantage post-#Brexit.' This article examines the different categories, highlighting citizenship issues
We make nothing so how do we believe in the Brexit Britain when 2 of the constituent parts don't even want Brexit?
Dennis Skinner MP: Full interview on EU, Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn via
Good. Brexit will hurt the many, not the few.
Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous | George F. Will
Magnus Linklater has previous for comedy bollocks...
Are you talking about Brexit?
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote #Remain
With warning and EU letter, May tries to pull MPs behind Brexit deal - Reuters via
Yes the whole debate was hijacked and emotional regressive nostalgia gained a foothold. Sadly it never got to be a rational debate. If the Leavers had provided convincing arguments for Brexit it would be going through smoothly. They haven't.
The actual quote is " How a Country is judged is how it treats it's ELDERLY " .
Although tbh it would be like the News of the World and they'd just rebrand as the Unashamedly Fascist Party.
There is not going to be a no deal #brexit we have Ferry companies with no Ferries, we have no computer systems that are required, we have not taken on the extra border staff required- its never been part of any plan
The factory where Theresa May made her big Brexit speech today received more than £400,000 in EU funding.
The concept of informed consent must apply here. If every Brexit is damaging to us (which his own Govt figures confirms) it is undemocratic for us not to have the chance to agree or reject the consequences. #PeoplesVote
Theresa May's last-ditch #Brexit plea backfires #hypocrisy
No May Deal No Leaving Without a Deal So Pause Brexit Article 50 Reset the parameters with a GE Create new negotiations with EU Vote on Outcome.... Labours Deal or Remain What's so hard to understand ? #GeneralElectionNow
Theresa May is on a final farewell tour to whip up support for her Brexit plan. Who's had more farewell tours, her or Status Quo?
He stood on a manifesto to implement Brexit. He is trying to subvert that.
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
LIVE: Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote
'Education is not just another material asset: it is fundamental to creating who we are.' A very good article exploring the issues with private education.
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line via
I'm calling bullshit on Brexit! #I'mCallingBullshitOnBrexit
Well done, Jack. Quite an event!
A SKY NEWS PRESENTER Talking to the public in Belfast, about Brexit this morning said “ Today we are listening and getting the views on Brexit from REAL PEOPLE”...... WOW I thought...I always suspected that those in Parliament and the Propaganda media were brain dead androids..
Get on with it. Declare Marshall law. #Brexit #LeavMeansLeave #NoDealBrexit #NoDealNoProblem
As if Tory and Labour Brexit were the same thing... Stupid Torygraph!
Umm, no. I mean Theresa May is the worst British Prime Minister in at least a century; and has never shown the least concern for British citizens, or to communicate straightforwardly &amp; honestly about how the consequences of a "no deal brexit" in order for us to prepare.
Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's #Brexit deal - Metro
This is a speech from someone who wants to be Prime Minister. Though vacuous and dull, it's worth reading, in particular the bits where Dominic Raab finds hope for our future in Forbes magazine and the Maldives
Theresa May axes 'lie' from Brexit speech after critics point out it's not true. is a liar. #Brexit is a con. A fraud. A lie
I think at this point the political party structure is causing more harm and confusion, than good. There are 650 different versions of Brexit. Can't divide it by Tory/Labour anymore
#Poverty #Hunger . took this '2 Year Route of Deceit &amp; Lies' to Frustrate everyone and, as with Cild Sex Abuse Inquiry ... bury #Brexit . Both sides of #Brexit Must Fight HER and Rid #UK of her #May HAS used #Brexit to rob TaxPayers too ! .
#Brexit The EU is clamping down on TAX HAVENS and the wealthy, greedy MoggERGers &amp; BOJOs and Investment Banking #Brexiteers don't like it. #PeoplesVote to STOP the TAX DODGERS RIPPING US OFF.
You mean, like the millions who voted Leave as a protest vote because Remain was supposed to win and they didn't want Brexit to actually happen? Sounds like Theresa's last-ditch desperate tactic: make the enemy complacent. But there's too much at stake to take that risk.
Pro-Brexit Govt Whip Resigns to Vote Against May's EU Deal via #Brexit
Really interesting thread comparing the Welsh devolution referendum and #Brexit and the start contrast in the handling of a narrow mandate.
Sky News:
Exactly why we are better off parting whilst remaining good friends &amp; allies. We're chalk &amp; cheese. Always have been &amp; always will be.
Very very sensible and wise (comme d'habitude) from Simon Jenkins
Disagree. She just stated on news, in defence of her will of the people act, that no UK government has ever refused to implement a referendum result. 1979 referendum was in favour of devolution by near same numbers as Brexit. So pretty relevant to bring up.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
Am sure brexit loons will find some way to blame Sadiq Khan for this stabbing.
Brexit Blues -
Who could have predicted this?
Thanks for nothing. You know her deal will fail. Why not help the remainers more?
If gets voted down, The threat to remains is a no deal Brexit The threat to leavers is no Brexit How about a to find out what the public want now
May need to run down the clock to the end of this month to rule out time for a GE. PV already out of time. (without EU Art 50 extension). This weeks the last chance for a choice other than no deal brexit or May's deal.
Money on Brexit not happening folks???
But thanks to your Brexit goal Labour will lose when by rights it should be a walkover
Paywall - advice only for those who can afford it, like food after hard #Brexit.
Even Tory Whips don't want to vote for Maybot's Brexit deal...
No media reports of this today, no surprise #brexit
May Warns Parliament Will Kill Brexit if Her Deal is Voted Down
It’s 2019 and Theresa May is still going around saying “brexit may not happen” as if it’s a threat
BoJo has lost the plot. "Boris Johnson says people will blame 'deep state' if Brexit gets blocked"
Pound hits seven-week high on eve of vital Brexit vote...
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, the public has run out of patience – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock - The Independent
So basically our communal manufacturing could do with both, but customs union is more important. But our services sector which is much larger needs the SM. This is why saying just CU is a jobs first brexit, is a lie.
We watch and wait to see if this weeks marks the end of the myth of "British Democracy". #NoToEU #Democracy #Brexit #Lexit #Peace #Socialism
I’ve long stated the same. That regular ppl don’t put Trump and Brexit in the same corrupt category is mind boggling. And you can imagine the thrill Xi, Putin and the other mobsters felt in succeeding
Steven seems to understand and care more for British people and politics then virtually every British artist who are generally hiding or saying it's complicated.
You mean for your sake Theresa. You talk about catastrophic harm if we don't leave but you don't give a shit about the catastrophic harm leaving will cause. #Brexit BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
A lawmaker, who helped enforce discipline in Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party, quit his role on Monday over her Brexit deal with the European Union which faces a crucial vote in parliament on Tuesday. "Enforcer in May's Conservative Party…
Reminder that this guy stands to materially benefit from the UK leaving the EU, in the form of cold hard cash
Not much consensus over what a no-deal Brexit would mean for UK/EU #steel trade, but legal sources suggest there would be no tariffs on semi-finished/finished products
Brexit CONSPIRACY: Boris Johnson warns the DEEP STATE'S great conspiracy will BACKFIRE
I think I got the wrong end of the desk
The latest Catan Times! Thanks to #brexit #eu
Tuesday should be interesting - in a car crash way.
This was always planned. She will probably use this as an opportunity to withdraw A50. ECJ ruled UK can do it on its own.
Conservative Conscience: Place your loyalty to your country above your loyalty to your party.
Wtf since when did #brexit aupporters murder an MP? And this from an MP!!!
Short term disruption of WTO no deal over collapse of our political and possibly our economy aswell for me #NoDeal #Wto #Brexit
This is inflammatory for Majority Voters if #brexit and #TheresaMay will have to resign due to rejected credibility and professional incompetence. No Deal = WTO deal. Clear cut.
No we did not have a "famine". We had a cynical, opportunistic programme of exploiting the failure of one staple crop to cause mass starvation, disease, death, land-clearances and forced emigration. #CrimesOfBritain #AnGortaMór #Brexit #Think32
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit via
Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous:
Wto is a deal that we voted for #brexit
Hear hear. And any UKIP MEPs elected shouldn’t be paid as they really don’t want to be there!!
You are deranged, deluded and dangerous! I do not trust you. This Barnier-Robbins-May concoction is surrender! I would not send you to Tesco to buy a loaf of bread! Hopeless. I want the Brexit I voted for and was oromised. No transition, noback stop, no £39B, just leave!
As for governing outside of the EU, he will not be able to implement the utopia you and many others suggest he can. He and the entire political establishment will be focused on fighting brexit fires. This is simply the withdrawal agreement, the main negotiations are yet to start.
I think the media like to stir/mix it up otherwise why ask Warnock and Klop about Brexit during press conference on football? I hope they ask Junker if Pogba should have got red card for vicious tackle on Ali when discussing Brexit if he is pissed it could be great entertainment.
Is that you ?
No, we are heading to no Brexit. I think that will be a political and economic triumph for this country. For that party, it does matter anymore.
The country voted to leave. So let's do a no deal brexit and not fork out billions of pounds to the EU. What was/is the point of the war's our country has been involved in to make our country what it was. Sick of it now.
Please vote. #PeoplesVote #FBPE
But we have our wallets, we can choose where to spend our money and that includes UK businesses who fought Brexit or implied Leavers are uneducated, knuckle-dragging, racist morons. And we have social media to help each other. Push us and see.
Britons ‘set to spend £2bn more on holidays’ despite Brexit
Are you working for George Soros? Are you want to derail #Brexit ?
We voted for brexit and won we live in a democracy and leave won stop being a snowflake stevey babes
the 1975 cancelling their europe tour for the brits was the sole reason for brexit
Brexit has been a long, messy process that’s nowhere near finished more than 2 years after the initial vote — let's break it all down
#Brexit no one with a brain will believe when she says if her deal isn't voted through then it will mean no brexit. Only brainless media believe that. To get deal through she will tell Tories it's either her deal or labour government. 498 MPs voted to leave EU
We do not trust you. Just go go go. #MaymustGo #GetTheToriesOut
Worrying how detached from reality they really are. No Brexit would see a movement like in France, only bigger
Interesting piece of #Brexit #propaganda dropped through my letterbox today. Seems that cheap beer doesn’t aid recognition of looming cliff edges. #weatherspoons
Roll on no brexit, best result possible.
So, what we have is an establishment ganging up, frantic, to stop no deal, because no deal does mean leaving. #Brexit
Out of interest how many of you pay attention to brexshit developments and give thought to what will happen to this country in the coming months and years?
We’ll take no Brexit May!
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
Liam Fox is probably the stand-out utterly worthless lying prick, in the current cabinet
Theresa May axes 'lie' from Brexit speech after critics point out it's not true
Enforcer in #uk PM May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal A lawmaker, who helped enforce discipline in Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party, quit his role on Monday over her Brexit deal with the #EU which faces a crucial vote in parliament on Tuesday
'There is a fine line between loyalty and blind tribalism.' #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
Brexit survival kit ordered! If you want one they're £300 quid. BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Did you really use the phrase ‘jot and tittle’ ? Any chance you might be free for a comedy night in post-brexit Belfast?
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
How did you, just vote in the European elections? They are not until May 2019 ! And UK cannot vote unless brexit doesn't happen. Please explain.
All they have to do is claim Brexit “is not ... National Interest... etc” Revoke me Article 50 and Brexit is dead. They’ll do it. You know they will. This is the Tory party we’re talking about. When have they ever honoured anything they put in their manifesto!!
Ignore Dean Lewis. He's an FBPE troll whose main aim is to wreck the Labour party. Nothing to do with brexit. Mute or block!
#GoWTO this is what the People want and think! Open Letter to Parliament - 'let's paint our future on a clean canvas!'
Can't help wonder if maybe the time wasted deferral on progress on the green economy was part of the point of all this turmoil in the very first place.
FAO Corbyn fans: Yet another example of him either being ignorant or disingenuous. Tiresome, frankly.
Check out No Clear Brexit ie Cummings played by Cumberbatch on Channel 4. What ple need to understand about the Leave Campaign
No Boles just about sums you up perfectly #Brexit
Gareth Johnson MP, a “committed Conservative &amp; Unionist” resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote | Who will be next?
Brexit will only happen after a general election, and once a new party (who respects the people's original vote) is elected. This has always been the reality. The rest is smoke and mirrors.
Sorry but some Leavers clearly support a softer Brexit and by extension, May's deal. Sorry if that's not your Leave but, yes, it splits Leave and leaves Remain as the majority preference. You cannot claim 17.4 million No deal supporters without another headcount and MPs know it.
Spanish airline, British owned by the company that owns British Airways, may be grounded by Brexit despite Spanish Flag
Another Conservative wanker showing his true colours! The Loyalty should always be to the country you fucking thick twat. The government is supposed to represent the country! I fucking hate Tories and every single thing about them!
I dont care what the reasons are as long as huge majority in the House of Conmen votes down #TreasonMay's #BetrayalAgreement #WTOBrexit is the #Brexit we voted for. Let the swamp dwellers argue, cheat, scheme and lie until the end of March when we properly exit the dying #EU
Oh what joy
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit
All good for now...
Vote Tory &amp; get Brexit, vote Labour &amp; get Brexit! No difference here at all. All we have is elite establishment MPs arguing about doing the same thing
I cannot believe there was a Wife Swap Brexit Special. How can anyone put Brexit and Special in the same sentence?
TM warns Brexiteers that voting against = no Brexit, and Remainers that voting against = no deal. And listening to the radio today, it seems that some MPs are falling for the threats, and changing their minds to vote with TM. Will she get the numbers after all?
#Brexit Why it is essential we leave the EU before it's too late
Fantastic! This kills Mays deal?
Hi SkyBet, what odds have you got on the following happening in 2019; second EU referendum, remain vote to win this referendum and a general election to be called? #Brexit
Coming to the house with a deal you know has already been rejected by public opinion is also playing chicken. Threatening to betray Brexit in one of the most LEAVE voting constituencies in an attempt to lose the vote by a smaller margin is more mad cow.
And another one for Quisling's Corner.
Something like "Brexit f**kup" might work.
If Ms. May would subcontract Brexit negotiations to he'd finish it up in a week and the UK would own half of the EU (assuming they wanted it).
I’m not a expert in this field but I’m guessing this isn’t how it actually works
Matthew Herbert marks Brexit with Big Band album blow-out
Besides, all the evidence shows that 90% of Labour voters want them to stop Brexit. Sounds like they are well informed.
How can a no deal brexit, turn into a no brexit deal?
No positive Brexit developments since UK parliament postponed vote - Danish PM: -
Meaningless waffle!
Congrats.
Wasn't she totally against Brexit at first? Guess deciding to go all in - well, she did.
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
Prime Minister: Not voting for the Brexit deal would tell people in places like Stoke-on-Trent that their voices don’t matter.
Should be no qualms about calling a general election to break the deadlock then, right? #Brexit #Labour
Hear! Hear! It was done. Decreed. End off. Typical referendum moaner: "Oh… what about those people who were sick at home on the day of that last ref, and couldn't get out? And people who weren't old enough to vote then, but would be old enough now? Wot about all them, eh?
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit: -
"It's clear it's going to be voted down, it's a bad deal" Former #Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab says it's time for a "positive, optimistic, alternative" vision for leaving the EU
The latest The Cultural diversity Daily! Thanks to #diversity #brexit
problem is terresa may is not delivering brexit she's trying to push through a deal that suits her husband's buissness interest
Here he is ...lets ban everything in the UK to help London. Khan if you dont want Diesel Artic trucks (you will struggle to find petrol ones) Vote Brexit and keep them all in Calais lol
Brexit means nothing but pain and suffering for the people of this country for many years to come
Under 25s I talked to Saturday in Nottingham market had one clear message: we want to vote and we want to vote REMAIN. It’s our future; elderly Brexiteers will be dead by the time #Brexit really starts to throttle the British economy.
#Jazzwise "Matthew Herbert marks Brexit with Big Band album blow-out
Even Tory whips have no faith in May's fake backstop trap deal. They have given up trying to threaten and bribe MPs. A nice clean break managed WTO rules exit is the only way forward now! #BREXIT #MeaningfulVote #TheresaMay #WTOBrexit
Foodbanks ‘preparing for worst’ with Brexit and Universal Credit in 2019 after busiest ever Christmas
OK. How is the Brexit impasse/debacle/omniburach going to get resolved?
My husband relies on medicines to stay alive- he has terminal cancer, the pharmacist has told us 2 of his EU produced medicines are rationed to 30 day supplies because of cost due to weak £. She is v. worried about shortages.This Brexit gamble is life or death to us ..literally.
This is f**king bonkers. I wonder if there is any chance that the people supplying these boxes voted to Leave. #profitsbeforepeople
Rightly criticised. Theresa May and the tories caught out again.
All my career I have worked on the sales and distribution side of #publishing and it usually always goes unnoticed until now...
Let’s face it, Brexit is currently a choice of being water boarded by still or sparkling water at the moment isn’t it? #rescindarticle50
This was in the context of saying (finally) that he personally favoured a negotiated departure as the safest way to avoid a No Deal crash Brexit. 3/n
Leader of Cornwall Council: 'Unfortunately the council did not do as it could have done in the past to ensure that people understood the benefits of EU membership and what the structural funds' gave us.
uk have a good bargain tool for a brexit deal like the docks and healthcare these are the best in the world this should be use as a bargain tool you can stop other countries from using it or charge them for it
They can’t block Brexit. It is the law that they all voted for!
It is quite telling when 'ordinary people' know more about the situation than the MP's who are supposed to be dealing with this (or any) issue - it seems to be the case all too often with - The Tories know nothing and lie a lot!
All sorts of dishonest. You arent trying to implement the referendum, you are trying to change a few acronyms to trick the british people. As for bringing up parliamentary soverignty, you bunch of liars sitting there are the best argument against brexit
And that is why her Withdrawel Agreement will fail. #Brexit
“The People” were duped by lies and propaganda. They didn’t have the facts of Brexit when they voted. The decision is clear now. Reject Reject Reject BREXIT!
Brexit CONSPIRACY: Boris Johnson warns the DEEP STATE'S great conspiracy will BACKFIRE
Trade After Hard Brexit: WTO Rules Explained
Not Gareth Johnson MP! (Googles Gareth Johnson MP)
Worrying times Foxy #Brexit
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
This is the thanks that Varadkar and Coveney get from their EU masters for doing the dirty work on Brexit and the British people.
Plus the infamous Iain Duncan Smith among them... #Brexit #BrexitShambles
No Brexit? I’m okay with that
The main problem was the vague brexit means brexit stuff and not making choices for so long. You'll never get a brexit that suits everyone so you need to find a brexit that can get enough support to get through. May manage to get a deal no one wanted to support.
The sooner we put this 45 year aberration in Britain’s history behind us the better. #Brexit
The whole point of Brexit is to escape EU rules clamping down on tax avoidance!
I'm calling bullshit on Brexit! #CallingBullshitOnBrexit
. "We want to give a Brexit which is faithful to the referendum, that takes back control over our laws - this deal doesn't do that."
They would have to change the law to reverse Brexit. Unfortunately this treacherous bunch are more than capable of doing just that.
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
The "strong and stable" continues...
Surely a second referendum will just confirm that the country is split? Some constituencies will still vote leave and so parliament will still be split. I preferred your other tweet where you mention extending A50. That will allow us to properly sort the Brexit deal.
If you’re a Fireman in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
.Say no to globalists #Brexit now.
More evidence to show that we aren't getting the support of our vulnerable cyp right. Brexit needs to get over itself so that we can get some decisions made that change lives now. Exclusive: Pupils attempt suicide after waiting 10 months for help
Brexit Special for RIchard Wilson Please share
Your missing my point I’m not saying us staying in the Eu would have been good that’s not why I voted remain I’m saying us going about it the way we are and the whole of Brexit is a disaster wich is exactly why I voted remain in the first place
This just proves why the Tories are failing they just don’t listen and they don’t absorb information probably too busy paint balling!
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'. Establishment treat the people with utter contempt
does it again in the way only he can. Let’s start working together: “No one voted for hate”.
If true, Wednesday can’t come soon enough
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
I assume employs just to remove any lingering doubt about the emptiness of the pro-#Brexit crowd. He just writes down whatever #TheresaMay says and slaps his name on it.
How many is that now? 12 or 13?
Hello I wanted to let you know that with NO DEAL brexit, there is NO TRANSITION period. Hope you digest this and stop saying lies and #alternativefacts You know as a MP, your comments will be taken as facts, say the truth. No deal = cliff edge #PeoplesVote
the EU know that the UK voted leave, the only chance to keep us in the EU is offer the worst deal possible thus giving politicians the opportunity to halt Brexit - which is very likely when she loses the vote tomorrow.
"Yet a bizarre feature of the present debate is that the Ultra Brexiters are in complete agreement on these red lines, but they will not accept the consequence of them for the WA, and hence oppose it. " more brilliant stuff from
The stupid cow needs to have a Brexit with NO DEAL as the population of the UK voted for it to happen. Otherwise it shows that out Goverment has not listened to what the people voted for 2 years ago.....
People are bloomin' incredible:
Having now watched it, totally agreed
So, now a government whip has resigned. Not going to make corraling votes for tomorrow any easier for the PM. #FBPE #StopBrexit
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
HARD BREXIT PLEASE. Let’s make our own way in the World
It’s interesting that Gareth Johnson feels that the welfare of people in Dartford, the increasing levels of homelessness in his constituency and lack of affordable housing are not things to resign over, but this is...
Now we just need some conservative MPs to show the same sort of backbone
Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper "Brexit Boxes"
Brexit 2000
Read my reply again......I said government and not PM And remember that there was a legal challenge against the government over its authority to implement Brexit without approval from Parliament. As others say....Parliament ratified the result making it legally binding.
Shelia what has nick knowles got to do with brexit ?
MORE TO THE POINT WTF IS THE "MEANINGFUL VOTE". WE ALREADY HAD THAT IN 2016. WE'RE STILL WAITING FOR THE RESULT. When is the Brexit ‘meaningful vote’ in Parliament on Tuesday and how long will the House of Commons debate last?
Brexit. Europe lurching to the far right. Macrons Gestapo beating protesters on the streets. National service reintroduced pre Franco German Army being formed... What's that about? So, what choices do we need to consider?
Securing manufacturing in our country which Corbyns deal does .
Theresa May made her Brexit speech in a factory that had received a £400K EU grant. Top hit by
BBC News - Brexit: What's next if MPs reject May's deal?
Partner of UK minister warns MP against rejecting May's Brexit deal
EU crush no deal Brexit hopes: Irish minister SHUTS DOWN no deal – 'will not be allowed' http:So the Irish and the EU Mps will not allow a no deal Brexit whoa there isnt that for Britain to decide??
I suspect I’ve reached Brexit overload
An important decision such as Brexit shouldn’t have been based on a simple majority. The PM herself, like the rest of the population didn’t know the meaning of BREXIT before the referendum. She voted remain. We all know the meaning of BREXIT now.
Co-signed.
for a change, listen to The People - Open Letter to Parliament
Thatcher got her handbag, we’re out of Schengen and the €. It amazes me that we’re told we have to be optimistic about the post Brexit future, by people who are being so pessimistic about the past and our prospects within the EU. We are one of the big three. We have clout.
LIVE: Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote CALL AN ELECTION NOW
So, in other words Norm, "nothing will change"
2015 Brexit: We will be better off alone. We can get any deal we want. The EU will be begging us to give them a good deal. 2019 Brexit: We think *most" people will survive Brexit.
Incompetence, or willful ignorance. Europe is well shot of England. Scotland will be a EU member state and the end of this farce. Little England is butchering itself to make a few thousand mega rich folk, even richer. Follow the money, nests are being feathered. Brexit is a scam
'conspiracy by the deep state' my elbow. Any MP able to breathe unaided understands a majority are sick of Brexit, desperate for a way out of Brexit and ready to accept any solution that doesn't involve food shortages. The only thing at stake - as usual - is Johnson's ambition.
Someone should inform this 'dumb blonde', Mays deal is not Brexit, it's Remain dressed as brexit! It ties us in with no say on policy making, actually worse conditions than what we voted to leave? And Junkers 'promise' IS NOT BEING WRITTEN INTO WA. Not worth a balloon!
A speech where says he fails, again, to explain how BREXIT will benefit us in anyway at all. More hand waving nonsense that would embarrass a six former. time for Raab to grow up and leave fantasy behind
Why not make an offer on one of our domains @ eBay today ! eBay seller since 2003, 100% positive feedback. Free transfer to Godaddy acc within 24hrs ! #domainsforsale #Entrepreneur #startup #brexit #trump
Is a Labour Brexit better than No Brexit?
Brexit is also a gigantic tax avoidance scam, what with the EU about to bring into force a bill that would force member countries to close tax avoidance loopholes!
The vote is a very serious matter! #Brexit
100 people are in a nightclub. They wonder if they should leave. 35 vote to stay. 37 vote to leave. 28 abstain. They get their coats and pile outside. After an hour standing in the rain, someone finally asks, "Right then. What's the plan?" #brexit #fail #lies #nowwhat
Thanks, Jeremy. We also need a #PeoplesVote on any Brexit deal. The best possible deal is the one we have right now. That’s the deal we can improve, inside the EU.
UK music industry faces significant risks if May’s Brexit deal passes, PM is warned
Everything you need to know about Brexit via live blog
Article 50 was triggered. #Brexit
Dear daughter’s choice of attire today. Never too young to fight for your future. #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #JC4PM
Desperate empty threat
Hurtling through England on the train, getting some writing done and sporadically trying to figure out where we are on Brexit now. It’s going to be a wild week at Westminster
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' Hold another referendum!!! Let ALL Brits vote on conditions of proposed “Leave”. Majority didn’t vote initially, &amp; those who voted didn’t know terms of departure. Brits know now, so let’s vote
This is what happens when you can't trust Tories to honour the pairing agreements. Bastards. Lots of strength to Tulip and her baby x
Brave Career Move c/w with honest words about 's farcical"NO Brexit-Remain Deal" Hope she copies Cameron + RESIGNS if this deal plus the empty words she repeats continuously repeats is all she has to offer us after a DECISIVE Brexit Ref Result
They’re not going to even have Brexit now apparently
I wonder, if I ran as an independent candidate, in London on a platform of abolishing the ridiculous rabble at Westminster and giving power back to the regions (yes, inc indy for Scotland) how well do you think I would do? #indyref2 #Brexit #politicsneedswomen #PeoplePower
Check out what I found. Spitting Image Board Game Parker Brexit politics Tories via
Blairites making pathetic look potent. Why don't they just fuck off .....
But now back to Twitter. What about this Brexit eh?
We agree, so someone tell
Daniel voted leave but he has changed his mind and he is a #RemainerNow. He explains why in this great article in the Big thanks to for approaching us so we could put then in touch with . #Peoplesvote
Usually, in such circumstances, the manager starts ranting about Brexit.
We do not live in direct democracy we live in representative democracy where leaders are elected to make decisions. I would much rather trust elected, qualified politicians deciding something as crucial as brexit than the general population where few are qualified.
Yeah, cause ALL those people living in countries that not currently EU member states are forced to wipe their arse with their hands! #brexit #Bullshit
Breaking news Gareth Johnson government whip just resigned as he will be voting against mays deal. Whole May continues to threaten MPs up in stoke some are resigning and will vote against. And so they should. It’s a sham #brexit
Why would any sane Leaver vote for such a shit deal? If the Remainers in Parliament scupper Brexit, we will have the moral high ground to win the next election. If we collude in our own servitude by backing the deal, we have no credibility and the next Parliament will be Remain.
Thousands of people losing good jobs. Businesses closing. #GetTheToriesOut
All the unpicked daffodils in this film means the farmer will suffer a loss of income. If you don’t care, think about when it’s an unpicked food crop, everyone will suffer then. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
UK financial services growth falls for the first time in 5 years. We are getting the #Brexit Dividend. Less jobs &amp; higher prices for basic foods &amp; fuels. From the fastest growing economy in Europe to the slowest. I forecast all of these outcomes over 2 years ago.
At Breakfast not Brexit Me: You know how china gets chipped? Him: NO! I didn't know anything about that! Me: Well... Him interrupting: Don't tell me UK are getting chipped as well! Me: NO! Not that China, this china plate, it gets chipped on the tap washing up! Will shut up now.
The Tory Brexit rebels plotting to vote against their own constituents via
#London - From those : #UK faces #GRAVEST crisis in recent times: Foreboding prediction shows #MPs have FAILED us
What I loved most about Warnock and the Brexit rant is how long he’ll have been biting his tongue and holding that in for. He’s been dying to come out and say it and silently resents that he couldn’t. Reminded me of Colonel Jessop on the stand in A Few Good Men.
"I think no-deal would damage our economy - I've been frank about that - but I think it's survivable."
Let’s hope #Brexit is the start of the collapse of the EU
The political classes are manoeuvring to block Brexit. Voters' faith in our democracy may never recover
Respecting people's vote is not 'courting' them. Most Labour Remainers want a Labour gov and support Labour's Brexit policies agreed at conference, by members. I do too.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
That’s Brexit isn’t it?
The people voted for Brexit. May changed Brexit into something unrecognizable that the People didn't vote for.. This moron interprets this as Britain's not wanting Brexit. What a tool.
You’ve kept us buoyant and informed Ink slingers, poets, scribes. For 60 years you’ve held the line And outfaced sneers and jibes. But scribble, critic, ghost and prose! There’s always one who wrecks it! Caxton’s turning in his grave. Which hack invented ‘Brexit?’ HallMarx.
PROJECT FEAR AGAIN. What’s a no-deal Brexit, when could a deal with Brussels be agreed and what happens if a deal with the EU isn’t signed?
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
Yellow vest-wearing demonstrators hold rally in Redcar over Brexit
, have you seen this?! I mention this in support of this membership, of #Scotland in general, and in the hopes of my eventual return to Sterling where I will NOT be attacked by #swans like when I was a lad. #KiltsRUS
Kill me of laughter without laughter...
*Whispers* No Brexit is just around the corner.
It is the year 2137. Brexit has still not happened. Theresa May is still prime minister
Who knows as you've still not managed to negotiate an eu or any other deals yet
Why??????? Certainly not asked by Nick Robinson
Mayday, Mayday, faith in your type of democracy is certainly undermined. You didn't even want parliament to be able to address Brexit we have Gina Miller et Al to thank for that.
I was housed just after #brexit, bigger fact than the fact we won. If remain had won... I know many remoaning middle class luvie is upset that their ringfenced bubbles were burst... But tough shit tbfh I wouldnt of survived remain' unifed tory majority big society and UniCred.
Please try watch a movie called Brexit : An uncivil war. Very interesting to see how the leave campaign used Cambridge Analytical to seek out voters. Brexit was used as a testing ground for the US presidental election.
Our projections for the UK economic outlook in no-deal and light #Brexit scenarios
The Malaysian-owned Welsh club playing in the English Premier League are - shockingly - not as anti-the rest of the world as their manager is
Yeah yeah yeah everybody’s in a snit. Question: considering the gigantic mess Europe is in - under the EU all these years - never mind Brexit, would’ve been wiser never to have joined.
It’s a real shame that we have forgotten the true meaning of brexit, understanding economics and casual racism
The referendum will not be honoured, we all know what's going to happen after the vote, time to leave the rotten party and for Brexiteers form a new Brexit alliance party, any leave voter should never be voting CON, LAB, LIB, GREEN, SNP, PLAID - never again. A SHOWER OF FILTH.
He had 1 job as Brexit Secretary and failed.
RESIGN THE FUCKING LOT OF YOU CANT LEAD AND CANT GOVERN
It means fuck all.
People say ‘you can’t have it all’; but as a talentless, failed foreign secretary openly living with his 'trophy' mistress, who brought the whole #Brexit debacle upon the U.K. while remaining favourite to be prime minister, BoJo respectfully disagrees.
Might burn my house down and tell my family it’s better than Dunkirk
#Neil #Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect #Cardiff City position'
I had always supposed that the aim of brexit was so our parliament could "take back control". Now that prospect is terrifying brexiters.
You're mandated to shape the UK EXIT from the #EU. As opposed to manipulate democracy &amp; #Brexit so we remain. A reminder.
Remember when Britons had the right to live anywhere in the EU? Not just the country they are currently in on Brexit day? Remember when they didn't have to pay 57 euros to live in that country? Remember when millions of expats didn't face months of uncertainty?
Hi Martin. Two things: 1. Are you not aware of this: 2. And secondly, why is your profile picture of a woman?
Yes. My feeling is that of the quarter who didn’t vote but could have, a substantial number were presumably not unhappy with the EU - or they would have voted Leave. The ‘democratic’ system demonstrating its flaw. #Brexit
MP quits as government whip ahead of crunch Brexit vote
. Q: Who signs their house-sale contract *before* doing the survey? A: Infighting, incompetent 18th Century chinless Tory 10 yr olds in a prep school custard-flicking fight. #ToriesOut #TheresaMay #Brexit
Too many words in this sentence make it sound ridiculous: “#Brexit is a disaster from which we might not recover” Now that’s a proper sentence with real menace that should concentrate the mind in the next 24 hours. #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Pathetic Labour MP
And so it goes on ... take a look at our t-shirts for these frazzled #Brexit times. Sustainably produced and made from organic cotton - visit ... #BrexitVote #BrexitTheUncivilWar #theresamay #MeaningfulVote #giftideas #styleblogger #dealornodeal #curry
Except that is quite simply untrue, isn't it? You can avoid a no deal brexit by revoking article 50. Sticking by a promise which you cannot fulfill is rubbish. Did you honestly promise them this mess?
TEXT-EU writes to UK providing assurances over Ireland Brexit backstop
By insisting on a hard border in the Irish Sea and the EU are breaking the Good Friday Agreement, raising sectarian tension in Northern Ireland and putting the peace process at risk. #Brexit #BintheBackstop
I have no hope of anything when it comes to Brexit.
You think they'd allow me to just post a 60 second long fart into the camera
Sorry, Tom Watson. Whatever the merits or demerits of May’s deal, Labour has no Brexit policy and you campaign for the election of an idiotic, hard-left PM who tolerates Anti-Semitism in the party and cohorts with terrorists. You have nil credibility in my eyes.
any MP's that vote with on this deal is doing so in there own interests!. And acting against and betraying this country. We need a General Election and a labor government an end to austerity and the intentional deaths and poverty.
Listen to the people who voted you in!
Well done Gareth #Brexit
Take a peek behind the scenes .. ahead of #BrexitVote
Or you could call to revoke article 50 like a proper leader with the country’s interests at heart would . Brexit is a crime Kevellar, #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Especially won't make a difference if it all goes pear-shaped, as predicted by Brexit Bankrollers. And they shold kow.
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal - UK attorney general
Should the MPs back it for the sake of the country or the sake of Mrs. May's career who will probably do what has done, leave?! People are not going to get what they were promised, it is a bad deal and no Brexit is far better than a deal which will cost us!
The government do not have to enact the will of the people. We democratically elect MP's who mirror our conscience/will/offer scrutiny to make sure the government is not tyrannical. As far as Brexit is concerned all this classic liberalism has been tossed out with the bathwater
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved
This is not even naivety. It's simply a yearning for the fascist EU to control every aspect of life. This is a shameless attempt to con the public into literal suicide.
What if the UK people changed their mind in a meantime? I would be happy if UK stays within EU. But I do understand Theresa May's view as well. Repeated referendum could be also an option. However it might be seen anyhow by pro-brexit people. Maybe even non-democraticaly.
the absolute madwoman, IIRC most constituencies are like leave in a FPTP basis so she is making MPs risk potentially losing their jobs next GE if brexit gets canceled and they get the blame for it, it's like playing for the most fringe win condition when you are on the ropes
Depends on which one your listening to. Seems a few missed the big print in his manifesto No single market A custom union not the customs union A seat in EU without FOM for people. I'm SNP and I know since snap election brexit out was plan
What Brexit means for Prime Central London property investment - South China Morning Post
. et al: "Renegotiation of Trade Agreements and Firm Exporting Decisions: Evidence from the Impact of Brexit on UK Exporters":
Reading this is a timely reminder, of who put you in the position you're in today. Remainers did. Now just deliver, will you mate? Because - just now - we are all getting the impression you're just as useless as the other lot. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Fool we had one already and you LOST!!!
You're part of a gang that can't even organise a letter without cocking it up. A call to arms on the most important issue before the country, and your brains trust can't even use the English language properly. How on earth can anyone trust you to sort out Brexit? #punative
Ye Olde Forty Percent 'Will O' The Scottish Peoples'. Eh? What? 52% For, 48% Against? That's not enough will(iage) of the Scottish peeps. UK Democracy in Scotland? “HC SVNT DRACONES”
Brexit endgame: What you need to know
Another one bites the Dust......MP Gareth Johnson resigns as Tory Whip ahead of Brexit deal vote
Ralf Speth is a failure who cannot even admit he's failed at jaguar . He wants to try and blame brexit to avoid the reality that no one wants to buy their diesel cars. They Should have seen it coming
I WONT SHUT UP. #Brexit is a con. A lie. A fraud Brexit strips me &amp; other Brits of our rights. Brexit has already taken jobs from this country. Brexit will make our country poorer. The only beneficiaries of Brexit are the lying, cheating zealots &amp; their disaster capitalist mates
Main events for the week ahead: Brexit vote in the UK Parliament: (15-January-2019): It looks highly likely that the UK PM will lose the vote on ‘Withdrawal Agreement’ in the UK Parliament.
Axis walked all over democracy that’s pretty much what remain mos are doing in the view of those of us who believed them when up for re election they promised to deliver brexit.
She’s looking for #StokePity... #TheresaMay #Brexit
Brexit is in peril, British PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
#WemustgettheToriesoutNow! News:
Theresa May speaks in Stoke as the Tory party freefalls in Brexit meltdown ........ #Brexit #ToryMeltdown
It's called The DeepState in the USA. Subvert the entire presidential election.
Agree, forget Brexit...sort this out first
Outstanding: stirs the blood. Nelson...I see no deal... Wellington, Churchill and all those true greats we have in our illustrious past would salute you. Bercow and his powder monkey chums on the good ship Remainer need a raking broadside.
What a bummer. Brexit won’t happen til July? Pfftt
Grieve has a bit of a God complex. 'He' won't allow. Who the hell does he think he is?
Brexit CONSPIRACY: Boris Johnson warns the DEEP STATE'S great conspiracy will BACKFIRE - - LIKE &amp; RETWEET
MATTHEW HERBERT ALREADY MADE THE BREXIT ALBUM WHEN HE RECORDED HIMSELF RAISING THAT PIG, SLAUGHTERING IT, FUCKING IT AND THEN EATING IT. LIKE BREXIT IT WAS A FUCKING WASTE OF TIME. WHAT DOES HE DO ON THIS ONE ? FUCK A MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC TO DEATH WITH SOME SPACE ECHO ?
Brexit in or out ! Deal or no deal ! Andy Murray retire or not retire ! what we need is a statement from the champion of philosophy “Rab C Nesbitt” he’ll probably make more sense of it all !!
Nah. We're leaving.
who the fuck is Gareth Johnson
Brexit: EU letter not legal treaty but should be taken seriously via
Seeing Brexit Box trending I'm disappointed to discover this isn't a variation of the Bird Box challenge where you drive off a cliff blindfolded #BrexitBox #Brexit #BirdBoxChallenge
Stansted will cough up cost for its EU staff to stay in the UK post-Brexit
BORIS SEES THE WRITING ON THE WALL FOR CONSERVATIVES? Boris Johnson arrives at No10 for Theresa May Brexit drinks party
“Oh stop backing Brexit!”
Cardiff City publicly distance themselves from Neil Warnock's Brexit comments
It's starting...
The Great was due to our expanding union with our near neighbours as in Greater Britain. If brexit happens we really will be little Britain.
EU lawmakers urge Britain to call off Brexit
please take note. If the democratic result is not delivered in full you will open the doors to extremists both left &amp; right. If a deal can not be agreed then leave. Will you sacrifice the British people’s faith in our democracy?
Given that Colin is A) a pensioner, B) from Cornwall, and C) a wanker, who’s actually surprised he’s pro-Brexit? &gt;
As makes her brexit speech in Stoke ahead of the vote on her abysmal deal she threatens that there may be ‘no brexit at all’. The pound immediately rises. #RevokeArticle50 #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Make no mistake. The Brexit issue is now (&amp; always has been) principally about democracy. Which means: who takes back control - and of what? #PoliticsLive
Your deal doesn't deliver or honour the referendum result. #Brexit
Even though it’s CCFC, I imagine their players might be considered highly-skilled. That should mean little issues post-Brexit ...
Having met someone who survived Dunkirk I cannot believe someone would use it in comparison to brexit (sadly Noel passed away some 20 to 30yrs ago)
It's very sad that some politicians do not honor or accept a majority people voted brexit and slaps democracy in the face because it doesn't suit them.We had a peoples vote ,please don't treat people like there stupid .
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
What a day so far for the Tories! Disgraced former defence secretary Liam Fox showing ignorance of parliamentary sovereignty, Edward Leigh being bought off with preferment, Fester McVile being clueless about Brexit &amp; Theresa May lying about Tory opposition to the Welsh Assembly.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Maybe we should start Idiot Whisperers Anonymous (IWA) to support and counsel everyone who's still trying to reason with the brexit believers. It's fucking trying that's for sure.
Spot on. Brexit means Brexit was meaningless. Even during the referendum.
Bribed.
I guess I knew in my heart that most politicians were untrustworthy. The #Brexit debacle has absolutely proved it. The #referendum result was the majority decision, no ifs buts or maybe. Damn it, just cut the crap and stop kicking the tin around.
i don’t want brexit but if they call it off after the past two Hell Years....i will be pleased but also what a waste of time/money/resources/cortisol etc
The British people voted for Brexit because of a Russian influence campaign. Similarly, Trump won the electoral college because of Russian interference in the election. But in the U.S., the situation is different, in that a clear majority of Americans voted for Hillary Clinton.
Deluded and clueless
Brexit slip ons.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal
We've gone from promises of post Brexit nirvana to 'survivable' and 'not cataclysmic'. How is this even remotely better to our current situation? No deal brexit is fucking stupid.
PM says she does not believe UK should delay leaving EU, but does not say it never would
Brilliant assessment here about how the Tories have always been and still are focused on keeping their party together and in power rather than doing anything to unite the country. But they are still failing at uniting their own party #MeaningfulVote #Brexit #ToriesOut
I doubt it, Italy will be next.
Proof again, that TM the PM thinks she can change her mind but nobody else is allowed to. Mind blowing that she can give the speech she gave in Stoke today when she clearly doesn't believe a word of it! #torylies #brexitlies #brexitchaos #whatisshehiding
Just In: Theresa May Suffers Fresh Brexit Blow As Government Whip Quits
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson has announced his resignation from the Government saying he cannot vote for the Prime Minister's #Brexit deal and has decided to "place his loyalty to his country above his loyalty to the Government"
"It's clear it's going to be voted down, it's a bad deal" Former #Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab says it's time for a "positive, optimistic, alternative" vision for leaving the EU
A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
Money Mover's tools and features can help manage Brexit-related currency volatility this week. -
No one is supporting Theresa May‘s #Brexit deal. It damages the UK economy, makes EU citizens scapegoats in their own country and destroys any future relationship young people wish to have with Europe. The deal must be voted down and a #PeoplesVote put to the country.
This is full letter from Juncker and Tusk to May regarding "promises" on her deal...
George Will needs to go back to Latin class! "Referenda" is plural but "est” is singular - lack of agreement between subject &amp; verb. Here's hoping the teacher forces him to watch the Python Anti-Roman graffiti scene 100 times: |
Our friend and International Top Business Advisor is having a great event in #Birmingham soon - make sure to check it out today and you still have chances to get yourself a Complementary Ticket! #StartUp #BusinessAdvice #WestMidlands #BirminghamBusiness
I ask myself this regularly.
The Secret Civil Servant: The ultimate Brexit phrasebook
..reported that it was a Boeing 707 of the Iranian Air Force and that fifteen passengers were killed.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
Come on. Beep for Brexit has alliteration. These people can’t even sloganeer properly and it’s all they do.
Not unless they all quit..
Tories gave you Brexit there's a bit of uncommon sense for you. Her's another bit of uncommon sense financial services don't need any help getting crushed they do it regular. Sooner we get rid off our over reliance on the casino the better
The cliff-fall no-dealers in the Tories and DUP (and Kate Hoey) are working for the worst type of capitalists: Disaster capitalists.
Something for to ponder here...
That or a do-over of the Brexit vote.
If Putin bought Brexit If you love democracy You will fight for a final say Fight despite ideology Join us and fight for what we love Whatever you believe We need a People's Vote You can always still vote Leave
Boris Johnson admits he wishes he were PM and should have taken down Theresa May as he blasts Brexit deal
Do you remember Reggie Perrin - whenever his mother-in-law was mentioned, he visualised a hippo...why is it whenever I hear the words #TheresaMay and #Brexit I get a vision of lemmings?
..“being taken down by a competitor whose reporting, I understand, is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper, the Amazon Washington Post”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
Brexit newsflow comes thick and fast and shows no signs of abating just yet. Further soundbites from the UK Attorney General reinforcing that May's deal is the only "politically practicable" exit deal after the PM tries to hit home the consequences of the deal being rejected.
Because May is a remainer and never did have any intention of taking our country out of the EU or in FACT taking any notice of our democratic vote to leave. Corbyn is the same both have taken too much power from voters now.
It was always said that the Irish border would stop Brexit and bring down the Tory Govt. Looks like it could be the Welsh instead! #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Great piece by my colleague
READ THIS:
Are you going to stop backing Brexit or are you going to carry on destroying the Labour Party ?
"whole club"... well at least a couple of them ;-)
..also said that “things are going as well as possible under the circumstances”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
#mondaymotivation work in progress Theresa May #brexit #deal or no deal with tusk and juncker Tim's take #Westminster #deadringers
Two main parties standing on a to-hell-with-everyone-we'll-Brexit-anyway manifesto - that'll really help to bring the country together.
It wasn’t good enough and it won’t happen again’: PM insists lessons have been learnt after a female Lib Dem MP said a Tory broke his pledge not to take part in crunch Brexit vote so she could stay home with her newborn baby”. So yeah, rightly not accepting the word of the PM!!!
Raab sets out leadership credentials in speech calling for asbos for anti-competitive businesses, reports -
At 2 with Annie - More Brexit setbacks, and a Polish mayor who was stabbed yesterday has died
This BREXIT stalemate in the House of Commons seems headed for an economic "crash" for Theresa May. #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal
Must admit, had to Google -
Join them, they MUST be heard
They gave us the referendum in the first place. They won't get that through parliament that it's not in the national interest. It won't be in the national interest if they just unilaterally cancel Brexit.
..her last battle is proving to be the toughest: the one against a Presidency of Donald Trump and frail health.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
Just in case bloody #Brexit is doing your head in, or if you are feeling anxious or worried or scared by our utterly useless political leadership, have a baby sloth. It probably won’t help but it is very cute.
Oh, there you go: #Brexit on WTO rules will ruin classic British Christmas. Assuming Terry's Chocolate Orange (a product made in Poland) is tariff code 1905311100 they will end up about 33% more expensive due to the WTO tariff the EU / UK have on this product.
The whole #Brexit brouhaha, explained in words hopefully everyone can understand:
This is why the #Brexit meaningful vote doesn't matter at all.
Written under duress with a gun to his head? The statement regarding this withdrawal agreement being the only option is clearly a political and not a legal opinion, for the simple reason that the law as it stands is Brexit on 29 March.
No Brexit, 2 wasted years of fudging about instead of leading the negotiations.
#theresamay is contradictory in her speeches. She will implement #brexit and she says we will stay in EU. Flip flop flim flam waffle. I’m tired of her and I vote . She needs to step down.
Important speech from . Delighted that Dom will be writing for our forthcoming #2020Tories Book on “A Vision for Britain Beyond Brexit”.... watch this space
Really hope that we get the best ending to this choose your own adventure in which there's no Brexit and also the Conservative Party gets utterly destroyed.
Why is this claptrap being promoted on twitter? #brexit #march29 #weareleaving
..claims that he was wrongfully imprisoned and tortured when Adamowicz's former party was part of the Polish government.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can’t support May’s deal – Politics live
What happened in London on #Brexit Betrayal March? Go on, tell everyone of the arrests. Now there was none on the Brexit side, so who were the six arrested for attacking police????
Maybe we could decide this with a leave vs remain football match? It’s got to be more bearable than another referendum! #brexit
Land in Anglesey could be turned into a parking site for lorries in the event of a no-deal #Brexit
Maybe we could decide this with a leave vs remain football match? It’s got to be more bearable than another referendum! #brexit
This made me feel a bit queasy tbh.
SHE IS AN UTTER FUCKWIT Boris Johnson admits he wishes he were PM and should have taken down Theresa May as he blasts Brexit deal
"The 36-year-old added: “If my son enters the world even one day later than the doctors advised, but it’s a world with a better chance of a strong relationship between Britain and Europe, then that’s worth fighting for.”"
There's nothing to fear about a no deal Brexit, as top trade officials have told me
Fund management group Hermes has set up an Irish-domiciled operation in anticipation of Brexit. The firm said it had been running a "Brexit mitigation project" and the new management company was part of that, as well as part of its expansion plans in Europe.
Yup, the best way forward for Tories would be to call for a GE, deselect Remain MPs in Leave areas, THEN change leader, then hold the GE. They might then stand a chance of winning enough seats carry out Brexit as voted for.
..family paid close to a million dollars in Bitcoin after his kidnappers threatened to kill him otherwise.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
TREASON MAYS SPEACH THIS MORNING THE STUPID COWS DEAL OR NO BREXIT. THAT IS BLACKMAIL OF THE PEOPLE THAT IS TREASON
WELP - creative industries #cancelled
The conduct of all our politicians from all the parties in relation to #Brexit make me embarrassed to be British. Friends from overseas just do not understand how things have got to this state and why leader from any party is emerging with a solution to it.
#Camerontrap Tories have only themselves to blame for letting D Cameron lead them into false sense of security re leaving EU. No plans for Brexit even considered! TM the PM falls into same abyss and now desperate to find a way out. No10 vacancy to be advertised Anyone can apply
Brexit: The Uncivil War
WE BRITISH,WHILE DEFENDING BREXIT,MUST BBE AWEAR' OF THE VARIOUS,ATEMPS TO TAKE IT DOWNP
To be fair the “wisdom of the crowd” got us into this mess in the first place
Have the Democrats noticed The World wants Borders! It’s not Trump! If MSM would give Brexit &amp; Europe coverage on immigration the Democrats would lose this shutdown! It's Worldwide not Trump
Was always my biggest fear to be fair
"You know that global dominance thing that our dead ancestors achieved through the use of overwhelming military force and the systematic subjugation of foreigners? Yeah, no reason whatsoever why we can't do that again." #Brexit won't #MBGA
- Business News Beyond BBG - * FT: EU letter seeks to reassure UK on Irish border backstop * Nikkei: China has economic aims as it quietly builds bonds with Afghanistan * WSJ: Vote on Brexit Deal Is Set to Leave U.K. No Clearer on Route Out of EU
..was shell-shocked when she discovered the latest Kinder-surprise toy in the chocolate egg of her 15-month-old son.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
Let's face it though, we all knew Warnock voted brexit before his rant after the game
PM: VOTE FOR ME OR WE GET NO BREXIT! Remainers: We didn't want Brexit in the first place PM: ... I didn't think this through
I disagree with his stance on Brexit and he's won't favour an independent Wales. On many other things, I agree.
NEWS: Theresa May's suffered another setback as she tries to persuade MPs to back her Brexit deal - this #Kent MP has quit as a Government whip #kmfmnews
What’s this vote your on about? If it’s about brexit then we had that in 2016
No point in a GE as Corbyn wants Brexit anyway! Roll on a people’s vote to get us out of this mess!
The PM's Official Spokesperson arrives outside Brexit Central for a statement.
Today could signal the end for Mrs MAY. SHe is drowing in a sea of failure. U Turns and Shambolic government, The country has other things to be getting on with not BREXIT
Not very with it on the hashtags; Can anyone explain what FBPE means. Is it For Brexit Post Europe? #FBPE
..“Let’s set a world record together and get the most liked post on Instagram. Beating the current world record held by Kylie Jenner”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
There's nothing to fear about a no deal Brexit, as top trade officials have told me
PM’s Brexit speech modified after Welsh devolution declare disproved | Politics
He might well have but that don’t mean he is not an absolute idiot... everything he does is for his own agenda... he lied to the British Public about Brexit... the whole campaign was built on lies and he was one of the figureheads!
Guess what I’m going to do in my speech today in the Lords debate on the Brexit deal? Clue. Words ‘people’ and ‘vote’ may appear
Our PM appeals for backing and her whip resigns. Leader of the opposition vaguely reckons he could do a better job with no time to play with. A summary of the state of #Brexit if there ever was one. This process needs the scrutiny of the public through a #PeoplesVote.
You want a no deal Brexit you don't deserve to talk about Gary
I hope against Mrs mayhem
Remainers realised very early on that as the fault lines in Brexit widened, the only route to their goal would be a 2nd vote because Leave was way too vague about its plans (turned out they didn't have one) There are nowhere near 17.4 million No Dealers and a vote is only way.
says in HER JUDGEMENT we likely heading for #NoBrexit if MP’s don’t back her. Over 2 years we have seen she has nothing but flawed judgement. Let’s hope her judgement comes good this time ! #Brexit
..Ms Seltzer would have called the nanny no fewer than 45 times and sent 26 messages demanding she return her the memory card.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
numbers will double up after Brexit
More corrupt than any government we've ever known, they said Brexit was about the Will of the People, it's not, it's about avoiding paying taxes, pure and simple! The May's don't want to pay their taxes.
Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit &gt;&gt;
Brexit changes everything. No more dictatorship. We need PR and more autonomy for our devolved nations. I’m absolutely determined to see Brexit deliver something positive to ensure a power grab never happens again.
What a surprise: Total Government #Betrayal And our governments wonder why all of Europe, including Britain, is descending into civil war. MSM aren't showing it, but Yellow Jackets &amp; other Mass Protests &amp; Gov't's Brutal reaction is happening all over, not just in France!
Freeman is a spin doctor ... follow him for any length of time and you won't know which way he's going...
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension via
Compare and Contrast
Theresa May's Tory Brexit Withdrawal Agreement omits key safeguards to workers rights, environment and equality - is fooling no one #LiamFox #BrexitDeal #BBCNews #Skynews
Ah, okay. That answers the question from my previous Tweet. Plus, the DUP are, unsurprisingly, not happy with the backstop outcome, which was May's excuse for delaying the vote last month. It's more of a shambles every day. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote
EU has been fair all the way. UK voted for Brexit; not the EU. As a British citizen you don't get to decide between the negotiated deal or no deal. It's entirely for the MPs to decide on your behalf.
The latest The Heritage Daily! Thanks to #brexit #ausopen
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy
desperately wants to be the next . Oh, so desperately. He is eminently qualified to be the next Trump. That should be sufficient disqualification for him to ever achieve his ambition. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Is this not exactly the sort of thing pairing should be used for?
Sorry as a remainer he can do and say anything and get away with it now in our EU controlled Britain.
'Dear Jeremy Corbyn, the public has run out of patience – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock'
An Q&amp;A session will be held at Edinburgh International Conference Centre on 31 January concerning the implications for the status and rights of Nordic citizens in...
Should the MPs back it for the sake of the country or the sake of Mrs. May's career who will probably do what has done, leave?! People are not going to get what they were promised, it is a bad deal and no Brexit is far better than a deal which will cost us!
#TheOnlyWayForward is to politely, but assertively inform the #peoplesvote 'NO' until they get used to it... It is as important as brexit itself that those who seek to appoint themselves a a gentry with a veto are repeatedly told that they are merely equal now. #LeaveMeansLeave
You buying? If so give money to hungry person instead.
At the moment in this Sky News poll, there's a 50/50 split between Remain and the two forms of Leave.
Looks like Labour MP John Mann will be backing May's Brexit deal. This scumbag is the same guy who stirred up the antisemitism row out of thin air by shouting at Ken Livingstone while beckoning the cameras on as...
No the message was we will have £350 a week for the NHS lie JLR have also said slow down in China and uncertainty about brexit same as honda has said and Toyota more lies from a leaver don't known when to stop noticed you never mentioned the law
Not true it may even be working. How undemocratic to ask people again now the facts are clearer? The previous ref was flawed by dubious illegalities. If voters want the same outcome then no one can stop them. Refs are not ideal and after a second we must stop them.
Brexit means Brexit: Win the National Crime Agency estimates that in a truly global response and reduce demand for digital financial services in areas like crime rates, quality of care. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit #TheresaMay #Conservatives
New post: 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
I voted for our parliament in Edinburgh Whatever happens with Brexit, we have no influence over since WM is a dictatorship Nothing else to explain since votes are confidential and a private matter I take it that you naturally didn't take the time to vote?
pivots to #remain, wins a VoC and calls a #Brexit GE, forms a Progressive Alliance including then things could get v interesting
Why will we have zero say in the matter? Things dont just stop if Brexit in whatever form comes to pass. We have an equal say in shaping Britains future. We all have to get out of the remain trenches and engage.
Looks like Labour MP John Mann will be backing May's Brexit deal. This scumbag is the same guy who stirred up the antisemitism row out of thin air by shouting at Ken Livingstone while beckoning the cameras on as he was doing it. Media whore. He'll do anything to get rid of …
BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK
Your about as good at politics as you are managing a football club
A Tory Brexit for Wales becomes clearer by the day. All major infrastructure projects that commit Treasury funds in the future to Wales will be cut. I don't expect the same decision will be made for HS2 - I wonder why?
And his political project is......
The hypocrisy and she knows it, so she left it out.
Your racist BREXIT game is over Pack your bags Get out of EU You don't fee serve our multi cultural tolerant societies in 27 states of #EU 23 years.Belgian ex pat in UK. Bein starved for being a disabled charity worker Never mind ..carry on.cuppa...
Trendy app icon design at $5
How many Leave supporters have a science/maths background? Their cavalier attitude to all the dire economic Brexit models suggests little or none.
no, no difference brexit is sinking.
As I've mentioned, he's stuck between a rock and a hard place. Did Labour promise everyone a referendum in order to win UKIP support? no! Are Labour in charge of the Brexit process? no! Think about this pragmatically... the best way forward. A vote for Lib Dem will do shit all.
Silly to blame Grenfell on the government. By far, Brexit is the disaster that will go down in history
Such sad news, Gaëlle. I’m so sorry. It was a wonderful business, but sadly a sign of the times. You need to act quickly to stop this decline. Every business that closes is a business less paying rates, paying for BID and attracting footfall to our town.
No way to treat the people who righteously won the Brexit referendum. Winning a referendum is now shamed by the people who are supposedly supposed to uphold it by law.
Any of those, with the exception of a no-deal brexit, would be better than the WA+blindBrexit. #NoBrexit is better than a #BadBrexit
Lib Dems vs Brexit: Chris Fox The vulnerable and less well off are most at risk from Brexit
"Just fluff?" considering that's all you have churned out your office in the last year when we asked you about Brexit, don't you find that a little hypocritical?
joke: Labour chose the wrong Miliband brother woke: Labour chose the wrong Corbyn brother
Exactly ??? Where did no Brexit come from
And when Theresa May called the general election to strengthen her hand to deliver a Hard Brexit 60% country rejected her plea...
porkies? Not at all. I live in Swed3n and I've met many Brits here and back home that have changed thier mind and want to remain. Usual reason I they didn't think Brexit was going to be as damaging as the 2 current options
Was vote on brexit tied to an approval by parliament ?
Wasn't it the job of people in the media to point that out at the time Mr Fraser?
It’s gonna happen tho, Init. If there’s no Brexit, I can’t see how Tory can stay in power?
Why not try a Brexit Box?
Former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab following his to the Centre for Policy Studies
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake': The PM… TheBikiniCalendar
No-deal #Brexit v No-Brexit. Implications for UK Gambling..: I’ve just read an e-mail from…
"The possibility of a 2º referendum, the true r., is opening up, since this referendum would be carried out with the guarantee of a real knowledge of the British citizens of the meaning and scope of what they are voting for". My article: #Brexit
No trust in Democracy. It could mean civil war.
Let's hope for no deal then so that we get no brexit??
The will of the British people is about to be stomped on utterly. Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit‘ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal‘ via
Bastards!
Dont blame her - for critical votes the pairing system cannot be trusted
Stoke Newington's Pizzeria Apollo offers 25% off to anyone who backs second Brexit vote | Hackney, Stoke…
No, it can't. The Brexit mess is entirely based on the power struggle within the Conservative party, that Cameron believed he could solve by winning a Referendum. He misjudged it.
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
. DominicRaab "We want to give a Brexit which is faithful to the referendum, that takes back control over our laws - this deal doesn't do that."
NO brexit or a no deal but no more being controlled by a German or Frenchman its not because I am racist I am very unracist I just want closure support Mrs May she needs all the support she can get it doesn’t matter if it’s a no deal
We voted to leave no deal just OUT
The natural party of government? I don't think so. Stop this Brexit farce now and put this woman out of her misery.
Grieve is a lawyers’ lawyer exposed to the rough winds of people’s politics. He can’t understand it or begin to tolerate it. Democracy is as alien to Grieve as is democracy to his beloved EU. Deselect him
Tory whip quits day before crucial Brexit vote Sent via
Brexit: sorry to state the blatantly obvious, but in all this talk of ‘the deal’ (WA) is anyone else shrieking inside along lines of ‘the deal we have already is the best deal’ (ie full membership of the EU, the largest trading block in the world, allowing us freedom of movement)
Rats deserting Tory #Brexit Titanic before it hits the iceberg!
"Brexit: The Uncivil War" Were UK Electorate lied to, duped and manipulated by bored millionaire and billionaire backers? Not one iota of concern for impact of BREXIT on everyday lives of UK &amp; EU citizens! Just a Game - who's playing at Politics now?
Can Parliament force PM May to delay or revoke #Brexit? It's a parliamentary question. #kbrs
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
UK manufacturers can afford to wait on an EU deal, but not to crash out #trademarketing #Brexit by
This is like if the whole country started living in student houses
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
When there are shifts in economic and social policy, women are often the hardest hit. We spoke to about how #Brexit will affect #women
BBC still run it in order to deliberately lie to the public.
Brexit by default and with no regard for Labour membership or of the people.
To be fair, i can't get my three year old to remain in bed in the morning #Brexit
Is it my lucky day?? Tory whip quits day before crucial Brexit vote Sent via
Gareth Johnson, who resigned his position in the Whips’ Office a short while ago, said the decision was hardest he had “ever made”. Read more here
[ New video by Styxhexenhammer666: May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People
Has he been snorting again? #DominicRaab #Brexit
100 Euro-parliamentarians urge UK to reconsider Brexit -
Brexit is bad in any of the above forms.
Comes as no surprise. He did it to me when I called him out on faking protest numbers.
Her deal it's a bad deal, worst than NoDeal and NoBrexit. But she's right: there's much more at stake than EU membership or the economy. Trump, LePen, Salvini, etc are what you get when people is looked down to and ignored. People should be careful what they wish for. #Brexit
Do the right thing, call off Brexit. Admit the leave campaign was based on lies &amp; half truths. You keep saying it will be a betrayal of the voters. It will be a betrayal of this country if we crash out with no deal and lose jobs &amp; investment.
Sterling falls as investors prepare for Brexit vote
How many of these MPs voted to give us a referendum?
Good of you to send them a sheet of bog-roll. Looks like they'll need it under your suggested terms:
May tries to pull lawmakers behind Brexit deal with warning, EU letter
May tries to pull lawmakers behind Brexit deal with warning, EU letter
Conservative whip Gareth Johnson has announced his resignation from the Government saying he cannot vote for Theresa May's Brexit deal. Not a good sign when those who are tasked with getting other MPs to vote for your deal, resign because they want to vote against it....
Was Corbyn helped to become Labour leader by Cambridge Analytica for his Euroscepticism as part of a plot to prevent #UKtaxhaven involvement in EU #AntiTaxAvoidance cleanup?
Can one of you please give a genuine reason for Brexit that cannot be carried out from within the EU and which justifies the hassle for me, personally?
100 MEPs are desperate to keep their generous pay and expenses.
FK IT, THE LABOUR PARTY CAN HAVE HER GONE BEFORE THAT. Brexiteers 'could get behind May's deal with EU if she quits in March'
I'm sure I'll be seeing this on tonight's to balance their endless anti Brit anti Britain anti #Brexit propaganda. Won't I?
We are about to witness the biggest betrayal I. History!!!brexit betrayal right in front of are very eyes my god I never thought I’d see the day!! EU puppets running Parliament it’s a disgrace time to dissolve Parliament NOW
I want people in Peterborough who deplore betrayal of Brexit by the establishment parties to have a strong pro-Brexit candidate to vote for.
There is an alternative - #Labour's custom union option. Back that rather..(No-confidence vote looms over May’s cabinet as PM makes last-ditch Brexit appeal).. #CapeTown #SouthAfrica
Thanks for this...I sometimes wonder how our senior policiticians became so post truth as they are today. I hope this brexit disaster will change minds and attitudes or is there a sufficient number of people around who blindly accept these lies and deceit.
New video by Styxhexenhammer666: May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People
Health Secretary Matt Hancock is an employee of a think-tank (Institute of Economic Affairs) that is directed by extremist disaster capitalists who see Brexit as an opportunity to shoot the NHS and kill it.
Be sick if the government could just announce that brexit ent happening instead of flapping about deals and shit
Whilst I understand everyone has a right to change their minds even MP’s , I do not agree with MP’s as a collective changing the democratic vote or blatantly choosing to ignore the constituents of which they represent. #Shameful
In #Brexit-inspired move, moves EU HQ to the Netherlands. Anatomy of a #trump news story. More media predictions for '19. use as bad as any other addiction. When Megyn Kelly was the news. and tools for #local news.
There is no democracy here. I don’t recall the brexit vote being an advisory vote at all. Besides the mps including the prime minister didn’t want to leave but she has gone on the vote of the British people who majority voted to leave.
Isn't that the no deal #Brexit plan for the entire population?
There will be far reaching civil unrest if we don’t leave the EU on the 29th March, politicians need to think long and hard
After his shit job as Brexit secretary you'll forgive us for ignoring Raab.
Nobodies that petty Stuart, I've seen the stuff you've eaten xD although that 100 year old chocolate looked slightly preferable to brexit
Perhaps this is why they've all gone quiet?
And not one of them has any official authority to be in talks with anyone from the European Commission regarding Brexit. They're just the same bunch of shyster remoaners they've always been.
#TheresaMay claims “both sides” accepted the 1997 Welsh Assembly resolution — then has to amend speech when it was pointed out the #Tories opposed it and *she herself* voted against legislation implementing it. Her, her party, and #Brexit in a nutshell.
The PM has filed for #divorce from the #EU without first trying counselling. That’s why it’s so messy &amp; in my view needless The best deal is one negotiated amongst fellow members, looking forward
The last word.
People clearly didn't learn their lesson after the millennium bug panic. If you are forking out £300 for this, you are an idiot with more money than common sense.
Hubble bubble Disloyal trouble May’s had her day Gove has a double Astrologer Royal Chinese moon Brexit despair EU doubloons But as we greet Biggest national defeat We need people Out on our streets Shouting loud a throat Please give us all #PeoplesVote #micropoetry #BrexitVote
Says the guy very much in the passenger seat, hauling on the wheel to try and steer that same car over a much bigger cliff.
Perhaps switch to Brexit Broadcasting Company Chris as their interviewers talk your language!
I can't believe she can stand there and claim that No Brexit is a greater 'risk' to this country than No Deal. She is beyond shameless.
Meanwhile in Britain where BREXIT doesn't mean leave...
Two birds with one stone, that's pure efficiency!
Always with the scenarios....
A speech where fails, again, to explain how BREXIT will benefit us in anyway at all. More hand waving nonsense that would embarrass a six former. time for Raab to grow up and leave fantasy behind
This week will vote on the #withdrawlagreement. We in Europe expect them to make the right decision and vote in favour. Especially as we promise not to invoke the backstop. #pinkypromise #crossourheartandhopetodie #EURef #Brexit
#Brexit #Lexit - The media-suppressed shocking story of how the EU/USE supranational state was founded via
so if we are forced back to UK we might not have any rights to pensions or benefits? #reciprocalmyarse
The Fluffster now wants to CRACK the UK into GB &amp; NI, and #dissolveTheUnion That’s a turn up for the books
I think Norman's confused Brexit negotiations for deal or no deal. Norman takes the mystery box every time
Seriously? Don’t you people at the Telegraph have ANY understanding of how this all works? Incredible.
(Daily Herald) The #Latest: May says #Brexit won't see workers' rights cut : British Prime Minister Theresa May is trying to win support for her European Union divorce deal by promising that her government won't try to water down environmental ..
2015 Brexit: We will be better off alone. We can get any deal we want. The EU will be begging us to give them a good deal. 2019 Brexit: We think *most" people will survive Brexit. #Brexit
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Brexit
(The Roanoke Times) The #Latest: May says #Brexit won't see workers' rights cut : LONDON (AP) — The Latest on Brexit (all times local): ..
Disgraceful. They really don’t give a shit.
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
Nice job and team!
Esther McVey said that there's a 'compassionate Conservative government' and everyone made the same point
Any whiff of poison in the air and they're dropping like flies. Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
yes, it sounds as though she wants the stops to be pulled out and for MPs to support her no-deal #Brexit - but MPs must do what's right, not what's expected. Those that don't must grapple with their consciences.
Hmm... Discovery Inc. is applying for broadcast licenses in the Netherlands to keep its pay-TV channels such as Animal Planet from going dark in the European Union in the event of a no-deal Brexit.
How are you going to persuade Tory MPs to agree to that? If they're going to rebel, it'll be to #StopBrexit, not to get a Labour government in. Some may consider a Labour government a price worth paying to stop Brexit. None of them will rebel just to enable a Labour Brexit.
I’m going to stop Brexit I promise
Tory tasked with getting other MPs to vote for May’s deal quits – to vote against it himself...
What utter twisting of the truth. Everyone with any intelligence knows any form of Brexit will be a disaster. If it happens there will be a very long list of people in the frame for enabling it. The Guardian included.
Evil woman #ToryBritain
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Gareth Johnson, who resigned his position in the Whips’ Office a short while ago, said the decision was hardest he had “ever made”. Read more
What Laura didn’t say. 13 Tories have quit govt over THERESA MAYs handling of Brexit.....but I’d don’t want to make a big deal over it.
If they are allowed to change their minds over the issue of parliamentary sovereignty, why can't us mere plebs be allowed to change our minds over Brexit?
This is going well for May.. Glad she can count on Labour MPs to prop her up.. (Yes, this is sarcasm)
Delingpole: The EU Has Turned Britain's MPs into Zombies. IF DEMOCRACY DOESNT WORK THEN WHAT CHOICE DO THE PEOPLE HAVE TO MANAGE THE POLITICAL CLASSES? #YellowVestsUK
Bitesize Brexit: A three part legal analysis of the options #quegal
. Indeed...
I think we can all agree the Best for Britain press release on the ‘loo roll shortage in no-deal Brexit’ story….. “PM skidding towards defeat” ….is a new low in the debate
The latest The brainguff Daily! Thanks to #ausopen #brexit
I thought it was no deal no brexit now?
This is monstrous...Italy would do well to row back on the guarantee that Brits can stay on here after Brexshit. On what basis does the UK continue to think it is so bloody superior?
#Brexit Vote Latest: Labour to table no confidence vote in government. It's a case of damage limitations for Theresa May, according to ...
So Tories will vote down Mays Brexit plan but have confidence in her? How does that work?
Any MP who says they are opposed to 'No Deal' and yet will be voting against May's proposal tomorrow needs to explain what their viable option is. Because other than leaving on WTO rules, everything else is just unicorns and magic dust. #Brexit
We had a vote and the government has spent two years doing nothing but delivering the outcome of that vote. If some people look at that Brexit and say “but that’s not Brexit!” it’s not HMG’s fault. Remainers, meanwhile, can be forgiven for thinking “what a waste of time.”
Why should I explain Explain me why you are so curious and why you didn't vote naturally?
No Remain MPs have NOT been telling voters they got it wrong. Many support a #PeoplesVote because opaque 'think tanks' like the TPA are trying to subvert our democracy. #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit
Currencies: British pound in focus ahead of Tuesday’s Brexit vote
Why can't they just leave the EU? They voted to leave and May is doing anything to put a deal on the table! $FXB $EWU $GBB - May makes final plea ahead of Brexit deal vote
Any that could stop the madness that is Brexit
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
Freeman is a spin doctor ... follow him for any length of time and you won't know which way he's going...
Well the most marginal seats in the next g.e are leave seats. He is walking a tight rope. I do wonder though why he get's more critisism for brexit than May? These are unprecidented times, i have hopes and thoughts and ideas but who knows what will happen
#CardiffCity say comments made by manager Neil Warnock about Brexit "do not reflect the political position of the club"…
Enforcer in May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal - Reuters
look at Letwin's face. the archetypal little Tory shit. these people are aiming to outright kill Brexit. arrogant EU Nationalist scumbags
Enforcer in May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal - Reuters
Dont/did you not live in London? You are one of the immigrants that brexit is looking to stop entering the UK or is it because you have a few bucks you think your above other immigrants?
So if Theresa May is only narrowly defeated, she may yet go for a second vote - and the EU would possible give her the time to do it.
Reports has been tormenting with round the clock calls and letters daily. See his reply below: #Brexit #BrexitVote #Juncker #JunckersSignature
Hello Everyone, I am providing the services of #Autocad2d #Floor_Plan #PDF_to_CAD and many more design in Autocad. You can also Hire me at fiver Thanks
Her deal is a bad deal, worst than NoDeal and NoBrexit. But she's right: there's much more at stake than EU membership or the economy. Trump, LePen, Salvini, etc are what you get when people is looked down to and ignored. People should be careful what they wish for. #Brexit
This is the man who was partly responsible for negotiating the deal saying it’s rubbish.
Silly wee Liam.
Reason if A GE was held tomorrow one seat would remain intact for #ScottishLabour behind tories who brexit out and unionist knuckle draggers Labour brexiteers tory brexiteers will stand behind #BranchOfficer any remainers in the knowledge that eng going will
Glad to see finally covering the extent of social media spending to promote Brexit. Better late than never!
Did you thank them for arresting remainiac lunatics in London on day of #Brexit Betrayal March? I'll check through your TL to see if you did.
TM’s threats of NO #Brexit are pathetic Marcus! Is she that unhinged...?
It's very fashionable to be a reMOANer and to hate brexit... Celebrities and the elite are bullying us into wanting to remain for their own needs and selfish reasons... The everyday public want to make their own laws! Have more confidence in us as a nation!!!!!
Brave Career Move c/w with honest words about 's farcical"NO Brexit-Remain Deal" Hope she copies Cameron + RESIGNS if this deal plus the empty words she endlessly repeats is all there is after a DECISIVE Brexit Result in the UKs 2nd EU Ref in 2016
Brexit Knocks the Wind Out of the U.K. Economy
Creeping on your second referendum like... #Brexit #YesItsReallyMe
Get the latest news from the best in business: The Efficient Frontier ( #brexit #economy
You know what this chap’s other job is apart from being an MP? He is (or was) the Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. Double ouch.
Anyone who believes that Margaret Thatcher was brought down because of "Europe" needs to read the extremely bitter chapter on the Poll Tax in her autobiography. #TheresaMay #Brexit #UniversalCredit
Brexit can still be blocked, PM May warns rebels as key vote looms
Why do they even bother? Its going to fail; also EU was clear there is no other deal to be had so unless we do an off the shelf one (Norway, Canada, Swiss) forget it; it's Remain
What private and commercial drivers from the UK may need to do to drive abroad when the UK leaves the EU on 29 March 2019. 1:08pm, 14 January 2019: Updates on driving licence exchange and Driver CPC for UK nationals living or driving for work in the EU.
A No-Deal Brexit -The Most Expensive Hoax In History- time to revoke withdrawal &amp; stay in the EU
Government sets out detail of #postBrexit #chemicals regulation plan #Brexit
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit | News
I think they have done that in spades over the last two and a half years. They voted for article 50 and then the Gov. negotiated a deal. Now we are debating what Brexit actually looks like, and means. It's not pretty.
Hope sees this
We had that say 2 years ago,now we are waiting for the completion...
"Brexit: The Uncivil War" Were UK Electorate lied to, duped and manipulated by bored millionaire and billionaire backers? Not one iota of concern for impact of BREXIT on everyday lives of UK &amp; EU citizens! Just a Game - who's playing at Politics now?
Good luck!
and have both said they are eager to enter trade talks with the UK after Brexit as have many commonwealth countries. The EU while making European trading easier has had a negative effect on UK global trading due to EU tariffs.
Wow he’s my MP and I thought when he became a whip he would go back on his Brexit stance. Very proud of him and he has a very bright future, whatever happens. Well done Gareth!
WE DONT TRUST YOU AND WE DONT TRUST THE EU EVEN MORE SO. NO DEAL BREXIT Theresa May reveals last-ditch EU vow to never use Brexit backstop – but it’s not legally binding
Apart from it’s not, we live in representative democracy where we elect leaders to make decisions. Brexit happening is a different type of democracy which is called direct democracy which is far more dangerous.
Norway option to resolve looming Brexit dilemma? Mandelson not the only one to say No, he he says it better
Death throes of the EU is more likely.
Brexit impact hits UK business by 16 per cent, study finds Findings show firms with a UK focus most affected
I have no idea what Corbyn wants. He has been saying again this week that Brexit needs to include a Customs Union, but what he says, does and thinks seem inconsistent in itself, and he's often out of sync with his party members on this issue. He's the wildcard of Brexit!
#Belfast - From those : Party for the Old Testament (#DUP) rejects 'meaningless assurances' from #EU on #Brexit backstop - Dodds calls for 'real changes' to withdrawal agreement
A Q&amp;A session will be held in Edinburgh on 31 Jan on the status and rights of Nordic citizens in the event of the UK leaving the EU. The Q&amp;A is organised by the Nordic embassies in the UK. Free registration via this link:
98% of the world's trade happens on WTO terms! Any chance of a fact check and correction, ?
If nothing else, the Brexit debate bring out some very interesting (political science) questions and examples that otherwise would be forgotten by most (or even remain unknown, which is the case for me re. this example).
Our lives once again hang in the votes by MPs #Brexit
I don't love EU (as it phrased here). I am a critical supporter. We are better in than out, and will be significant actors in efforts to make it better.
Underlying reasons for Trump, Brexit, Brazil etc etc are very similar and only way they can be solved is by everyone everywhere standing up
What were people reading last week? Here are the top three items.... from
The one sure thing with Brexit is the rich will be getting richer and everyone else poorer. Greed is at the root of all this.
Corrigendum: it is clearly not 'my' decisions but 'Brexit' decisions!
you would have expected to have done her homework!!
Lol whoops GARETH'S COUNTRY over GARETH'S CAREER or something.
They’ll exploit every crack of weakness that lot….
Total rubbish. If we know anything, it’s that Tories stick together. FPTP wouldn’t allow for anything else anyway. Labour, too, won’t split whatever happens. What Leigh means is they might get a kicking in the polls – but even that is far from certain, given Corbyn.
Imagine Brexit got cancelled and Donald got indicted on the same day!
Interesting that the Brexit neo-colonial project is being thwarted by Britain's ex-colonial relationship with Ireland.
The latest The news-en Daily! Thanks to #usrc #brexit
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
Not worried about a General Election atm, we're in enough chaos. Get this Brexit mess sorted, get settled back in the EU where we belong, THEN think about a new Government. Maybe voting using Proportional Rep?
May: Back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Serious question Andrea. By threatening brexit may not happen if her deal is trashed is the PM admitting she's trying to scare the majority of voter's or otherwise wouldn't the threat be to leave without a deal?
No #brexit would be worse for Democracy’s credibility.
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit‘ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal‘ via
Well said. Democracy is over if Parliament goes against Brexit.
Q:Can anybody tell us what a Corbyn government would do about Brexit? A: No.
“risk no brexit at all” i dont know about u but im perfectly happy taking that risk
Brexit is NOT the problem. The Tories are the problem. In or out of Europe, with the Conservative Party at the helm, death, debt and misery will trail behind.
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" | Zero Hedge
So, tired of all this #Brexit nonsense I’m delving into a book about Britain in a better and more united period of its history with #uhtred #wyrdbiðfularæd
Yes i phrased it wrong i meant No Brexit. Tweeted it out later just noticed had to go out.
Looking at some of the posts, Brexit has really brought some of the knuckle draggers out of their caves. Everything our grandparents were prepared to die for is becoming a waste. The fascists are on the rise.
whatever happened to the red white and blue Brexit we were promised
Hang the bitch
Can’t even see May going for this after her #brexit deal goes down in flames
Oh but Dominic Grieve insists he’s not out to destroy Brexit. The Westminster Swamp don't care about what you voted for!
More than 100 European parliamentarians called on the United Kingdom to call off #Brexit, saying such a decision would be welcome in the EU. vía
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live. These MP’s need to get with the programme and do what the country voted for NOT for their egos and own beliefs. They are there to SERVE us- the people.
Yep. There’s so much wrong with Brexit, it’s complete and utter madness. (From a Brit)
A Conservative MP tasked with persuading other Tory MPs to vote for Theresa May’s Brexit deal has resigned his position as a government whip – so he...
Positive, forward-looking , clear, certain #CleanBrexit
Wow he’s my MP and I thought when he became a whip he would go back on his Brexit stance. Very proud of him and he has a very bright future, whatever happens. Well done Gareth!
Ludicrous Project Fear warning over lack of loo paper No doubt some #FBPE wag will say Brexit will land us in the s**t #Lexit
They will do anything to keep us in if we don't take this golden opportunity to escape the EU and retain sovereignty of UK we are doomed They are panicking now just as MAY is hanging on by her fingertips UTTER SELLOUT
Watch Mogg cry if Brexit is delayed till June... My offshore accounts are ruined!
#Brexit pressure mounts on Corbyn as ANOTHER Labour MP vows to defy him and back May's deal
There's nothing to fear about a no deal Brexit, as top trade officials have told me via
This is coupled with the resignation of Gareth Johnson - a Tory whip and link between Brexit Secretary and MP's. Johnson's resignation is in opposition to May's deal and marks the first high profile resignation of the week (it is only Monday afternoon).
Brexit is a huge mistake
Thanks
Confirms we need to refresh parliament and that most MP's today aren't fit for purpose post #Brexit
Dear England you can have your Brexit and our support if we get our independance if not we recall our MPS go independent stay in EU and shaft you for years with our oil tariffs not forgetting our electricity and water and take all our diamonds out of the crown jewels
GBP/USD waits for Brexit vote #fx #forex #finance
Actually one of the very very few positive things that has come out of Brexit has been seeing some of those excellent MPs coming out of the woodwork and standing up for what they think is right, rather than toeing the party line. Potentially some future leaders there
: "we've never had a referendum that we've not honoured the result of." Lies. ....but I suppose Scotland means nothing. #tory #theresamay #brexit #scotland #scotref #indyref2 #Tories #Parliament #lies #liar #Westminster
People complain about being “bought” into the Privy Council for Brexit. He has been a senior MP for over 35 years. Unlike who was made a Member of the Privy Council after just 4 years as an MP. This nomark was elected to advise on matters of State
So... no recession even with no deal? Growth forecasts lost in the fog of Brexit
Has Gareth Johnson actually resigned because May’s Brexit deal wasn’t austere enough, having voted Against a decent pay rise for public sector workers such as nurses 14X for the Bedroom tax 53X to cut welfare benefits #GTTO
Mistakenly tuned in to #BBC World at One today. Same old Brexit bias being promoted with inaccuracies left unchallenged. #GiveMeStrength
All these brexit vans circling Westminster day in day out adding to the air pollution
Wow he’s my MP and I thought when he became a whip he would go back on his Brexit stance. Very proud of him and he has a very bright future, whatever happens. Well done Gareth!
And so the self preservation and interferance begins again. These corrupt morrally inept idiots are breaking this country. Whatever happens in brexit now the people now see these people for what they are and will now fight to make sure none of them ever regain or keep there job
Another one bites the dust. Never heard of this one. Obviously high impact
I built a life for myself in the UK, now Brexit has unravelled it | Metro News
OH FK OFF BACK TO CANADA No-deal Brexit could see interest rates rise, says Bank of England
In seventeen years, that kid will be saying "I could have been starting driving lessons today, if it hadn't been for Brexit"
Arlene Foster's Brexit adviser 'blocked Stormont release of FOIs' - The Irish News
No! Pursuing Brexit in the face of current public opinion will.
STUNNED.
BBC News - Brexit: What's next if MPs reject May's deal?
Esther McVey says we can withdraw the 39bn crash out with no deal and still have a smooth transition period. Yeah sure the EU will agree to that. Naivety on a whole new level. Lunatics are running the asylum now #Brexit
The price of chips is set to skyrocket as Brexit triggers lack of potato pickers in Jersey
Is a looser arrangement available; Brexit is insane, we need to fight from the inside
via Tory whip quits government ahead of Brexit vote
Hi will a GE break the Brexit deadlock, when both major parties want the same thing?
Yeah. Now people can see how unhelpful Brexit is. People want to reverse it.
I have reverted to my earlier position. While I strongly support a PV, I maintain that revoking A50 now would be far more sensible, particularly in view of the govt's and opposition's stubborn refusal to support a PV.
May must come up with Brexit Plan B within 3 weeks, say Remain MPs
Yes you do except your idea of Brexit is an accession paper to reenter the EU. You’ve been exposed for what you are !!!
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
Cracked pot in a china shop. Maybot must be rejected.
You are an utter disgrace to the Conservative part and to your constituents!! Your stance on Brexit will surely cost you your position as an MP come next GE!!
Proof (If any were needed) that the PM's team don't think things through! mocked for delivering Brexit speech in front of 'a load of mugs'
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
Brexit... Either the EU fixes their mess or it should be dissolved.
Filing that first sentence under “Win-Win”
I see his objections have now been bypassed. Whatever it takes eh Theresa?
Theresa May Could Be Removed As Soon As Wednesday If Vote On Brexit Deal Fails
Discovery, is among global media companies that use Britain as a regional hub. Without a deal that extends the status quo, allowing them to continue beaming channels into the European Union with U.K. licenses, they risk their channels going dark in March
Hopeless lying woman #GTTO
Equally damaging to the environment is particulate matter imported from #EU #Germany from the mining and burning of Lignite, a policy which has no end date and is actually increasing. seem to fear a no deal #Brexit than the health of #UK people you serve.
BBC News - Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve
Beware the catnip thrown by the pollsters - they are the private servants of the Hedge Funders They are mixed up with Conservative &amp; UKIP. Tory MPs &amp; an ex chairman as founders When they say it's OK for Labour to back Brexit, Prepare To Lose the election
But wasn’t it people from her party that were pro leave? I remember listening to LBC and conservative leaders were pro brexit. Why the backtrack? Had they not taken into consideration the effects?
When brexit happens Stuart's stash of out of date food will become a magical quest destination for starving adventures
This lorry arrived at my neighbours house today. Going home to the continent and giving up the home that they wanted to live out their twilight years in. Another family thrown up in the air by and and their fascist Brexit
When watching catch of Prime Minister's questions I noticed when asked certain questions "erm" is often the most responded word. Theresa you mention uncertainty awaits the UK but all i hear is uncertainty in your voice in EVERY discussion on Brexit. Why?
"#Brexit" is just an excuse, and it is difficult to see how a change of Prime Minister would change it very much, if at all. The real problem is #UniversalCredit, the campaign against which is being organised by the supporters of . #TheresaMay
Things to lookout for the week: -Meaningful #Brexit vote (Tue); -#US #PPI (Tue); -#UK #Inflation and #Carney speech (Wed); -#UK Retail Sales (Fri); -#US Inflation Exp, Manufacturing Production (Fri); -Ongoing #US Government #Shutdown;
"Brexit is a big d..." What does the rest of the banner say?
GBP/USD waits for Brexit vote #fx #forex #finance
Theresa May's last-ditch Brexit plea backfires
United under the Honk!
"Coincidence" I tell you... yeah... Just a... erm.... Just a "coincidence"....
A truly odious bitter little man!
What happens next? I present eight options for May and parliament, the final one involves everyone dressing up in costumes from a Gilbert and Sullivan opera and running around screaming.
There's another reason to Remain
This guerrilla war from Grieve et al is so perverse. These people wanted Remain or soft Brexit from a standpoint of risk aversion. They hate the thought of losing law and order, love the rules based world. Yet here they are initiating a bigger risk to our democracy than no deal
We want question about May And her BREXIT DEAL. NICK. YOU DON'T LIKE BORIS JOHNSON DO YOU. YOU ARE STANDING OUT LIKE A SORE THUMB. ARE YOUR EARS BURNING. JR.
Absolutely, they should not have had a binary referendum on such a complex issue. However May has tried her best. She drew red lines to appease right wing voters but failed to please anyone. So Brexit has failed. A no deal would be a huge failure of democracy
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
UK REACH: What new regulations reveal about the government’s #postBrexit chemicals blueprint via
could Brexit be the reason no one wants to buy Newcastle?
£350 million for the NHS: How the Brexit bus pledge is coming true | The Spectator
Crunch week begins for Brexit vote – BBC News: - Crunch week begins for Brexit vote BBC…
You lot put him in there, you gave him the megaphone, I’m just sharing the love. (And yes, I know the whole Brexit thing is a comparable embarrassing mess - at least you have term limits. We’re going to be f****d for a generation...)
We have been waiting for three and a half years - since we knew a referendum was coming - for Raab and his Brexiter colleagues to come up with such a miraculous Brexit plan. How much longer must we wait before it is legitimate to conclude that such a plan doesn't exist?
“In a 41 year average, Americans are more likely to die of an asteroid than Illegal Immigrant Terrorists” a video on how hateful/fearful rhetoric has put the UK and the USA where they are today:
No leader is better than a bad leader #Brexit
An orderly #Brexit is essential. But whatever the outcome may be, British citizens in Austria can rest assured that they will still be welcome and their rights will be protected. You are a valuable addition to our country and we want you to stay!
“But resignation is much worse: it corrodes, it leads to cynicism and disillusion. Resignation, not apathy, is the nemesis of democracy, because it replaces opportunity for change with pessimism that nothing ever will”.
She gave this speech about Brexit and she lied and everyone knew it and she has been as feckless as can be in coming up with a Brexit plan and it sucks out loud and she is trying to jam it through. Looks like it won't be accepted. People worried about what is gonna happen . . .
Don’t get our hopes up Tessie!
GBP/USD: UK Parliament Still Likely to Reject May’s Brexit Deal | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
How will a GE break the Brexit deadlock, when both major parties want the same thing?
Read the lies and fantasy promises made by Pinocchio May, no sensible person would believe her except those living in Alice’s Wonderland &amp; stupid Brexit halfwits which the UK is filled with ALASTAIR CAMPBELL: How Theresa May gives the press the slip
Beyond Brexit - Nigeria wants a new trade deal with Britain by orderpaper :
Follow back pro Europe. I believe it started with good intentions but morphed into a bit of a horrible clique who attack anyone who would like to discuss issues that aren’t Brexit or who want to respect the result.
More power to your elbow Andrea. You stand firm. #Brexit
If the Tories deliver a no deal Brexit, it would keep them in office for years. If they allow no Brexit, they would not be elected again in a generation.
Are people seriously buying “Brexit food survival kits” christ we’re leaving the EU not entering the apocalypse
This is not Dunkirk!' Brexiteer Liam Fox says no deal Brexit is NOT 'national suicide'
Theresa May.. The politician Universal. my brexit hallelujah. #satire #universalcredit #dwp #esa #pips #disabilityhatecrime #toriesout #brexit 3
Or that stupid or selfish broadcasters (or both) will refuse to report honestly about a government and establishment that is destroying the poor and vulnerable #UniversalCredit #Brexit
No it's British Sugar - and it's their local factory that could be very hard hit by this Tate and Lyle supported BREXIT. Just watch out for loosening of the environmental restrictions in Brazil on further deforestation in the Amazon. (See, told you I had some Green tendencies)
Brexit "NO DEAL" 12 mile Dover delay car park. STRANGE this as the FRENCH authorities say NO SUCH DELAY. NO SUCH NEED?
We should expand Brexit as a divorce with children. Arrangements must be made. Just storming off harms both parties and the weaker party ends up in a squalid bed sit until they desperately shack up with anyone they can find. In the meantime the children fight and bicker
Oh and if you missed it, in this paradoxical era, Gareth Johnson - one of the government whips - has resigned over Theresa May's deal. In his resignation letter he states that it "would be disrespectful to the referendum result if this agreement were to be implemented" #Brexit
Removal of a Speaker as not fit for purpose could create a new precendent!
Er, where do you intend finding all these new midwives? Just like money, there's no magic midwife tree either and with your Brexit plans, we won't be able to recruit from Europe. Since you abolished the nursing/midwifery bursary, applications have plummeted. #deluded #NHSCrisis
- UK News Beyond BBG - * BBC: May: Back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' * Guardian: Live Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's Brexit deal * The Times: Rebels hatch bill to delay Brexit
And what’s more he’s paid very handsomely by The Telegraph for it. Maybe they should hive it off into a comic section (preferably ready perforated). #bumf
If Tories don't implement hard brexit &amp; honour the democratic result &amp; wishes of the electorate then they will be joining Labour &amp; LibDems in the dole queue?
By its nature democracy is an ongoing debate that moves with ever changing domestic and world economic and political scene... a lot has happened since 2016... proponents of #Brexit are mostly still without strategy and unaccountable sniping from the sidelines #StopBrexit
I feel like Brexit has given me a pair of kings over the past month as we approach the likelyhood of "No Brexit", and I'm just waiting for the river card to pop out and fuck me over.
Good its re-confirmed its not just a 'hard brexit' that will severely damage UK ... apparently even 'the best deal' does too. - This has been strangely 'forgotten' by most media outlets of late, (almost universally in Scottish &amp; 'Scottish edition' media - broadcasters &amp; papers)
The Welsh Assembly one where she voted NOT to back the result, that one? Why are you not highlighting this rather large fact.
We already voted against remain. #Brexit
They are waiting for the Queen to die so they can announce cancelling Brexit and hope we won't notice
She's not saying anything new or for that matter anything to unite people behind her BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Deal as alter in provide a referendum as Conserative party internal policy the divide to a view as with a state in Brexit as a issue till agreement in Parliament as European Parliament to decide as vote in Union a membership as national party to every member as state in Union!
Wow he’s my MP and I thought when he became a whip he would go back on his Brexit stance. Very proud of him and he has a very bright future, whatever happens. Well done Gareth!
It’s amazing how leave voters think that Brexit the entire political landscape will change and all their needs will be attended to
Are the 60 mn UK odd/stupid or the 450 mn EU? #brexit
Cross-party group of MPs aim to force the PM to extend or withdraw Article 50 if vote fails and no alternative agreed. Whilst likely scaremongering from the gov to get Eurosceptics (ERG+DUP) on board, it would be a constitutional and democratic outrage.
The BBC are the worst news channel in the EU. And paid for by a unavoidable taxation.
"The possibility of a 2º referendum, the true r., is opening up, since this referendum would be carried out with the guarantee of a real knowledge of the British citizens of the meaning and scope of what they are voting for". My article: #Brexit
What you need to know about #Brexit
Yay! Good news all round :D
News: #Lichfield and #Burntwood MP says Theresa May's #Brexit deal would dash the dream of a "global trading Britain":
A useful resource for anyone who feels their business will be directly impacted by BREXIT..
Tell the yellow vest yobs that with no Brexit the pound will rise back to €1.50 and they will the be able to get a pint of beer for a quid on the Costa del fish and chips and no Brexit will be a done deal. Fox and Boris will be strung up from the nearest lampost
Theresa May axes 'lie' from Brexit speech after critics point out it's not true
Good xo
This really is not a good look Sir Edward, or can you convince us leave voters that May's non Brexit deal is respecting the 2016 vote ? From what I've read of the 500+ pages there's a lot there that benefits the EU and precious little that benefits the UK.
Let's have a vote on me iling the entire UK. If I win the vote I get to tell everyone in the UK what to do. If I lose the vote everyone in the UK has to do what I tell them to do. This is Brexit Britain.
So you are trying to screw up Brexit yet you voted for the EU withdrawal bill. Did you not know what you were voting for?
But apart from that everything's fine.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns May's deal "detrimental to nation's interests" “The Backstop gives our country no clear unilateral path out of #EU &amp; ensures we will be fettered in our ability to negotiate trade deals with other nations in future.” #Brexit
To hell with May's "deal" which is a sell-out. Full wto brexit is what the majority voted for.
Theresa May tells MPs to back her deal or risk no Brexit at all. We don’t see that as a risk. It’s simply the best outcome available. #politics #brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
"... as their *millionaire* manager (who will be entirely insulated from the fallout of Brexit)"
And here it is in a nutshell. We have "elected representatives" that represent only their own best interests. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
De Gea could save Brexit.
“Bringing the country back together........”
It's easy for a Hungarian to ignore Brexit
They did NOT 'vote'. Brexit or no Brexit, we cannot have UK Democracy run along 'Strictly Come Dancing' lines. We 'vote 2 decide' ONLY in elections[.] #StandUP4UKDemocracy #StandUP4aResoluteRemain #StandUP4UKDemocracy #StandUP4aResoluteRemain
A government in paralysis over #Brexit. Meanwhile the earth is dying. "When the seasons failed, surely you did something?" #EarthStrike at Petersfield Mansions #Cambridge CB1 1BB. #ZeroCarbon2025 #FossilFree #ExtinctionRebellion
What a great idea! What news on Brexit? Can’t get the BBC on 3G
Less is more with aluminium:
When my friend had cancer &amp; was facing chemo, rather than go thru the anguish of losing her hair bit by bit, she decided to own it &amp; cut her hair off at a moment of her choosing. PM May should do the same on #Brexit: #RevokeArticle50 &amp; allow the UK what little dignity it has left
she is tapped
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
Fair enough but it's taken him a while to come to that conclusion.
'we' being the Conservative Party....?
Has there been a Brexit themed Deal or No Deal? Might be worth a crack.
Theresa May delivers last-minute Brexit speech: via
Brexit Dividend?
Well said Gareth. Theresa May's deal is Remain dressed up weakly as brexit. We need to leave before we negotiate from a position of strength. No deal holds no fear, our contingency plans are advancing well. No deal will mean a good deal with the EU if we get rid of May
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
Pure sophistry. His belief that Brexit is a mistake compels his rejection of the deal, as part of a campaign to reverse the result of the referendum.
No confidence in the people eh. It will work beautifully.
Afternoon all. What do you think are the top 5 things impacting business in Surrey and Hampshire? (Aside from Brexit!) Please comment below....
Yellow vest poll Only 1500 votes so well within our capabilities to turn it Please vote and retweet #PeoplesVote
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
GBPUSD hits a Seven-Week High on "No-Brexit" Chances #ICM #Trading #FX #Stocks #Oil
Corby runs Labour like Abbott and Costello or Marx Brothers would he or no one else in Labour has a clue what to do for Brexit IF they know what it is certainy havent a clue as to what to do if suddenly allowed to run wild with our Government
A ttpical Mail reader I suspect...the persona of brexit, one of the reasons it must be stopped.
Not forgetting to mention the loyalty he showed to his wife and family whilst shagging Currie #Brexit #
Cba with all the brexit shite just throw May in the bin and put our lord and saviour Jezza in
For it to get bigger, you’d still need to explain where it’s going to come from in the real world. Labour are polling near their historic ceiling. The Tory vote is being galvanised by Brexit, and the SNP still dominate Scotland. You’re calling for something that can’t happen
Indeedy. Why am I not surprised at this?
Time until BREXIT is 74 days, 08 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
There are 1773 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 1773 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
London house price forecast for 2020 drops from 5% to zero as Brexit negotiations stall:
BAME Brexiters: The people of colour who voted Leave #Brexit #MDClassics
Theresa May argues that defeating the deal could open the way for pro-EU legislators to block #Brexit, with "catastrophic" results for Britons' faith in democracy.
We don't need a points-based immigration system after Brexit - there is a much simpler way of doing things
What is right is to vote for #brexit and WTO rules for EU and let the UK government determine rules.
Pound hits seven-week high on eve of vital Brexit vote -
Bloody Hell..
Dam right Boris, these traitors will pay the price with their jobs if they block Brexit....
Brexit is 1785 hours away. #brexit
A generation of government run by ethical monists has stripped us of our ability to disagree productively, says
With a well-informed brexit, our economy and security is in jeopardy. We must have a grandiose brexit!
Pre-brexit vs post-brexit
With the 'meaningful vote' on #Brexit looming, how will the UK's withdrawal from the European Union, amongst other geopolitical trends such as #China and #Trump, affect the investment management community this year?
I wasn't old enough to vote in 1975 I'm 54 now so it will be a once in a lifetime time for me! #Brexit #Voted2leave
Sadly depressing as it’s about Brexit...
I do Politics at A Level so I don’t need your patronising explanations to understand. If a decision is given to the public, no matter if you like the decision or not, it needs to be followed through with. There will be deep societal damage if there’s no Brexit.
worst brexit
I rather fear it may be the latter
thebigword Prepares for Brexit #recruiting #translation #multilingual #interpreting #thebigword #brexit
Someone should #TellJeremyCorbyn #GetRealJC
It’s got match abandoned at 0-0 due to waterlogged pitch written all over it! What a rotter she is! #TheresaMay #maybot #brexit
I wonder how many readers know what "progenitors", "predicated" &amp; "discomfiture" actually mean... #Writing for one's audience is one of the most important things one needs to do, if one wishes to successfully #market #ideas, #services &amp; #products. #ContentWriting #Brexit
UK leader mounts last-ditch bid to win Brexit...the deal sucks.just leave the EU! 1 thing this or any gov't doesn't have the right to do is go over head of the public &amp; remain...the very heart of UK democracy would be in question..unacceptable.
Discovery preps for no-deal Brexit. Discovery is preparing to move its European HQ out of London and has applied for broadcast licences in the Netherlands to protect its channels in the European Union (EU) in the event of a no-deal Brexit.
What about the 18, 19 &amp; 20 year olds that weren’t eligible to vote last time? This decision affects them too...! #brexit
so another MP quits because of #Brexit They set such a good example. if things don't go your way just quit. How about fighting for what you believe in? How about support your country! This country would halt if everyone had this same attitude. #myonlybrexittweet
Is a no-deal Brexit looking more likely?
Bringing Brexit Back - Justin Timberlake Parody via
Even the Tory whips, who are supposed to 'persuade' Tory MPs to vote with the government, are resigning in protest at May's deal.
Little shits sums up quite a few of them sadly. A party I once had confidence in.
Theresa May lies about the Welsh Assembly in bid to get MPs to back Brexit deal
I think that's why the words are used - if people realised supermarkets could be half-empty within days of a no deal brexit (possibly completely empty of fresh fruit and veg), they might have something to say about it...
My understanding is that a negotiated deal retain all the workers rights introduced by the EU and keeping a frictionless trade that we already enjoy would there for put a jobs first brexit Make sense?
Brexit should support those who voted for it. That's major flaw in thinking of those whose job it is to enact, despite having voted against it. For UK to make success either way, the result had to be fully embraced. Appeasing the losing arguments, loses the benefits of #BREXIT.
Sainsbury’s are now selling BBQ flavoured crickets. Someone in our office bought a packet and they’re on the kitchen counter in place of the usual cakes and donuts. If this isn’t an alarming insight into life post-Brexit I honestly don’t know what is.
Theresa May's new Brexit claim backfires spectacularly as she's accused of lying - Mirror Online
#uknews #ukpolitics #brexit #ukeconomy #ukbusiness Would you like to be a columnist for the UK’s new online national newspaper? If you would like to contribute to The UK Newspaper visit
Good its re-confirmed its not just a 'no-deal brexit' that will Severely damage UK ... apparently even 'a best deal' does too. - This has been strangely 'forgotten' by most media outlets of late, (almost universally in Scottish &amp; 'Scottish edition' media - broadcasters &amp; papers)
Do you currently have a European Distribution Center in the UK? Or no national distribution center in the UK? In case of a #no deal #brexit you might want to reconsider the allocation of your #warehousing and #distribution facilities and related #strategies. Let me know!
The Irish Times: No one can predict the outcome of the Brexit vote
#TheresaMay Warns 'No #Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
"Human rights abuses against the disabled were all fun and games. Scapegoating the poor while making the rich richer was an entertaining and challenging experience. I would stand by while British citizens are deported all over again but Brexit? No, that's beyond the pale."
What could Britain's future look like post-Brexit? Eight former foreign secretaries – including Boris Johnson, Jack Straw and William Hague – share their thoughts
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
She'll bottle a wto brexit.
Lots of coincidences happen in politics when you’re trying to get unpopular legislation through- apparently - and this is why we have so many ministers these days - they have to vote for gov. or resign.
Wow. It's quite a step down from "sunlit uplands" to "survivable". Who'd have thought #Brexit wasn't such a good idea after all? #StopBrexit #RevokeArticle50
Britain’s Theresa May faces near-certain defeat in a vote on her Brexit deal but will likely
Deal or no deal? That is the question.
Really enjoying Peter’s new ‘show’
I don’t think he does - doesn’t say much for his intellect
Assurances about post-Brexit Calais delays rejected by
Boris Johnson claims he knows more about making cars than the boss of Jaguar Land Rover as he insists motor industry will survive Brexit via
[] i work fulltime and pay my rent // one week in every four all i can afford to eat is 1 loaf of bread and 1 jar of gherkins // brexit []
The woman is delusional! Has she not seen the hard EU power on display last weekend? Is she unaware of the proposed pooling of Sovereignty by France to Germany on 22/1/19 in Aachen ex Aix -la-Chapelle...Can she not see that as President Macron's response to the #GiletsJaunes GO!
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Esther McVey said that there's a 'compassionate Conservative government' and everyone made the same point
No, they all just go soldiering on coz it's either no Brexit or a Corbyn government. Normal rules were suspended a while ago. The government that just won't crumble!
Theresa May says no Brexit more likely than no deal
Crunch week begins for Brexit vote – BBC News
No Brexit vs no deal: How Britain could end up staying in the EU after all
Petition: Walk away now! We voted for a No Deal Brexit
Esther describes herself as "compassionate" ....... we all beg to differ! great comments........ #GeneralElectionNow #GTTO
Left Unity - Brexit: Corbyn needs to take an international lead
The UK middle classes will be forced to drink bleach instead of french wine. #brexit #photography #streetphotography #leicaimages #eyeshotmag #projectfear
How much money does the Sun achieve by giving away free news papers? I noticed that all Spar shops in my northern hometown had them to give away during the Brexit campaign.
#TheresaMay urges MPs to back #Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
I love these accidental brexit boosters!!
Poll : How will Theresa May get on tomorrow, with her 'Brexit Deal vote'? #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdeal
Didn’t know this.
creating fear and panic to make a quick buck! who do we blame for this? can we really point a finger at someone? how would that help? #Brexit #BrexitBox #foodsecurity BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
What we have is an establishment, frantic, to stop no deal, because no deal is TERRIBLE for the country’s economics. What we also have is a Tory party trying to leave at any cost, which will ruin low-to-middle income families. But why would Tory’s ever care about the non-rich...
Indeed. In a country where police have all but dissapeared?
Lost everything? Why is everyone so dramatic about this. I work in science which will potentially lose funding from the brexit situation but I'm not going to pretend my life will be ruined. What does ramp it up even mean?
Nothing is certain with TM, she is a born liar, backstabber, weak, and a waste of space. one thing will be certain if she doesn't deliver Brexit though, the Con Club won't be winning the next GE!!
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved
I also think this could happen here! The EU cannot let us leave they need us too much. They know without us they will crumble. All the unrest in other EU countries is not shown on MSM because they want us to think we are the only one's trying to leave which is blatantly untrue!
UK MPs produce legislation for holding a Brexit referendum in the next few months
Disgraceful. France should look after their people first. Useless
The WA will still commit the UK to the continuing harmonisation of EU state aid rules. May's deal gives the EU the right to supervise the UK's CMA which will be required to submit its decisions in draft to the European Commission, for comment.
NEW: Tory MP has no idea what an international treaty is.
Since . /. &amp; . /. are both afraid and both unable to govern, we need a third party that can and will. .
The only way parliament can block #Brexit is if is complicit in passing legislation to prevent us leaving! FACT...! #Tory #StandUp4Brexit #Tories #ConservativeParty
Corbyn cosies up to the Conservatives on Brexit -
Revised #Brexit probabilities
The University of Kent is going to host the second annual Kent Business Summit 2019 on Friday 11th January to discuss the impact of Brexit on the region. For more info&gt;
Troll level: Jenkins
Britain's attorney general, Geoffrey Cox, said on Monday that an EU letter outlining assurances on Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit agreement, particularly on the so-called Northern Irish backstop, would have legal force. "EU letter provides legal as…
Subjecting EU migrant workers to non-EU Tier 2 visa-style policies post-Brexit will cripple UK growth a report has warned. Theresa May can’t see the problems cutting EU immigration will cause. May lacks transparency over immigration. More here #ukvisa
I can see the headlines now... PHEWDIEPIE OFFENDS BREXIT WITH FIRST EVER VIDEO
"What am I like??????"
There is Prime minister called May, who said we all had a say!! Brexit means Brexit, I heard her say!! . Only to watch it Maybe slip away!!!
LIVE: UK parliament continues Brexit deal debate on the eve of the vote
May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation
When you’ve got a permanent knot in your stomach but you can’t keep blaming it on Brexit forever! #KeepMoving
#Tenants in #London better off following Brexit vote according to , as #rental growth in London is almost 3% lower than the projected rate of growth. Landbay founder and chief executive John Goodall shares his thoughts, #UKProperty #Rentokil
Brexit... A few Tory 10 yr olds flicking the lives, security and mental-health of 66 million UK citizens at each other in prep school.
Cable has a near-pathological hatred of the Labour Left (it’s why he joined the SDP all those years ago) and it is primarily this that is the cause of the Lib Dem’s fucknutted decisions around Brexit
From the very beginning of the Brexit process there have been lost causes across the aisles; MPs who would not come to agreement on *ANY* possible deal. They all have different reasons but what is common about them is they would not be moved by anything brought to the table.
How will your MP vote on the Brexit deal?
Pound Quivers ahead of Brexit “Meaningful Vote” via ActionForex #forex #fx
Brexit (2019) | Official Trailer | HBO
MP quits as whip ahead of crunch Brexit vote
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it via
Extraordinary that 40% of 11K respondents want a no-deal Brexit. Who are these people - a mixture of Russian bots, disaster capitalists and complete loonies?
So the canvassers and campaigners don't help win elections? I really didn't know that. So you are saying Labour party members don't really matter? Yesterday, refused to say what Labour's position would be in the event of a GE relating to Brexit. What is it?
And the upshot of it all is that if we don’t get a proper full brexit I will never vote again on anything because I know now that it is completely pointless
PM criticised for 'hypocrisy' after voting in 1998 against the Welsh Assembly and in favour of a wrecking amendment to the Scotland Bill.
We are being dragged out. We've known this for over 2 yrs. What is she waiting on? Do you think after brexit there will ever be an indyref2 considering it was the EU who forced the UK to deliver devolotion that we'd voted for - that the Tories never wanted in the 1st place?
How the mighty have fallen..would like to see a Great Britain once again but not sure that will happen any time soon. “They”have made a laughingstock out of the UK and we look weak &amp; pathetic to the rest of the world #LeaveMeansLeave #YellowVestsUK #divideandconquer
anyone with a UK contract, no matter what nationality...
UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote - Sputnik International
Full revolt coming same as France if Brexit vote ignored by UK globalists
A number of them arent hoping for a better deal - they're just sanguine about no deal!
Welwyn Hatfield MP’s verdict on Brexit deal vote. Take part in the survey and retweet
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k"
Cobblers ! The result of the #EUref should be honoured irrespective of your views. Out or Leave means exactly that. No Deal WTO is only solution....No Transition No Delay No #A50 Extension.....ignore the people at your peril
The whole country is going to plunge into recession upon crashing out of EU.
Oh dear.... If there was any doubt at all 15th Jan is not going to be a good day for Theresa May #brexit
German businesses favor a more European approach over putting national interests first. More statements on #Brexit and #economy at the #FutureForumEurope
offer to swap #freedomofmovement for #backstop to get #brexit through #negotiate #compromise #LeaveMeansLeave
The Withdrawal Agreement is cancelling Brexit FFS.
How does a No Deal hard Brexit ever, by any definition “put my country first”? Another ideological zealot rears his head.
Let's be real, there was no agreed definition of #brexit prior to the ref. Was it Canada, Norway No deal, what exactly??? You never reached out to remainers, just ploughed on as if you had the 2:1 majority of '75. Contrast that to today's thread by and how mature
Theresa May lies about the Welsh Assembly in bid to get MPs to back Brexit deal
If parliament corporately decided to thwart Brexit (and the result of the referendum that it voted for) perhaps those MP’s who continue to believe in democracy should announce that they are the “true” parliament set up their own parliament, call on the judiciary etc to obey them.
BREAKING: Dartford MP Gareth Johnson resigns from Government role to oppose May's Brexit deal
. outlines proposed rules for #financial services contracts regime. Read more via : #Brexit #insurance
Wow he’s my MP and I thought when he became a whip he would go back on his Brexit stance. Very proud of him and he has a very bright future, whatever happens. Well done Gareth!
Man not allowed to broadcast opinion publicly because FootballJOE disagree with it shocker
" it looks like Parliament is about to vote against a deal that isn't a deal and bring to an end 2 years of uncertainty by going back to the start of the uncertainty and reliving it."
50 years to recover from a no deal Brexit what the fck and who the fck voted for that ?
Yes exactly right - but day-to-day survival is a hidden strategy for TM and has been since she became a minister for anything. The problem is Brexit is a national crisis not just a party one. Each party had remainers &amp; leavers -
Two different things. EU referendum split 52:48 Corbyn's #Brexit - for the 1% Labour - for the 99% (i.e. why Corbyn doesn't listen to the party).
He wants to pin brexit on the Tories. Ideally he would like no deal as it would likely lead to him winning next election.
Whether you’re brexit or remain, this is important
Investors Expect The Brexit Vote via ActionForex #forex #fx
It's true though. He made a stupid cmment regarding Brexit. I called it. There was no 'targeting'. I'll leave that to Jamie. He's good at that.
I swear if after all that there's no brexit I'm gonna...well I'm gonna be glad because being in the European Union sounds effin rad.
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit #NEWS
A GE in no way resolves the Brexit problem, since Labour policy is to deliver Brexit. But Labour can't negotiate a Brexit that meets their own "6 Tests". No such Brexit exists.
grieve wants a 2nd ref, he doesnt want a labour gov who also want brexit.
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit
Tired of all the #Brexit talk? Why not enjoy a more exciting distraction &amp; embark on an Indian adventure visiting The ‘Golden Triangle.’ We have a special offer departing on 29 March 2019 from £1200 per person. Contact us to book.
If Brexit happens, all blame lands right on Westminster's doormat and those within it. It's about time the spotlight shone at them all.
BBC News - Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Even with this tweak it still wouldn't be what was voted for and as you well know your constituency was one of if not the biggest leave majority. So I implore you to vote with your mandate for WTO Brexit and dump Treacherous May's plan to keep us in backhandedly.
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
Wouldn't it be great if this was the comment that made Brexit happen
Self-harm Brexit: “Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.” (Guardian)
Brexit: Fox claims no deal 'survivable' as May launches last-minute bid to rescue her deal - Politics live
It could also be said the fact that she lost her majority when going to the people with a mandate to strengthen her hand, was a sign that the people had changed their mind over Brexit.
Concerns over #Brexit and GDPR have yet to impact the UK Advertising market with Adspend expected to grow 6.1% in 2019 to reach $22bn. Globally, growth is predicted to reach 3.8% with digital increasing to 40% of global share for the first time. Read more:
“How could it go so wrong”....Those MPs in the House of Commons doing all they can so we don’t really leave, much like May’s fake Brexit.
This is really nicely done.
If ever in doubt on Brexit I always remind myself that 77% of young people don't want it. It is no less than a generational betrayal to take the country down the Brexit path against their will. Looking to the past won't help, the future is theirs.
whip resigns, so has she lost the parliament? #brexit
Like most issues in the UK this Brexit issue will be dealt with like all other issues; endless ringing on the phone awaiting for someone to pick up &amp; sort out the issue, then after no answer, time has run out and the issue has become chaos; then swept under carpet.
Been peddlin' spin all day long Singing the same old song Know every crack in this pavement of spin And I've been spinnin' it all to win There's been a load of compromisin' On the road to my horizon But I'm gonna be where the lights are shinin' on me Like a MSN cowboy...
Getting on the Brexit Bus and delving in to EU referendum back in 2016. #advertising #media
Never in the field of dodgy deals was so much owed by so few to so many. Save our democracy from those who are subverting it. Remember our great leaders: Churchill, Nelson, Wellington...the list goes on. Their legacy should be treasured not subverted. #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #WTO
180,000 #UKiz will be making #customs declarations for the first time in a no-deal #Brexit. Apply for government funding towards our training courses to ensure you can prepare properly: Deadline: April 5th 2019!
And BREXIT is giving them power. If we stop BREXIT we stop the Tories...
498 MP's voted to trigger Article 50 and at the same time leave without a deal if that is the case on the 29th March at 11pm but we have a bunch of self interest MP's who will do anything to STOP BREXIT and they are a DISGRACE
With Brexit on the horizon, Frankfurt’s office market breaks records #Frankfurt #Brexit #property #realestate #record
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
DUP rejects 'meaningless assurances' from EU on Brexit backstop - Dodds calls for 'real changes' to withdrawal agreement
when I say thank god for the DUP, I am only doing so in relation to Brexit. I have little knowledge of Irish politics and the DUP and Sinn Fein, more to the point as somebody who isn't Irish I don't believe I should have a say in what happens in Ireland
UK PM May boosts Pound ahead of Brexit vote via FXStreet #forex #fx
Just commented on : Government whip resigns over the backstop on the eve of the Brexit vote -
Errr No! Dropping in to help the U.K. with #Brexit :-) ha ha ha
And bring on no brexit
A no-deal #Brexit cannot be "managed" and is "certainly not desirable," said , director general, as business leaders expressed frustration over the continued political impasse, via .
Steve Coogan doesn’t think the ‘looming disaster’ of Brexit will actually happen –
"British" MEMBERS of the European Parliament REALISE "No stay equals no PAY" ?
`bbcnews Well, It would appear that the cretins are conspiring to negate the peoples choice of brexit. Oh for a government that can govern sensibly and intelligently , casting aside their idealism and self interest.Will Tereasona have enough knighthoods to give them.
HMG sources say all these are still possible with the PMs deal (except no deal Brexit). So opposition to the deal is not primarily for other reasons - it’s just a bad, blind deal. Sort out where you want to go before you get on the train.
So it wasn't Emma Bridgewater but was Portmeirion factory. Here's an update
Tory whip resigns ahead of Brexit vote warning deal leaves UK "perpetually constrained" by EU via
UK: Conservative politician Gareth Johnson resigns over Brexit deal via FXStreet #forex #fx
Thank you. It's disgusting that the English MP's aren't looking after the Union and it is you and your party having to do the job they were elected to do. #Brexit #WTO #VoteItDown
The verdict of the referendum was based on misinformation on both sides. So to push our country into #Brexit based on untruths, seems a bit bonkers isn’t it?
Bruegel: EU budget implications of a no-deal Brexit
Update: There is an Important Thing I am less interested in than The Shutdown and that thing is Brexit.
Try it, John. ‘Jumping off a cliff never has a happy ending’ - Major calls for Government to suspend Brexit
The latest AlcopopTvCulture! Thanks to #beatncds #brexit
. Your copy, gentlemen.
let the world know that this was all born from #hate and #bigotry created by #Fascism which engulfs whole #europe #PIS #Brexit #Trump #Salvini #Putin #LePen #SteveBannon
How to prepare your manufacturing business for Brexit – #Cheshire &amp; #Warrington
Ask the Lords to vote for trade democracy with petition and find out why trade is a key #Brexit issue for those concerned about #GMO with info from
EU intervenes on Brexit deal on eve of UK vote | The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper
Out comes the truth!
I believe that the only reason she’s hanging on is to give time to muster enough support to reverse the Brexit vote. The big banks don’t want it.
Please, please let this go viral. Peter Cook’s resemblance to JRM is uncanny.
Ahem
Leaving #Brexit for a moment. Any Air Quality strategy that does deal with cars and planes is not worth the bandwidth its using. Particularly in urban areas where pollution is worst.
#uknews #ukpolitics #brexit #ukeconomy #ukbusiness Would you like to be a columnist for the UK’s new online national newspaper? If you would like to contribute to The UK Newspaper visit
More #ProjectFear #FakeNews from our inept, incompetent, treacherous and possibly spiteful PM . I have no doubt she’ll lead the charge for no Brexit when her deal fails and she should have no doubt I’ll be leading a charge to have her replaced as my Party’s Leader.
Business is still booming in the UK despite the Brexit debate. #Relocate
What would you term competent? Tony Blair who gave us Iraq war PFI &amp; more neo liberal BS.What about Cameron gave u Brexit &amp; austerity, Thatcher who sold off all our assets cheap,or maybe a Macron type who'll give you more of the same BS that's got us into the state we're in
We voted Leave in a one-off vote in 2016 and the Govt. vowed to abide by our decision. There is NO mandate for MPs to do anything but obey the people. #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for.
You can't have redlines for tories and none for yourself. So hard brexit no redlines! reversing Act50 would be a great addition to any manifesto. People vote mmm I'm not sure because Scotland will just go up and England could vote out higher %. Then what I've no clue. Indyref2
EU intervenes on Brexit deal on eve of UK vote
Whatever you think of he is actually the only person to make sense of #Brexit and #TheresaMay and her cunning gameplan. Her brexit is designed to bottom feed the Tory bottom feeders. No deal means freedom from these thieving corrupt bottom feeders! #bottomfeeders
You seem to conflate Brexit with Lexit. You surely wouldn't characterise the socialist critique of the EU as bigotry and racism would you?
Is just going through the motions of a #MeaningfulVote knowing that it will be defeated and then cancelling #Brexit completely
Cameron must be the 2nd Two years after coming to power, Theresa May's premiership is the most shambolic for a century
TM this is not a leave deal it's an Ollie remain deal so they can drag us back if the leash gets too far away
hits a journalistic low with this one..... BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
#Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal #Brexit
Elite architects of Brexit are safe, far behind the front line via
It's a new week, and new strategy from #May... (no, seriously, hear me out). The bogeyman of "No Deal" hasn't done its trick, so now the bogeyman is "No #Brexit". This would seem like a feature, not a bug, to me...
Anyone stupid enough to vote in Labour and wondering what exactly the parties policies are on Brexit, check out fireworks display! Tells you everything you need to know!
That reflects the reality that revocation cannot settle the Brexit question. We, collectively, need to think about our relationship with the EU. There are many different views. If, in future, there is a majority for a concrete leave, EU law would not prevent us from leaving. 3/3
I’m giving 2/1 that someone manages to force Brexit through after an appeal to the European Court of Human Rights
UK government whip resigns to oppose May's Brexit deal
BREAKING: woman working in the NHS wonders if there will ever be a day I don’t tweet about Brexit
Bless, these nitwits think a parliamentary amendment can alter the text of an international treaty
New car sales see biggest fall since 2008 - Plummeting diesel sales, new emissions rules, and a Brexit-linked hit to consumer confidence were all blamed for the downturn, Sky News reports: #cars #Brexit #UK
Well said. It’s absolutely absurd that people think it’s logical to continue to have referendums until the wanted result in their opinion is the outcome . 17.5 million voted to leave and 17.5 million votes must be respected.
EU Willing to Extend Brexit Transition Period – Letter to May
Are you really telling us that all that is agreed buy the #EU and is legally binding?
He's the only one likely to stand, brexit is too big a job for most lazy tory money spongers.
so what is it? an election? and then what? a referendum? or try to renegotiate? and what if the EU won't renegotiate? no deal? and what if no election? no deal? May's deal? no Brexit? Just tell me in plain English
This sounds like good work by police , though a sad reflection of the times
Dear Leave Voters As a result of the referendum you unleashed Brexit on the Nation. It caused the value of the £ to fall, saw companies relocating out of the the country and split and paralysed our political system. I guess you knew what you were voting for. Thanks.
Share marks video with as many as poss please it shows how much of a bunch of liars we have in parliament.
Interesting, considering timing. Brexit absolutely will have an impact but the UK remains an attractive place to invest for some companies at least.
George Will: Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous
We've published a page bringing together updates and additional guidance published to help organisations in the health and social care research sector prepare for a no-deal Brexit
It's a mess because Europhiles are doing there damndest to make it difficult. Supported by main anti Brexit bias and MP's serving there own interests and supporting the EU gravy train rather than working together to make Brexit work.
The Brexit referendum was a bluff that backfired. This "Vote or no Brexit" is another bluff that's gonna backfire. There would be something poetic about it ending the way it began, if we hadn't just spend two years on this monumental fuckup.
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'. NOT backing the deal for country's sake looks like the sensible option to me! #BREXIT #BrexitVote
It makes no difference whatsoever and simply pathetic posturing. The time for principle resignations has long past.
Compare and contrast Neil Warnock and Jürgen Klopp speaking about Brexit, and that pretty much sums up the divide. #football #brexit
Labour's dilemma here: The more the Tories back Brexit the more they squeeze the UKIP vote. The more Labour continues to back Brexit the more the greens, SNP and Lib Dems squeeze Labour's vote. Easy solution - let the people decide.
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
Traitorous Coward..karma will follow him &amp; bite him in the bum
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
She’s taking you for a ride. There will not be a “no deal”.
Then you are going to be among the tiny number of people (relative to the UK population) who are seriously discomforted by Brexit.
Eh? At the General Election after the Brexit Referendum more people voted DUP than ever before.
My many friends and co-workers campaigners with learning difficulties communicate effectively without insulting and alienating people by using discriminatory and offensive language. could learn a thing or two from them.
I can live with that. In fact dare I say I would welcome that.
Don’t tell me we’re going to lose the “c” on our keyboard as part of Brexit desk. That would be razy
I suppose it all depends how it’s reported Laura? Can only imagine the orgasmic nature of your tweets if it was Labour!
shut the fuck up you failure of a human
I was under the impression #weatherspoons was a pub chain. So why is it posting pro brexit propaganda through my letterbox? #brexit
Corbyn wants Brexit. A GE can come later
The mandate of the referendum was to return power to this country from the EU. It did not mean that MPs could hijack and abuse their position to stop Brexit because you don't agree with 17.4million people who want to leave the Eu. You are just like The eu undemocratic.
- Everything Brexit from today. It would be silly to not be well informed at such a time.
You really have no idea do you? The consequences of cancelling Brexit will be seriously ugly.
#Edinburgh - From those : #Gove will pay #NoDealBrexit #farming bill, vows #Scottish #agriculture secretary #FergusEwing said the cost of a no-deal Brexit to farmers must be covered by the #UK #Government.
Then DENOUNCE your leader properly not in code on Twitter. So an ele tion is called....would you ask me to vote for Corbyn as PM ? If so you would either be lying or a hypocrite. Stop hiding behind Brexit. He is far more dangerous. A bit of honesty Chuka
read dis
A very helpful resource
if you vote down the deal and because of this brexit does not happen. I would pack your bags. I want a cast iron guarentee you want brexit to happen and will do anything to achieve the will of the people you serve
If you’re a Curator in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the South East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Cardiff distance themselves from Warnock’s Brexit stance
You describe the first stages of swamp draining. Bring it on, not before time.
Another one to hijack...
#Brexit is Cancelled &amp; so is Theresa May
What a good girl. good luck, my dear. And yes, do not trust the Tories one iota.
You know, “survivable”. Like a plane crash. Or a gunshot to the testicles. #r4today
May and her team seem to have done everything perfectly to scupper the deal. So either they're spectacularly incompetent, or they're actually aiming for either No Deal or No Brexit.
More Brexit lies Mrs May?
#WORLD #NEWS #UPDATE : UK PM THERASA MAY'S NATIONAL CALL IMMEDIATELY BEFORE 15 JANUARY LATEST BREXIT REFERENDUM : BACK BREXIT FOR COUNTRY'S SAKE. #REPORTS #BBC
In 2011 EMA took a 28 year lease in Canary Wharf without any breaks. How entirely mad. Now looking to get out of the lease claiming 'frustration' due to Brexit... Who in earth has been advising them...?
There could be more, right accross the country in all the empty shops if they brought in an up to date version of enterprise allowance, open to all post brexit lets get britain booming
Maybe he thinks no brexit is better than another unicorn brexit because Corbyn clearly determined to leave EU.
#EU ready to delay #Brexit until July. Can extending the painful #Brexit process bring results? #FutureofEurope
Ha ha ha what is that someone should tell her mays deal isn’t brexit
WTO countries fret over Brexit plans
File under "But what have the Romans ever done for us?" (I seem to be finding it impossible to discuss Brexit without making reference to Monty Python. Must be the absurdity quotient.)
And considers that the public could despise politicians even more. I've hit rock bottom already! #Brexit
Delingpole: Deep Throat Whistleblower Reveals Brexit Deal Is a Trap via
I liked a video May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People
Nonsense! The deal on the table delivers what I as a Leave voter wanted and it IS Brexit. It gets us out of "ever closer union" so is MUCH better than remaining. It's the likes of the ERG who are putting the whole process of leaving at risk of hijack by the more extreme Remainers
“It’s now my judgement that the more likely outcome is a paralysis in parliament that risks there being no Brexit”
You scumbag should be either your deal or no deal no brexit isn't an option anymore.
David Hugh-Jones: Inside the incompletely-baked establishment conspiracy to foil Brexit. "1. There really is an Establishment; 2. They really do want to thwart the people’s will; 3. They’re clueless." :P
oh i am wise to affairs of brexit legislation - you not, desperate Clive pretending reality isnt what it is.
Latest News: Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' The PM says MPs can end uncertainty in Tuesday's vote as she welcomes new assurances on Northern Ireland. 2019-01-14 13:34:28Z
#EU rejects Irish backstop time limit but backs technological solution #Brexit
One of the main problems with #UK Politicians is that they have no guts and are fools. Most people voted for #Brexit (not because of Immigration concerns) but because they recognised that #EU is a corrupt &amp; divisive body constructed as part of a post #WW2 coup to benefit #Nazis.
Parliament won't allow a no deal, and changing government (Labour won't win with their leave stance on brexit) will not change the way Parliament votes. I can see a general election being called though.
Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes'
Great article Michaela. I doubt we'll see any form of consultation until we have clarity over Brexit.
I'm gonna expect more resignations if Theresa May loses her Brexit deal vote tommorow.
Brexit betrayal EXPOSED? Nigel Farage ‘predicted issues with May’s dea #betrayal #brexit #deal #news #breakingnews
Damn! I didn't seize that moment when celebrating mine. Is this what the snowflakes mean when they scream Brexit has stole my future? I will make up for it by celebrating my next one as a GB national that is EU Free!
Add also that he is an extreme brexit supporter
What do you mean by "Doesn't work"? Assuming Labour's entire strategy is to force May to deliver some sort of extremely unpopular Brexit on her own, the strategy is going well. Presumably at some point Labour will whip MPs to obtain on the Nth vote of May's deal.
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal' via
Every sentence comes with possibly. That's not legally binding?if we leave no deal any mess would be her lack of preparation. Just leave than talk.. End of! .BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
It is deeply irresponsible of a man like Boris Johnson who has held one of the great offices of state to claim that 'the deep state' is conspiring to prevent Brexit and frustrate the will of the people. This is a man who cheerfully and knowingly lied to those same people.
as even Government whips charged with getting their MPs to toe the line quit hours before the #MeaningfulVote Mrs May stubbornly carries on... its got to be game over for the PM
Boris Johnson has had meetings with Steve Bannon. And is now talking of a Deep State. He is preparing for the collapse of Brexit and has a stab in the back theory ready.
'Get us out': Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
We've reached a stage in Brexit where it will be far better to have been against whatever option the country ends up taking. The best thing politicians can do for themselves right now is to be loudly on the losing side.
WTOs the best deal
White people :
Pound hits seven-week high on eve of vital Brexit vote
Does your business have a base in an EU 27 country? It might not make it immune to Brexit-related problems warns at #Brexit #Law #mondaythoughts
What is the point of this now except to cause maximum damage to the government he represents?
#Brexit stirs up a lot of conflict over Britain’s place in the world with companies like Wetherspoons, the pub chain, stirring up angry emotions in the past. And last week, #HSBC joined the debate, albeit allegedly involuntarily
They "tried" they mentioned it on in a jovial mannor. That's what BBC have become the current PM lies to the nation and it's laughed off. While the next PM is asked if a remark he made in 1975 means he wants a no deal brexit.
Brexit CONSPIRACY: Boris Johnson warns the DEEP STATE’S great c #backfire #boris #brexit #news #breakingnews
Clear example that May is incapable of the truth. Changing the wording from one lie to form another lie. Shame on those that voted for her and her party.
Well with between 70-80% of the party membership and tory voters are behind Brexit, I think it'll be the end of the party.
Posted...
Posted...
Posted...
Posted...
Posted...
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
The deal is the 'soft' Brexit' you advocated for. The electorate have already rejected 'remain'. WTO is the best option left.
Yippee!
LISTEN: No Brexit is now more likely than leaving without a deal - that's the warming from the PM.
The UK Needs a Bold Competitive Strategy to Survive #Brexit
Alex, maybe you should start reassuring your readers that the backstop doesn’t translate to the end of the union. May and Bradley have said this repeatedly but unionism won’t listen. Be honest, a hard Brexit is the biggest threat to the union.
Why 70 per cent tax rates would require capital controls: To avoid economic blackmail by the… #Brexit #Politics
Good thread, clarifying still further that, like magic grandpa, most Lexiteers are Moonie morons.
You did not have a mandate to determine how Brexit should be implemented. We were told that it was our decision and we voted to leave. We did not vote for a deal as that wasn’t mentioned. A deal was only mentioned when we got the answer wrong, or wrong in your opinion.
Where's your BREXIT option?
In comparing Brexit to Welsh devolution, Theresa May was wrong on two counts: Not only did the… #Brexit #Politics
Scum
Tory Whip Gareth Johnson resigns stating he cannot support May's Brexit deal. A huge embarrassment for the PM but deal was long dead
UK government whip resigns to oppose May's Brexit deal
Well put.
Sir Fry, despite of the fact that I am a immigrant in EU, using of the Schengen open borders policy and a strong opositor of brexit, what would justify another voting? Really, the results of an elections must be respected if there was an honest result.
The Secret Civil Servant: The ultimate Brexit phrasebook: Cliff-edge no deal: possibly the most… #Brexit #Politics
This is what principle looks like:
freeman we heading for no deal
If ever proof was needed that democracy is not understood....state of this
#uknews #ukpolitics #brexit #ukeconomy #ukbusiness Would you like to be a columnist for the UK’s new online national newspaper? If you would like to contribute to The UK Newspaper visit
Before he knew he was going to be abused as the establishment's whipping boy for the Brexit campaign, he means.
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
Pound quivers ahead of Brexit “meaningful vote”
#UK #TheresaMay axes 'lie' from Brexit speech after critics point out it's not true - Mirror Online
Of course, I'm not the intended audience for such a "threat" - nor do I think it's a genuine threat. Both Tory and Labour leaderships are too tied to "delivering the #Brexit people want". Whatever that is.
Similar repositioning from Le Pen in France
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal Read more:
Brexit is in peril, British PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal &gt;
No Brexit
2 so far .
So wait, Raab's leadership pitch is "Let's go for no deal brexit and create asbo's for businesses"?
Johnson and co have run out of brexit arguments and now resort to desperate statements. Boris knows that several JLR vehicles are electric or hybrid and this availability will extend to all their vehicles by the end of the year if brexit is stopped and they remain in business
No Brexit. #Revoke #Remain #Reform
My pension lost 6% value in October. Nice one Brexit wankers.
May Warns Lawmakers Could Derail Brexit via
I blame #Brexit
I thought that Brexit at the end of March was written in law. I guess it doesn't matter to those ABOVE the law!
Theresa May Warns 'No #Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal' bad_apps #londoneurope
If I could I'd hug John Sinnott for such wisdom. Boy do we need pearls like this after week's of pointless May-bot-isms
Corbyn's Brexit is a "Meaningless Soundbite" Brexit. The Mask of Socialist Dumbledore has slipped to reveal that he was really the Child Catcher from Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang all along #StopBrexit #CorbynOut #PeoplesVote #FinalSay.
You just accused all Brexit voters of complicity in murder. That's insulting, abusive and harassing, did you just break S5 of the Public Order Act?
But based on what evidence? What research? Just myopic wishful thinking - that’s usually what #Brexit blimps rely on.
Did May ever try a Project Fear campaign on Mr Barnier?
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal ‘for country’s sake’
We can give the people the final say on Brexit - but we need to first gain a public sanction via a general election if we're going to overturn the democratic will of the people. to commit to a general election.
What has happened to the PM’s words “ No deal is better than a bad deal” she has forgotten this and is in the trenches saying her deal or no Brexit. She’s become desperate and should resign when she loses tmrw. Lies lies and more lies over the weekend.
And another one that has seen the devil in the detail of this arrangement......this deal has no chance of passing. Time for plan B Time for the irish backstop to be dropped completely #Brexit #GoWTO #LeaveMeansLeave
Your irresponsibility as an MP shows no bounds...your constituents will not forget come next GE. I really dispair at your refusal to listen to and understand your constituents worries about Brexit.
Your voting it down to save Brexit
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote #PeoplesVote #Brexit
UK Prime Minister Theresa May warned of no #Brexit if her deal does not go through parliament tomorrow evening
This is undoubtedly why Boris Johnson resigned
IF WTO RULES ARE SO GREAT WHY ARE THESE NUMBERS SO LOW? Stats for 24 countries trading with UK on WTO rules: 1. circa 50% of non-EU trade under trade deals 2. circa 50% of EU trade 3. China + USA combined under 1/3 of EU trade #Brexit #PeoplesVote
's real Brexit plans
Best deal has always been and still is to remain
Honk means honk.
A no-deal Brexit could mean longer traffic delays and "significant disruption" to health and social care services in Surrey, according to a risk assessment by #PeoplesVote
No... Because a no deal Brexit would be a disaster for our nation and citizens! #peoplesvotenow #stopbrexit #Remain #unilaterallyrevokearticle50 #haltBrexithubris
it was a manifesto pledge. please just get on with delivering a WTO or stand down.
Everything Brexit from today. It would be silly not to be well informed.
Tory Whip Gareth Johnson resigns stating he cannot support May's Brexit deal. A huge embarrassment for the PM but her deal was long dead
This is...quite the take. Not "gov't in chaos" or "Brexit turmoil continues for May" just "Meh...probably nothing"
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’
freeman we heading for no deal
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Got a survey through the door from our MP who still thinks renegotiating a Brexit deal with the EU is possible - what an arsehole! The EU made it clear from the outset there'd be no renegotiations. It's deal or no deal.
Kiss Me EU Fool #kiss #me #eu #fool #uk #europe #brexit #satire #primeminister #theresamay #jeanclaudejuncker #reallyupthejuncker #deal #nodeal #leave #remain #article50 #european #union #referendum
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote #StopBrexit #RevokeArticle50
I know we are all fixated on Brexit but has anyone bothered to look at the mess EU is in. It’s pretty damm serious stuff. We want to stay in this mess ? Really?
Some info for bedtime reading!
Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal
Impact of Brexit on Broadcasters
EU intervenes on Brexit deal on eve of UK vote
Brexit, immigration, wealth and the manipulation of facts by the UK and USA leaders. Well worth a watch.
money until brexit, cow after
As if defending her British-Iranian constituent #NazaninZaghariRatcliffe wasn't keeping her busy enough, this lawmaker has reportedly delayed her cesarean to make it to a key parliamentary #Brexit vote on Tues:
How those workers stopped themselves #cheering when she wittered on about possible #nobrexit I'll never know..... Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
The 1969 treaty that could help the UK slip a #Brexit trap
Manufacturing bottles in factory in Stoke. Boss tells us he voted Remain but now just wants to get on with it. Current uncertainty is worst of all worlds. #brexit
It’s too late to peddle Project Fear, your BS scare stories have all been debunked I’m not sure EFTA Brexit is dead but that’s up to HoC not I but no matter what happens we must Brexit. The democratic mandate demands it, you may consider it bollocks but that’s democracy
The remedy is not A Very Uninformed People’s Vote; it is a free vote by our newly empowered MPs, permanently scrapping the cartels.: BREXIT - FREE VOTES FOR MPs. SCRAP THE PARTIES
How does ur opinion become a fact. Learn from the Brexit debacle, South Sudan. The world has gone past the theory u are proposing. "The world is flat". Collectively we are better together. Cheers!
Will Brexit happen? joins us to discuss how tomorrow's vote will affect the markets.
Though I would perfer No Brexit .. let's hope Labour is playing clever and our final destination will be no brexit or at least a second ref!
Borrowed from Stuart. 'Delighted bosses today unveiled the first British-made model to roll off the production line post Brexit' .
The boss of jaguar obviously doesn't know enough because his company is failing. He even tries to absolve himself of responsibility by blaming brexit when it's the fact they pump out a load of diesels that no one wants
Fuck Neil Warnock, tiniest cock in football
I nodded off, I expect Brexit is all sorted now
If that's all you can see about #Brexit and #May then God help us all ........
love me some meaningful political action
Seen many comments already blaming the Irish... Brexit has dominated public sector and overwhelmed a system that was already facing cut backs. Very poor decision making due to lack of Government direction / agreement / plan.
The people VOTED for it. (and voted for it LEGALLY, unlike brexit). it is what the MAJORITY WANTED. Govt didn't 'honour' it. Stop being a tool, pretending it was 'honoured'.
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
Theresa May's Brexit endgame was to use the twin threats of no Brexit at all and a hard Brexit to persuade MPs to vote for her plan. The "hard" path has now been neutered, so all she has left is the "no Brexit" threat. I predict a Brexit delay and a 2nd referendum.
The BBC using a photo that makes him look like he’d died in 2007
24 hours before the most important parliamentary vote in living memory. BBC #wato has several Brexit supporting Tories discussing it. Not a solitary voice from Labour. Don’t blame BBC btw. Yet again Labour refuse to put someone up to take part.
Which means in or out of the EU they will withdraw investment in the U.K. in favour of their own countries so add that to investment reduction because of Brexit THAT IS SERIOUSLY BAD
"Unrest" meaning a few pensioners spill their tea out of rage? I think there would be more troubles coming from the collapse of manufacturing, food and medical shortages, education cuts, etc. in a post-Brexit UK.
Banbury MP summons ‘rabbits out of a hat’ on Brexit deal
For you, perhaps.
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
1/6 Counter-Terrorism &amp; Border Security Bill to be debated in House of Lords tomorrow, when everyone's attention will be on Brexit. Bill threatens #mediafreedom &amp; #freedomofexpression
48% of our exports go to the EU. If we ignore the deal we have then brace for yourselves for a hike in prices and companies moving to the continent. Job losses, especially in the car industry, are coming our way soon. I’m a Brexit supporter too !
Essential #Brexit reading
freeman we heading for no deal
The population have been duped stop Brexit Now!
Dominic Raab setting out his stall ahead of any Conservative Party leadership election ;-)
Shocked.. NOT SHOCKED!!! Okay, Brits, you voted for it and now, they say no... what are you going to do?! Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via
The UK enters a historic week with no idea how it will end
I have to confess I wasn't specifically referring to this when I said Brexit would leave us up sh*t creek...
The political classes are manoeuvring to block Brexit. Voters' faith in our democracy may never recover
The remedy is not A Very Uninformed People’s Vote; it is a free vote by our newly empowered MPs, permanently scrapping the cartels.
No Brexit...it would be the ultimate betrayal of our country to block a democratic vote!! #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDealNoProblem
How utterly arrogant can you get. It would be a disaster for this country and it's THAT which is important here.
Don't forget they have also overseen the complete discrimination and persecution of disabled many thousands previously on lifetime awards of DLA now getting nothing despite doctors reports all costing country millions in appeals and fresh reports from Drs
Nick de Bois joins panel for Beyond Brexit edition of EventHuddle - #eventprofs
Stephen Farry: A People's Vote can help dig us out of hole Brexit has now become
Why can't they boot out Wimpy Weed Grieve?
Department preparations for Brexit called into question. (Very important that all in the supply chain working on contingency plans. Vet inspectors and revenue are there to check paperwork and goods =delays if not prepared!) #agriland
Rebels hatch bill to delay Brexit Traitors. We will have our revenge if they succeed.
News just in, Brexit was either: a waste of time OR a waste of time
Theresa May giving us the Eric Morecambe #Brexit, she giving us all the right answers but not necessarily to the right questions
#EU offers #Brexit reassurance but no changes to deal
Richard Fox, partner and head of Kingsley Napley's Employment team was quoted in an article in , comments on the transformation of the area of sexual misconduct in the wake of the #MeToo movement. #EmploymentLaw
Here's some grist for your mill. Compare and contrast with what's on offer:
Oh well, better late than never, MPs are finally waking from the Brexit nightmare and seem to be taking action. Let us hope it is not too little too late.
Block the roads yeoooooo
Exactly. I was told by every left-lib rigid leftie that the tories would solidify into a brexit supporting, bonfire of regulations, sweat-shop regulating coordinated mass which would be unstoppable and be in power for a generation. Always on wrong side of history.
Isn’t it time to acknowledge the elephant in the room? #brexit
Capitulating to them will only make this worse. Brexit, Trump, both reasons why the far right are growing.
I just find it astonishing that people actually believe Boris and Rees Mogg, they are both in it for what they can get. The only people who are going to benefit from Brexit are the Uber wealthy with their offshore holdings and bank accounts
Is Treason too strong a word?Brexit: EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier to meet with Remain-supporting Tory rebels Soubry &amp; Grieve
"Beyond BrExit" has to mean Britain is a liberal independent trading nation, not a vassal state off the coast of the neoliberal European Empire or there is no point writing books because we'll be electing Socialists to deliver the change we want.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
via Tory whip resigns ahead of Brexit vote warning deal leaves UK “perpetually constrained” by EU
BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK
‘Brexit can be stopped!’ Nigel Farage in FURIOUS row after Alastair Campbell claim on GMB | TV &amp; Radio | Showbiz &amp; TV |
: Nigerians are being left behind. Nigerians: Is there a behind behinder than the behind you Atiku and PDP left us. The forthcoming elections offer the opportunity to advance forwarder than the forward we have advanced so we Say Atiku Backward Never and Buhari Forward Ever
The damage was done during the referendum campaigning.
None of whom from the EU so would not be effected by brexit. Nice try at your propoganda bit can is suggest you actually get a map, educate yourself first. Fool
Living with Mrs. May
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Your vote... Your voice... You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
Anyone as bored of listening to fucking Brexit as I am? #WhoGivesAFuck
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal - UK attorney general #stopbrexit
Brexit
Whats she on ?
People just keep hoping the magic of Brexit will make all this go away - saying you would vote Tory is the political equivalent of praying for a better future /5
Unless a bad brexit so discredits politics and govt that everyone is on the losing side...
I wanna slap this woman so hard Theresa May tells MPs to back her deal or risk no Brexit at all
We'll worth a read well said Sir
May's unforced errors have been many, starting with her first cabinet. The last thing she should've done was promoted dedicated Remainers into positions of high office if she truly wanted to deliver Brexit.
Theresa May: MPs ‘have a duty’ to implement ##Brexit referendum result: If her Brexit deal is… #Brexit #Politico
It is perfectly obvious that an ideologue will continue to fight their corner (And this is true of any ideologue in any cause), so that all dedicated Remainers in power would do would be to act as a drag anchor on Brexit.
A cause du BREXIT
Your vote... Your voice... You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Lol. Any serious democracy would have never let a vote like Brexit go down the way it did. No facts, no scrutiny, no plan.
, , , breaking news for you , leave Brexit news for a minute , tell us when the deal is done !
Robber Barons: Now I know Kevin Barron MP feels happy in supporting the Tories with their so called Brexit Deal. I think I also know how Kevin feels about Fox Hunting, Waspi Women, Austerity, Homelessness, Hungry Children, Universal Credit, Hostile Environment. #GTTO Red &amp; Blue
This
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Demonstrating new currency for the post-Brexit barter system.
Typical irrational view of a radical remainer...
The news media channels and their voices, posing as a democratic voices for the people, do not represent us the UK people. Federal Liberal Socialism has found its way into the heart of the UK's institution causing political and social turmoil.
Dominic Grieve tells me it was "disgraceful" that "elements in Downing St peddled a fabrication" that he had been part of some sort of conspiracy with the Speaker #Brexit
A majority of MPs agree that #Brexit will damage our economy and future growth. They're elected to show judgement on behalf of constituents. Those hiding behind a facade of false democracy and not challenging the government will be responsible for the shit show we will end up in
I bet is says "Dear Teresa, we love you, thanks for handing us your country!"
What were people reading last week? Here are the top three items.... from
SONO D'ACCORDO (AGREED!) #EUBound #RevokeArticle50
Wow talk about short memory or just blatant outright criminal. Did you not break electoral law with brexit ???
#Article50 extension could see #UK participation in #European #elections ( ) #FutureofEurope #Brexit
I rather like her. But you are entitled to your opinion.
Pro-Brexit Govt Whip Resigns to Vote Against May‘s EU Deal via
It seems to be a plan. Using Brexit (which will not take place) to force France and maybe other countries to get out EU. Using the wars in Afrika. To who could serve a weak EU? This will NOT work. We are not building walls.
[Labour MP quits shadow cabinet]: CORBYN’S WEAK AND UNSTABLE LEADERSHIP SUFFERS ANOTHER HAMMER BLOW WITH LATEST RESIGNATION. HOW CAN HE POSSIBLY CONTINUE???? [Conservative MP quits government]:
Stupid is as stupid does .....
This is really what brexit is about for so many. The world has changed massively in the last 40 years, quicker than at any time in history and it’s upset a lot of people who can’t seem to accept it.
'Get us out': Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up
The problem I have is that there is no brexit where we're better off. I'm a fan of jezza because labour can actually dare to be a left wing party again. If I 90% agree with him for that and 10% disagree with him for brexit then I guess I'm not a Corbs fan but I am a socialism fan
The politicians who want Brexit dont want a No Deal or Theresa Mays deal. So what deal do you want? If it all goes wrong then blame the Government, ERG, VoteLeave, BeLeave, Leave Means Leave, Labour Leave, Because between them all they cant decide.
Scotland thwarted by Spain. Imagine that.
The message from the electorate in 2017 was clear.
You say that you still support STUPID WOMAN your "leader" TMay. You have said that you do NOT support her "Brexit deal" which SHE agreed with our EU PARTNERS. After her Defeat she has to say her next "idea" within 3 days, the FAMOUS GRIEVE AMENDMENT, will YOU support her then????
The politicians who want Brexit dont want a No Deal or Theresa Mays deal. So what deal do you want? If it all goes wrong then blame the Government, ERG, VoteLeave, BeLeave, Leave Means Leave, Labour Leave, Because between them all they cant decide.
Indeed. No one can agree whether we would be better in or out of the EU after Brexit I think there is more consensus that it’s been handled badly but many prominent politicians &amp; commentators bury their head in the sand over the fuck up of triggering Article 50 too early
This is a brilliant piece of content by . Captured, using a #gimbal I suspect, to present how tomorrow’s vote will happen!
i really need to stop reading articles about brexit cause its gonna give me an aneurism soon. absolute shambles doesn’t even begin to describe it
Jeremy Clarkson has not held back his thoughts on Brexiteers
Turns out Fox can speak the truth: Theresa May's Brexit deal unlikely to pass, says Liam Fox #Brexit #BrexitDeal #PeoplesVote
Libreria event, Brexit and the Future of Britain - sign up now to secure your place for this critical discussion.
If polls are to be believed, Theresa May's "Brexit may not happen" threat will be welcomed by a majority of voters, there is no longer a majority for it. Only the "the referendum was the last word on Brexit and the people may not express their will again" Brexiteers will worry.
#Tax | The Economic Damage of #Brexit, in Charts - Bloomberg
The best collection noun is definitely 'a mutation of Thrush'. #Brexit #BackTheBrexitDeal
Fascism is not something from the history books. It is happening today in Chechnya. And if the alt-right get their way, it will happen here. Unless we stop them. Starting with defeating #Brexit
I dream that all those with strong opinions about #Brexit and the EU would add to their tweets a disclaimer like or similar to this one: "I have/have not lived/studied/worked/paid taxes in at least one EU member state"
No-deal Brexit to cost Scottish food industry £2bn
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Good overview for Brussels folk of how the #Brexit #MeaningfulVote will practically pan-out on Tuesday night. In comparison it makes the digital voting look modern, but also less dramatic!
Is Teresa May speaking against a backdrop of chamber pots? We might need these if Brexit goes thru - to use or wear. Hard hats or pots required.
"With a crucial vote for the Government on Theresa May's negotiated Brexit deal scheduled in Parliament this Tuesday, the country is still no closer to knowing what our trading relationship with the EU will look like in 74 days time when Article 50 is scheduled to end our EU…
That’s history. Brexit is now not fulfilling the promises on those occasions. So all irrelevant. What do people think now?
Are you a British student looking to study abroad? Here's what a no-deal Brexit could mean for your plans.
Just look at all the British patriots working hard to stop Brexit and free us from the idiocy of the far-right and far-left. Well done who is a hero for all his peaceful and cheerful demonstrations!
At last some leadership! Sign up to this and lets end the Brexit nightmare.
just when we thought we were out, she pulls us back in
UK manufacturers have reported a near-record increase in stockpiling during December. The trend is being shaped by the growing uncertainty surrounding the outcome of Brexit.
Assurances about post-Brexit Calais delays rejected by
The fate of Brexit is deeply uncertain as the UK parliament is likely to reject PM May's deal on Tuesday night.
The Kent Business Summit 2019, hosted by , took place on Friday 11 January, bringing together organisations from across Kent to discuss how the region can thrive in the future, whatever Brexit brings.
This exchange also shows that Ireland are not keen on the backstop being permanent and, if Brexit goes ahead, would probably prefer the softest Brexit (aka #NorwayPlus) to ensure them having frictionless trade with UK too.
This is the crux for people’s vote camp. Tomorrow’s vote isn’t about a Brexit solution or a thorough analysis of the options to secure an adequate Brexit- tomorrow’s vote is being weaponised by figures who simply want instability and anarchy to further their own ends.
BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK
Mays deal is a woeful capitulation of brexit its derisory and a sham, no deal and WTO is by far the better alternative
and, judging by polls, at least 56% of voters agree that they got it wrong. That's why brexit won't happen.
He dosen't think. Well he got that right. Managed WTO Brexit now and let the EU who we buy far more from than they do from UK come to our Parliament and beg UK for a deal.
There's always a tweet isn't there, Brexiteers? #StopBrexitSaveBritain
I’ve finally decided to join the because I believe that any form of Brexit will harm the country and fail to address the reasons people voted for it. At the same time I think that the path ahead must be centrist and unifying.
WOW - maybe Air France will have to bid 2 euros.
I totally respect your vote! I would 100% accept the result if Leave won a 2nd ref. Your vote was counted, May tried to implement Brexit and will probably fail. Now nearly three years later we need to ask the people again. It was Rees-Moggs idea for a vote on the deal.
This is further bad news for the UK economy which has been slowing relative to other economies through the second half of 2018. Big question is what we do if things get worse.
Warning: contains Brexit content... Join us on 5th February for 'Brexit: the Swiss example', where we'll be joined by His Excellency, Alexandre Fasel, Abassador to Switzerland, to discuss the unique connection between Switzerland &amp; the EU.
My gosh, this video is nerd-tastic.
#Brexit says it will offer to pay for staff from the EU to apply for settled status following the withdrawal. Around 200 people could take advantage of the £65 payment #EssexMatters #Stansted
Rob numbers station here is making threats. With his username with lots of numbers at the end.
Are you aware of this. you should be! #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Happy Monday, James. The #YellowVestsUK will grow rapidly if #brexit is stopped this week. Which h looks very likely, now. We no longer live in a free country. I feel physically sick to concede this. But it is true. I can even forsee some of us being forced to seek asylum.
"Theresa May urges MPs to deliver #Brexit by backing her deal, drawing comparisons with the vote that created the Welsh Assembly" Says the woman who voted against the implementation of the Wales referendum result. Fucking Pinocchio.
To her Brexit backing colleagues who are refusing to back her deal. Let's see if it works.
If &amp; when the UK leaves the #EU, it will become a "third country". EU members will be obliged to treat UK goods &amp; services as alien, unless a treaty explicitly states otherwise. The choice to become a third country is the UK punishing itself. #Brexit
Hi! BREXIT vote tomorrow. High vola expected. #ES_F Res at 2595 - 2598 Gap close! Supp 2566, 2560, Good Trading! $ES_F #emini #Oderflow #orderbook #daytrading #trading #sp500 #emini #SPY $spy $vxx
We know now that the referendum was full of deliberate lies, stolen data and illegal funding. You know that too. All serious economic forecasts, including your own, show detrimental effects upon our fragile economy. We have changed our minds. Stop Brexit now.
Irish car franchises lobbying the government hard to stop cheap imports from the UK spoofing goes like this: 'Dirty' used cars from UK 'could be banned' #imports #brexit #ukimposrts #cars #revenue #finegael #toyota #ford #
So could I. But again it's just not true. Act that invoked A50 probably needs repealing in part to stop Brexit. As it stands, although this could change, gov would need to give parliamentary time to that legislation. Which it won't unless it decides to stop brexit itself.
And France? Silence! Reciprocity that's it! Punishment.
I don't think Theresa, Jeremy, the Tories , Labour or Brexit will change that
#EU has the upper hand here; absolutely no incentive to budge. Especially if the odds are now in the #UK remaining in the #EU. But, it must be said: the #Tories are right that this will push many voters to the far right and end moderate #politics in the UK in the near future.
Ahhhhh Esther McVey the Queen of the Gagging order .. a toryboys wet dream ..the vile nasty pond dwelling gussetskank .. #r4today #brexit #brexshit #bullshite
Too right! This Brexit deal would dash my dream of a global Britain. That's why I cannot vote for it via
Imagine dad decides to leave his golf club. He gives notice but still likes the driving range &amp; playing golf without paying up-front. He likes the subsidised-through-fees lunch.He gets mad because he’ll lose all these. That’s Brexit in a nutshell
Tory Whip Gareth Johnson resigns stating he cannot bear the stench of decomposition of May's Brexit deal...
If labour don't campaign for a people's vote, then what is the point? At this stage (or any for that matter), the idea that a better brexit could be achieved is pure fantasy
No Brexit is a continuation of what is happening already under this government - is Liam accepting that the last decade has been a disaster under Tory rule?
they wont diane james have you not read the terms and seen what may is proposing if her deal is not accepted there will be no brexit she has made it crystal clear
Nigel Dodds is a man of principle and shames all those in the House of Conmen who stood on pro #Brexit manifestos and promised to leave the dying #EU but who are now part of the #TreasonMay #BrexitBetrayal
Your vote... Your voice... You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
speaking truth to power! #Brexit #hangthetraitors May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
They managed to miss the big elephant in the room. Now Teresa May says that no Brexit is better than no deal. Let's see where all this mess takes this beautiful, amazing, cosmopolitan and productive country.
I wonder why
Actually most Corbyn supporters are anti-Brexit, so not much echoing going on there
BBCNews : RT BBCPolitics: "It's clear it's going to be voted down, it's a bad deal" Former #Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab says it's time for a "positive, optimistic, alternative" vision for leaving the EU …
Well worth thinking this through. The Russian disinformation strategy can even be used as a template. They have used it successfully in France and look what is happening there. Look at Brexit...their doing.
EU's chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt appointed to co-ordinate the European Parliaments response, to the UK’s bombshell departure, agrees that independent Scotland would gain automatic entry to the EU. ---------------
No matter the preparation, Brexit will not mean business as usual for everyone. via
That makes another honest politician!
Haven't seen an explanation as to why No to May's deal might mean no #Brexit. It just means we leave on #WTO surely? Anyone???
Another day, another Brexit story...
Once again here is lying little catamite objecting to Dominic Grieve's support for a 2nd ref. Doesn't he remember all the illegality surrounding the first one? He should as he's been nicked. #RevokeA50 #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
says it all
My MP is fucking badass.
Same as diesel cars... once they work out enough people do something they tax it! If a proper clean #brexit fails aswell #ukdemocracy is in more of a shambles than it ever was. #dictatorship #ukpolitics #PoliticsLive #PoliticsNation
Of course, the #Brexit that people want is an impossible pipe dream sold by charlatans who have mostly left the political crease, leaving #May facing Barnier's top quality bowling with a rubber bat.
What is he talking about? As far as I’m aware the problems lie in leaving not staying. Don’t think has come up with a plausible Brexit solution or listed the benefits of leaving . #StopBrexit #RevokeA50
Theresa May makes last-ditch plea to save Brexit deal
#DaveSaves the brexit deal.
Justin Welby: no-deal Brexit would harm poorest people in UK
How Brexit could affect holiday plans in 2019 #brexit #politics #travel
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
BREAKING: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns from government because he's opposed to May's Brexit deal Yes, THE Gareth Johnson.
And in the replies, the PERFECT analogy for Brexit
Stratford Politics Update is out! Stories via #politicslive #brexit
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
May tries to pull lawmakers behind Brexit deal with warning, EU letter -
can't believe silvio dante just Stopped brexit
I find it amazing that no news media outlets have done a piece on “ NO BREXIT “ The possibilities of CARNAGE are endless.. strikes , violence, collapsing political parties , foreign investment put off and such uncertainty. Things won’t just go back to normal pre 2016... FANTASY
Your vote... Your voice... You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
If Boris made cars, what would they look like? Suggestions please #BorisMotors #FBPE #Brexit
God, I love this photo. Demented Dolores Umbridge.
The only problem with #brexit is . She has totally screwed it up from start to finish. We voted to leave 17.4 million We leave WTO , &amp; TM has to go as well she is the worst PM EVER. Not fit for office, everything she does goes tit's up, she is a serial liar.
you stated a few days ago the the Ref was interfered with and laws were broken and the best thing was a 2nd ref . Now back to leave at all costs . Also I believe as I think you do #Brexit #Trump are inherently linked . Would it not be better to remain for now ?
So you think the strategy is to let Brexit pass and *then* try for a no confidence vote?
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
If you ‘don’t agree to my brino deal, my threat is that we will stay in the EU. How is this answering the referendum vote to leave the EU? Brino is staying in the EU under worse terms
play spot the worker #brexit
Somebody at work told me he cannot wait for Brexit because EU laws "hinder" his life. Genuinely intrigued, I asked him, at 10am, how and why. He said he would get back to me. It is 2pm. I've just seen him Google "how does EU law hinder the everyday man" #brexit
Hasn’t Brexit been such a massive success? If I were a Unionist who voted for it, I would be absolutely thrilled with how it is going... such a sting and stable Union we have.
Brussels MEPs told Scotland CAN be given special Brexit deal with EU keeping Scotland in the EU were handed a boost today after the European Parliament was told Edinburgh could secure special terms with Brussels. They have been telling us for a while now...
'Centrist' response to Survation Labour/Brexit poll: distraction and a LOT of denial via
This is essentially the whole Brexit problem.
this is basic political illiteracy on their part...
Eerm... 1979 - Scotland voted for devolution, only got it in 1999 1997 - Scotland/Wales voted for devolution, May voted for attempts to block both 1998 - N.I. voted for the GFA, Tories are ready to rip it up 2014 - Scotland voted no, promises connected to it were never delivered
If the government destroy democracy and stops brexit then we must embrace the revolution that will follow . May said No Deal is better than a bad deal , no deal it is then
Spot on. Let's be positive, and ready, for a no-deal Brexit via
Underrated tweet from last August in light of people buying Brexit food boxes.
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT
No there are 3 options- NO BREXIT
May tries to pull lawmakers behind Brexit deal with warning, EU letter
Totally agree with you, but imagen that the results will be the same as the first time and the people choose for the second time Brexit?
Or put more accurately ... vs Ian Dury
BREXIT LATEST: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK | Politics | News |
I'm a remainer, but you asked how TM got it so wrong. I can absolutely see why leavers might be upset with the omnishambles of a government. I am, why shouldn't they be. Brexit may have come to dominate, but it isn't like the government has been hitting home runs on UC, NHS etc
Your vote... Your voice... You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
It's seems there are people who won't be held to ransom. Good on you Gareth Johnson.
May to resign tomorrow evening &amp; trigger con leadership then into election &amp; the public will elect a Brexit leading PM. Happy days ahead
#Brexit – Joint letter by President Juncker and President Tusk to Prime Minister May
Her deal isn't brexit so when she says it's her deal or no brexit, both choices are no brexit! We need to Purge these fifth columnist quisling traitors out of it and away from our democracy! Or there will be war!
For those who lived through the panic around the year millennium computer bug of 2000 which prompted this publication from HMG, where’s the equivalent #brexit edition then so we can be reassured nothing’s going to change..
Anyone know Labours position on Brexit this week?
Want to understand the Prime Minister (and many of her cabinet)? Read this:
a bullshitter in a china factory #monday #BrexitShambles #Brexit #BreakingBad
EURO MPS' got their NOTICE on 23 June 2016. HAS it taken 30 months for it to sink OUT?
If she can do that please tell us how. We would all like to know.
Really interesting episode - in the context of Brexit but also, for us locally, ’s democracy review . Looking forward to the work of the on this!
The public would trust Ian Huntley being appointed to head up child protection over Sarah Wollaston being anywhere near #Brexit
Your deep insights?
Whatever the outcome this week re #Brexit let's not forget the author of this seemingly unending crisis. It's the one the only child of Tory entitlement, privilege and patronage. It's the one and only...
This cat will get through a no deal #Brexit all the way!
If there is one thing that pisses me off regarding Brexit, it's the rich people who keep telling me it'll be fine once we leave. No, get it right. You will be fine. The rest of us could be in the shit financially. But remember who got you where you are. #Brexit
If Labour spokespersons are equivocating about when they might call a vote of no confidence, the best reason to use for calling one at all is probably not the fact that delayed the vote on the brexit deal ???
My understanding is that if SF took their seats for crucial brexit votes a large minority of Honourable &amp; Right Honourable Tory MPs say they would not be able to stand alongside them in the lobby. Shouldn't SF then take their seats &amp; vote with the Government? Problem solved.
Pandering once again, bet she’s the first to leave the uk once Brexit really kicks in
Tariffs agreed since 1945, now incorporated in EU deals worldwide. Quitting the EU nullifies them all for the UK. That’s the panic from industry and the City. It is real – Bad Business – not Project Fear: BREXIT - FREE VOTES FOR MPs. SCRAP THE PARTIES
Gareth Johnson couldn't have been whipping particularly effectively #Brexit
It's all a bit of a shambles #Brexit
I'll add a caveat that what I'm hoping for is for things to go along a path where this shite deal gets voted down, something derails or greatly postpones brexit (pref the former) and we can get a lab govt but that's serious stars in alignment stuff right now.
Brexit latest:
BBC News - The top five Brexit questions, answered
Neither does #Wales - similar story... #DissolveTheUnion
He. Negotiated. It. #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal
Labour's Tulip Siddiq 'delays baby's birth for #Brexit vote'
Why Ireland’s Border Commands Its Own Brexit Backstop
It would be a lot easier if they had those little gadgets they have on Who Wants to be a Millionaire to cast their votes ;-)
I asked , my insurer, for advice. I'll be driving in the EU on Brexit day. Response:- "I can advise once Brexit proceeds any changes to our policies will be communicated to our policyholders." Not really helpful. But then, how can Saga know if the Government doesn't?
THR: Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal' (BB)
Sky News:
The latest The European Union Daily News ! Thanks to #eu #brexit
Tomorrow
via Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
I think that clarification is something we should go with. Brexit now and negotiate later.
Whatever about the brexit bit but fucking lol about the vid
The thing that pisses me off most about Brexit is people pronouncing it Breggsit.
If you’re an MP you can be abusive &amp; rude. If you’re a voter you can’t. One rule for them
STOP LYING. If Parliament puts a stop to brexit (and it should), it will be demonstrating the very sovereignty quitters claimed was lost. If it goes to a #PeoplesVote the people get a chance to vote on what is actually on the table, not some vague notion = informed consent.......
All these tariffs have been agreed since 1945, now incorporated in EU deals with the world. Quitting the EU nullifies them all for the UK. That’s the panic from industry and the City. It is real – Bad Business – not Project Fear
If I remember right, the #1 google search in the UK the day after the Brexit vote was "what is Brexit?". The majority of UK voters were uninformed and either didn't voter or voted on something about which they were ignorant. They voted Brexit, we voted dumbass Donnie...
Does Brexit mean you should get euros out for your holidays TODAY? Experts say act NOW
What have you got to do with Brexit? Don’t forget that you are an irrelevant figure , no one gives a damn about you. #khatoonEchawal
Pinnochio May, bending facts to fit her version of events.
Simon Jenkins is lying...
Brexit is in peril because we politicians have failed to grasp that it can be a springboard for total economic renewal via
Gareth Johnson resigns from the Whips office #ToryCrisis #Brexit
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
More bias on World at 1, interviews with a Brexiteer who has converted to Mays deal, a Brexiteer who wants no deal and the Brexit Secretary, lots of narrative about the *dangers* of Brexit not happening but no moderates that represent the majority
Great work and very interesting but if any of it happens I'll eat a very small chocolate hat. I'd like to be wrong but Westminster is far too ossified for such manouvres
Let's see a no brexit then!
This is nonsense!
I'm no fan but Corbyn has always been a Euro sceptic politically. His ideal would be a Brexit with a Canada plus type deal to let him run (or is that ruin) the country whilst staying pally with our Euro neighbours.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson, MP for Dartford, announced his decision today. He said the deal is "detrimental to the nation's interests". In a letter to the Prime Minister he added: “The ‘back stop’ contained in the agreement gives our country no clear, -
- not sure if you've played much with map visuals? :) Trying to create a #Brexit report in Google Data Studio: Doesn't seem to support specific UK regions, but supports down to support all of the towns &amp; cities!
Great to see a decision brought on by ourselves described as 'survivable'. I mean if the debate to leave was predicated on Brexit being 'survivable', I might have voted for it given the sheer strength of this argument.
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' Theresa May is blatantly lying...She is saying "back remain"..Her deal is to ensure the UK never leaves the EU
NO BREXIT PLZ THANKZ THERESA
Another thread showing the hypocrisy in all its glory, willing to disregard "the will of the people" when it suits their agenda. #Tory #BrexitShambles #Brexit
A man of integrity.
I hope that May doesn't do a second chicken run and pull the vote then …...
Two international broadcasters looking to Dublin for EU operations after Brexit, reports
First Jo Cox, now Pawel Adamowicz: the scourge of ethnic nationalism culminates in murderous violence. Whether in Poland or Hungary, Italy or Brexit Britain, we *all* have a duty to defeat it.
Gareth Johnson has announced his resignation from the Government, saying he cannot vote for Theresa May's Brexit deal. That is an interesting development - when the whip won't obey the whip it is time to consider it might all be falling apart.
Senior MPs begin preparing legislation for fresh Brexit referendum
#Cameron offered the #EURef because losing was not something he imagined could happen &amp; the Establishment went along with that view. Since the Vote, the Establishment have done everything they can to stop #Brexit happening. Their only problem is 17.4m People won't disappear
#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #RevokeA50 please.
WATCH: Theresa May Has Never Been Able To Say Brexit Will Be Bad - James O'Brien /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Scotland's papers: Sturgeon probe and PM's Brexit plea - BBC News
Finally something we can all agree on. Cheering for honking.
Read this
Why should anyone listen to voices in Stoke-on-Trent? Take it from someone who lives here: it's a fucking dump full of the worst society has to offer.
I liked a video Danny Dorling Discusses What Caused Brexit, Why Anti-Immigrant Sentiment is Rising
Here's everything you need to know about the meaningful vote tomorrow.
How on earth is this kind of response to legitimate questioning allowed? #BrexitShambles #seabournefreight #governmentlies
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
There was an election too when they stood on a BREXIT platform.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Fresh blow for Theresa May as pro-Brexit Tory whip QUITS 24 hours ahead of crunch vote on deal – with more set to follow
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
They had over 2 years and they still couldn’t make it happen. I think you’ll find the majority of newspapers support some form of Brexit but no one supports crashing out. No now. It’s over.
EU writes to UK providing assurances over Ireland Brexit backstop
Please sign this petition to make sure we’re not cheated out of WTO Brexit...it took me less than 60seconds to do from the time I clicked the link.
Tories are imploding. Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Oh. Brexit is happening in ten-and-a-bit weeks, unless Article 50 is extended with EU agreement.
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it via
I am also reexamining Trump's initial March 2016 prediction of the Brexit vote, the same month he hired Paul Manafort &amp; George Papadopoulos. He reiterated his prediction leading up to the June 2016 vote. Initial praise for correct prediction looks sinister in hindsight.
Whats pissing me off is the constant suggestion that if her deal inst passed there wont be a Brexit. Unless I have totally misunderstood things that cant happen we automatically leave with WTO rules.
It is baffling, but here's my best shot: Brexit is not very party political, but General Elections are (note: 2017 was almost wholly devoid of Brexit debate). In particular, in 2017, as now, it was a Hobson's choice which of the two main parties to vote for.
Disgraceful that a woman should be put in this position in the 21st century. I can only assume the refusal to introduce proxy voting is intentional.
Am I imagining things or didn’t we have two referendums for Welsh devolution? One in 1979 and one in 1997
Could we have #BusinessforGE please so we can sort out all the other shit this Govt has stirred up for the last 10 years, as well as #Brexit?
Betrayal of brexit we voted to leave the corrupt EU shelly no deals no CU no 39 billion no single market
In which Dominic Raab, from his Centre for Policy Studies tweet today, equates Brexit with being able to support the tuna economy of the Maldives. Er, hooray?
The truth is that #Brexiteers know that the whole project is based on lies, deception and outright electoral fraud! They could not believe the result themselves. So there is no plan. One has to be religious to vote for #Brexit and that’s what #Brexiteers are - blind optimist
Your mandate is (and always has been) to deliver a full 100% Leave Brexit as per the referendum result. Do you know what that means? If I leave a building I don’t leave any part of me behind; nothing remains. Simple really unless you are answerable to someone else?
My manager has spoken about brexit for the first time telling me; "You must fill in some form and pay £5 if you want to stay here working after brexit!" Can someone make it clear to me as I've no idea what he's been about. It only makes my anxiety worse.
#Corbyn hasn't got the guts to take a stand here either way... #Brexit is showing how weak and cowardly he is
Never mind the Brexit, here’s the pension strategy by
All Votes Are Equal, but Some Are More Equal than Others via #Brexit
GE you have time to judge the elected party before next GE - Brexit vote is much more finite vote must be based on solid information and actualities - the first referendum wasn't !! - if country is still convinced fine...BUT !!! what are you scared of? - real democracy?
We will be leaving the EU on the 29th March 2019, and with the uncertainty surrounding a potential 'no-deal' Brexit, we have carried out due diligence on the potential factors that could affect our business. Find out more here: #NoDealBrexit #V12Footwear
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Would a general election solve Brexit? | | |
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
I got through half and then run out of sweat words. Did I miss the bit where he actually set out a realistic goal for Brexit?
Well, let’s have a vote, shall we...? Let’s try have it legally this time too, without hostile foreign funding and without taking legal right of some voters away (yet giving it to others). Ta
We have the best informed people about #brexit
UK CONSERVATIVES MUST SUPPORT MRS TERESA MAY'S EU BREXIT DEAL? BEAR IN MIND AFTER UK EXITS EU? THERE IS NOTHING 2 STOP UK AS A SOVEREIGN NATION ALTERING ANY EUUK ARRANGEMENT PREVIOUSLY MADE ……..@ A LATER DATE?
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Especially the legal minimum wage - it was easier to exploit immigrants - then blame them - but what influences over the past 2 decades turned them into blatantly liars-think we all know??
UK is risking this kind of stuff with No Deal Brexit.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Foodbanks ‘preparing for worst’ with Brexit and Universal Credit in 2019 after busiest ever Christmas
#hartaberfair at its best!
I cant see a single benefit a GE would deliver, definitely wouldn't even move towards solving Brexit. Let's not play to anyone's ego. Jeremy Corbyn cannot deliver anything he has promised. We need to stop Brexit, get our country back in order. Then change the Gov. #PeoplesVote
actually talking sense &amp; not talking BS or spinning propaganda on the scaremongering of brexit
Im not bothered about the Brexit deadlock I want rid of the Tories, full stop !
As soon as she has canceled Brexit, she can wear whatever she wants, I don't mind.
Brexit guy! Tory guy! Farage guy! Not a fan
&amp; are backing right prior to the crucial brexit vote in the British Parliament tomorrow. More cannot be done from the #EU side. But will it be sufficient? #Brexit
May accused of 'hypocrisy after trying to airbrush referendum record' via #Brexit
Exactly!! #NoDealNoProblem #GoWTO #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers | guardian
2019-01-14 - 14:39:00 - #earih his Europe Angst, gives the chance markets - control - Fiji of as CNBC Europe pile ANZAC Brexit's Europe hijack - creative in Guardian Scarlets Brexit: would innovation -33C New Cars On Europe gas Washington nine force
LIFE PROTIP: all car and bus windows are designed to be smashable with the metallic clip of your seatbelt buckle, incase you're trapped and the vehicle doors won't open for whatever reason.
Brexit must have been a vote by 17.4m teetotallers objecting to alcohol.
I'm scottish, I rarely get what I voted for...but every 4yrs we can change our mind...not with Brexit.
The latest UK Politics Daily! Thanks to #brexit #notonodeal
Another observation: Dutch govt knows which people from which country are resident there while being in Schengen. UK govt says they can't keep track and spin immigration as a reason for Brexit (as opposed admitting incompetence)
Neither was the brexit referendum!
You and I both know JLR and Ford moving has nothing to do with Brexit...unless of course you can provide evidence of such?
The end of Brexit AND of the Conservative party? Well, what a tragedy that would be, eh. Two birds with one stone. Bring. It. On. #StopBrexit
BBCNEWS 6:06am VICKI YOUNG. Chiet Political Correspondent BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM says no Brexit more likely than no deal ', I BREXIT...
Whatever the outcome this week re #Brexit let's not forget the author of this seemingly unending crisis. Yes, it's that poster boy of Tory entitlement, privilege and patronage. It's the one and only...
Looks a bit shifty to me...isn’t she same one who took money off disabled by imposing Universal Credit!? What delights is she planning post Brexit?
#Brexit – Joint letter by President Juncker and President Tusk to Prime Minister May
Nothing more to say. Theresa May's new Brexit claim backfires spectacularly as she's accused of lying
In other words no brexit as voted for. Democracy trashed
Labour MP's in a drive to make Diane Abbott look good... #Brexit
Manifesto was acclaimed ideas showed his cabinet have got answers, some of those policies Tories used themselves from his manifesto. She would not allow cross party influence on Brexit two years ago, now she is asking all parties for help &amp; unions. Bias of media trying to him now
Cardiff distance themselves from manager Neil Warnock’s pro-Brexit rant
You were elected in 2017 on a manifesto based around the 2016 eu ref vote... your manifesto was a pro leave manifesto.... you are talking shite!
Looks like you could be there for some time Archie.
And would guarantee any pro brexit party 40% in a general election. With the remaining vote split there would be hundreds of EX MPs
If that's a wife who wants Brexit she should tell him to have the guts to come out and support leaving properly, ie managed WTO/FTA
It’s not the 2nd referendum we need, but the one we deserve right now
The ONLY chance that Labour has to get into Government is if May's Deal is voted down. If it goes through, with its ill-defined transition period, the full impact of Brexit will not be felt until after the 2022 GE, so the Tories will win again. You are too old. #Resign
Liberal Democrats from all over London will be rallying in Parliament Square from 5pm on Tuesday 15th January 2019, to make it clear to the Government that we want the people to have the #finalsay on the #Brexit deal that has been negotiated. Join us!
Separated at birth: and #Cumberbatch character/state of mind in excellent #Brexit film even quite similar to good old Martin and his #Titanic
I'm sure that #Brexit has nothing to do with it.
"UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after Brexit?" Not much, probably. Self-imposed stricter standards don't look so impressive next to a decade of failures.
24 hrs max
Great description of anybody who attempts to kill the will of the British people over their devotion to the EU.
. Sorry, as one of the people, you don’t speak for me at all. I want No Deal Brexit to go through even more so now than I did two years ago!
Please let all this go away soon. So that we can get on with our lives.
I wouldn't call it sophistry, just treacherous and two faced.
I really am.. The Government really need to sort this Brexit thing out. A No Deal in Brexit, is going to cause more problems, than it is now. I voted to STAY, but I'd rather a Deal, than a No Deal.
I should like just one radio/TV interviewer/presenter to ask a #Remainer 'celeb' or politician what business interests they hold with the #EU and/or whether their domestic cleaners, gardeners and nannies are immigrants and how much they pay them.
Can’t make these clowns up use Wales time and again for their own gain
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal - UK attorney general
You seem to have no idea about the EU. Lisbon means that the UK will be reduced to a region of the EU. It will be gone.
It's good British Entrepreneurship at at's most bandwagon jumping.
They'll be saying that the delays to the stadium are due to fears over Brexit. why not they've blamed nearly everything else on Brexit uncertainty.
The only reason the establishment fear a WTO Brexit is nothing to do with the economy. They fear it because it actually means leaving the EU and they don’t want to leave. Simple as that.
FOR GOD'S SAKE...GET IT DONE MAY, PEOPLE ARE SICK OF THIS...THAT OR HAVE YELLOW VESTS TAKE PLACE!....
Not a big list so far!!
That's why it's not possible to simply declare the referendum illegal and cancel Brexit based on that. It was only advisory and Parliament made the final decision.
I suspect he gets more criticism because everybody knows that the Tory party is the de facto 'Nasty' Party. Corbyn is the leader of the opposition &amp; he has barely challenged the Tories on Brexit (esp PMQs) &amp; he has made no secret in the past that he is anti-EU. Where's the oppo?
#May My Deal or No Brexit #NoDeal not an option Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal
After reading too many tweets from pro-Brexit people it's so good to see how you've written 'MPs''.
Another threat from Mrs. Burns after the no deal threat now it is no Brexit threat. Typical Tories rule by fear.
Funnily enough by the logic that the 1979 Scottish devolution referendum was not honoured neither would Brexit.
This is one of the more powerful videos that I've see on the impact of brexit on a local British business
Pot kettle comes to mind when it comes to the Welsh Government's own approach to #Brexit since June 2016. They've been all doom and gloom and despite countless offers, they've not once reached out to work with those on the 'leave' side of the debate.
To paraphrase Churchill, 'How is Democracy to be interpreted?'
There's nothing to fear about a no deal #Brexit, as top trade officials have told me via
In that case, the PM is following the process of leaving by triggering Art 50, concluding and Withdrawal Deal, why then are so many of Leave voters not supporting her? Brexit means Art 50 + WA . The Referendum proposal, with no agreed replacement or place to go, was a farce.
If they stop leaving then the country will explode
I’ll be there. This is the most momentous parliamentary vote many of us will ever experience.
BBC News - No-deal Brexit: Can Parliament stop it?
Not on a vote of no confidence. But on Brexit, there are.
Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit -
As a reaction to Grayling's warning about the need to follow through with Brexit, Remainers have said they won't be threatened by Nazis. Yet their main justification for a need not to have a border in Ireland is that to have one would anger the IRA. Utter hypocrisy!
Excellent read again from Rawnsley about how the lack of a codified constitution has helped this crisis to be unfold? Is a codified constitution inevitable in the future?
I see Esther McVey is trending. I won't bother to look, I'm certain it'll be because she articulated a detailed, cogent rationale based on extensive research, solid analysis and innovative thinking, thus convincing us beyond doubt that her preferred form of #Brexit is the best.
You’re right! The replies are absolutely #brexit cc:
And a million more exercised their right to stop freedom of movement. Politician are not going to stop Brexit
"I am thinking about my child's future when I made this decision - his future in the world.’’ Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'.
No one even the majority who voted for brexit wants this stupid deal. It shows HOW bad it is.
I'm actually sick of hearing about brexit now. This is why I never voted in the first place I knew that either result was going to cause frustration and anger. The media also blows up anything that is said that make things much worse than it seems
Eu citizens learn so much and like the solitude
OH FCUK OFF KIDS ROOTING THROUGH DUSTBINS OLD FOLK SITTING IN THEIR OWN MESS HOMELESSNESS RISING CAN'T SEE YOUR DR FOR WEEKS NHS WAITING LISTS A BROKEN BRITAIN AND THAT'S EVEN BEFORE BREXIT YOU DAFT OLD COW
Don't understand the logic behind No to May's deal and no brexit. #WTO is surely the way to go?
Might want to delay it a couple of years.... It's not going to be finished this week! :-)
BREXIT: AUSTRIAN FOR MIN SAYS WHATEVER BREXIT OUTCOME MAY BE, BRITISH CITIZENS IN AUSTRIA CAN REST ASSURED THAT THEY WILL STILL BE WELCOME AND THEIR RIGHTS WILL BE PROTECTED
. targets parents to fill job roles post-Brexit
It's a bit similar to "Brexit means Brexit". This has never been described in plain English, neither has "Jobs first Brexit". The one literary authority who could have helped to make progress with this lexicographic conundrum died decades ago. R.I.P. Edward Lear.
If no Brexit then I'm afraid it's the end of a Tory government as they will have let the nation down for both for and against it and future referendums will be meaningless
Family -have the people over throw there goverment and sacrifice the people the way i asked
BBCNEWS 6:07am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Labour has vowed to table vote O! no confidence it PM loses' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Around 1OO Tory MP5...
Nothing to see here, just the BBC correspondent playing down yet another resignation, this time by a whip on the eve of the most important vote for generations #BrexitVote
How I feel depends on if these resigners wanted the [Deal] part of No [Deal] Brexit.
Gareth only became a whip in November!
Uncannily prescient, that leaves no one so just about right for Corbyn's Brexit Labour.
The mental contortions Corbyn supporters going thru right now to support a Tory #brexit are quite incredible. I’ve had a few chats with who is a decent sort, but the increasingly bizarre logic of ensuring brexit is both simultaneously opposed &amp; enabled is a sight.
Brexit seems to have divided the country into two groups. One with sense and valid arguments, and the other side just calling them idiots or snowflakes lol. I've yet to come across an actual valid argument to leave that stands up to any scrutiny.
Some Progress MPs will vote with the Tories on Brexit deal. By doing so they are supporting a party that is engaged in a policy of Social Murder.
YOUR DAILY BREXIT – Monday 14th January 2019
Well it won't now, but that is because people didn't elect Brexit parties to take us out of the EU. The Tories or Labour were allways going to make a hash of it.
THAT bitch? She is a total Looney Tune. She is utterly discredited. And so are the claims you make. You are getting your way. #Brexit is being subverted. The Commons elite are going to kill it, this week. You, of course, have no idea of the explosion that will follow.
What Gareth Johnson actually said was #TheresaMay and her deal acts against the national interest!
The far right will emboldened by any brexit.
Sign and retweet.
time to step down and hand over to someone with the bollocks necessary to deliver a #NoDeal And stop the petty little threats in your every lying speech. It doesn't wash.
I voted to leave in full and unless we leave they can expect war on the streets! I will die fighting before i submit to the NAZI EU! If I see an MP I will arrest them for treason! I suggest everyone takes to the streets and block all roads!
The Government's Interpretation of Brexit is what matters.
Scary and true. Wake up, Remoaner MPs! #FBPE Read! The UK's Brexit deal leaves it no better than ex-Soviet states on its own road to vassaldom via
100% leave, a big NO to TM’s “Brexit Deal” that ties us to the EU for tears to come. Yes to trading with Europe, I love all areas and peoples of Europe that I have been fortunate enough to visit. Europe - great. EU - a fascist regime, doomed to failure.
Brexit Update
Don't be alarmed by ‘Brexit uncertainty’ – our clients aren’t!
A growing number of business leaders in the North East of England are joining our call for a #PeoplesVote, with the chance to #ExitFromBrexit. Our movement of senior business people and entrepreneurs is nationwide, and our message couldn't be clearer.
"There are some in Westminster who would wish to delay or even stop #Brexit and who will use every device available to them to do so," Theresa May warns workers grimly...in a factory that received a £400,000 EU grant.
Theresa May (much to her frustration) can never separate No Deal and Revoking Article 50, they will come as a pair of options right up until the end of the Article 50 process. It's a like a tiny #Brexit devil &amp; angel sat on her shoulders (the reader can choose which is which!).
How on earth can antidemocratic be allowed to 'represent' the people of a Democracy?
EU writes to UK providing assurances over Ireland Brexit backstop
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Fund manager Hermes sets up Dublin office in #Brexit planning
BREAKING: #GarethJohnson has also resigned as a Government whip in order to oppose Mrs May's Brexit deal.
We know that when money is tight, it is women’s services that are first to go and women who have shouldered the burden of austerity since 2010 |
This.
Corbyn and JMcD were campdhimh for Leave when the likes of Hannah were in short trousers. They will get the UK out.
would love to describe this as Peak Brexit but this could just be the foothills
The idea of a no deal brexit should set alarm bells ringing. Our police use EU records to do their work 1.4 million times a day! That is a huge resource used to stop international criminals and terrorists and you want to just take it away with nothing to replace it
No, incorrect. Tories will capitalise on anything. Brexit is just a word. The reality is, It can be as good or as bad as those in power want to make it. The Tories have been a cancer in Britain long before Brexit, long before the EU and long before even, the EEC.
But the result was achieved through lying to the public about what #Brexit would deliver. The thing people voted for won’t happen. That’s no democracy. The government gave no easily accessible, unbiased information about the EU. Just lies, pseudofacts, and fear-mongering.
This is your strong belief. But there are people who just as strongly as you believe that Brexit is good. You think they are bad, they think you are. And the STAY/LEAVE choice is a personal preference. And more people voted LEAVE. This is how voting works.
As Brexit will result in a reduction of overseas recruitment, EFL clubs will inevitably increase their focus on the N-L market. With improved stats &amp; data collection from Step 2-4 N-L scouting could become a science &amp; take ideas from the NFL combine model
We voted Leave in a one-off vote in 2016 and the Govt. vowed to abide by our decision. There is NO mandate for MPs to do anything but obey the people. #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for.
You are not trying to “shape Brexit” you are trying to stop it.
What lies ahead for these companies? #Brexit
BBC News at 9 14/01/2019 BREXIT DEAL VOTE
whoops; German industry to UK: We won't undermine single market over Brexit
Does Brexit mean you should get euros out for your holidays TODAY? Experts say act NOW #Travel #booking #flights
Fantastic commentary on the modern “Irish question”. #brexit
My MP, Matt Rodda, emailed me today asking me to complete a Brexit survey. I wonder how many other MPs have taken the trouble to survey their constituents? Well done Matt.
I too am supportive of the popular democratic will. Can it be reasonably argued that this popular will is for a No Deal Brexit based on the 2016 referendum (given all the assurances given by the leaders of both campaigns)? Can it? Really?
What if you are wrong Simon? Because almost all experts think you are wrong.
#FFD365 Theresa May Warnt "No Brexit" Ist Eher als 'No Deal' -
I’m so fed up of hearing about Brexit
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal': Prime Minister Theresa May is set to warn Leave voters that the political class are more likely to block Brexit than allow a clean, No Deal Brexit to happen.
Yes it is. Had to lay off good staff too. Paid relocation fees to France for two, as they didn't want to stay in UK. Brexit disastrous for SMEs in cosmetics sector - puts co's outside REACH, ECHA database and cosmetics registration portal. We lose all 'responsible person' status.
Pound up today on hopes of no deal Brexit.
Labour's Tulip Siddiq 'delays baby's birth for #Brexit vote' #MondayThoughts #MondayMotivation #MondayFeeling
Thanks so much for your Ode To The Guild. I like to think that's what Shakespeare would have done.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
What an undignified spectacle from a person who is supposed to be our leader. What an advert to the world. BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Mrs May voted against implementing result of Welsh Assembly Referendum but now says that the Brexit Referendum MUST be implemented as The Will of The People. . Hmm. . . Read on
No, it's not a separate point, breaking down reality into sound bites is #Brexit. Snippets of reality used to convince people Brexit was a good idea. Questioned it any detail and Brexit falls apart. A fool Hardy attempt to send UK economy down the drain for the benifit of a few
Putin's fingerprints are all over the Polish regime, as they are all over Orban and Salvini and Le Pen and parts of Brexit. It's a slow, Little Green Men war declared by the kleptocrats of the Kremlin on liberal democracy. We are *asleep*.
Interesting reading below for those debating the virtues of a second referendum. (Brexit will happen in half the time, unless something changes.)
There. Is. No. Chance. For. Further. Negotiations. are you all that thick, yeah? How many times do the EU have to literally spell it out for you people? Fingers in your ears 'la la la' method isn't working, by the way, it's time to listen up to the people. #Brexit
And so it begins... Macro for ALL #property #landlords #prs #btl people. #GE anyone ?!?!?.... Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Cabinet Ministers Back Moves To Force Theresa May To Implement ‘Plan B’ #Brexit Voted By Commons
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Ah ha Dodgy Dave.
It's not leaving John. Read this if you haven't already.
Am currently working on the EY ITEM Club forecast forecast for the #UK #economy. Scrabbling around in the fog describes how I feel pretty well. Growth forecasts lost in the fog of #Brexit via
finally, an upside to no-deal brexit - no more chocolate oranges
How kind of them! Another extension to keep Britain in the #EU! #Brexit #NoDealBrexit
Not always the case, but I do agree with the sentiment of John Major
#Breaking #ValueInvesting #Pause #Patience #FOMC #Rate #Hikes All Good Words #Brexit #TradeTalks #Inflation $TIPS #YieldCurve #Bonds Wait &amp; See #Yellen
Me tomorrow night, waiting for the 'Theresa May Brexit deal Vote' result .... #Brexit #BrexitVote #TheresaMay
Ooppsss this isn’t going well is it...
#TheresaMay wants MPs to back her #Brexit deal 'for the country'. #jeremycorbyn says 'this is a bad deal for the country,' and what we need is a general election. I wonder if what they really mean by 'the country' is 'me'
Sterling has risen another cent against the euro since the PM’s pronouncement that voting down her deal would more likely result in Parliament blocking Brexit than leaving without a deal—a tactic designed to scare the ERG and other Tory backbenchers. #BrexitShambles
Backstop only "temporary" and lasts "as long as strictly necessary", says Tusk, Juncker in "reassurance" letter to May on eve of vital #Brexit vote
We shall... hum and haw....provide no direction to what we want to do and not even say if a no-confidence vote is tabled when Tories lose the brexit vote. And other stuff too.
No Deal Brexit Warnings Like 'Unnecessary' Millennium Bug Fears — No! No! No! Y2K made us fix lots of problems so little went wrong. We’re still waiting for brexit social problems to be addressed. If Brexit was like millennium bug we’d be fixing things now
Labour's Tulip Siddiq 'delays baby's birth for #Brexit vote'
Again, things have changed drastically since that vote. There was always going to be a vote about brexit where MPs would have a final say whether the deal goes ahead or not
'#Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears #PeoplesVote Let’s #Remain
MONDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 top headlines and Sentinel Colorado NewsMinute video - Sentinel Colorado #Shutdown #Pompeo #Brexit #GdanskStabbing #Rolex24 #ArethaFranklin
No positive Brexit developments since UK parliament postponed vote - Danish PM
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
Theresa May delivers warning ahead of Brexit vote
BBCNEWS 6:08am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: They will 'use every device avai|ab|e to 1hem"/ I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: We have duty to...
Of course, Theresa and her political cronies have done anything to harm the democratic process or bring it into disrepute
It's not "undermining" democracy - it IS democracy! Even Rees-Mogg &amp; Baker say so! #Democracy is thesis, antithesis, synthesis: or in political terms, proposition (#Brexit), opposition (#Remain), synthesis (the solution - currently being debated, hence the need to campaign).
Words are cheap and #EU words are the chepest of all.....but then you know that don't you? Must stick to the line through. Always be anti Brit anti Britain anti #Brexit despite the clear referendum result.
May, Hammond, Robbins. They are the ones who have been steering this thing. Stamp your feet as much as you like. Brexit been derailed by Remainers.
Invest in #brexit opportunities in the UK with the help of GF-ACCORD technologies created by Georgios Fradelos, PhD
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
Look in the mirror. You’re as dangerous to this country as the Tories, because of Brexit. Perhaps more so, because you just don’t get it.
Project Fear church Inquisition
Theresa May gives her Brexit speech in an EU-funded factory. Gareth Johnson's resigned. Boris Johnson's saying "oo whadda fuckup". May should just resign during the vote tomorrow or something just to be weird.
This coming Tuesday 15th January, the #Brexit vote will be taking place at 7pm UK time. UK Prime Minister Theresa May brings her Brexit deal to #Parliament knowing that she faces almost certain defeat in a vote that could mean weeks of perilous political brinkmanship for Britain.
Watch live as Professor Jo Hunt of speaks to as part of an expert panel discussion on the development of common UK policy frameworks and legislating for #Brexit
But the result was achieved through lying to the public about what #Brexit would deliver. The things people voted for won’t happen. That’s not democracy. The government gave no easily accessible, unbiased information about the EU. Just lies, pseudofacts, and fear-mongering.
I want both and the way to achieve both an government and stopping the self harm of any #Brexit is for the two to unite. Alone both are in danger of failing. #brexit is not socialist. It’s a far right sh1tshow. #GTTO #StopBrexitSaveBritain
I've become tired of the condescending smugness of remainers. Your answer is typical of the simplistic alternate reality which they inhabit. Brexit is being thwarted by an anti-democratic elite. I know it, and I think you do too...
When she call me far fight and a racist, and said I need sorting out for voting Brexit, the gloves are off in my opinion.
Dup say it how it is
So sick and tired of this financially draining despicable lot, end it now... #Juncker #Tusk #EU #Brexit
And yet. The prat still wants BREXIT. We must remove him like a sewer blockage.
Apart from MPs who have been offered "incentives" or threats, has anyone changed their mind genuinely, based on reality?
How can brexit make up for years of corruption, austerity, mismanagement. How can brexit help
Excellent article from about the lies from the PM in her speach. Good read. Theresa May is lying about the Assembly to prove a point about #Brexit
Opinion: Decoding Brexit through game-theoretic approach
So many traitors. Why say something you do not believe? Stand down as MP.
Britain’s high health and safety standards must be protected after Brexit, demands British Safety Council - Plant &amp; Works Engineering #Plant #Works #Engineering
When did not thinking become a thing...?
*Correction* In the rush to get the chart out I accidentally excluded non-Brexit resignations from the 2018 figure. Correct chart below:
Associated British Ports increases investments in Port of Hull ahead of Brexit
Pound up today on hopes of no deal Brexit.
City of London analysts are warning clients to prepare for a UK election this year as May's Brexit deal collapses
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Cardiff distance themselves from Neil Warnock's Brexit comments... via
Another reason (if any more were needed) to like Jürgen Klopp.
Today so far: May has to leave out key hook of speech (on Welsh Assembly) because it was a spectacular own goal. She then makes brexit speech in Stoke factory that received a £400k EU grant The pubescent Defence Secretary suggests paint balling Spanish ships off Gibraltar
Brexit is in peril if divorce deal voted down, UK PM May warns - CreaWorldNews -
Brexit Art.
Anyone who nostalgically voted Brexit will love driving in Europe under no deal: you’ll need to queue up at a Post Office to get your International Driving Permits (1926, 1949 &amp; 1968 versions available...)
Can't wait to see May's botched Brexit deal fail tomorrow in parliament, it's gonna be glorious. Pave the way for Labour boys! #Brexit
Last point isn’t supported by the evidence, most seats now support remain, and of the marginal constituencies the overwelming majority now support remain. The issue is whether those voters who aren’t politically engaged fully understand what leaving and no deal really means
Wish she was PM! or at least my member of parliament!
I realize it’s March 29th, but progress/agreement to leave terms with the EU - not going well. May is clearly for Remain and appears to be trying to thwart Brexit at every turn.
Cardiff distance themselves from manager Neil Warnock's pro-Brexit rant #cardiffcity #bluebirds
The uncertainty surrounding #Brexit is having a marked impact on the level of advisory services in Scotland, our full service legal approach gives our clients a one-stop-shop for Brexit-related advice. Managing Partner Murray McCall outlines why
Remember what we are witnessing is not a fiasco but a coup. #Brexit
Let the market chaos begin! #Brexit vote and Tuesday #OPEX Friday #Earnings
No deal #Brexit warning from and
Thank you.
The essence of Brexit
She should be in some respects, she does not represent the british people. She represents the Elite and the EU only and should probrably be deported to the EU if she is actively going against brexit.
'We have a Brexit shelf': readers prepping for the no deal scenario #stopbrexit
The Monarchy endures
I liked a video May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People
I'll await 30/03. Until then I'm keeping my powder dry
Gotta love how the media paints Brexit and the market showing a whole different image... British FTSE 100 still at a great pace (from June's dip) since an amazing closing in 2018...
#BrexitBritain The glorious future we have all been waiting for.
The Govt was required by law to leaflet the UK to explain Brexit. It wasn't 'remain campaign' money.
"Neil Warnock can go f**k himself!" Der Untergang parody video
Foreign buyers snap up one in seven Spanish homes: Brits still lead the field, despite Brexit #thinkspain
Popped into a welsh language pub wearing my lexit badge And Plaid /SNP (PROUD OF ALL OF THEM) One word... BREXIT... On TV... London is difficult enough... Had some very polite fellow millennials grab me.... We thought lexit was corbynista... No... It just celtic remain lost plot
I swear Theresa May could at some point between now and tomorrow's vote look straight in to a camera and invoke the very real threat of Lord Voldemort if she thought it would swing a couple of votes. And so into the realms of fantasy are we, that it probably would. #Brexit
To be honest if it doesn’t have to do with Brexit it won’t be shown on the news here. That’s all that’s been on the news over the last year.
You need to speak to this guy
I think Brexit is bollocks but equally I think the Brexit Box is bollocks We are not going to run out of food. But what did we expect from a Nation that loses its shit when it snows or when the supermarkets are closed on Christmas Day &amp; Easter Sunday
Enough time and vast amount of money wasted on Brexit! Let’s keep our deal and fix what needs to be fixed! #NoBrexitLessProblems
The UK has dropped to 6th in the global passport power index. Just prior to Brexit we were joint first.
BREXIT LATEST: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK | Politics | News |
Attorney General tells May that EU Council conclusions on temporary backstop "would have legal force in international law and thus be relevant and cognisable" in interpreting Brexit deal
Something very fragile teetering and tottering in a ceramics factory
Look at all this awesome business opportunities post #Brexit ! #GlobalBritian is filled with innovative entrepreneurs, they don't see a hungry child and feel sorry. They see a hungry child as a business opportunity like only world leaders would!
Agreed. Which is why NOT trying to deliver a Brexit outcome is such a sensible choice. #PeoplesVote
Single Mum: I can't afford to buy shoes for my children Homeless: I am cold &amp; have nowhere to go Child: I am hungry FBPE: F*CK OFF WHAT ABOUT BREXIT! IM POLITICALLY HOMELESS! YOU ARE EFFIN IDIOTS! ME ME ME!
Fearing Brexit doomsday, Britons stockpile supplies and learn to grow their own food
EU intervenes on Brexit deal on eve of UK vote
I do think the biggest thing to come out of Brexit so far is the redefinition by journalists of the phrase "really interesting".
Pound hits seven-week high on eve of vital Brexit vote
The UK Media have to take the majority of the blame for #Brexit not once did they mention any pitfall like queues at Dover or Hollyhead or the backstop instead they made out the EU to be villains
EU intervenes on Brexit deal on eve of UK vote via
's contribution on 10pm news last night was jaw-dropping - literally! Fully expected James Naughtie to follow and it would have just been like old times again.
More insane propaganda from the pedo channel, but just think, it will create more industries here wahooo
Official turning off all Brexit related news and commentary. Good luck.
Tory whip quits day before crucial Brexit vote Sent via
Are you for real? As what Brexit means/how and when it happens is not agreed citizens rights are most certainly not agreed. Second, the EU is not ruling on UK citizens rights in EU, it's left to each EU country to decide, therefore they'll differ country by country. It's a mess.
After getting angry that their version of brexit isn't being played out, they are now getting angry that someone they doing like a)exists and b) is doing things [and c) isn't white]!
Any form of Brexit will lose jobs. It's already happening.
Brexit outcome 'could be no deal' says Stephen Barclay
On that basis it's disingenuous to suggest/imply that 85% were pro brexit. It's more the case that most voters were anti Tory. 58% in fact as the Tories had just 42% of the popular vote. A higher % than voted leave, fyi.
Never said she wasn’t, only that ERG/hard #brexit supporters would be stuck with something they don’t want as much as remainers if it wasn’t for her getting clarification on the law. TM would have been able to pass anything and no one could have done anything!
#NIEUWS #NEWS Mays brexit-deal in afkeurend parlement - - Mays brexit-deal in…
[Ticker] EU sends letter to help Brexit deal approval #News #Breaking
Tory whip quits day before crucial Brexit vote Sent via
Another Brexit countdown.... Better sharpen the swords for the food and medicine riots...
Theresa May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
Cardiff distance themselves from comments made by manager Neil Warnock about Brexit, saying: "These comments do not reflect the political position of Cardiff City Football Club, nor its board of directors."
No just the Tories and labour actually.
That’s pretty much what I have decided too. Both Lib Dem’s and Green Party are explicitly anti brexit too.
That’s very true ... but we let them and we believed them. We can still hold politicians to account with or without Brexit. We just chose not to.
all these acrimonious tweets against JOB. Do they exist in a parallel universe or what? The truth is evident. Brexit =UK decline...switch on your brains people and think !!
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
If Jim actually read beyond the headline, I’d love to know what he thinks is wrong about what Boris said...
Prime Minister: ‘The public should know that not accepting this deal could result in no Brexit at all’* *That could only happen if a majority of the public themselves voted against Brexit in a second referendum and therefore that was what they wanted. Terms + conditions apply.
‘Jesus wept’...is the shortest verse in the bible and thankfully nothing to do with Brexit.
Brexit box?! Haha whatever next. “Don’t panic Mr Mainwaring!” #panicbuyers
In the rush to get the graphic out I accidentally excluded non-Brexit resignations from the 2018 figure. Corrected chart below:
One hopes you will be backing the result of the largest democratic referendum by arguing for a clean break fro the EU and to regain control of our own country. #brexit #WTO
You may all want hope a little harder... Otherwise, the last post still stands. #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
Brexit
Brits have nothing to fear from Brexit but leaving with a deal is best
Video: China trade, Brexit weigh on markets #business #businessvideoonline
See also
As threatens there may be no brexit at all the pound rises. #RevokeA50 #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The other piece from this genre was NYT giving a largely uncritical platform to Bannon's theorem on Trump and Brexit. These are obviously flawed claims and ideas. If you must print them, then at least interrogate their validity and put the counter view.
Tories eating themselves alive. Falling on their own corrupt, greedy, heartless, racist sword #GeneralElectionNow #GTTO #ToriesOut #Brexit
About to make a very serious post about who and what is behind all this attempt to keep the UK in the EU. #Brexit I will make a series of posts with links to the background of what's REALLY going on. Because I saw '666' replies, maybe I won't ask you to reveal the other half!
Happy New Year! In this issue we're looking at VUCA, Brexit and Jobs To Be Done - thanks as always to our many contributing authors and SMEs. #VUCA #DigitalTransformation
and what? tryna tell me all Brexit campaign went down only after Cameron resigned? Looks like their only money coming in these days go to Farage privately, as a Member of the European Parliament. Putin won, so why send one more penny to those idiots?
Absolutely agree!
So will you be voting for it or against it?
HAHAHAHAH. You and your mate are hysterical useless knobs. March hard you peon
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Those interested in democratic principles would support a second referendum
Always good to give subtle hints... ;-) #brexit #negotiations
Thinking about putting in a bid for the Brexit ferry contract. Definitely got more able ships than Seaborne Freight
Flip Cash investment is real, 100% safe and secured DM me now or call the Admin on 09060074900 for more details and be among the beneficiaries that are testifying
Killing Brexit kills off the right of Britons to bring about, by peaceful democratic means, a change in how, &amp; by whom, they're governed. Obvious that swathes of UK elite privately do not accept universal adult franchise. Their EU-philia is a mask for their antipathy to democracy
What a delightful chap.
The Betfair Exchange (rather than the Sportsbook) is always an interesting watch. And the amount of money on each Brexit market is low.
#fakedemocracy why bother voting these days? #brexit Can somebody explain why i should vote anymore? #TheresaMay #STOPtheLoanCharge
flawed choice as in the Referendum ... I have never voted, nor will I ever vote, for my current Tory MP ( ) and I will not shake her hand if she votes with May, which she will
Mrs May please read this!!! If brexit doesn’t happen then the people can and will rise up against you and parliament!! You do not rule us,only govern us!!
DfE perm sec seeks volunteers for no-deal Brexit work | Civil Service World
My family &amp; ex-mining/ex-engineering community live at the at the shitty end of Tory policy every day. Brexit won't help us, it'll hit us hardest.
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Read you manifesto from 2017 on which you were elected Along with your leaders words Brexit means Brexit If you did not believe this in 2017 you should have stood as a Lib Dem or Independent at least the Lib Dems have been clear on trying to stop Brexit you are a fraud
Juncker to force all remaining EU countries to adopt the euro via
Prime Minister decides to remove lies after Twitter discusses them.... #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Did you or did you *not* vote against implementing the result of the Welsh Referendum? #brexit
Of course, Theresa and her political cronies have done nothing to harm the democratic process or bring it into disrepute. Nothing at all.
Duty? Cheek of the woman!
‘Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant’. Am not surprised. Areas neglected by Westminster have often had more funding and support from the EU.
The British public simply needs an apology from for ‘selling a myth’. Britain is far better off within the EU than ‘crashing out’ or reducing its sovereignty with ’s deal. Brexit Britain will be reduced in sizes as Scotland seeks independence!
Any decent guests?
Time for a change of personnel of those who are supposed to listen to and serve the people....these people cannot get away with deliberately going against what the people voted for. #Brexit #GoWTO #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDealNoProblem
LIVE: Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote
If Brexit threatens donuts I am leaving the UK - no discussion
BBC News - Is Brexit-voting Llanelli changing its mind? Rarely have I seen a more biased report on TV. includes the usual lie about who pays for EU "aid"
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Yet more lies from the l Oik from Trent Poly!!! Lets not forget, people this chav accused Corbyn of being a Czech spy and had to grovel for forgiveness when faced with legal action!! Let hear the truth:
Nothing about Brexit's negative effects on the country, it's all about the ******* Tory party!!!
has been awful today. Boulton as remain as possible, Kay Burley and her Vitriolic hate for brexit and brexiteers, mainly remain guests. Quite clear they want to stay in. Those EU subsidies obviously paying their wages
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
No you are the one that’s lying. Corbyn has no such commitment to Brexit. Tell that to the homeless dying in the street. FBPE, absolutely monstrous people.
Great to hear that - "UK holidaymakers undaunted by Brexit" #Brexit #holidays #hotelmarketing #summerholidays
Can we all agree that this shouldn't have had to happen?
This has some similarities with Brexit voting farmers hasn't it.
You know, despite the awful mess that Brexit revealed itself to be (why are people even surprised lol), I must admit I kinda feel for Theresa May - she was left alone dealing with a burden that clearly wasn’t hers to begin with. Wonder what tomorrow will bring at this point.
The impact of #Brexit was always going to have a highly-damaging effect on UK business and companies. Those who said that it would not be harmful, have clearly mislead people. #Brexit must be stopped before any further damage and self-harm is done to the UK economy
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal - UK attorney...
och - I am over on the 18th-19th, but not staying until the end of the month. However, I have assigned one of your chapters to my course 'Pluck of the Irish' - a politico-cultural history from independence to Brexit :-)
For our country's sake we must #StopBrexit ... BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Agree with , legislation not the Constitution is the place for this kind of regulatory detail
"Catastrophic harm" to public's trust in politicians if Brexit is reversed. I've never trusted a politician in my life. Not one.
This folks - #fbpe
#Brexit. #Commonwealth Contributors Write Every country in the Commonwealth is looking on at these UK Parliament shenanigans and thinking pretty much the same thing.
The latest The C of E Newspaper Daily! Thanks to #brexit #endhungeruk
Pound up today on hopes of no deal Brexit
And France? Silence! Reciprocity that's it! Punishment.
The political classes are manoeuvring to block Brexit. Voters' faith in our democracy may never recover
Nae sure syne when but aye. Could we nae dae a Lady Grange w TMay?
If Brexit is not delivered then the whole of parliament is finished as far as I am concerned not Just the Conservatives Rob
Surely No Brexit is what you should fight for! Guy Opperman
#brexit for #German immigrants
Congratulations on making almost all members of your own party hate you. That's never going to bite you on the arse at any point- no, surely it won't...
you’re being a tad disingenuous
.... and a disgraceful betrayal of the people's democratic vote. Mother of Parliaments, with it's Grieve and Bercow skulduggery, now resembles a corrupt antidemocratic 3rd-world country
As Brexit looms &amp; the country seems on the point of mutually assured destruction, it’s appalling that language like this is still being used by politicians. The “R” word is beyond offensive. Disability is still stereotyped &amp; ignored.
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People
Not all. But there are an increasingly vocal group for whom JC is the answer to everything. Even Brexit, for which he has shown not the slightest bit of leadership. I am not and have never been governed by Obama, so have no opinion on his more ardent supporters.
"DOES THIS HOUSE WANT TO DELIVER BREXIT... NOOOOOO..." HAHAHAHAHA! Owen Jones and Ann Widdecombe clash over Brexit via
After Theresa May's previous election disaster, perhaps some #Tory MPs no longer have confidence in her... #Brexit #Labour
Most Indian-origin MPs to vote against #Brexit deal in House of Commons tomorrow
You’re going to let them down catastrophically if you allow hard Brexit.
Pentagram promotes civil disobedience with “Acid Brexit”
That's a lot of mugs she's talking to there.
This is obviously a blow for the PM in that she loses a vote and it looks terrible. But just as importantly, her whipping team is one down on the eve of the most important vote of her life
I await the report in for peer-reviewed confirmation.
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit st... +1 EuroBot #europe #politics
Hey #Leave voters, food rationing is back! Aren't you delighted you'll soon be able to display your #Blitz spirit, since most of you didn't have a chance the first time round? I hope you'll enjoy it. #Brexit #StopBrexit #RevokeArticle50
I think what she could have done is come out and said - I can’t deliver the Brexit you voted for because it’s fundamentally going to have too big a negative impact on you, rather than the lie that her deal is honouring the Brexit that was voted for which quite clearly it isn’t
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
No #Brexit is a "Con" job. I voted in the 1998 GFA referendum in Northern Ireland and was presented with an entire document. ,
Former Brexit Secretary won’t be drawn on the question of Tory leadership and says he will vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal tomorrow.
The prime reason why Brexit is a mess is May's Leadership. She is incapable of challenging or being challenged.
Fuck Tennis. Fuck Brexit.
#NoDeal #Brexit summed up in a single news item. "it leaves us in the sh1t with nothing to clean ourselves up afterwards" One more reasong for a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain
But hey, you'll be able to get them in blue...
Want to understand what goes on when MPs are voting in the House of #Commons, and what next, ahead of tomorrow’s crucial #Brexit votes? has this most effortlessly, flawless explainer. #Westminster
More #Brexit
If Brexit is cancelled I just hope Britain is aware that a couple of dozen columnists are going to be quite cross for about a month.
Whenever #TheresaMay gives a speech about #Brexit and blackmailing the MPs into voting for her fudge deal, I churn in my stomach. Her words just doesn't stick. I hope she loves the #BrexitVote tomorrow and we are given the chance for the #PeoplesVote.
I get that except the script that forinners are to blame for everything is now too well rehearsed. A post Brexit collapse would be sold as the fault of the EU, UK resident EU nationals, Muslims, anyone with dark skin or a "funny" accent.
The three arrests were all Kipper types. Animals.
I take it Labour is one. Which is the other? Because tories will fall so far out of view, they will get very little of the vote. Ukip will only get support from the far right. And if Labour still backs brexit, the remainers mighht move to Lib Dem or Green. Green will ban fracking
SDP and UKIP are 2 entirely different parties with entirely different views my friend. Patrick was just a Centrist that supported Brexit &amp; UKIP were the only game in town.
Nothing else matters today - #GameOfThrones airs in three months and the promo dropped today is literal chills. Come back tomorrow, #Brexit
Her withdrawal agreement is a NO Deal coupled to a crippling loss of control as to the future, WTO for me and just bring our enemies on so we can deal with them!
Do sod off you bunch of twats. I guess we could collect your unread papers and use as arse wipes
I can’t quite fathom how people are uneducated on the implications and significance of Brexit
Shall we unfox Brexit, or Exit Britain? Shall we continue to deride Putin for wanting to clean up the Ukraine, or should we actually try to deal with Chernobyl, and see if that makes up?
Brexit: when the local village idiot suddenly becomes an expert on trade, economics, politics and WTO.
The fact that the rest of the country won't let us go. You do realize that we would have one hell of a fight on our hands, and I don't mean like a brexit fight. I wouldn't be surprised if the military didn't role in. The only way it would work is if we become a province of Canada
May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
Theresa May is lying about the Assembly to prove a point about Brexit
What is it with people who pronounce Brexit ‘Breggzit’?
The BBC have deliberately underreported that. #IrishBorder #Brexit
According to our survey of 1,500 UK-based hiring managers, businesses are struggling to access the skills they need to thrive, with 39% of hiring managers finding that uncertainty around Brexit has directly impacted access to talent.
That Brexit is a far-right/far-left coalition is abundantly clear. The problem is that the “democratisation” of party leadership elections has left them in control of both major parties. Less than 1% of the electorate is choosing our leaders. Something has to change.
Wonder how his constituents feel about this, especially as May's now saying no deal is not the alternative, plus he's letting down everyone on the wrong end of #austerity
No deal is a return to WTO terms. Saying thats "no deal" is misleading. I'm sure those people who voted for Brexit knew what "leave" or "remain" meant.
After World War II we helped rebuild Europe and helped the Germans when the nation was divided. How I wish we hadn’t bothered
TRUTH on BREXIT : … Watch Video:Part 1: Part 2: … UK Government have duty &amp; obligation to act in national interest of UK - REVOKE ARTICLE 50!
Waiting for a BrExit decision
Sharp and controversial as ever - Anthony Peters on Brexit. Interesting excursion about Wall Street being in the former place of a 12-foot wall to keep natives out in the days of New Amsterdam. What happened? British took the city by sea
Hull residents hit out at 'buffoons' as crunch Brexit vote looms
'We have a Brexit shelf': readers prepping for the no deal scenario: -
"There will be no #Brexit" - our managing director on explaining why Brexit is unlikely to happen #EU #Europe #UK #Theresamay #BrexitVote
Absolutely spot-on. Why and are pitching to deliver a Tory austerian policy that is falling apart by the second absolutely beats me. It's one reason why I'm on strike from the Labour party.
The pound can survive the meaningful vote (but not a general election) By #GBPUSD #Brexit
'We have a Brexit shelf': readers prepping for the no deal scenario
May's "triple lock trap" to sabotage Brexit revealed by whistle-blower
Mumsnet users stock up on basics ahead of potential no-deal Brexit #Brexit
Relax. A whip has just resigned. Who will be next, the 3rd Brexit Secretary ?
The letters released between the PM &amp; the EU on the #Brexit agreement contain nothing of substance. They change nothing. The deal is as inadequate today - with all the risks for workers’ rights – as it was yesterday. Read our analysis of the current deal:
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'. BBC trumpets the May Deal line that her deal is better that no Brexit. Whatever happened to NO DEAL BETTER THAN BAD DEAL?
If Brexit could just die and go the fuck away this week, it'd save me quite a bit of faff and money by needing to sort out an Irish passport by March. So if y'all could just get on with that, that'd be grand.
#AmberRudd Pledges MILLIONS For Jewish Security At #CST Annual Dinner #BBC #Trump #MAGA #NigelFarage #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK #TommyRobinson #GiletsJaunes #Reuters #Murray #Andy #LBC #Journalism #Westminster #Politics
Does honouring Brexit means Agreeing to Only s deal ????
Don’t give in to Putin’s plan! Stop Brexit!
It’s my deal, no deal or no Brexit, UK PM May warns MPs
BREXIT LATEST: Brit MEPs could be forced to stand in EU elections | Politics | News |
Be nice if you were able to point out These May's lies in her BBC speech at Stoke earlier. I don't think that speech should have been broadcast her statements and her argument is simply untrue.
Leavers don't like the deal on offer. The most recent polls show that only 3/10 Leavers support May’s deal Many prefer to see UK leave without a deal. If Leavers were given the option of May’s Brexit deal versus No Deal they would break by a 60-19 margin for No Deal
100 Euro-parliamentarians urge UK to reconsider Brexit
They could write plenty of factual pieces about Brexit -they can even do it lazily by just watching 3Blokes in a pub ( &amp;co) on youtube
If you’re a Tour guide in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the South West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
#Brexit The PEOPLE have voted- and it's DONE! If the politicians keep jerking the people around...STOP PAYING THE SLAVEMASTERS!
WATCH | Former Brexit Secretary : "You've got to balance the short-term risk [of leaving on WTO terms] with what I think would be devastating economic and democratic consequences for us if we sign up to this deal. It's a bad deal and Britain can do better!"
when this is the best argument the PM can make on the day before the vote - is it right to vote for it? Can we stop Brexit? - You’ve tried and it doesn’t work.
I am not afraid of a WTO Brexit but I am afraid we will be betrayed by the Hon members of parliament and not leave at all except in name only and I am sure this will happen but not sure what will follow = meek acceptance or real trouble
Lot of people my end feel the same. There is a limit to arrogance and these political minnows are almost across it!
I have never known as many MP's resign since Brexit.
"Labour MEPs ask Jeremy Corbyn to back second EU referendum". I am delighted to have signed this letter. The People must have a final say on the future direction of our relationship with the EU. #PeoplesVote
Boris Johnson warns against Brexit 'delaying tactics'
If Brexit happens Wales, which is where I'm from and had to leave in the '80s because of the economy, will be even poorer still. Welsh incomes are only 70% of the UK average. It has the poorest region in N Europe and Westminster is not going to replace the £5bn pa EU subsidies
the truth.
Shows their claims the young are abandoning Labour over its position on Brexit is bollocks.
Bastards. You've done it now. Now we can't have a proper english breakfast
Leaving under WTO Rules is EXACTLY what we need, anyone voting for rubbish deal needs mental help #Brexit
But it's been very noticeable on the #antibrexit &amp; events I've been on how many of those peopling them were age 55+. May not be majority of total in age group but are passionate to #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain.
Our Britain First, #BrExit -media promoted murder started this bullshit. Important to deny them any gains.
Anyone else storing their post #Brexit calories #stockpile on their belly?
#Brexit poll on Sky News - please vote and retweet
The latest UKIP Middlesbrough News! #brexit #business
I think it's time to understand Laura, Brexit at this stage, is or should be put in palliative care ha.
The meaningful vote is tomorrow....Deal or No Deal businesses need to act. Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the vote and what this means as we head towards 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
GREAT! At last, SOMEONE refuses Putin his heart’s desire.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers via
Dirty protest time?
You’re not shaping #Brexit, you’re shaping remain to look like Brexit.
"The global air freight market is likely to benefit from a no-deal Brexit and from potential crises around the world this year." Learn more about this here:
Final EU madness: If Brexit is delayed Brits will vote for an EU government in MAY!
They love to sensationalize everything now a-days just listen to Laura Kunessbrerg Brexit she’s out of control
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
No one gives a fuck about brexit mate stop this nonsense and unblock gout! He tried to forgive you and you threw it in his face
If Shakespeare were alive today , he would be writing a play on brexit called "Much ado about taming the shrew and Henry 8th laws ,vs Labours Love Lost a comedy of errors"
Yeah but blue though.
harder than divorce
thanks for nailing it: #Brexit is about migrants and #FOM
We have a rescheduled meeting with our MP this week. A lot of people in the constituency want to engage with her over Brexit and contributed to our message board. Pls let us know if you have something you’d like us to ask her.
330k people want no deal!! Ignore us at your peril #WTOLetsGo
Mainly it's shocking that she can't trust the Tories' pairing.
The #Brexit dividend Total power in Westminster. Dystopian reality
Prime Minister Theresa May was on Monday to ramp up warnings to MPs poised to reject her EU divorce deal that failing to deliver Brexit would be “catastrophic” for British democracy.
With a 100% Remain the Brexit dream dies for another generation. With even a partial Brexit it acts a foothold to continue our escape. I want a 100% Brexit now but pragmatically it just isn’t going to happen.
has just been asked if she really believes she’ll win the #Brexit vote tomorrow. This was her response #C4News #Skypapers #Bbcpapers #Newsnight #PeoplesVote #GTTO #UniversalCredit #PMQs
Brown or red sauce on a bacon butty? Same guidelines as brexit vote to be applied, just the 2 options and no other!
Found this in the replies of a pro brexit tweet... Watch out, they walk among us.
BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK He's a TORY WHIP
We all want to see the back of this Tory government and a Tory brexit.
Ship,sinking, rats...
Brexit is against the will of the people.
Really want to rewatch spongebob again. Its such a good show and its iconic. #RIPStephenHillenburg #Nostalgia #Squidward #SpongeBobSquarepants #KrustyKrab #Plankton #SquadGoals #brexit
Roll up - Roll up: Another benefit of Brexit: Pending paper shortage may prevent printing of The New European and Guardian.
When the PM warns of the dangers to democracy of not Brexiting, why does she ignore the dangers to democracy of enforcing a Brexit won through gerrymandering, deceit &amp; the criminality of the Leave campaign?
The truth, whether remoaners like it or not, is in the paperwork. Ties UK 2 eu indefinitely which DOES NOT DELIVER BREXIT!!!
F*ck brexit. But I’m beyond caring now. It’s all looking a bit too Orwellian for me these days, I’m just gona live my life and hopefully I’ll be brown bread before big brother watches me take a shit every day.
Dominic Raab said 'loyalty does not pay' and people reacted exactly how you would expect
good bitch
Representatives of German &amp; British Higher Education institutions meet at and #GermanU15 roundtable in #Berlin to discuss future of European science and HE cooperation after #Brexit:
The Prime Minister’s chances of getting her Brexit deal through Parliament have suffered another blow, as one of her own whips resigns his post to...
Yay! No Brexit then, that’s great news
This is a pro-Brexit poll, so anti-Brexiters might like to vote and RT? Just a suggestion... #PeoplesVote #ToriesOut #BrexitShambles
'When the withdrawal agreement is rejected, it will be time for MPs to reassess their positions. With trust in politicians at an all time low, they should take this opportunity to restore faith and work together to deliver Brexit properly.' |
We didn’t ask for a Remain PM ( It was done to pacify the Remainers)or a Remainer negotiating team to sign us up to a Withdrawal Agreement that isn’t even Leaving,don’t blame Brexit voters who voted to Leave..
Correct, I fear.
At least three English universities have breached their banking covenants in the past few years. Brexit is making things worse for the cash-strapped sector (via )
I don't think very many people wanted a 'gung ho Brexit'. I know I didn't. A decent negotiated settlement that was the equivalent of a 'quickie' divorce would've been best. An open wound that will bleed for many years to come is the worst. This is what May's deal is.
Imagine thge deal goes through and we have a deal that most people didn't want. Will that solve Brexit or the division caused? The government needs to stop telling others to get real and take a look at itself
This inept surrender of British interests on many fronts is solely down to May, who disposed of not one but two Brexit secretaries along the way. With no-one to blame but herself, May's position is obviously very exposed.
Preparing for the worst: Britons stockpile food in case Brexit causes shortages
#Brexit If everyone applied Tory whip Gareth Johnsons’s remarks “The time has come to place my loyalty to my country above my loyalty to the government “ then we wouldn’t be in this mess! Our PM is putting her self interest first, not our National Interest.
Feel like taking tomorrow off, getting a bag of cans and watch shit go down #Brexit
NBCNews: The fate of Brexit is deeply uncertain as the UK parliament is likely to reject PM May's deal on Tuesday night.
Brexit: Being Human.
"Please don't leave, we need your cash and we haven't finished stealing your manufacturing plants and moving them to EU countries..."
#MondayBlues #BrexitChaos We need a #PeoplesVote now it is clearer to the madness of #Brexit. #Remain
Just to spell this out very simply. I’m not advocating that anyone (even you) is silenced or no-platformed. I’m stating that, in my subjective view, there is a moral difference between those in receipt of fat BBC fees espousing bile on Brexit from those who are not so remunerated
Is this a parody?
Interesting thread from my genre accumulating colleague. #FBPE
The most important week in politics re : Brexit, but still the LFI shills have anti Palestine at the top of their agenda !
How meaningful IS this exactly?? Cos it kinda seems like there's always votes and we're always being told that THIS is the deciding vote and nothing ever seems to move on.
The government is forced to consider a #Brexit Plan B, a new Pacific trade deal comes into force, and the #ChinaUS trade war de-escalates – find out more in the Galvin news round-up.
Even the people doing brexit think it’s dumb
LIMP ASSURANCES .....!!!
Spot on from Brian Monteith.
… UK Government failed to assess the impact of Brexit for UK and EU before staging EU Referendum. Leave campaigns have both been found to have breached Electoral Law and ought to be regarded as 'illegal'.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Why we hate our MP's #Brexit #BrexitVote "Not voting for this deal, its terrible." or "This deal neither satisfies Leavers or Remainers" Then... #NoDealBrexit BECOMES POPULAR MP's reaction... "Okay I'm gonna vote for it even though it's terrible."
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
#LeaveEu in FULL..................Brexit news: Jean Claude Juncker and Donald Tusk's RESPONSE - Brexit letter IN FULL
So does this mean here in Northumberland we don't have to worry anymore about analyses from your government - the ones that showed the north east economy will be 11% worse off after Brexit? #PeoplesVote
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Scotland can't be in the passenger seat if the UK is driven off the Brexit cliff - Ian Blackford
In a infinite stochastic reality, No logical basis or mind big enough to comprehend &amp; compute the relative merits of Brexit Deals! Toss a coin if you don’t Trust #TeresaMay, don’t worry if Boris Brains Johnson thinks you look stupid as the tosser doesn’t have a clue either!
Brits. Evil took her mind out. The tolerance kills the spirit of the nation! You do nothing about this, 'cause they told you to be observer. This is your real problem. Not Brexit. Don't tolerate rubbish, which will kill you as a nation. Remember your real roots! Don't give up!
Of course he doesn't, because the game in politics — and it is quite wrong — is to win the election first and then decide the truth second.
Some Tories willing to Cancel Brexit to save Business &amp; jobs Less caring 'F¥¢K Business' brothers &amp; billionaire hedge fund/media masters have another agenda Blinded to the truth, claiming Brexit has lost no jobs in car industry, financial services, manufacturing, food &amp; farming
After #BorisJohnson damaged the case of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, I have no respect or consideration for him, so I’m not remotely interested in anything he says or does. Perhaps he would see reason were he imprisoned.
Proof, if it were in fact needed that #ClimateChangeIsReal. We here in the EU are comitted to tackling #climatechange unlike the UK who are running away and leaving us to fight this battle alone. If we want to save the planet, then we must persuade the UK to overturn #Brexit
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
According to this roughly, if you put 25 of one of the conservative brexit groups voting for and even if you add in some labour MPs that could vote for it +DUP you still only get to 234 for the deal. You'd need all "wavering brexiteers" and 46/68 ultra brexiteers to get to 320
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
It's as if the BBC have no awareness that brexit vox pops highlight their failure as a public service broadcaster.
Yes quite! When we talk about almost 40% from Europe, it's to highlight how we'll be impacted in a post Brexit world
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Unless she's booked in for a caesarean she'll have the baby when the baby is ready to come. Can't stop Mother Nature, even for the brexit vote.
Could hardly do worse than the May betrayal
I could do with getting properly involved again. Brexit is taking up so much of mine and my businesses time I have forgotten what the politics of hope is, or the feeling of engagement or critical deep discussions.
Can't we all just fight to defend our prosperity? A bunch of malcontents were persuaded by liars to vote for the single dumbest idea in all of human history. Despite your generous offer to defend my voice, brexit is a stupid idea lacking any merit, logical or financial benefit.
‘We’re going to kick off if we don’t get what we want, hint hint’ has become rather the central message of brexit, hasn’t it?
Not in My Name. The collapse of #UK #democracy #MPs that are meant to represent the people, respect votes &amp; implement decisions are showing total contempt for democracy &amp; voters plotting against #Brexit using Parliament tricks &amp; amendments to overthrow our vote! Leave means Leave
Extend article 50 Talk to Brussels again Make sure the backstop isn't permanent That's brexit sorted
Much has been reported/said about how 'No Deal' will effect the UK (all of it debatable as this has never happened before so no one really knows) but I have seen little opinion about how a 'No Deal' would effect the EU. Can you shed any light please? #Brexit
As for ‘decisive’... Some people voted Leave as they saw a bus with a lie painted on it, many have changed their minds as #Brexit consequences have become clear.
Yes had phrased it wrong meant No Brexit that's without a drink.
The idea of Loser's Consent is something that I've been talking around recently regarding the Euref. It's neatly sums up why the Brexit vote has been such a mess. The govt/Brexiteers have shown no sign of willingness to do anything to get 48% of voters on board.
Will you be writing to your MP to back a second Brexit vote?
Theresa May gives Brexit speech at Portmeirion in Stoke-on-Trent
Hundreds buy 'Brexit Box' amid food fears
Delving shows that being in the EIB does help UK social housing &amp; there would be less support after a Brexit , with some if a few is paid and staying in the EEA HT
Some people are stockpiling food, medicine and even pet treats in anticipation of mass shortages after a no-deal Brexit. Are they overreacting, or should we be following their example? Jo Elgarf doesn’t look like you would imagine a prepper ... #EU #EUpol
74 days to go! No need to break out the champagne yet, but we could stick a bottle in the fridge for later. #Brexit
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' -
Great piece by
Always asking the important questions!
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
your almost in as much trouble as
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Have your say: What is the most likely outcome over Brexit?
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
I for one am very excited to hear about these new “side deals” #brexit Britain will be getting. Do Tell us about these Melanie!
Just switched on to and the Tory spin is still going on with the lies that the May deal delivers Brexit. No it does not it makes uas a vassal state under EU rules you bloody clown.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Absolutely correct!
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
Lovely.
Ooh me too, thanks
#Cybwarfare #IPAintFREE IT COSTS! #GovernmentShutdown #Brexit #Trump #fakealgorithms diverting #income and #solutions to the .01% #enoughisenough #stalkarazzi tactics!
In 2015, Gareth Johnson had a majority in Dartford of 12345 I hope this helps with the #Brexit debate #12345
Not since the brexit campaign have I seen such a spew of ignorance, lies, and fear mongering. There should be a law against this sort of stuff.
And it's full of choice 'objective' journalism such as Brexit myths debunked with no evidence and balanceed tabloid articles about 'the truth', all hand picked by Tim Martin.
BBCNEWS 6:12am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: Allowing no deal would be 'height of recklessness; BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: No Brexit would do...
If brexit has taught us one thing don’t believe a politician I’d rather listen to the people doing the job And therefore she’s talking bollocks
blatant anti ps4 bias this is why we got brexit #gamersriseup
Excellent piece by with shoutout to
Light blue.... like the very substance of Brexit itself
My Prime Minister
If Brexit doesn’t happen, then Britain isn’t a democracy
Honourable to democracy and the will of the majority. #StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
Ridiculous that she can't vote from hospital
Even the people doing brexit think it’s dumb
#TheresaMay Try harder, your content doesn't seem to be working. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #number10 #MondayMotivation
For those who lived through the panic around the potential millennium ‘computer bug’ of 2000 which prompted this handy publication from HMG, where’s the equivalent #brexit edition so we can be reassured when nothing happens!
A great thread which is very much what I have been thinking about this over the last two days as well. Albeit with a more 'values' driven focus for thinking about who might be moveable.
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
Before Members of Parliament cast their votes on the #WithdrawalAgreement tomorrow, read out the complete transcript of PM Theresa May's ( ) #Brexit speech in Stoke-on-Trent. #EuropeanUnion #PoliticalDeclaration #BrexitVote #Backstop
What still surprises me is that those who voted remain and still want to cancel Brexit cannot see what is happening in the EU. Are they all happy to stay in an increasingly dictatorial EU Federation? Merkel et al want sovereignty given up and then.......
But the vote was rigged as we now know the brexit leadership admitted telling lies to win the vote, this means it was illegal and Banks is now under criminal investigation, it won’t be long before they get to Boris et al
People are angry because #remoaners are unable to accept a democratic decision to #brexit
Is that a description of Norway or post-Brexit UK?
Here’s one for you folks . Ex Brexit Secretary who wasn’t a brexit Secretary.
“possibly no Brexit at all” James a no Brexit outcome requires a statue change in parliament. NOT happening as A50 is legal Next, Corbyn has NOT rejected for ‘personal political points’ otherwise 100+ Tory MPs are colluding with him It’s because it’s a bad deal
A Brexit deal, Stoke Newington style: Pizzeria pledges 25% off for anyone who writes to their MP backing second referendum
We need an open transparent review of UK outdated energy policy &amp; stop #SSSI being destroyed by monstrous folly New #nuclear is a political choice not an imperative
We will become great again once out of the eu and the pound will go up in value over time best thing we can do is brexit
A lot has changed since 2016 and Brexit has turned into a national embarrassment. please support giving the people the #FinalSay on Brexit, including the option to remain.
To all Members of Parliament..... As a member myself can you RT this tweet IF you intend to vote AGAINST the #Brexit Deal.
Senior Tory MP resigns whip over May's Brexit Deal
brexit
Thanks to all of those hard of thinking Leave voters - $1 trillion is leaving Britain - another benefit of Brexit
When enough people feel strongly about something .... But why did the #PeoplesVote 700,000 strong rally about #Brexit get such little coverage in the media?
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" | Zero Hedge
Oh yes and another tory resignation. No finer gov’t endorsement of this deal!
Resign and seek re-election, you are clearly a Remainer....
Top MEP Weber urges UK lawmakers to okay #Brexit deal
'When the withdrawal agreement is rejected, it will be time for MPs to reassess their positions. With trust in politicians at an all time low, they should take this opportunity to restore faith and work together to deliver Brexit properly.' |
Jeremy Corbyn's views on Brexit: a long held stance on Europe. I am pretty sure this has been corroborated elsewhere and particularly by his recent speeches. He is as sincere, believable, trustworthy and likeable as any others politician.
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Final EU madness: If Brexit is delayed Brits will vote for an EU government in MAY!
Trafalgar Square busking ethic reve'ls: "It is painted with great skill to create the illusion in the spectator that he is looking at real objects and materials" (Berger). #Buskingbrexit trompe l'oeil. No change in the 3.9% reduction in GDP growth consequent of lead Brexit deal.
This Brexit deal is a bit of a hot mess.
James O'Brien. I challenge you to a game of Brexit top trumps. I think my leave arguments will show you up for the fool you are. Up for it or scared of looking the buffoon? Sorry about calling you a fool and a buffoon. You go first. Tell me about your great EU and I'll trump it.
Looks at job description. Looks at brexit. Sure, Belfast sounds like a great place to be for the next couple of years.
majority of UK politicians have spent years 'talking for salaries and selling the idea that voting for them brings change' - whereas we can all see now.. they can't change a light bulb... and in fact have compromised the economy itself.
The debate over a second Brexit referendum: The case for a new referendum via
This is the case now, three months from exit, but had the government sought consensus for a soft Brexit before triggering Article 50 things could have been very different. Much of the anti-soft-Brexit sentiment has been generated SINCE then. Farage suggested Norway in the past.
Well said. I wish the would realise how angry people will become if they don't deliver Brexit.
Comment of the day
Does anyone actually know?
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
so now parliament can override democratic referendum that seems a heck of a lot like override democracy according to Vince cable which sounds to me like an incitement to open revolt against our constitution our democracy by this SCUMBAG that should be arrested for treason
Reasonable people?
. just stated on #LBC he does not want a second vote, nor does . So once again, if people want a leader that is decent, honest with principle and integrity - why is he remaining so nebulous? What is Labour's position on brexit in a GE?
HGF biggest UK filer of EUTMs in 2018: CompuMark. Law firm HGF filed the most trademark applications in the EU out of UK law firms last year, new data has shown #trademark #EUIPO #Brexit #IP
Is it too soon (considered in bad taste) to feature Paul Chuckle carrying Barry Chuckle's coffin at the funeral service for the latter, in your work. It was obviously a sad day, but with respect for The Chuckle Brothers, it is an extremely 'Brexit Britain' image.
The UK will be forced to follow EU guidelines on food labelling and safety post-Brexit without being part of the decision-making process, according to an expert in food legislation.
At least three English universities have breached their banking covenants in the past few years. Brexit is making things worse for the cash-strapped sector (via )
As the government faces potentially devastating defeat on May's botched Brexit deal, together with Labour MEPs, I've written to 'Dear Jeremy Corbyn, the public has run out of patience – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock'
All of it.
Missed 's #Webinar on "#UK Market Overview: Will the #Brexit Vote be Meaningful?" Catch up on it here:
(For clarity, she's having a scheduled caesarean.)
We voted Leave in a one-off vote in 2016 and the Govt. vowed to abide by our decision. There is NO mandate for MPs to do anything but obey the people. #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for.
May tries to pull lawmakers behind Brexit deal with warning, EU letter
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Brexit pressure mounts on Corbyn as ANOTHER Labour MP vows to defy him and back May's deal… #Brexit #ClickBait
REVEALED: May voted AGAINST Welsh Assembly referendum – PM accused of ‘utter hypocrisy… #Brexit #ClickBait
Sorry I watched u on #jeremyvine this morning and you do not speak for me I have NOT changed my mind on #brexit I want out even more! Be mindful the media are pro EU because they want to scare the public into remaining!
#WeakAndUnstable4indy The SNP taunter taunted.... #karma
There weren't any. The only arrests on the day 700,000 people marched peacefully through Central London were a couple of brexit supporting poundland fascists. You are not welcome in London
She supported brexit and then stood on a brexit manifesto. Since being voted on that basis, she has gone against all of that. She should resign and stand as ind
#Britain awash with idiots who couldn't fight their own shadows threatening violence. They reckon following our long-standing parliamentary process &amp; letting the people vote is not democratic. And that's just members of the government. Pathetic. #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Should be that May promises Brexit won't happen until a 2nd referendum if parliament rejects her deal...that seems to be the winning course of action. Canada has been in a similar place...2 referendums on Quebec separation. 2nd one close like Brexit but we have survived together.
just when we thought we were out, Silvio pulls us back in
They don't seem to understand what blocking the Brexit would do. You'd be inflaming the Far-Right who'd hold this up as an example of the EU elite preventing independence. It would be a short term benefit with long term political consequences.
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
Both major parties had manifestoes supporting Brexit, so you were voted in to see it through not try and block it under the guise of 'shaping' it.
Government Whips are quitting ahead of the no mans land deal #MayMustGo #ToriesOut #Brexit #GeneraElectionNow
Have your say: What is the most likely outcome over Brexit?
What larks, Iain, though you didn't recall Mr Letwin's starring role in 'Poll Tax' &amp; supporting role in 'The Great Energy Policy Disaster'. I'm rooting for May (c) first, but, if the PM continues to insist on falling at every fence, offers the closest substitute.
And another remainer trying to scupper brexit in a leave constituency! #Brexit
Let's do it Treezer! No Brexit!
Those #Hypocrites attacking #YellowVestsUK need to be able to say it's not something they would do. But they cannot. Six arrests &amp; not a single one from #Brexit supporters ANTIFA Thugs Attacking police Anti-Brexit Demo London 9th Dec 2018 via
Your leader screwed up the negotiations. Your party ran on a promise in the 2017 General Election that it would deliver Brexit when the date of leaving the EU was already set at March 29, 2019. MUST deliver on that date. Otherwise everyone will know you are FRAUDS!
Yeah and I don't like feet and inches, can we go back to cubits post brexit?
British humour at its best. Brexit Survival Packs because this time, its real! #beprepared for #Brexit
I just did. If it was possible to get the same goods at the same quality and cost (or cheaper) it would be happening already. You want a no deal #Brexit. I want the status quo. I don't need to prove the price of goods because they already are what they are.
If you want to get a sense of the scale of the Uk's lack of readiness for any #brexit at all, watch the interview on #skynews this lunchtime with business minister Richard Harrington. Only not a car crash because he couldn't get the engine started.
Brexit means percolator
That's good news. #Brexit now, negotiate later. And maybe start a free trade zone with Poland, Hungary, and other nations.
May: Risk of no Brexit at all
Labour are shit. The 6 tests are ciritcisms as we jump off the cliff and Corbyn seems pro-Brexit and oblivious to the problems of Brexit. They should remove him and either Remain or PV.
You vote on important issues of the time. The future of UK after Brexit is on the table. I think that’s worth discussing, agreeing a plan and voting on it. If people discover now that life after Brexit is bad, then that must be discussed and ultimately voted upon. That Democracy
Plus you won’t be able to fly there anyway, in the event of no-deal Brexit.
Yet the deal is not brexit, the no deal is not brexit and the options are not brexit. The politicians might as well have given a referendum on getting pigs to fly.
Patriots - Can you please do this Poll so we can show Kay Burley of Sky what we want.
via Boris Johnson mocks Jaguar Land Rover CEO's Brexit fears – 'I know more about cars' #UK_News
May's BS speech. She has no intention on delivering Brexit. All she has done so far is sabotaging Brexit.
EU lawmakers urge Britain to call off Brexit
Think I might have hit peak brexit cuisine
The had a golden opportunity to gain millions of voters, all they had to do was deliver Brexit as 17.4m people had voted for, and they would have had a huge majority of seats for many years. But they decided to destroy the party for their own personal beliefs.
England does not care about Wales. They take it for granted that it should remain poor and dependant. It's tragic that Wales voted to Brexit. It means they are suffering from Stockholm syndrome.
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
Listening to the Brexit politicians often saying the exact opposite of what they were saying even months ago makes me wonder whether the Many Worlds interpretation of quantum theory is correct and all possible histories are actually being played out
And how do you suppose that might happen ? Labour can't stop #Brexit Nor can it guarantee that the Tory Govt would agree to a *people's vote * #RealPoilitick
Tory sells himself to May for a sweetener. What's that called again when you sell yourself to someone ?
Prime Minister makes a last ditch effort to convince rebel lawmakers to back her Brexit divorce deal on #Monday warning that #UnitedKingdom is now in peril before setting out new #EuropeanUnion assurances on the deal. #MNA_English #MNA #Anglophones
This is the week when Britain will – finally – define Brexit. |
Clear links between Leave &amp; Trump . What will it mean for Brexit when Trump is shown to be a Russian asset?
The vote for #Brexit was about *everything* except the one thing it actually meant (leaving the EU). It was about racism, class, nostalgia, identity, de-industrialisation, generational anomie, political correctness. It wasn't about the EU. That's why it doesn't work. Give it up.
agreed joyce toiris will lose seats by the bucketloads im sure of it 70% of the main voters voited for brexit and labour will wipe out lib/.dems because they wil take every lib/dem seat labour are the main remain now not tories as there are far more remain mps in labour than tory
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via IN OTHER WORDS Power to the People has become Piss on the People.
Yes let’s have a #PeoplesVote
No deal #Brexit warning from and
Remainiacs - The Brexit Podcast REMAINIACS is a no flim flam Brexit podc... #Remainiacs #TheBrexitPodcast
Oh look, some good news for Gammons to feed on and use as proof that we'll thrive with a no deal Brexit.
If you accept that our wish is for a future outside the European Union, why are you putting so much emphasis on a deal with the European Union? Walk away. #Brexit
My general political commitment displayed on Google+: Most recent subject(s) &amp; comments - Poland/Gdansk; USA/Iran; Germany/AfD; Greece/Macedonia; Brexit/May - (Re-tweeting supports
As the #Brexit debate continues, revisit 's #readinglist for the best books to read on Brexit
Lawyer who coined Brexit term joins Wolverhampton firm
Approve my deal or risk no Brexit at all, British Prime Minister Theresa May will warn lawmakers Monday as she tr...
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Theresa May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal Ignore this woman's threats she constantly changes her position and lies
BBCNEWS 6:13am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: I have secured valuable assurances from EU on Brexil deal' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: Letters...
What is going on in #Brexit – and what might happen next? #EcoNews
Our weekly brief reaches VODG members every Monday with the latest news and sector developments, including guidance on Brexit 'no deal' planning
#norwayPlus: Far from uniting country/helping us ‘move on’, would likely do opposite. Misleading claims already being made reminiscent of undeliverable 2016 #brexit promises. Arguments over Brexit would continue for many years to come. #peoplesVote
Register here for our #Brexit live webcast on 23rd January when our panel will discuss developments from the outcome of the #MeaningfulVote and what this means for business: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
It is odd that none of the c150 MPs who voted for this have publicly recanted. Maybe a few looking for an escape and perhaps championing this No Deal nonsense is the way to stop Brexit ‘with honour’?
Good plan, if brexit is dumped I will celebrate with French champagne too. In fact I will make a whole feast with the delights from every country of our wonderful EU.
When Rees-Mogg next talks about the qualities of a no deal brexit ask him if this ..... his dads book.... is what he means
GBPUSD hits a Seven-Week High on "No-Brexit" Chances #ICM #Trading #FX #Stocks #oilandgas
Whilst I disagree with your overall stance on Brexit and the people's vote, you have never failed to make an interesting and valid point from which I have learned something. I found part 1 to be unfairly presumptuous and perhaps insulting, but look forward to part 2 nonetheless.
The manifesto says on several occasions that the Tories will deliver a smooth and orderly Brexit. No deal is certainly not that.
If we get a no deal for Brexit I need a new passport and have to wait a month for it come in even though I fly out a month later FFS Don't screw me over now brexit
I voted Leave but now, to protect my LGBT+ rights, I want a People’s Vote #Remainernow via
New and useful information for EU citizens living in the UK: * Most EU citizens will need to apply to stay in the UK post-Brexit. Access the link to find out what needs to be done and when to do it: * EU c…
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension PM says she does not believe UK should delay leaving EU, but does not say it never would Follow all the latest on Brexit with our live blog Theresa May has declined to categorically rule out …
What point do you really think you’re making though? Brexit has implications. We can address them, or we can pretend that the *UK* isn’t leaving the EU, or better yet, should be forced to accept what it can’t accept, and to hell with GFA.
Delusional bollocs. ‘Implementation period’ with No Deal Brexit? WTF is she on about? How do these ignorant ppl get to run public offices?
BBC really ramping up the Anti-Brexit propaganda today. Look North and Radio Leeds featuring a company in Halifax flogging 300 quid “Brexit Boxes” of dried food! #BBC
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement' 'This is a high-risk pregnancy and I am doing this against doctor's advice'
Looking at all pairs. Brexit ideal scenario with initial GBP sell of and heavy GBP buying later in longer term.
your Tory partner telling you that your line does not hold water.
I physically cannot bring myself to watch or read the news anymore... #brexit #nightmare #peoplevote
Labour MEPs ask Jeremy Corbyn to back second EU referendum
I'm sure Mr Tusk will do everything he can to negotiate a replacement to the backstop. It's just the UK govt has such a bad track record on Brexit. How can the EU trust us? We can't even agree what Brexit it.
EU advises British PM Theresa May ahead of key Brexit vote
Britian Rioting...#Anarchy Lol
I agree if they just undo Brexit. But a second Ref is saying are you sure this is what you want now that you can see more clearly what it means. Checking with the people that something won by an insanely slim majority is still what the majority wants isn't undemocratic
I can't understand why the UK prime minister would put the UK in this position, after she has been given mandate to leave EU by voters, putting UK in worse position than current terms. Why? She promised to deliver Brexit. This does not - why?
'We have a Brexit shelf': readers prepping for the no deal scenario #GuardianHealth
absolutely fascinating
Brexit timeline: key dates in UK’s divorce from EU
Nope. If only someone had stood up in Parliament and said "Brexit is a terrible idea, and that can't be denied", we wouldn't be in the mess we are now.
What a great, short video on the voting process for UK Theresa May's UK #Brexit plan. Well worth a quick look. #UKPoli
Another Tory unknown outside his own home resigns.
Brexit and The political Class: via
Crunch week begins for Brexit vote
Personally I feel the Andy Murray situation is in danger of parody. Play, don't play, retire don't retire. Please though, don't become another #Brexit metaphor.
When even the whips won't fall in line...
BBCNews : RT BBCPolitics: Labour's Tulip Siddiq 'delays baby's birth for #Brexit vote' (via Twitter
I recommend updating your CV #BrexitVote #GTTO
British pound in focus ahead of Tuesday’s Brexit vote The British pound was in focus for currency traders on Monday, a day ahead of a crucial Brexit vote in the U.K. Parliament #brexitvote #onlinetrading #investing #indeal24 #poundsterling
Mr Fry, I cannot begin to think of anyone who I would trust less to give me an unbiased, objective opinion of anything even vaguely relating to Brexit. You may be a clever, witty man but your understanding of real people's lives is precisely zero. Do please shut up and fuck off.
#Brexit is the main topic of the year but there is still a place for kittens.. Extremely rare Scottish wildcat kitten caught on camera #MondayMotivation
Was there not? Don't look like #Brexit fascists to me:
It's the Brexit vote tomorrow - but it's fair to say people are pretty fed up of it
Ireland must ‘hold its nerve’ on Brexit, says Simon Coveney
It's maybe a bit late to re-write your #UCAS personal statement but not too late to apply or add choices before and after the 15th Jan initial deadline. Take control of your future - whatever happens with #brexit welcomes Direct and UCAS applications
This sadly sums up the Brexit debacle. Only today en route to Strasbourg talking to an international investor he expressed surprise at the reputational damage being sustained by UK plc which he had never expected for a country he'd admired all his life. It'll take time to repair!
Brexit a dead horse
Enforcer in May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal
Whatever the outcome of #Brexit, we need to build strong and resilient communities across #Yorkshire. That's why I'm calling on Government to give us the powers and funding we need to face our future with confidence.
When May won the ‘No Confidence’ vote, her party rejected the no deal version of Brexit. Her party and the majority of Parliament are against it. She doesn’t need to include it in any referendum in future. If they had wanted a no deal, they would have replaced her. They didn’t
You're right, Piers. I don't want brexit, but I do want the result of the referendum honoured.
May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
Pro-Brexit Govt Whip Resigns to Vote Against May’s EU Deal via
I would NO MORE TRUST the EU and the EC than I would trust our own TRAITOROUS MP,s POLITICIANS OF ALL PARTIES, FREELOADING HOUSE OF LORDS We were promised that the referendum vote would be implemented NO IF,s NO BUTS but our REMAINER MP,s are doing what they can to stop BREXIT
Labour will not win an election with at the helm. His stance on #Brexit is less believeable than and she is in a mess.
"Bigotry" "national self destruction" Lies, plain &amp; simple Millions of lives have already been destroyed due to Tory policy in the past 8 years, 30 years, in some manufacturing &amp; mining communities It all happened in the EU Little surprise these millions thought Brexit could help
Her judgement..lol You only have to read her GE 2017 manifesto to realise she is not playing with a full deck.. Its no deal Viva #brexit
Much has been reported/said about how 'No Deal' will effect the UK (all of it debatable as this has never happened before so no one really knows) but I have seen little opinion about how a 'No Deal' would effect the EU. Can you shed any light please? #Brexit
#Samskip adds surcharges due to #Brexit
High-profile Remainers:- we need to dial down the rhetoric, the Brexit debate has become too heated. Someone is going to get hurt Also high-profile Remainers:- Brexit represents an unforgivable act of intergenerational theft.
Wonderfully entertaining misconception of democracy; and never mind the process.... Thank you for that . No self-interest in this, have you? MPs voting down May’s Brexit deal are the elite revolting against democracy | Bob Seely
Parliaments job is to do what's best for the country, irrespective of the will of 27% of the population who voted leave in 2016. Not leaving is the lowest risk option and most popular in 2019! I'll take that Sorted! #RevokeA50 #RebootBritain #RenewUK
What's very clear is that KB's constituents did not vote for Tories to negotiate any Brexit deal on their behalf. Tory MPs (even whips) can't support it. So why should he? We have a non-functioning, minority govt. An election could change that.
Bribes She is STILL going to LOSE.
The fate of Britain hangs in the hands of the MPs. Are they to be trusted with such an decision? #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Weekly Brief – May’s Brexit deal hangs by a thread | Following the recent Grieve amendment, the chances of Parliament passing PM Theresa May’s Withdrawal Agreement tomorrow look very slim. A rejection would force Mrs May to unveil a Plan B... READ MORE:
Brexit uncertainty prompts Japanese bank to go Dutch
The EU will object
We had a vote, you lost and want another chance to vote the same way again. There's no right or wrong about an individuals decision on brexit, but trying to re-run the thing because you lost *is* wrong.
Brexit news - live: Theresa May urges MPs to back her deal in last-ditch speech after EU reassurances over Irish backstop The Independent Theresa May has warned parliament could block Brexit, as former Tory ministers wrote to MPs urging them vote down…
The only way legally Brexit can be stopped is if the Government not Parliament if the Government stops it.
Sack May, for Country's sake, a far better idea. BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Theresa May saying that if MP’s don’t vote for the deal they risk no #Brexit at all. Is that a hint that she would consider a second vote or even revoking article 50? Interesting...
"My next witness is disgraced former..." #CommonSense #CommonPeoplesVote #RefElection #REFELECTION
#DominicGrieve can claim what he wants, but it is his actions that speak the loudest. #UK #Brexit #Conservatives #Parliament
If anything the tweet is another vent at the existence of the People's Vote. I'm sure if it was young people, itd be 'Remoaners trying to steal my future' The line itself may be bollocks, but it is true that a higher percentage of older age groups voted for Brexit than any other
A must watch if you care about truth... Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
So why should you plan for Brexit now? Even without complete clarity of what form Brexit will take, planning now puts your business in a position to take charge, adapt, and grab new opportunities! #BeyondBREXIT
Opinion polls show (give or take 2/3%) the same results as they did on polling day. Don't underestimate the pro-brexit feeling from a very large proportion of the nation.
Stop yourself loosing out from Brexit, purchase the Kanoo Buy Back Guarantee with your Currency for £3.50 per currency. When returning your currency.. 210 Euros with BBG = £196.66 210 Euros without BBG = £174.19 *Based on rates of exchange 14/01/19
There really ought to be more protestations about this. Once Brexit is settled we ought to make HS2 our next item on the agenda.
I liked a video EP.699: Danny Dorling Discusses What Caused Brexit, David Bowie's Bandmate Woody
Yet another trap! We can see it why can't ? #Brexit #NoDealBrexit
As usual, lies upon lies by the leavers. Along with the £350m per wk for the NHS and more. I've got quite the collection of lies told by leading Brexit buffoons, but I guess even sharing them would have you rationalize why it is all good.
There are also many brexiteers who have changed their mind and want one. So your factually incorrect. Which doesn't surprise me if you support Brexit.
great article- MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
BBCNEWS 6:14am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM says no Brexit more likely than no deal ', I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: I am working to get the deal...
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
Hold on, why the media make all this #Brexit to look so scary. It’s a Brexit, not war. The people still can travel free anywhere in Europe and UK. Yeah, maybe no more work permits and restriction how long we can stay but I don’t think the Brexit will go that far
Pure hypocrisy.
Matt: I be next Theresa May, bro! Luke: As there may be no Brexit! #brostwins #anagram
Brexit explained?
The question on the referendum ballot paper was Should the UK remain a member of the EU, or leave the EU? Not should the UK remain a member of the EU, or leave the EU with conditions? May's Brexit deal is not what the people voted for, she should not be allowed to hijack Brexit.
Bought
taking back control.
Andrea Leadsom still on her feet on the commons asserting that there is a #brexit dividend...ffs
Raab's quick-fix idea for late capitalism, "asbos for anti-competitive businesses" ( is a bit like trying to fix a severed arm with a sticking plaster.
The clattering train approaches the bend Brexit it cries as brakes it doth rend The hand at the wheel talks a fair game But the elected assembly bray all the same As the chattering masses thunder in vain Just who is in charge of the clattering train?
“Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?" "That depends a good deal on where you want to get to." "I don't much care where –" "Then it doesn't matter which way you go.” (Alice in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll) #Brexit BBC News
Perhaps #Dartford Tory MP Gareth Johnson resigned because he didn't think May’s Brexit deal made poor people destitute quickly enough After all, he voted Against a decent pay rise for public sector workers such as nurses 14X for the Bedroom tax 53X to cut welfare benefits
Man..... i mean.......,are you for real? Putin.....? You honestly believe he orchestrated Brexit? Send me some of that stuff that you are on mate. I mean.... Goddamn.
"Disruption from Brexit and trade wars could mean uplift for air freight" Read this thought-provoking piece by here:
And if I hear one more effing Tory utter compassionate once more I'm going to puke. Never mind the DISGRACEFULL shambles of brexit, their domestic policies are UNBELIEVABLE, everything is on the cheep, it's ALWAYS save a £ but always spend or waste £2 somewhere down the line.
Really looking forward to seeing which Labour MP's vote with Theresa May's Brexit deal tomorrow. And the reactions of their respective CLP's.
Blain: “The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k”
Come on #fbpe #stopbrexit and #sodem crew #savethenhs get voting!!
The UK enters a historic week with no idea how it will end
More than 100 #European #Parliament members from various political wings signed a letter to the #British public on #Monday asking them to reconsider the #UK impending and controversial #Brexit . #MNA_English #MNA #Anglophones
Yes, LIVE now on accusing of playing games on Brexit Well, what was doing calling election in 2017 when she should have been focused on Brexit? She was playing opportunistic games and got her fingers burnt #nebulous #BrexitVote
Simple summary.
This guy is empty do not waste your vote or time on him. Someone out there start a new party I can vote for.
The Brexit vote:- UK CITIZENS WHO DID NOT VOTE… 12,949,258 ….28% UK CITIZENS WHO VOTED TO LEAVE. 17,410,742 ….37% UK CITIZENS WHO VOTED TO STAY… 16,141,241…. 35% Total of British people who could vote... 46,501,241….100% Democracy based upon the majority of people?
Do you think brexit will happen? Out of the customs union out of the single market out of the European Court of Justice this is what was on the referendum
Please note. The European Court of Human Rights is NOT in part an EU institution. Is its not a totally separate institution, arising from a separate treaty which pre-dates the EU? It would remain in place whatever version of Brexit or non Brexit happens.
17m people might well raze parliament to the ground.
#Mondayblues #Brexit madness. Now it is clearer the true impact of #Brexit, the people deserve a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
2) You can review any topic: from immigration to globalization, Brexit...His speeches, views are the ones of the reactionary European far-right. I really can’t stand anymore to hear about the epic hysteria of this man and his cheerleaders. It’s not funny anymore, it’s dangerous.
Let's clarify then. Brexit damages Britain.
#Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
See Tuesday &amp; Thursday for the fascist view on Brexit proceedings.
It’s a good plan and if Joanna et al can make it happen then I would be very happy 1. Soft Brexit 2. Indyref power moved to Holyrood 3. Other powers ie immigration to Holyrood A soft Brexit makes Indy easier to achieve.
I've been brexit stockpiling for weeks. I have 27 loo rolls stashed in a cupboard.
#BREXIT: AUSTRIAN FOR MIN SAYS WHATEVER BREXIT OUTCOME MAY BE, BRITISH CITIZENS IN AUSTRIA CAN REST ASSURED THAT THEY WILL STILL BE WELCOME AND THEIR RIGHTS WILL BE PROTECTED
Last copy I read had arch Remainer and EU lickspittle Robert Peston given a page to peddle his anti-Brexit bile. Doesn't sound fascist to me.
He added that it was strange of David Cameron to use the 50%. On top of this, are there any tangible positives of Brexit? #RevokeA50 3/3
Tame media is anti-Brexit like her...
Well well well looks like you can only vote against a referendum result if its not Brexit
I hope this happens, but I doubt this will come to pass as long as the Conservatives continue to bungle Brexit.
A disgrace voting to save himself over the interests of this country! even in such grave circumstances, he will enable this government to continue! A betrayal to this country and its citizens
'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears - BBC News
Speltip 14: 'M(a)y way or the highway' alleen in uiterste nood inzetten
"Brexit: what the hell's going on, exactly?" asks
The latest Small Business Focus! Thanks to #brexit #google
A lot has changed since 2016. now is the time to take a deep breath and tell the people that the Brexit promised was never deliverable. Please support giving the people the #FinalSay on Brexit, including the option to remain.
“I knew that #Brexit backstop would come in handy”
"For the country's sake" let’s hope Theresa May’s deal fails and Brexit is stopped. Full stop. #Brexit
"applying for around 50 licences in the Netherlands for services that were previously licensed in the UK by broadcast regulator Ofcom."
How dare you treat the British people with such contempt. You were elected under a manifesto which promised to deliver Brexit. You are a conceited clown if you think the people will put up with you and your antics. Roll on the next GE- you are Deluded
Did anyone else get a text over the past few days outlining passport requirements post #Brexit? Something along the lines of needing a minimum of 6 months left on your passport if travelling within the EU?
#ColdWarHistory #BREXIT Cabinet Office have partially declassified the 1966 Party report on overseas resupply of the UK after a nuclear attack. Timing couldn't be more relevant. As now, the UK didn't hold a medicines stockpile. Apparently Government planning has always been crap.
She has lived in a world where Leave won 89/11 and she had a majority of 160
"There is a risk that Parliament will try to frustrate Brexit" says PM . More incriminating evidence of her true anti~democratic ideology. Kick her out with the rest of her Brexitards! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #FBPE #BrexitShambles #Brexit=#Brexshit
100 turkeys not wanting to vote for Christmas! They had from June 2016 to get another job which is more time than many in industry get when work is siphoned off to Europe!
Lets face it, Theresa May making plans for Brexit is like Nigel Clough preparing for the Carabao Cup final.
Many Labour members won't be happy with this.
Do Dennis Skinner and Jeremy Corbyn make your little anti Brexit list too
Tory Brexit's just a con trick Another Tory crime Unregulated corporate rules To make a penny, make a dime Tax the poor, relieve the wealthy, stash the cash, abuse the tennant, screw you, screw you fuck your pension, fuck your education, fuck your welfare... #BrexitShambles
Dream on. All they want is to stop Brexit. JC is a Eurosceptic and has been absent / inactive during the referendum and the current crisis That's why he's being criticised. Also - check out what #FBPE say about the Government. There's no discrimination Sometimes JC is wrong
The Tory government looks set to collapse this week if, as expected, May fails to pass her Brexit deal. This will mean a vote of no confidence and an imminent General Election. You can therefore consider Progressive...
Parliament voted to leave when they triggered Article 50 &amp; the referendum result was to leave. #Brexit
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved
So what will happen to our werewolves post-Brexit? Will the government guarantee to maintain the subsidies? If not, how will our werewolves compete with continental lycanthropes?
Brexit vote next week amid global growth concerns
Slight hyperbole. However, if you think a No Deal Brexit isn't going to create huge problems, then we're not going to get very far.
Couldn't care less any more. Getting boring now. Brexit guff = look at fluff. Oawwwwwww...
I look at things like Brexit as more of a symptom. It’s the same with the election of Donald Trump and other nationalist candidates in Europe. I think 2008 is the key. Liberal democracies failed (like the Great Depression) and made movements like this popular.
Brexit vote next week amid global growth concerns
Whats your thoughts???? I know what I want #nobrexit
We need a modern Parliament that mirrors the changes in society. Only PR will do this.
In one timeline, #Brexit dies tomorrow. I hope I live in that timeline.
Parliament is so antiquated (and sexist), particularly its ridiculous voting system. It needs wholesale reform and modernisation. This is not the first woman MP this sort of thing has happened to. I can think of Jo Swinson and Laura Pidcock as two recent examples.
The internal politics of the Conservative Party always made compromise impossible but any form of Brexit is so far inferior to present arrangements (either economically or politically) that even a “soft” Brexit would have struggled to gain public or Parliamentary acceptance.
Of course there are the likes of IDS and Esther who are supposedly Pro-Brexit, and these people are bad. However, the mistreatment of the public is happening IN the EU, and they were given the reigns by David and Theresa.
Traitors like you await deselection. Not only are you a traitor to your party but also to the British people, for which we pay you £70k per year!
Tory whip quits day before crucial Brexit vote Sent via
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' desperate measures
CONFIRMED BY THE EU: No time limit on backstop, no unilateral exit mechanism. We will not leave the backstop. The EU has zero incentive for us to leave the prison. This deal MUST be voted down #brexit
Notice the emphasis on #Switzerland, because, at least if they had to, then most people in Britain could probably live with free movement from there. But there are not 70 other countries like Switzerland. #Brexit #LiamFox
It doesn’t serve the 17.4m’s vote. It serves UKIP policy, keeping your status as a protest party going after we leave the EU. You were always going to claim Brexit wasn’t a true Brexit. Look what happened to you in the polls straight after the Referendum.
This Scottish Budget protects and invests in Scotland’s public services amidst Brexit chaos and UK austerity. The will deliver additional resource funding of almost £730 million for health and care services.
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal' via
Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal YOU CANNOT LEGALLY REVERSE THE DEMOCRATIC VOTE OF 17.4 MILLION PEOPLE &amp; THINK THAT'S NOT GOING TO CAUSE MASS CIVIL UNREST REMOVAL OF THE P.M. LOSS OF RESPECT FOR ALL MPs &amp; A POLITICAL REVELOUTION
According to the remain campaign before the vote took place, we were told brexit would cause the following World war 3 A reccession Loss of millions of jobs No food no medicine An emergency budget would be required House prices would fall All lies
We DO NOT have any Brexit deal because Mrs May &amp; the EU have been plotting to remain in the EU from the start. The current deal is remain &amp; the alternative is another referendum. The British public have been cheated and screwed over.
Big Brexit = big satan Little brexit... hmmmm Remain is far less dreadful but not dynamic Evolving remain is the deluxe cake We need to sit on it
Rebels hatch bill to delay Brexit
Theresa May asked the electorate to back her hard brexit in GE17 and lost her majority. Labour manifesto was for continued membership of SM &amp; CU so remainers voted for them to send a message to TM. With FPP it is difficult to vote for what you believe in in the UK
Neil Warnock is an L
It keeps falling apart "Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live"
If sir Winston Churchill was here right now he would put this lot of pro remainers come remoaners to the fireing squad for betraying brexit and country and lost of all 17.4 million brexiteers that will come banging on door of 10 downing street shouting hang the bitch treason
Ahem.
Coward. Been handed a sweetener. Again, MPs serving personal interests over loyalty to the country.
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via wow
Amid reports that Britain may open a military base in Guyana after Brexit, I checked out what UK oil firms are working there. This is what I found
- I remember him. He used to part of the Brexit experiment. Got it wrong though.
If Brexit falls Parliament falls
The structure of our democracy needs to change .. the power of the parties must be diminished and our MP's power increased by making them directly accountable and sackable by their constituents
24 hours to vote down Brexit - EMAIL YOUR MP
The latest Pinoy Reporter News Picks! #ausopen #brexit
A “manufactured” Brexit migrant crisis masks new risks ahead: In late 2018, small flimsy boats carrying mainly Iranian…
Global Derek fire ten for kind kin family 14 for 'Tina took care of the homeless at the day centre' for kin fire fingers the end of violent rule super nature for shares heaven on earth crushing greedy pigs of #BREXIT #democracy #nwo #xyz
"Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain" - Friedrich von Schiller Let's hope not. #Brexit
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
James "I saw it sir, I saw it" Cleverly on Just can't take him seriously after that #brexit
Things could be about to turn really shitty with #Brexit
PLEASE VOTE - Sorry for shouting.
Don't know what compassionate Government Esther McVey has been part of, certainly isn't the Tories I have been watching!
Reminder: Brexit doesn’t stop illegal immigration. Brexit prevents legal settlement by European citizens.
. tells us the Brexit referendum result doesn’t compare to Welsh Devo ref result in 1997. In the latter people had a clearer idea of what the consequences would be.
EU lawmakers urge Britain to call off Brexit
Parliament will become irrelevant if brexit is not implemented
chiming in from brexit britain to say: I'm not fully clear on what Charles entertainment cheese even is but I know this is a good own
Remember this is the fucker that told us before the referendum that we could leave the EU and stay in the single market and customs union. He played an important part in subverting the referendum result!!! When Brexit fails, as it will, make sure you blame the right people!!!
This man and the rest of the muppets that have led us here with such blatant BS must exit off the public scene. They shame us.
EP.699: Danny Dorling Discusses What Caused Brexit, David Bowie's Bandmate Woody Woodmansey! WATCH HERE: (Make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel to never miss a single episode!)
Brexit is a result of rampant nationalism in Europe. Bannon has been busy spreading his populist manure. We’re in very troubling times.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
come on Tobias get the letter in why waste the time with empty threats. Have some balls for once in your life. Brexit wasn’t a deal or no deal it was leave the EU. It’s you politicians who have spent two years screwing it up not the electorate.
So what is the policy for Labour in a GE with regards to brexit?
Pound hits seven-week high on eve of vital Brexit vote
The British pound on Monday hit a seven-week high against the dollar as UK Prime Minister Theresa May delivered an upbeat speech on the eve of a key Brexit vote which she is expected to...
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via
The latest The Daily Universe! #ausopen #brexit
Not true. They voted A50 showing open mind. The issue is the after more than 2 years of negotiating and 3 Brexit ministers we would have a Deal much worse than what we have now so #RevokeA50 #PeoplesVote
Where are these post-#Brexit trade deals? #LiamFox had one job. The Conservative Right is always like this. The occasional appointments to the Cabinet as sops to it have always been, either just rubbish, or a very great deal worse than that.
Leave was only supported by 37% and that only following an illegally funded campaign based on lies. Brexit is hugely damaging to the nation and its people. #peoplesvote
‘The UK after Brexit - a bright future for small businesses, workers and consumers’ wheres the financial evidence then????? Whers the data clearly indicated that we the UK consumer will be pounds richer after brexit?/??/ its does stack up Dom!
He's why people voted labour #GTTO there's more to it than just #Brexit
Is it me, or is there a distinct lack of Black and ethnic minoirty voters in OFOC and these young person remain campagns, looking very much dominated by eltist white middle class liberal offspring.
It’s long, but putting a PV without a labour deal makes it look like they don’t care about leavers, only stopping Brexit.
Even own whips cant support the deal, When you lose the vote Prime Minister....do the right thing and RESIGN!!!!
We DO NOT have any Brexit deal because Theresa May &amp; the EU have been plotting to remain in the EU from the start. The current deal is remain &amp; the alternative is another referendum. The British public have been cheated and screwed over
Delighted to have been chosen as the official Freight supplier to deliver Theresa May's Brexit plan to the House of Commons.
I blame Obama.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Shes not honoured the result of the EU one
She will have confirmed that without any shadow of a doubt .&amp; also confirms that she .. . had no intention ever of taking us out completely ...she has split the country and will have ruined the Tory party ... possibly beyond repair for years ... spectre of1997 looms
#UPDATE: EU leaders Jean-Claude Juncker and Donald Tusk say they will not amend the #Brexit divorce deal but offer clarifications with "legal value" on the controversial Irish backstop clause
I think Brexit fatigue is the one thing May has that might work in her favour
The resignation of Conservative whip Gareth Johnson on the eve of Theresa May's critical Brexit vote shows the extent to which the government has lost control of Brexit. This is an utter mess. It is time to give the people the final say on Brexit
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it
24 hours to save Brexit as Boris urges MPs to defeat May's deal via
'I'm selling now to beat Brexit house price crash': should homeowners gamble on a property market slump?
Rejecting Brexit deal would take UK ‘back to square one’ – May warns MPs
the liskeard population voted for Brexit, this deal helps your constituents, please will you vote for the PM’s deal?
good god ! the drama !
That’s all great. With you. See your point. Now. Where are my tomatoes?
keeps spouting on about the Brexit Dividend. Her maths clearly doesn’t stretch far enough to subtracting the annual EU budget contribution from the net fiscal benefits of EU membership which even her Govt’s own figures shows a NET NEGATIVE. Stop trying to fool us!
Very Orwellian for Mrs May to refer to her Remain deal as a Brexit deal and to say that her deal delivers on EU2016 instructions. She also said UK has always respected referenda. #1984
Boris Johnson warns of Brexit betrayal backlash against ‘deep state’ | Bailiwick Express UK
If the UK wants to shoot itself in the foot it is entirely within its rights to do so. What the UK is going to have to wrap its head round is that it no longer gets to shoot everyone else in the foot too. I think Brexit is a monumentally stupid idea. Which was sold to the...
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Geesh - why is the BBC amplifying this tosh? ‘Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears - BBC News
Me? Personally.. Seriously, this is aggressive. We were having a discussion. We live in a dictatorship under may. Hadn't you noticed? Just because you want corbyn in, doesn't mean he will win. If both conservatives and Labour back brexit, how do you think people will vote?
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
#Brexit explained: Here's where we stand and what could happen next
Does Brexit mean you should get euros out for your holidays TODAY? Experts say act NOW
You keep ignoring this question: So once again, if people want a leader that is decent, honest with principle and integrity - why is he remaining so nebulous? What is Labour's position on brexit in a GE?
Why is #Benny from #Crossroads on calling himself #Brexit #Skypapers #bbcpapers #Newsnight
4%!! It was 4 fucking %! I wouldn't bet a tenner on a 4% chance of winning twenty Nevermind the future of an entire nation! Its time to exit brexit!
: MPs have 40 sitting days before Brexit date. HOW SOON???
Third rate MP.
Reminder: Brexit doesn’t stop illegal immigration. Brexit prevents legal settlement by European citizens.
not sure how his employer being Malaysian has anything to do with brexit... last time I checked Malaysia wasn’t in Europe!
Simon Jenkins seems to think he is writing for the Daily Mail or the Daily Express these days. Like Corbyn he seems to have lost touch with the people who pay his salary. Brexit is showing up the true colours of a lot of people. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
"Isolationism has never, and will never be, the answer to the many global and international problems we must solve together with our allies. We need to have a seat at the table in order to shape the future, including reform of the European institutions."
Or even attempt to ask ordinary people, across UK&amp;NI what they would want to see as part of Brexit. It was instead a decision made by the hard Leavers within the Conservative Party and the new leadership team. Which immediately lost the govt support from a large group of the 48%
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
You'll certainly have freedom but I doubt the EU will be in any rush to offer concessions if we leave with no deal. Not only does brexit reset the negotiating capital (to zero) but it resets our trading environment 40 years into the past.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
In each direction. #brexit
Spot on.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Thanks Danny, she has very valid reason about EU power grab. Unfortunately that is just going to get worse. I share her concern on the economy, but there is no proof that it will sustain long term damage as a result of Brexit. Interesting to understand peoples motivations though.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
We leave in March with a no deal. That was the deal!!!!!
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Its just a sound bite, like the vast majority of Brexit headlines, it means nothing, white noise. CNN went to Newquay to get a handle on Brexit. Chap said he voted leave because UK pays too much money to EU. Turns out Cornwall, over 10 yrs, got £1.5Bil from EU. Guys jaw dropped.
Government whip Gareth Johnson QUITS so he can vote against May's Brexit deal
I no longer believe Britain exists
Thanks toMajor an GW Bush.
I've defended this woman because of the vitriol she has received over Brexit. But when I am reminded of this, I wonder why!
It's a wash with contentious none binding drivel "assurance" My arse. #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit This government is telling big fat lies to you masquerading as God know what! it to plain NOT to see!! #WTOBrexit is best will we get it? Who knows.I voted out with 17.4 million others
If you think Brexit is happening you must be stupid haha
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
That's politics.
the brexit vote proved that education is not a priority in the UK anyway ... so it’s all good ...
BBCNEWS 6:16am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Theresa May expected to address Parliament later" I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Labour promise m table mo'ion...
Vote #Brexit, it isn't suicide!
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
The Plan B was not in doubt. She would always have to bring one, just now within 3 days. The chaos was referring to a lot of parliamentary rowing over procedure rather than actually debating the deal. Or as Heidi Allen put it:
This man should be our next leader. Get behind him now folks! We cannot have another remainer in charge.
No such thing as a clean brexit. Food shortages, medicine shortages, massive trade disruption, that's why it's called crashing out without a deal.
"‘Unfair’ tax on wine sets ‘provocative’ mood for post-Brexit FTAs"
Tory whip quits ahead of parliament's crunch Brexit vote
No Brexit would be a disaster... for the disaster capitalists and ideological Brexiteers; and for no one else.
EU 'is prepared to delay Brexit until at least July' via
This country is broken: it needs fixing. Starting at SW1A...
Ah, yes. Of course, the salient question is "next to WHAT?" Because if there's a no deal Brexit, Nissan's no more likely to hang around in the UK than any of the other car companies will. All have plenty of plants overseas they can shift production to.
NO SECOND REFERENDUM, THESE PEOPLE WANT TO KEEP VOTING TILL IT GOES THEIR WAY !!! SACK THOSE THAT CALL FOR A SECOND VOTE, AS THEY MUST HAVE A FINANCIAL INTREST
How? All the people have to do is stand up.
Actually if we have a WTO Brexit, we'd have more certainty than if we spend the next few years bickering with the EU for a trade deal. Let's make a clean break! It's only you, the MP's that are making this more difficult than it needs to be. Stop resisting democracy!
A long way to go indeed. Incredible to hear May talk about how she is committed to upholding the integrity of democracy when she’s buying votes in the way she is.
Well the other states would want to move to qmv. Ireland might object to qmv but it would be forced through. Besides why would Ireland want to oppose it? What about all the nice things the EU has done for Ireland during the Brexit negotiations?
she promised to deliver brexit on march 31 is she failing ? then she must stand aside
Fair enough. I dare say - in a generation or so - we will get another chance at Brexit. Rather that than the negligible risk that the EU will conspire to keep us in the backstop against our will forever. (?!).
No brexit!!
Kudos for unearthing the best reason for #Brexit so far...
HARD BREXIT PLEASE
Perhaps you should review the actuality #Wales chose devolved government by a narrow margin, #Cardiff like opposed it. A larger margin of #Wales chose #Brexit again opposed by #Cardiff. Seems #Cardiff might win time supported by self interested #Wales politicians
Cardiff distance themselves from manager Warnock's pro-Brexit rant #CardiffCityFC
Meanwhile the rest of the adult population are at work, and not asking cars to needlessly beep their car horns.
Referendum vote was nearly 3 years ago. The vote was compromised by overspending, cheating and Russian interference. A no deal Brexit which will cause potential chaos to the U.K. Poll after poll shows no appetite anymore for Brexit. Why are we doing this? It’s not democracy.
Funny there’s a lot that do goes with facist, bigot as well. I think if the MP’s take control &amp; stop Brexit I think a lot of leave voters will get more vocal I’ll certainly be p1$$ed off &amp; I will make my voice heard!!
Or 200,000 like the Stop Brexit one?
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
I think more generously, perhaps, that the government has tried to find a route which delivered #Brexit but in a way to allay the fears of Remain voters. As a consequence they pleased no-one totally and left room for the current hysteria.
Also it's my birthday
True!!
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
"EU funding" = UK taxes given back to us. We were net contributors. The EU "funded" nothing.
In 50 years.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
that’s hardcore wow
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Why would it? It doesn't change the withdrawal agreement.
Comedian on making #Brexit funny – by going back to the Seventies... Catch him in our studio 27th March #comedy #MondayMotivation
Oh yes - #NoBrexit is definitely something worth looking to than #NoDeal !!!
So selfish. Think about all of the individuals at Gringotts who will have to relocate or risk losing their jobs.
This is a fabulous thread for anyone against Brexit!
Yes she’s right. If Brexit is cancelled, millions of people will withdraw their consent to be governed. That will make a WTO deal look like a picnic. A WTO Brexit is far better than the consequences of no Brexit or a Corbyn govt.
BRITISH GOVERNMENT WELL-PREPARED FOR NO-DEAL BREXIT UK WHISTLE-BLOWER: #Britain is prepared for a clean #NoDeal #Brexit, the #ProjectFear scare stories are all untrue #StandUp4Brexit STAND UP FOR #FREEDOM .
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
They never put THAT on the side of the bus!! Ha ha ha! #satire "LET'S GIVE 35 MILLION A WEEK TO MALT LOAF SLICES!" LOL. Do you get it? The bus? LOL. #politcs #brexit
Well IDS history is just as bad as May liars and both corrupt the way to take back control is to investigate the admitted lies by the brexit leadership which invalidates the vote
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
It is actually u who is inciting violence, where he has used the word liberal, how u have assumed it, r u not inciting liberals that this tweet is against them. Worry more about brexit than to tweet filth in Pakistan
Remain voter Handbook Stage 1.Patronise a Brexit voter over anecdotal evidence. 2.Become a victim when people call u out on patronising. 3.Use anecdotal evidence to prove Brexit voters are a mob. 4.Unfurl a mob a communists to destroy the Brexit voter.
Grieve &amp; Bercow are acting above their station &amp; it must be a very low station. Political #pygmies.
What's going to happen in a vote if PM says "vote NO on my deal and brexit may not happen at all"? All remainer MPs are going to vote no, fuck me Theresa, try and hide your blatant sabotage of #Brexit a bit smarter.
Leaving #Brexit for a moment. Any Air Quality strategy that does not deal with cars and planes is not worth the bandwidth its using. Particularly in urban areas where pollution is worst.
Labour Brexit splits deepen as MP comes out to back May's Brexit deal via
Why does Theresa May always look like she has done something naughty and she is afraid she will be found out? #Brexit #endthechaos #RevokeArticle50 #FinalSayForAll
GREEN WORLD TV: My deal,no deal,or no Brexit-Theresa May
Brexit Steals Time. Expect to see that on the front page of the Guardian in the morning.
There is also, the small point, the time for negotiated ENDED October 2018! Perhaps YOU could ask your husband to educate those in
Article 50 extension looking likely as crunch UK Brexit vote looms ( )
newsreader in Australia speaks more sense in this one broadcast than anyone #Brexit &lt;iframe src=" width="560" height="315" style="border:none;overflow:hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowTransparency="true" allowFullScreen="true"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;
By the time the fallout from Brexit is over, ie 50 years later, we'll be lucky if our passports are within the top 200.
It's going to be a late night for Philip Hammond. With UQ and May statement, 8-hour debate on Brexit may not start until 5.15pm at earliest. Hammond due to close for govt, so probably after 1am
Read this thread. Then weep. As a mixed nationality family, with good friends who are EU citizens contributing to this country so we can help look after our ageing population, I want to ensure that our EU citizens get the help they need to not get stuck in a Windrush style trap.
..claims that he was wrongfully imprisoned and tortured when Adamowicz's former party was part of the Polish government.. the Mayor unfortunately died… #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
EU attempts to give Brexit reassurances ahead of a crunch vote inevitable loss.
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
That's OK . Remainers will be delighted - the more you fight May the more power you give them!
Really?!!? Ridiculous, get a grip.
The truth about Brexit is the evil supporters of the Three Terrorist Countries, Israel, Saudi Arabia and USA want UK free of the Peace loving EU and move closer to them. To prove UKs loyalty to the axis of evil UKwill have to provide a gang of assassins to murder someone abroad.
Cracking video on Brexit! See through the illusion!
Says lazy, clueless, incompetent, failure who would have been sacked within a week if Brexit Secretary was a job in the real world.
The UK's Brexit deal leaves it no better than ex-Soviet states on its own road to vassaldom
We should just switch to seashells, we have plenty of those.
p 275: You wake up to the news that Remain has won by 70-30. Theresa May &amp; Jeremy Corbyn have resigned. Six months later PM Caroline Lucas presents the Great Reform Bill introducing proportional representation in the English Republic. David Lammy is England’s new EU Commissioner.
NEWS: City's 10 biggest banks spend PS1bn on Brexit plans (Financial News)($)
Interviewed as a Leadership candidate, John Redwood was asked which of his supporters he intended to appoint to the Cabinet. "Teresa Gorman in the Cabinet? Tony Marlow in the Cabinet?" Essentially the same question continues to present itself. #Brexit
She's going to extend A50 isn't she? #theresamay #brexit . 30 year extension will do me PM.
Tory manifesto promised good deal, protect trade and jobs, orderly Brexit. Since that manifesto is clearly not deliverable Tory MPs should use their judgment to vote in best interests of the country and their constituents
No one is hooting - Brexit bellends
If u bought a brexit pie that went off b4 u ate it, would u eat it? take it back or pie some1 instead? if the pie was just pastry no filling? Cuts &amp; job losses? would u buy it? Eat it? Pie some1 else? Take it back! Bake the Cake for everyone in the farmily! Pigs cows a mongoose
The Tory government looks set to collapse this week if, as expected, May fails to pass her Brexit deal. This will mean a vote of no confidence and an imminent General Election. You can therefore consider...
The resignation of Conservative whip Gareth Johnson on the eve of Theresa May's critical Brexit vote shows the extent to which the government has lost control of Brexit. This is an utter mess. It is time to give the people the final say on Brexit .news …
Me neither. I do belive UK will be worse off after Brexit and pulling out of the EU won't solve any problem.
So it's down to the activists. Remain lost the vote, such as it was, as much to non-voters as to the Leave campaigns. Not because of apathy, rather because the EU simply wasn't an issue for the vast majority of 'the people', I believe about 6% according to a poll.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
Because there is more to worry about than Brexit.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Brexit panic buy?
Our plan B to Stop Brexit.
But, is serving the poor and uneducated who voted for #Brexit. These people would never end up living and working in the EU. I too have spent 6.5 years living and working in Germany and still have a house there. UK will become a banana republic.
Given that the referendum result was Leave and your constituency vote was Leave, please confirm will you be supporting the meaningful vote on Brexit?
I’m surprised it’s that high tbh, and probably won’t be post- # Brexit… #BrexitShambles
no deal can't get through parliament so my guess is postpone A50, though they won't officially do that just yet. maybe a general election, but that doesn't change that Brexit most likely doesn't happen on 29 March eventually, there will be a 2nd referendum
Brexit proposed looks nothing like the free trade no strings attached promised by leave. not so long ago you were on telly arguing that people should've the right to change their mind. lets have a peoples vote on the truth
Hermes mitigates Brexit risk by establishing Hermes Fund Managers Ireland Limited
Well said Rob, seems their on a suicide mission, as no one in their right minds would ever vote for these muppets again if they impliment this deal! Only way they can save the party is to carry Brexit through in full!
Brexit phrasebooks and dictionaries are ten a penny. Forget all of them. This is the genuine article (50).
24 hours to save Brexit as Boris urges MPs to defeat May's deal | Daily Mail Online
downloaded dril's brexit app and said "muy lord" (that's the name of the app) "describe the centre and right of british politics" and i got this
A balanced and NOT unhinged #FBPE cult account tweets
True, but that this is the case in many European countries. And to be honest, my comment is not focused exclusively on Brexit but on economic policy as well. Middle class families are convinced by the tabloid press to vote against their own well-being!
Read! Thanks
BBCNEWS 6:17am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: | ask MPs to consider consequences of their ackions; I ' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: We have duty to...
Daniel, the point you're missing is, once 2016 ref was over, brexit should've happened quickly. Instead, because the brexit promised was impossible to deliver, it's dragged on until the original vote has become out of date. Just as out of date food must be binned, so must 1st ref
Many people do genuinely seem to believe that any Brexit deal whatsoever, regardless of short or long term cost, beats no deal. It's an honestly held view, if one that I cannot agree with.
If you play with the numbers and use it to calculate the support for a #PeoplesVote you can see it would be a landslide (assuming Labour front bench followed Labour's agreed policy)
My brother and mum are talking about #Brexit and why they voted to leave. Save me from this idiotic family please.
Opinion polls are only a small representation of the general population. There's a reason the vote of brexit became a massive shock
The ultimate bullshiter
BBC News - Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
Delivering Brexit is not a good deal. It puts the UK in a weak situation and will tie our hands when it comes to competing deals with the rest of the world.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
So.. that joke I made about using sphagnum moss... #Brexit #BrexitChaos #NoBogRoll
Hi Piers, Like you I voted Remain &amp; accepted the result in 2016. However, when evidence emerged of corruption &amp; lies I questioned the validity of the Referendum. Since then I see division &amp; animosity directed at people who are simply voicing concerns. I cannot support #brexit.
the #EU is much more fearful of #BREXIT than GB; THE EU IS A FAILING PROJECT hence GB HAS THE POWER IN THIS *NEGOTIATION* WHY HAS THERESA MAY CONSISTENTLY REFUSED TO USE THAT POWER??
My deal,no deal,or no Brexit-Theresa May
Good article, with Brexit opinions/predictions from different industries
If he does he is putting it to the very back of his mind.
I'm not 100% sure, but I think as the Rother Valley area is a predominantly ex-mining area, most of the voters from there would have voted to leave &amp; as we all now know, #Theresamay's #brexit deal is not what the leave voters wanted! #GeneralElectionNow
Stop yourself loosing out from Brexit, purchase the Kanoo Buy Back Guarantee with your Currency for £3.50 per currency. When returning your currency.. 210 Euros with BBG = £196.66 210 Euros without BBG = £174.19 *Based on rates of exchange 14/01/19
It's Brexit. You were warned
The pound edged down from a 7-week high on Monday as investors prepared for a vote on British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal that parliament is expected to vote down. What's next for the pound? Trade the news:
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins No Deal is a better option than May's deal!....
Truth be known May knows article 50 means leave after the 2 years is up also knows she can't extend the two years . No deal and resignation on the table. Resignation !!!!!!! The only way to stop brexit left
I openly declare War on all Traitors of England! ALL MP's will be arrested on sight! Im done with playing! All Police that try to stop us will also be arrested and charged with treason! You wanted war now you got it!
Trump and Brexit - all old farts stinking up our times. Need some fresh air. #trump #brexit
Brexit and climate change to dominate Fine Gael party meeting
I’m surprised it’s that high tbh, and probably won’t be post-#Brexit… #BrexitShambles
Theresa May's Brexit deal unlikely to pass, says Liam Fox | Politics | The Guardian
I wonder if #Brexit is about to cancel as per what #ToryTurd #May said on TV??? #JC4PM2019
Fully agree Sarah. So pleased you are not bowing to pressure. Well done for standing for your principles. Best wishes. Fred
Yeah, Putin undermining Western democracy by financing far right groups. And Brexit,
If Grieve et al. were so confident they were in the right, why would they stand on a specific manifesto and not run as an independent pledging to derail Brexit? Instead they've been voted into WM on the coattails of the party name, on a manifesto supporting #Brexit. Arrogance.
The debate over a second Brexit referendum: Why a second referendum is sensible via
My absolute favourite thing about #Brexit &amp; the last two years of public discourse is the sheer amount of experts in constitutional affairs and democratic process that have emerged. Who'd have thought the University of Life had such a considerable political alumni?
Please retweet - We call Boris, Jacob, Pritty, &amp; Nigel to form a party "Democratic Conservatives" Leave voting labour &amp; Tory MPs can defect to you. 20 million subscriptions in days. Take power without an election. Do It!
We also think Norway-style Brexit is geopolitically divisive: for anyone who cared to listen (ie not many Tory MPs) warned years ago that UK would not find congenial their settlement with EU.
Odey's betting on Brexit collapsing and although the fat toad is a vile, greedy bastard, he's good with money.
My thought exactly
The latest The Luis Soares Daily! #ausopen #brexit
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
Thankfully, #Corbyn ‘ s position on #Brexit has now been clarified #Labour #StAlbans
I voted LEAVE like 80,000 others from Sunderland. I didn't vote for a deal or a 2nd referendum. Your voters voted LEAVE so do your job we ask you to do. A RECALL OF MPS ACT should be started if you don't and we will vote for someone that will. Read the ECHO today, NO DEAL BREXIT.
Henry will you be voting for or against the Brexit deal.
I was using it as an example of when win doesn't mean win or a result was not respected (was a very narrow yes win in '79). Though making shit up definitely defines the Brexit vote (for &amp; against)
Brexit simple. Devalued passport, devalued currency, building barriers at public expense where none existed before!
Ah. That's why they are wearing those yellow tabards. It means they can do anything post Brexit.
. #Corbynbashing hour just begun. None of media's business what going to do next re #Brexit until they get a press release to tell them, WHEN HE IS READY TO DO SO.
Risible for you to suggest you can deliver a non-Brexit which is completely different from the "Being outside the SM, CU and ECJ" which 89.7% of voters voted FOR in 2017. NO it's not risible. It is the act of a traitor. Resign!
They don’t. I fear a #2ndRef #PeoplesVote would trigger a real crisis of democracy over an understandable sense of betrayal. People voted to leave. Although I campaigned for Remain I accept the result &amp; am committed to finding a form of Brexit that honours the 52:48 mandate.
It's always AFTER tragedy we hear call to tone down rhetoric. The same, I predict (although hope I'm wrong) will happen in the UK over Brexit. All it ever takes is one moron, or one person who is simply very ill, to be fired up. We all have a responsibility to tone things down.
Great. How about they focus on not fucking up the UK with Brexit.
Good thinking Andrew!
I didn't think his comments were inaccurate. Motor sales have declined rapidly especially in China, and Land Rover diesel sales are &gt;70% of all sales. Highly likely this played a bigger part in redundancies than Brexit. But let's blame Brexit anyways.
Here is the Record of May and Brexiteers after the Welsh and Scottish referendum. Where they ignored the results and called for another referendum.. #Brexit
On the App today for UK financial services professionals. conference dates, a 2019 economics long read article comprising lots of thoughts from our contributing economists, Richard Buxton from talking Brexit and other issues
Frank Field takes this count - which for comprehensiveness's sake will include Labour MPs who have resigned or been suspended from the whip - to four
[] i am a 53 year old single white male who lives alone // born in england to white working class parents // not ashamed // brexit []
Letters: Businesses employ due diligence when making major decisions – why can’t we do the same with Brexit?
Research which shows farmland values falling by a fifth due to Brexit may be over-exaggerated, according to an agricultural law expert
Live on Youtube from 2.30pm | Brexit withdrawal deal debate in the House of Commons ahead of the meaningful vote | Day 3 | … | #brexit #scotref #indyref2 #euwithdrawal #eu
Live on Youtube from 2.30pm | Brexit withdrawal deal debate in the House of Commons ahead of the meaningful vote | Day 3 | … | #brexit #scotref #indyref2 #euwithdrawal #eu
My brexit escape vehicle. WE FINALLY GOT IT
I love how Westminster &amp; its journalists suddenly care about Wales &amp; the Welsh Assembly. We’ve been quite forgotten in the Brexit debate.
Fall in car sales shows extent of Brexit damage -
The most brexit football manager, no debate.
British prime minister Theresa May has urged MPs to back her Brexit deal for the country's sake.
NEW | This Policy Contribution by explores the possible consequences of a no-deal Brexit for the EU, assesses preparations on the EU side and provides guidance on the optimal strategy for the EU #BREXIT #NoDealBrexit &gt;&gt;
Theresa May is giving her Brexit deal one last push before MPs vote on it tomorrow night #CapitalReports
Cabinet Ministers Back Moves To Force Theresa May To Implement ‘Plan B’ Brexit Voted By Commons #Brexit #planb
That's the 3rd Johnson... and 10 other dicks
Actually if we have a WTO Brexit, we'd have more certainty than if we spend the next few years bickering with the EU for a trade deal. Let's make a clean break! It's only you, the MP's that are making this more difficult than it needs to be. Stop resisting democracy!
Just a shame you know nothing about small business and how negatively Brexit is already impacting many of them. #Business4PeoplesVote
The leader of the #European #Parliament #Christian Democrats on #Monday called on #British #lawmakers to approve the #Brexit deal. #MNA_English #MNA #Anglophones
I would suggest that the "catastrophic breach of trust" is the ridiculous 'honouring' of an illegal, invalid result. #Brexit #Democracy #wereleavingdemocracybedamnedapparently
The only problem is if remain won then leave would want another and another. I believe leave is leave and if in a few years people want another vote. Then have another vote. EU would be glad to have UK back. But give #brexit a chance is my opinion.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
James, I value your opinion here. What are your thoughts on the level of effectiveness there is in leveraging your weakness to influence others? Relevant in two ways: not mentioned in your analysis (which is good btw) and also how Europe/EU has leveraged US/UK in NATO + Brexit.
I notice he avoided the point about farming, his former brief!
house of commons tv: starts at 2.30 ..... #universalcredit #brexit #finito #the #tories .....
An excellent position to adopt, when your’e overdosed on Brexit
#Corbynites rightly corruscated #Harman during her brief stint as stand-in leader for backing Tory welfare 'reforms' yet Corbyn takes the same approach on Brexit
that statement is gibberish. Would only work if it was a remainer saying it. A hard brexiter wanting hard brexit is not news, it is just confirmation Liam Fix is a prize numpty - and given he voted against implementing the Welsh devolution vote, a massive hypocrite as well.
UK Gov't Whip Gareth Johnson Resigns Ahead of Brexit Parl't Vote - Sputnik International
#EU intervenes on #Brexit deal on eve of UK vote #TheresaMay
Oh but 'the will of the #Socts and the Irish does not matter' as shown by media and its cronies supporting brexit! Time for #ScotlandIsNow?
No Brexit would fill most of us with joy!
Easy for him to say, for many the result of a no deal brexit would result in an economic disaster they simply wont recover from, we already have record numbers on the streets for god sake.
So tell me 'people's vote'(PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal &amp;'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #politicslive
I wish every one could see it as clearly as ! #Brexit #NoDealBrexit #WTOBrexit
The referendum was hardy a resounding majority in favour of "leave". It should have deemed that there be a clear margin either way of a least 10% or that the vote be ruled invalid as well as "non-binding". Hopefully this dead-lock will end up with us staying in the EU.
history will view as a hero.
Haha.. (except it's really not funny) but Corbyn in a nutshell. #PeoplesVote
No one could sanely suggest that would be a worse International Trade Secretary than #LiamFox has turned out to have been. No one could sanely suggest that anyone would be worse than Fox. Anyone, that is, apart from Chris Grayling. #Brexit
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension #Brexit
Remember he also observed that Parliament has outsourced its sovereignty to the ppl re. Brexit. This desperate, underemployed bigot needs to step down and book himself in a rehabilitation centre for the persistent delusional.
I agree. He has not been an example to follow. he has entertained the idea that a left-Brexit is possible (???), playing to the tune of xenpphobia and neoliberal Tories in the country. I still have hope he may change his discourse this week... but doubt it.
remember when Teresa May scared the whole economy by creating brexit
I insist, they meant to say "Jobsworth Brexit".
Great. Hope everyone votes against it and secures no brexit
should read “hundreds of morons buy Brexit box”. And damn you for your crass determination to undermine our leaving.
Forget Brexit for a moment. Bjørn Erik Edvardsen, designer of the eponymous NAD 3020 stereo amp has passed away. He brought true Hi-Fi to the masses long before i-products were even a pimple on Steve Jobs' face.
Good grief!! Tory Brexiteer appointed to Privy Council by May agrees to back her deal
A consequence of the GFA. Not the EU or Theresa May. The only way to have no backstop is to rescind the GFA. That would suit the DUP as the only party to have always opposed GFA &amp; only NI to support Brexit. Yet less than 29% of Assembly vote. Treaty breakers get bad Trade Deals!
This Scottish Budget protects and invests in Scotland’s public services amidst Brexit chaos and UK austerity. The will deliver additional resource funding of £729 million for health and care services.
It’s about you Raab not us, and despite you thinking we are thick..we aren’t and we see through you.
Cooper is the ultimate hypocrite who is spitting in the face of democracy.She has no respect for the working class and she hates democracy with a passion.She is one of the many reasons why I voted Brexit.
Just #RevokeA50 &amp; #StopBrexit now. I don't want to vote on this in the same way I didn't get a chance to vote for #Brexit first time round.
Brexit killed Brexit. Over promising the impossible killed Brexit. You’re right to vote for the deal if you want to support the ref. It’s cowardly to blame others. Flawed idea. Don’t blame Remain .
Have the country not already voted. Just get behind the PM and agree a deal. Infighting will only weaken our position. Let's not forget, Brexit is not just a conservative party issue.
Higher - Democracy in the UK - Brexit Useful link to see how your MP is expected to vote on Brexit deal tomorrow
Absolutely. Very Nasty Tory TMay's shambolic "Brexit deal" she seeks to completely ignore her Bribed DUP mates, her own Tory MPs and WE THE MANY UK PEOPLE &amp; YOUNG PEOPLE that WE want to Remain in the EU for the Benefit of the UK as the past 4 decades clearly show. Viva UK/EU.
(Top MEP Weber urges UK lawmakers to okay Brexit deal) has been published on Cyprium News -
HOORAYYYYY!!!
The resignation of Conservative whip Gareth Johnson on the eve of Theresa May's critical Brexit vote shows the extent to which the government has lost control of Brexit. This is an utter mess. It is time to give the people the final say on Brexit
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Is it? Was that actually on the ballot paper? Or didn't every Leave voter vote for their favourite imaginary Brexit?
#UK leader mounts last-ditch bid to win #Brexit deal backing #EU #TheresaMay #Britain #UKLawmakers #Parliament
You missed the vote in 2017.
No good looking up, when your going down ?
Or is it spin doctors crap like Brexit People's vote All just cheese and wine garbage
He should be deselected asap he is a disgrace and not Labour
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Pants on fire!
Ruth - do the math - there is no way the speaker and 450+ MP’s will allow no deal - one way or other they will stop it. I know it’s the default but they’ll find way to stop it (nuclear some Tories vote against confidence) let’s be realistic before Brexit is lost completely
As for THIS hashtag... Yes, lets negotiate a trade deal with a self-serving "America First!" administration and an economy six times larger than ours. I'm sure lil UK will come out golden!
May doesn't care .... she's only interested in delivering her #brexit time bomb to country, she doesnt want to be holding it when it blows up..... .
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
The #EU has already begun cutting grants to UK organisations long before the scheduled #Brexit date - cutting them 20% in 2017 to €1.6 billion. This means UK #businesses are missing out on a huge pool of potential #investment. Our client in The Times:
The Week Ahead – Brexit, Earnings and Trump in the Spotlight
I wanted Remain to win &amp; now I have to become Swedish FFS!!!! HOWEVER Leave won &amp; #Brexit should happen! Democracy is too important! The UK survived WW2, Black Wednesday, Thatcher &amp; the Global Crash! She will be fine...
“A People's Vote can help dig us out of hole Brexit has now become.” -
#Hmm, an inauspicious siting or a positive sign? Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
Well , I see no alternative for you but to vote against ’s #BrExit deal which she presents tomorrow. I commend you for voting against it. Thank you
New post (Breaking Brexit News: People's Vote Update!) has been published on RETWEET and help us beat the mainstream media! -
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
The European Economic Area is a free trade zone between the European Union and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA). The UK is in the EEA because it is member of the EU. THe uk is not a member of EFTA at the moment, and it won't therefore be member of the EEA after brexit.
Warnock saying this is the least surprising thing I've ever seen.
The Japanese Brexit
AFP news agency on Twitter
Lies my PM told me: Theresa May claims no one objected to the narrow referendum for a Welsh parliament. The truth? She and her party proposed a second referendum because the result was so narrow. #brexit
#Brexit was a bad idea by people that have not figured out the sun has set on the British Empire. It's not better on your own UK.
Rhetroic 101: What EXACTLY are the "positive, optimistic, alternative(s)" to #Brexit? Nothin miore than parliamentary powerplays that are dividing the nation. Grim solutions thus far are #BrexitDeal; #NoDeal #PeoplesVote #GeneralElection &amp; divisions on what democracy looks like.
Theresa May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit
Can’t think of a better reason to delay Brexit
Pound hits seven-week high on eve of vital Brexit vote
Hey Twitter peeps! Can you lovely people fill out my survey of media use please? It'll only take 5 minutes. That's 5mins when you don't have to think about #Brexit! How wonderful is that!
#BrexitVote Reposting my interview with #Spain's Foreign Minister in which he says #secondreferendum is not democratic. 'The idea that people have to vote &amp; re-vote until someone says this is a good answer is not a good thing' (01:38-05:15)
Mays brexit-deal in kritisch parlement #brexit #eu
A thermostat that likes to end all of a brexit especially when it breaks
Providing some #mondaymotivation to help get your week starting the right way. Dont give up now! Be sure to check out our website to book an immigration consultancy or for other information #brexit #immigration #EU
Attacking me and calling me childish won’t change Milne and Corbyn’s historical record of being strongly anti EU or that Corbyn can’t deliver this fantasy Brexit he claims due to time constraints. I know what was agreed at the Labour conference it’s a can kicking exercise.
BBC News - Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve
Edward Leigh on #bbcnews "I'm voting for May's deal. I asked myself... what would Tony Blair do? He'd want to vote against the deal, so I'm not going to oblige him." #brexit has basically dissolved into a contitututional playground game of "ner-ner-ner" brinkmanship.
If you don't know what we would do with it by now then you will never understand how a proper democracy is supposed to work/function. Here let me help you out,. This should help you understand the concept of democracy &amp; what freedom allows:
So the Tory Whip just quit because he can't even convince himself to vote for this utter bollocks. Bodes well... #whipcracked
Electoral law shows you don't have a democratic mandate for Brexit. You cannot deliver on the promise of a better future either, and without that you had no majority. We're not scared of neo-nazis, we're not implementing a plastic victory. Now get off out TVs you undemocratic tit
Cancelling the democratic vote in order to hold it again in the hope of getting the other result is the best defence of democracy. Got it, convenient for you, that.
Let's stop talking and do this thing! #BrexitVote #justdoit
Proves MPs lie to their constituents, don’t agree with their manifesto and their word is worthless #brexit
If people wanted Brexit stopped they’d have voted for the Lib Dem’s. A very clear choice at the general election. This people’s vote is seriously being overplayed and hanging it around the neck of the Labour Party is and will always be a sham
Andrea you stand strong girl !!!! You're not my local MP but im a big fan of you and thankyou for standing up for Brexit and us 17.5m Patriotic voters
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers Time to start #brexitstockpiling food in case of a problem with supply. #brexitfoodshortages are a reality as part of this #brexitshambles am off to Tesco to panic buy.
This week in watching: ‘Shameless’ worries, Cumby in ‘Brexit,’ and the truth about ‘True Detective’
Well, perhaps you should articulate a verifiable reason for leaving which benefits UK citizens......they obviously don't understand deluded people who only have slogans.
Fame at last!!! Wokingham votes to stay in EU in shoppers’ Brexit poll
When it comes to Brexit, my sole duty is to the truth and drawing attention to it when it is concealed or distorted by May and her govt.
It’s no deal. It’s a cap in hand submission to EU Brexit demands that keeps us tied to Brussels without representation. It’s worse than we have now, if that’s possible
Brexit and China Dominates Headlines, Yen Stays Strong | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
We see you! Nothing at all to do with Brexit, silly man!
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Lib Dems vs Brexit: Chris Fox The vulnerable and less well off are most at risk from Brexit
Anyone who says Mays deal is delivering Brexit, I'm afraid to say, is a liar.
How about a managed no deal George? You like clever, creative thinking. Check out WTO rules where you can keep tariffs the same for 2 years whilst you do #SuperCanada FTA See:
Dear . I have no duty to implement anything arising from an illegal referendum result. (Unicorn Time With Marr.) On the other hand, you have a great, big, fucking duty to put a stop to #Brexit, in consequence of the illegality. Stop ruining lives.
Maybe it was during one of her "inebriated rent-a-quote" moments when she can't remember?
I remember this LSE blog highlighting interesting patterns on intermediate levels of education:
So pitching for the #Tories #leadership when he doesn't even know he lives on an island? Promising for the #Brexit #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
#brexit staffing issues? Try Dial-a-course
Brexit means Brexit
Wobbly's biggest mistake was not to involve other parties or even the whole of Parliament on Brexit. This was always going to be to big for one party.
May Warns That Parliament Will Kill Brexit by Voting Down Her Deal por
Referendum vote was nearly 3 years ago. The vote was compromised by overspending, cheating and Russian interference. A no deal Brexit which will cause potential chaos to the U.K. Poll after poll shows no appetite anymore for Brexit. Why are we doing this? It’s not democracy.
The latest The Ghana Parliament Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Fuck you Hopkins. Fuck you and the high horse you rode in on.
100 Mps have a vested interest in staying in the EU. They make themselves look greedy. #SnoutsInTrough They don’t want to lose all that pay and perks!
Brave MP and early proud supporter of our wonderful sister group delays birth simultaneously protecting her children's future and ours. Thank you .
Japanese bank blames #Brexit for move to Amsterdam | Politics | The Guardian Brilliant, well done everyone.
What’s Brexit?
Well perhaps that's what she has been aiming for all along. Not to leave the EU. Once a remainer always a remainer perhaps and should never have been trusted with Brexit.
As the furore surrounding #Brexit reaches fever pitch, with British MPs widely expected to jettison #TheresaMay's deal, the question remains - what next?
“Take control of our money, our borders, our laws” What control have we lost of our money? What are the benefits of ending FoM? What laws are you most looking forward to not abiding by after 29/03/19? P.S. What’s your plan B? #Brexit
Some good news - UK indie bookstores report a strong xmas &amp; new years - only 8% reported sales down y-o-y on 2017. 70% optimistic for 2019 despite Brexit shambles &amp; much rumoured deaths of both High Sts &amp; reading. So i’ll give a little plug to Barnett’s of Wadhurst, E. Sussex
Peak Brexit
Indeedie! #IPAintFree it costs #GovernmentShutdown and you forgot #spoiledwhitemen diverting #Income and #solutions via #stalkarazzi tactics to the .01% #Brexit
Here's one along with Mann confirmed
Ready for the Drama #BrexitVote #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
"Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party Quits Over Brexit Deal" by REUTERS via NYT
A new unity Gov to help Westminster? Fuck that. My focus is as ever on our independence, Brexit is Westminster's midden, let them shovel up their own sharn. The English voted these gangsters into power, let them find a pair of balls and vote them out.
LMAO. They really do wheel out all the bullshit don't they. Anything to scare the public into believing Brexit is a bad thing. It really is quite pathetic.
We need Brexit,no deal. Then a general election
Globalism has to be stopped GLOBALLY! Freedom for people everywhere.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Well that’s good to hear amidst all the #brexit noise but if it has been spent I don’t think we have felt the benefit of it yet.
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Hi Elli - I delivered a webinar recently did EN on the EMPLOYMENT issues around #brexit - happy to share that if of interest?
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
SKSMedia_UK Posted...
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via
An outdated FPTP election system, an outdated two party system, an outdated parliament voting system. No wonder there are still fewer women in politics. Preposterous a MP has to delay her operation to be able to vote against May’s Brexit deal.
Cannot stand All she does is dramatize the news into how she thinks outcomes should prevail, and with zero respect to those that have maybe suffered. Maybe another "Mic or Camara" in the gob will shut her up until after Brexit. You got away with "ThroatGate"
Prime Minister Theresa May is making a last-ditch attempt to persuade MPs to back her Brexit deal as Tuesday’s key Commons vote looms closer. via
...they must come to #Bengaluru and meet up Officers of to learn...
#skynews so according 2 , May’s deal isn’t perfect, no gov strives 4 perfection, but what actually works. I thought we’d rule the waves with Brexit? Now we just go with what works, even if it’s worse than what we have at present?
Theresa May in one tweet.
It’s still a Brexit vote from me :)
Personally, I believe this is a 'VERY GOOD SIGN' that , his team and Socialist Labour is at the beginning of a winning streak!
The latest The Pascal Jacquemain Daily! Thanks to #brexit #libdems
Charities urged to speak up about consequences of a no-deal Brexit | Third Sector
#Fbpe #sodem #stopbrexit come on folks wade in!
You still need to interpret the results though - is a vote for Labour a vote for Brexit (like Corbyn wants) or Remain (like the majority of MPs)? (And if you figure it out, let Labour know, because they're still wondering!)
Does she genuinely believe in Brexit? She voted against it.
Pop into your local for a cheeseburger milkshake &amp; to be berated by a #brexit bigot
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Said this yesterday. The Labour Leave seats have huge majorities and it is shown that Brexit is often a side issue which will not affect the vote. Whereas in marginals, and Scotland, needed to win, there is a remain majority
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
"In these challenging times, we share with you the determination to create as much certainty and clarity as possible." See the joint letter by &amp; providing clarifications to #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement &amp; Political Declaration.
I am so bloody bored of hearing your Brexit history Morgan. Who gives a stuff how you voted and why? We were conned - they broke the law. And your voting history? Yawn. All about you Morgan isn't it?
Treacherous prick, if you won't support the state move out the way!
how I sleep knowing how much stress we are causing the brits over Brexit
#TommyRobinson for PM ! #TOMORROW_X_TOGETHER #tcot #Brexit #MAGA
The Salmond/Sturgeon thing is newsworthy to be sure, but there are more important things happening this week. Papers that lead with it over Brexit are signalling their bad faith.
Brexit Breakfast anyone?
I've said it many times, people's vote will be won be leave easily. Remain arguments have fell apart. No deal is no problem. EU will agree small deals to help transition for both. Very simple. Remainers still trying to remain is the issue. #LetsGoWTO #Brexit
Dear Arlene, Can we have our money back please? Signed, British Taxpayers.
Want a break from all things #Brexit? Why not spend just 3 mins doing something to help reunite #refugee families torn apart by war &amp; conflict. Ask our Home Secretary to amend the harmful rules keeping them apart by signing this petition: #FamiliesTogether
For ordinary citizens like me, the one thing which is sacred and cannot be taken from us in a democratic society is our vote! It is all we have to change things. only way to have our say. We had their say in 2016 and want Brexit implemented. We must leave! We decided not our MPs.
Very important!
What on earth is the point of this? Brexiteers do not understand English, pass this and it is not a backstop, and there is no way the EU will accept. This is trying to force a No Deal Brexit, he could at least be honest!
I don't *do* mental contortions Nick - I have always been - and remain- very clear in my view. I also find your reference to me - extremely patronising bordering on offensively so. Go well.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson has resigned as a Conservative whip today because he cannot support Theresa May’s Brexit deal. He says the deal “prevents us taking back control and instead could leave us perpetually constrained by the European Union”.
BBCNEWS 6:19am BREXIT DEAL VOTE '. PM: I recognise that EU lettevs do not go as lav as some wart ' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: I don't...
Pound quivers ahead of Brexit “meaningful vote” #forex #binaryoptions #trading
The latest The Peter English Daily! Thanks to #brexit #brexitshambles
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
As part of our Open Future initiative, has asked proponents and opponents of a second vote on Brexit to put their case. Today MPs and contribute their views:
The money is promised from a non existent Brexit windfall. This means that there won't be any and it will be the public's fault of course...the will of the people!
#GENow May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation
My only hope remaining for the UK to escape from the Brexit crisis is Dominic Grieves' motion to change the order of papers so that Parliament really takes back control from the executive government without it going to the current shadow executive government in Opposition.
Now UK politicians are "setting expectations" for #Brexit by selling as "Better than #Dunkirk" : The last time #UK managed an exit from #Europe against a dominant power. #DidntGoTooWellThenEither
Labour's Brexit Policy is clear • A Customs Union • Single Market Access • No Hard Border in Eire • Frictionless Trade • Accept EU standards • No priority on US trade deal • Guarantee all EU citizens rights • Skills based immigration system • Tariff Free access
Interesting
I think it’s a 2 step process. Hold a vote on wether to have a brexit vote. If it is then agreed to have a vote on brexit hold a vote on brexit. This gives all the pols the cover they need.
Yes. Totally agree.
I would like to thank all our politicians who made the time to travel to North Wales to listen to #grassroots #business
Hi there. That would be nice, but that will definitely depend on what happens with Brexit and so on. What time are you about?
Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Nero played the violin while Rome burned to the ground. Does anyone know what instrument or will choose? #Brexit
With the world full of chaos, Brexit and Trump, is the exactly the man we need. His charming ways will give a much needed hour of bliss and laughter All info and dates here:
And then? It's becoming clearer by the day that the current Parliament would rather block Brexit entirely than leave in March with no deal.
There was no honour in the campaign full of lies and electoral fraud proven, it wasn't even a fair referendum with the media creating a toxic atmosphere for people to vote nationalism #Brexit
I just liked “ACID BREXIT” on #Vimeo:
It's time you gave up pal! You don't have a Brexit plan at all!
Great speech on Brexit and how politicians are responsible for gathering majorities for the right causes, not merely furthering causes that happen to have a majority. #BrexitChaos #brexitvote #davidlammy
has stooped to a new low. In a bid to get colleagues to back May’s deal he claimed that stopping Brexit would ‘open the door’ to ‘extremist forces’ in the UK. This kind of scaremongering is not only dangerous, but it is embarrassing.
His cult think he’ll win, some corbyn Remainers are now willing to support his brexit, it’s a stupid personality cult
Britain plans more “global military leadership” post-Brexit, angering Russia
She is nothing less than a lying sack of betrayal shit puppet of the UN and the NWO and in cahoots with Merkel who is equally as bad if not worse
My old boss told me off for calling Esther McVey a fascist. So I'm gonna do it again. They're all disgusting, rotten, intrinsically evil people. Fuck the Tories.
Jacog Rees-Mogg's latest tweet about Brexit has riled people up
"This group of Conservative men, and it is predominantly men, want to turn back the clock on gender equality. May’s deal opens the door for them to do so"
This is what happens if the globalists and traitors win. #Brexit Fight now, because your very life may depend on it. #GiletsJaunes
Lol, Britain is screwed.
I bet could sort out Brexit!
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
. s behaviour and intransigence and porkies is reckless .... she is splitting the country and just about to finish off the Tories for years ...as Major did in 1997 so for that reason she MUST go and take Bercow and her front bench with her ....
May will more than likely lose the vote tomorrow, it will end up being a ‘No Deal ‘ Brexit and of those opposing the PMs deal think May will go back to Brussels for a better deal , never going happen . So it’s no point asking ....
bye bye Theresa May via Gotta vote down the ludicrous "Surrender Document" #WTO go now...….
Brexit deal could mean lowering of VAT threshold, see link
When you realise you’re only just 13 years too late to join the Légion étrangère in order to find a remotely practical fast track route to French citizenship. #Brexit #sigh #ZutAlors!
Get the Yellow Vest from Unity Network and get on to the Streets for Brexit .
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'
Brexit is in peril, British PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Are you ready for #Brexit? Following the #MeaningfulVote our webcast on 23 January will be your chance to gain advice &amp; perspectives from our experts which will help prepare your #business for a #Deal or a #NoDeal outcome #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
Hard to imagine a more dedicated MP than mine - sad we can't trust the pairing system. Thank you for you doing this! #Brexit #Remain
How many more times, why would anyone vote for a deal that isn’t Brexit anyway, threatening No Brexit won’t work
Good grief. is truly shocking isnt he. Doesn't want to speculate on anything regarding PM losing #Brexit vote and what she needs to do, but more than happy speculating wildly on "danger" if it doesnt go his way. Surprised gave him such an easy ride.
If you’re a Sculptor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The median age in this country is 40. More than half the population has little or no political consciousness from before Conservative Governments were synonymous, not even with nastiness, but with incompetent, bumbling buffoonery. #GavinWilliamson #Brexit
It won't. The WA and a no deal.brexit are not what was voted for
A deranged, deluded and dangerous woman. Trying to get us to accept a Barnier-Robbins-May concoction! No thanks! I want Brexit!
So how is Brexit different from Russia’s active measures that helped elect tRUmp? Asking for a friend
The political lessons are manoeuvring to dam Brexit. Voters’ religion in our democracy could by no means get better
Eddie Brock is Pro-EU but the symbiote is all for Brexit.
Why do people find it acceptable that the likes of Dominic Grieve are not going against Brexit out of love for GB , just a fat lucrative pay out Selling out the democratic oath for shilling #DrainTheDeepState #Brexit
If your based in London please take the time to go and support Steve!! Show our MPs that we don't want #Brexit
It’s like the “women and children” rule, it means the jobs leave the sinking ship first, and we go down with the ship.
Because at 18 you're an adult It's only your opinion that Brexit will be bad for the UK. You have no evidence that it will
Just shameful. (red) Tories out!
Theresa May makes last-ditch plea to save Brexit deal
True but also: If you have ever studied the history of the 1930s and wondered how people could ever choose nationalism, and the grotesque slaughter made inevitable by it, over international cooperation, the Brexit Campaign offers a fascinating insight.
No deal is better than a bad deal At new powers to crack down on illicit finance and trade with countries around the world of this league table. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit #TheresaMay #Conservatives
You really think the tory government will reform the existing CAP funding structure? They've announced that it'll be unchanged if, in the unlikely event, brexit ever occurs.
I mean it’s all fucked now anyways so why doesn’t Theresa May just appoint Colin ‘No-Deal’ Wanker as Brexit Secretary and have done with it?
Blocking Brexit by Parliament wd be unthinkable. Should these self serv'g MPs try this tactic &amp; defy the will of the British people, all hell will undoubtedly break loose creating far more chaos than that which has been predicted by the fear monger'g Remainers of a NO Deal Brexit
Brittain voted to stay in the EU in 1975... Shouldn't they honour that result then? It's just completely arbitrary bullshit to say there can't be another vote on Brexit.
Of course nothing has changed. The EU’s position has been consistent throughout. It’s who keeps lying or who genuinely doesn’t understand what a backstop is and other politicians are still lying about illusory benefits of Brexit.
Everyone in the financial markets - where he used to work - knows exactly what happened. Believe what you like, though, you’ve clearly bought into the “man of the people” pretence:
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line
The implications of no-deal Brexit: is the European Union prepared?
Great page spread in today's and a news piece in Saturday's by . Businesses want certainty was the message at the and #brexit event on Friday.
Best wishes; may #Nigeria-#Britain #relations pick up adequate steam in terms of #collaborative #value #creation; #Brexit, or not!
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
Nigel Farage said the Brexit process “couldn’t be simpler”
NEW: A 4th Labour MP says they will back Theresa May's Brexit deal - Frank Field follows Sir Kevin Barron, Jim Fitzpatrick and John Mann.
Theresa May says staying in the EU is now more likely than a no-deal Brexit. But she has a history of lying
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
Australian newsreader makes more sense than
May’s ‘deal’ is NOT Brexit.
It wasn't sophistry from politicians that caused Brexit, it was constant anti-EU commentary in the press and David Cameron's lack of backbone.
Can someone tell me how this will be in any way possible if Brexit goes ahead? I desperately want the money to go back to education, medicine etc but where will that money come from if the economy is decimated?
MP Gareth Johnson resigns as Tory Whip ahead of Brexit deal vote
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Final 20 places: Key focus sessions Workplace Reforms, #Brexit, #Immigration, Employment #Tribunal trends, Early #Conciliation. #Pay #EthicalWorking #personalliability in #Whistleblowing, #NDAs #ModernSlavery and #compliance.” Join us on Tuesday 22 Jan
if another vote on #brexit was announced. Would you vote remain again or would you vote leave to honour the previous vote
Theresa May lies about the Welsh Assembly in bid to get MPs to back Brexit deal
No deal feels like the truest form of Brexit and that's what they deserve.
There is currently a section on Paddy Power titled ‘Brexit and food rationing in 2019’ and people still think they’ve done something really clever..
Dedication #BrexitVote
Worth risking no Brexit for? We'll never be given another opportunity to get out.
Ever get the impression that, at this point, wants to scupper May's deal and have #Brexit called off - because if it goes ahead he'll be found out? #EndTheChaos
Yes, there are bad actors and dishonest narratives; yes, Brexit was driven in large part by the financial crash, mass migration and distrust of globalisation and political elites. So what? We understood all of this when we voted. 2/5
Those bigots who support #brexit aren't just bigots towards immigrants remember this
In a democracy, the majority decides. Why doesn't May's deal respect Brexit?
Why are no legal measures being taken/tried to enforce some form lf Brexit? Not necessarily advocating, but genuine question?
We DO NOT have any Brexit deal because Theresa May &amp; the EU have been plotting to remain in the EU from the start. The current deal is remain &amp; the alternative is another referendum. The British public have been cheated and screwed over. #Tusk
So the latest Project Fear is that under #Brexit we might run out of loo roll. Will this result in a logjam?
Just old people supporting brexit at Westminster - literally - out of touch
They brexit for EU but hey that's our fault because we're somehow responsible for getting EU players onto the game.
Hull hits out at Brexit 'buffoons' as crunch parliament vote looms 3 labour MPs who's gone against there constituents to try and stop brexit to get a general election,there worse then anyone putting there own careers before the people they represent
Vote libdem and get tory brexit with a side order of the weakest and most vulnerable paying for the brexiteer's folly.
And should the phenomenal folly of Brexit prevail, it will fall further.
Brexit did not happen.
We have the worst government for years, with the worst opposition for years, with the biggest political issue for years, therefore causing a mess. #politicaltweet #brexit
If Parliament reneges on #Brexit, they are asking for #YellowVest protests to come to Britain. #LeaveMeansLeave
Oddly enough, certain "moderate" Labour MPs have tweeted that they intend to go against Corbyn and back May's "deal", yet from the #FBPE brigade...….absolute silence. More proof that FBPE seems to actually have little to do with Brexit and everything to do with unseating Corbyn.
Dec 2018: government would rather torch the constitution than publish 's Brexit legal advice Jan 2019: ah just slap it up on
..hopes it will help him win the talent show and he would like to meet Trudeau.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayOutfit #GOP
BBC News - Brexit: Japan's PM says 'wish of whole world' to avoid no-deal
Get Solskjaer in. He’ll keep us 6th but everyone will think we’re first again.
A little read for Owen Jones.
Brexiteer Tory whip QUITS to vote against May's deal - with more to follow Are we going to see the will of the people delivered? Or will it be a fudge?
Bring. It. On.
So what are your professional credentials concerning Mental health, gender studies, Nutrition and diet, Femininity and Masculinity, Brexit etc?
Unbelievable! How do these people get into these positions?? (Rhetorical question)
#Britons, you have 24 hrs to vote Teresa May's (ethno-nationalist) #Brexit down! She has had 2 years to persuade even her own Tories to back it. The deal is sooooooooooo bad that the Second Referendum - which can be had before July this year - is better.
are you at this private party she could have hosted in London instead of incurring ridiculous expenses....has broadcast this latest #PantsOnFire she cannot even remember opposing?
Theresa May’s Stoke speech: “We all have a duty to implement the result of the referendum… #Brexit #Politics
Can you explain why, now that it’s much clearer what Brexit means, it’s undemocratic to allow everyone to vote on it?
Our portfolio growth co-fund manager shares his view on the market outlook for 2019.
But that wasn't on the ballot paper and what leave meant wasn't explained. #Brexit is simply English nationalism.
People In England Stockpile Food And Necessities As No Brexit Deal Draws Closer
Reunification between northern ireland and Republic of Ireland seems the best possible solution rn for the brexit since Britain dont want to establish hard borders with ROI like they did back in 1980s
You can't make deals until you leave. You can't leave until you settle your legal obligations. You can't settle those until you start talks. TALKS START IF MPS BACK THERESA'S PLAN. Everyone moaning about is merely slowing Brexit down.
Mark, any thoughts on what a hard Brexit will do to the EPL ? Seems to me it could be disastrous.
Government whip Gareth Johnson quits ahead of Commons vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal
I don't call it No Deal because that implies that we are passive objects rather than active subjects. I voted for potentials &amp; possibilities of Brexit. Leadership donkeys have delivered nothing. Que sera. This is about agency so it's good to identify those with &amp; without it
#Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement' #news
YOU&gt; "WIKILEAKS"aka-brit govt-aka-brit military-aka-royals-aka-uk elitists-aka-cambridge analytica", &amp; last but not least A/K/A "PRO-BREXIT" BRITISH OFFICIALS TRYING YET AGAIN TO STEAL FROM ITS OWN PEOPLE &amp; NOW THE WORD. You people arent as clever as you think you are. Stop lying
Well said Dominic. A politician of principle amongst a chamber filled with many of straw.
‘Much bigger!’ Farage predicts Leave to win by GREATER margin in sec #bigger #brexit #farage #news #breakingnews
Nextrush Free: BATTLE OF BREXIT: REMAINERS RUN POLITICAL MACHINE...
The Latest: EU sends UK warm words but no new Brexit offer WJ Wire A pro-European demonstrator protests outside parliament in London, Friday, Jan. 11, 2019. Britain's P...
"In these challenging times, we share with you the determination to create as much certainty and clarity as possible." See the joint letter by &amp; providing clarifications to #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement &amp; Political Declaration.
Even using the WRONG figure of £350M/week, the loss of £800M in investment in the UK amounts to over 40 years of payments into the EU. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The voolious noodle-bandit who keeps on raucously shouting "Stop Brexit!" in the background is not going to stop Brexit.
Indeed because MOST people now want No Brexit!
Easing trade tensions boost global equities as #sterling rallies ahead of vote on #Brexit withdrawal deal. This and more in our weekly market update:
32% want to leave
Bringing legalities into Brexit now. Next thing, they'll be bring religion into Christmas.
I just hope she had the "balls" to press the red button
Ahhh classic BBC reporting. Forgot to state that Theresa May voted against the decision of the Welsh referendum despite parliament prevailing. It may have been 'accepted' but not by you, dearie!
Priceless.
Mays brexit-deal in kritisch parlement #brexit #eu #EUInternationalAcademy RT europanu #EUIAOJ at
Agree with her or not, one has to admit that Theresa May is the epitome of responsibility in politics ... to believe in something contrary and push Brexit because ‘not accepting the verdict of the referendum would destroy trust in British politics’
STOP BRexit !!!
current caller - platitude for brexit which could be reworded for a Scottish/Welsh/NI/Cornish etc independence argument number 8492...
If January is anything to go by the #DHOTYA2019 awards in December will have a serious shortlist. The Brexit pensioner is my current favourite.
Worried about 2019? Forecasters say online and social will fare better than other advertising platforms. Ask me about a website review and social media plans. Beat Brexit. UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit
May's deal ties us into the EU more strongly than we were prior to Brexit. Are they all completely mad? They clearly don't believe a single thing they say. They'd rather stay in power, in any circumstances. Not a scrap of honour between them.
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved
If only they’d stick to their day jobs - Oh wait a minute #brexit
I continue to believe that EURUSD is a major buy here at 1.1450 because the 13 weeks moving averages situated at 1.1385 acting as a formidable support. Brexit is creating problem for EURUSD to reach 1.17 but it will.
Obviously not,he is about to find out exactly how people feel. Rich,our of touch and lying all the way to FRANCE. He is part of the problem not the solution.
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal' via
This is what the people who voted #brexit want.
Please say no to Theresa May's terrible Brexit deal!
Lock them all up!
Britain 2019.
‘I still want OUT!’ Furious Brits demand MPs get on with Brexit ‘as quic #brexit #brits #demand #news #breakingnews
I’m a remainer
The Latest: EU sends UK warm words but no new Brexit offer
I keep asking this question, what happened to the £400m EU for infrastructure in East Lincs ? It was allocated for the development projects infrastructure. David Cameron told me in front of 2000 where will it go post Brexit?
This thread works really well if Brexit was only a referendum result. Since then it has been the manifestoof the two main parties and the necessary steps have been voted for in Parliament.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal will allow men to turn back the clock on gender equality We know that when money is tight, it is women’s services that are first to go and women who have shouldered the burden of austerity since 2010.
Imagine if an anti-devolution House of Commons had said to the people of Scotland or Wales that despite voting in favour of a devolved legislature, Parliament knew better and would overrule them. Or else force them to vote again"
So they are selling £300 #brexit survival boxes. You'd think the zombie apocalypse was coming in March! WelI, guess it means that business can adapt to change and profit from anything, ironic amid all this panic of business not adapting to leaving the EU!
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant - Mirror Online
May makes last-ditch plea urging MPs to back Brexit deal #MPs #Brexit #socialnewsxyz
UK stockpiling toilet paper
So, about that joke I made about using sphagnum moss... #Brexit #BrexitChaos #NoBogRoll
Hi i dont go to holyhead wales big problems or affected look bad with customs union removed with brexit look bad but better free EU memberships in England must stay with EU better all Europe very important and hate with brexit big rubbish customs union no leave on 29th march 2019
People say that a no deal brexit would be national suicide. Knock knock WW1 and 2 are at the door wondering when your "Crises" is gonna be over #brexit
There may be more #Brexit resignations coming for #UK's May - ITV: That might inject further negative sentiment for the pound $GBP
#Brexit Refugee Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
GDP is irrelvent Femi, they are mire din debt and not spending much of it on UK so we dont need them as much as they need UK or they wouldnt want £10bns and to prevent ROW trade with UK post Brexit, why woudl they, if no big deal for them, DOH
Many thanks John! I did hear today that it might not be reviewed until April now - not sure if that's true or not, but I guess we will see over the next week or so :-(
I'm not suggesting you listen to me Anne. I was asking why Sir John was saying he put his constituents' interests first, yet despite them voting to Remain in the EU, he is pressing on with his with long held personal view that a Hard Brexit is best.
New article (MP Gareth Johnson resigns as Tory Whip ahead of Brexit deal vote) has been published on The Daily Digest - #WalkAway
It's actually okay, and preferable, to change one's mind after getting additional information. This is true of governments as well as people. Now that the majority of your country has stared down what Brexit really means in the face, they don't want to do it anymore.
Vote it down and lets see Parliament dare to stop Brexit.
No snow in London, but potentially looking for a breather from Brexit-related letters and tweets?
Even using the WRONG figure of £350M/week, the loss of £800B in investment in the UK amounts to over 40 years of payments into the EU.
Theresa May's Brexit deal will allow men to turn back the clock on gender equality -
BREXIT UPDATE: TIME FOR PARLIAMENT TO DECIDE #Brexit #economics #macro
Feeling sarcastic
So, Brexit is about respecting democracy, and the sovereignty of an unelected head of state. Bit odd.
Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on #Brexit: • Bluebirds manager… #Brexit #ClickBait
Boris Johnson says he would repeat burqa remarks - video: In a phone-in on LBC radio, the… #Brexit #ClickBait
Oh no this is is devastating
UK #advertising market faces recession under no-deal #Brexit: Spending in sector to decline by… #Brexit #ClickBait
May: 'I don't believe we should be extending article 50' – video: The prime minister addressed… #Brexit #ClickBait
UK to Leave the EU on 29th March Brexit - Deal or No Deal When will the UK Leave the EU Another UK Referendum by the end of 2019 Latest Brexit markets now available on site.
Theresa May refuses to rule out #Brexit article 50 extension: PM says she does not believe UK… #Brexit #ClickBait
The "people" gave general policy advice in 2016, after a lot of undeliverable nonsense was promised... Now we know better what Brexit is, we don't want it. Neither Temainers, nor Leavers. Now we have (most of) the detail, let the people decide #PeoplesVote
It’s only right that now we know what’s on offer the public get the final say on if we want Mays deal, no deal or no Brexit. Give it back to the people to decide.
'We have a #Brexit shelf': readers prepping for the no deal scenario: ‘Better safe than sorry… #Brexit #ClickBait
Opinion: To allow a second brexit referendum would break the integrity of the referendum and democracy as it's supposed to be a one time decision, why not a 3rd or a 4th referendum why stop at the 2nd? #LeaveMeansLeave
Tory whip resigns:
I hate to say the dreaded B word but regarding Brexit I really don't understand the call for a second vote. Whatever Side that loses is going to be more angry thus we become more divided than ever. Is it that people want to cancel it and are afraid to say? I'd respect that more.
She is in charge, so she is telling us vote for my deal or I will stop Brexit.
This chap thinks that we in Ireland have "overplayed" our hand. Ah bless...
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote GOOD MAN! AND JOLLY WELL SAID!
IF THE CORRUPT EU WERE SERIOUS IT WOULD BE WRITTEN INTO THE DEAL AND MADE LAW! PROMISES FROM THE CORRUPT EU ARE WORTHLESS &amp; WE WILL BE HELD TO THE LEGALLY BINDING BAD DEAL! Theresa May Admits Last Minute EU Brexit Offer Not Enough For Some MPs
[looks in the Brexit box] [points and laughs] [puts lid back on the Brexit box]
. before ANY Brexit there should be an inquiry to see whteher illegal funding by Leave and funding from Russia, and lies by Brexiteers influenced the vote. Otherwise our democracy will truly be broken
Agree 100%, I rarely watch any of them now. BBC blandly announced they are running a show explaining Brexit tonight - as if anyone with one iota of commonsense would watch their version of it.
was confused about the meaning of the referendum result. He said on several occasions it ‘instructed’ politicians to enact #brexit. My understanding is that it was advisory. Surely intelligent people should decide which advice they accept without damaging their health?
MEDIA OPPORTUNITY: Would any of our young entrepreneurs (who are pro-Brexit) like to talk on a mainstream radio station? Drop us a DM if interested...
The lunacy of rexit in one tweet:
Blame it on Brexit: The cost to the financial services industry
Jeremy Corbyn says he respects the decision of the first referendum and at the same time, then has a policy of renegotiation for yet another version of Brexit, even more removed from the demands of the Brexiteers than the deal that exists, done by the Government. #peoplesvote.
People who have to pretend they are political experts because of brexit , it’s ok to say you don’t understand all the complexities
'Sterling steady ahead of vote' - video 3:40 mins #GBP #Brexit #Gold
PM May to warn No Brexit more likely than No Deal if MPs reject her plan
#Brexit is a cross between a #HammerHorror movie and a #CarryOn movie
Ever get the impression that, at this point, secretly wants to scupper May's deal and have #Brexit called off - because if it goes ahead he'll be found out? #EndTheChaos
What a Filthy Disgusting excuse for a PM.
It would be if Parliament abandoned #Brexit of its own volition, but that is not the proposal, it is to take it back to where this started and let the people have the final say in a #PeoplesVote
Foreign buyers snap up one in seven Spanish homes: Brits still lead the field, despite Brexit...
well said it’s not the loud minority voices calling for another vote you have to be wary of but the quiet voices that voted for Brexit but have not spoken yet since the vote was ignored , it would seem like my only choice left would be to vote for a far right party in protest
Not sure what the DUP has produced in the #Brexit discussion beyond blood red lines? While not as good as the status quo, the WA gives us a way towards an orderly exit &amp; clear today that no one wants to really see the backstop have to be used.
WHO does Theresa May serve? at this moment the citizens of UK are awaiting an announcement that UK has become fascist
Pathetic
" #Brexit is the most selfish decision ever made since Winston Churchill saved Europe with the blood, sweat and tears of the English "
Tory whip couldn't whip himself to vote for May's shower of shit deal so he decided to resign the *day before* the vote so he could vote *against* You couldn't make it up. #Brexit
It's impossible to honour the result because all brexit outcomes were treated as equal.
How pollsters helped hedge funds beat the pound's Brexit crash via
Thats exactly what she said in the house! NO BREXIT!
100 Euro-parliamentarians urge UK to reconsider Brexit
The Problem with the Brexit ref is the same problem with all referendums. Angry unreasonable people turn out, calm sensible people tend not to. Want to stop Brexit? Make remainers more angry than a Brexit bum having to drink English lager.
Why should remainers accept Brexit when the leave campaign broke the law?
Because the tories have failed to deliver. Also they continue to inflict austerity &amp; they will continue regardless of Brexit if they are still in power. Being in the EU or not changes nothing.
Remainder how Rother voted in the Brexit ref
Bruno echoes what has written: in certain circumstances EU could envisage making minor changes to withdrawal agreement.
I don't want a general election, I want people to have a vote on Brexit terms now we know what they are. Democracy is a continuous process, it doesn't stop after a single vote.
Pathetic, mental people BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
ANTIDEMOCRATIC TRAITORS MOBILISE TO THWART BRITISH PEOPLE'S DECISION WEAK warns: Remainer establishment plotting to try to make NO #Brexit more likely than clean #NoDeal Brexit - THWARTING #British people's #democratic vote .
UK: Lord Neuberger: 'Powerful argument' to suggest legislation needed to halt Brexit
He’s certainly pulling ahead of Blare On Pastrami whose most recent bright idea was a post Brexit deal importing Cuban nurses and cachaça.
Mmm, "survivable" is an interesting word isn't it. It's the sort of word that might have been used during the Battle of Britain 1940 or during the Cuban missile crisis in 1962. Using this word in the context of #Brexit just goes to show you what a self inflicted disaster it is.
I think the US should stand by our closest ally and unilaterally suspend all tariffs and trade restrictions with the UK in order to help them through #Brexit.
It was written in 2016 just as we had the Brexit referendum so it’s no where near as horrific as it could be haha
Did you manage to see us on on Sunday? If not you can catch it here Our very own #freight #Brexit #expert Paul Uglow talks about #international borders and the effect of Brexit on the #transport and #Logistics industry
Best metric so far. Brexit is better than Dunkirk. The famous military defeat. Dunkirk.
Can we use the wisdom of crowds to correctly nail tomorrow's Brexit vote? Please vote what you think will happen, not what you'd like to see happen. Tomorrow night we can assess how well we all did collectively!
Pound Quivers ahead of Brexit “Meaningful Vote”
GBP/USD: UK Parliament Still Likely to Reject May’s Brexit Deal
In a bizarre twist; crisp-munching clown is using &amp; to try to rectify the fact he posted #ProjectFear #FakeNews. Can the complexity of #Brexit/politics really be compared to the literal observers of 22 millionaires kicking a bag of air?
“If the EU insists on no deal, then fine.”
Beyond Brexit: the future of the British economy - join IPPR's , , Economics editor Larry Elliott and for our free seminar and debate at University of Winchester, Mon 11th Feb 11.30am - tickets here: …
Louise remind your colleagues of this We send MPs to parliament as MPs to govern for the 66 million of us not as delegates for the 17 million who voted for Brexit tell them to remember that!
No such thing as a jobs first Brexit; it’s an oxymoron.
Ooh, also: - UK tour -UK version of on Broadway -People come to my party -Not to have my birthday on Brexit day (The last one is definitely worth mentioning twice!)
Go on, surprise me. Brexit was won on a lie... blah, blah, blah. And the £millions (of taxpayer £s) spent by Cameron's Gov't coupled with the nonsense threats, scaremongering verbiage from him, Osborne, Carney, the CBI, the bearded Virgin and others were all true then? Hardly.
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
No but a bit of Dunkirk spirit wouldn't go amiss here mate A euro army next to quash all opponents to eh? #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave You sly fox need to slink off Conservative minister Liam Fox claims no-deal Brexit would not be 'national suicide'
The app is available to download on the app and Google Play Stores. UK financial professionals only.
As regards relationship to the EU a temporary suspension of Parliamentary sovereignty through the exercise of direct democracy (the 2016 referendum) is required followed by the restoration of Parliamentary sovereignty post-Brexit.
Brexit and climate change to dominate Fine Gael party meeting #ireland
Problem solved
I think you’ll find yourself as part of the ‘political elite’. If you find yourself in power you’ll have one less persons taxes to squander, mine. #brexit
He is way past retirement like most of our govts and all the scare mongers #Tony Blair #johnmajor #kenclark etc #brexit will be a WTO and sorhey should run scared the biased media
Theresa May said: "With no deal we would have...changes to everyday life in Northern Ireland that would put the future of our Union at risk." The #DUP are calling on her to clarify what she means by that. #Brexit
Coveney: Ireland must 'hold its nerve' on Brexit #ireland
MPs security &amp; Poll results from Manchester "In hindsight, we didn't have enough information Agree 60% Neither 15% Disagree 25% If the referendum was rerun tomorrow, how would you vote? Remain 57% Leave 26% I don't know 12% I wouldn't vote 5%
Trying desperately to think of something more to say about #Brexit than "OMG"
From 's lips, to God's ears. #NoBrexit is the only sane option. Anyone who loves our country knows this.
Well done Ester
Coveney: No shortages of medicines or food in event of no-deal Brexit #ireland
Brexit Burdens Present An Opportunity For Dun Laoghaire Harbour, Says Councillor #ireland
These are the same wingnuts who did the same during the Cold War - building their fall-out shelters and imagining they could buy their way out of trouble.
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit‘ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal‘ via
52 / 48 is “clear”? No, it was a close result. If you had reflected that fact in your approach to Brexit negotiations by seeking to build a broad consensus, rather than play to a narrow subset of the Hard Leave vote, we would not be in this mess.
Word. Will he listen? Only if MPs, MEPs and ultimately voters force him to.
I wouldn’t bother voting as Brexit is nothing but a meme. I want bankers prosecuted for the 2008 banking fraud which enabled the economic conditions leading up to Brexit. No point of one without addressing the other.
'Sterling steady ahead of vote' - video 3:40 mins #GBP #Brexit #Gold
Jaw-dropper of a quote from a proponent of no-deal Brexit
Coping with the news on Brexit today by listening to Roy Harper 'One of those days in England' and trying to find perspective!
Can any leaver state 1 leave promise, made pre ref, that looks anywhere close to being deliverable, without harming the UK? Over 3000 leave accounts asked &amp; so far none have given a reasoned reply #PeoplesVote #WeDeserveBetter #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit
Spot on,mays deal not brexit,remain undemocratic,MPS against no deal but who knows !
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Not only has it already been legitimised with the withdrawal act but the General Election was secured because of it and both parties elected for their stance on Brexit and their promise to uphold the British publics decision.
May to make statement on Brexit deal assurances at 3.30 p.m. GMT - Sky #ireland
But as likely as a happy Brexit
May to make statement on Brexit deal assurances at 3.30 p.m. BST - Sky #ireland
Bruton: Brexit hard border if UK crashes out #ireland
UK's May to make statement on Brexit deal assurances at 1530 GMT: Sky #ireland
Tell me genius how does brexit help the poor
via EU writes to UK providing assurances over Ireland Brexit backstop Reuters World News
UK's May to make statement on Brexit deal assurances at 1530 GMT-Sky #ireland
via Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal Reuters World News
Today at Parliament #RemainandReform #Brexit
The "people" gave general policy advice in 2016, after a lot of undeliverable nonsense was promised... Now we know better what Brexit is, we don't want it. Neither Remainers, nor Leavers. Now we have (most of) the detail, let the people decide #PeoplesVote
Edward Leigh on #bbcnews "I'm voting for May's deal. I asked myself... what would Tony Blair do? He'd want to vote against the deal, so I'm not going to oblige him." #brexit has basically dissolved into a constitutional playground game of "ner-ner-ner" brinkmanship.
I do believe the other chap is donning a pair of ‘Adidas Brexit’
That is the true tragedy of 's 'leadership' of . #Brexit could've been exposed for the con that it is (as per ) - the would have likely imploded (more than now) and we could've got on with repairing the damage. But not for Jeremy.
Enforcer in UK PM May’s Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal
#TheresaMay #Corbyn #Labour #LibDems #DUP #SNP #PlaidCymru #SinnFein #SDLP #Greens #Tories #Brexit #Parliament #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #FBPE #StopBrexit #Westminster #DowningStreet Gareth Johnson #London #BrexitShambles #Juncker #Tusk "#Tory whip quits"
Entirely logical, factual and relevant. If you want a #PeoplesVote then you need the public sanction of a general election, because the current parliament was elected with a mandate to implement Brexit.
Well said
Want a break from all things #Brexit? Why not spend just 3 mins doing something to help reunite #refugee families torn apart by war &amp; conflict. Ask our Home Secretary to amend the harmful rules keeping them apart by signing this petition: #FamiliesTogether
Several Labour MPs' will not vote against the Tories Brexit Deal thereby forcing a Tory Brexit upon us and a Conservative Government upon us until at least 2022.
Treason May, Bercow, Grieve &amp; co are all traitors. T. May &amp; co are trying to get us trapped in the EU indefinitely with the 'withdrawal agreement', while Bercow, Grieve &amp; co are trying to block Brexit by preventing our exit without a deal with the corrupt EU.
Open Letter: Conservative Councillors and representatives of grassroots Conservative organisations urge MPs to ask the Public for #InformedConsent on Brexit. #C4PV
... interesting because they put the oil revenue 'back in the ground' as infrastructure, so they're now in a position to grow GDP/capita because they have high productivity economies. From an economic point of view the very worst thing that the UK could do right now is Brexit.
An interesting spread of opinions here ahead of the #brexit vote this week.
Oh shut up! You know I wouldn’t do that! I’m just making a point, pretending is not going to work! You better find something good about the ppl you hate for no reason, bc that’s exackly what’s going to happened
So, on our argument Femi, no deal/WTO Brexit is to adopt WTO and NEVER, EVER propose doing trade deals? We all know that is a silly thing to say, childish in the extreme.
Brexit: Britain's chosen to 'tear up' Good Friday Agreement says John Bruton #ireland
Would you ever marry a sister who supports Brexit? — Wat a gay question, ofc i would
"Come to heel"
Join tomorrow in parliament square to demand that Theresa May's Brexit deal is voted down.
Tory whip quits day before crucial Brexit vote Sent via
The hashtags are a pretend enemy Lynn Focus on the elephant in the room #Brexit Users of the #FBPE tag don’t want it Just like users or #GTTO don’t want #Tories The best way to dump the #Tories is to get #FBPE on board by OPPOSING Brexit, something Jeremy is still unable to do.
Oh the irony....... Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant Theresa #Brexit #theresamay #brexitdeal #JC4PM
Grecian proportions
How many did the petition to stop brexit amass?
Chloe Smith to vote for the brexit deal so neither leaving (will of the people) or the other 48% who want the current status quo deal #norwichnorth #Norwich
Brexit 2: May &amp; Drumpf vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
Beginning to think the vote might not go that well for the PM
The current joke of a #brexit withdrawal agreement is an attempt by the #Cabal controlled and her co-conspirators (including #MSM) to keep #UK enslaved within despicable #EU. People should think altruistically - better jobs/opportunities will follow in due course.
BCF CEO discussed the concerns of our industry in regards to a no deal Brexit on the program ‘wake up to money’ on Monday morning. For any relevant media looking to discuss this with us, please get in touch!
They chose which MPs to elect shortly after brexit, you say about overulling MPs, which if anything means the death of modern day democracy. The public should have never had a say on brexit, I do not trust the general population with that at all either way.
Hey Christian, you BBC peeps keep overlooking the next Scottish Referendum as part of the mix. The #SNP have 35 votes against May but, what if they decided to let England get what it wants in return for fair weather. 70 vote shift to Brexit so Scots can remain in Europe.
Theresa May's Brexit deal unlikely to pass, says Liam Fox
A small minority of right wing extremists want a no deal Brexit but that's about it. Besides your fantasy of a no deal has already been dismissed by parliament so where does that leave you. Mays deal lol that parliament wont allow either or ? : )
This entire Brexit thing reminds me of the Y2K fiasco. A whole lot of worry that ended up being a big ol' NothingBurger. Just let them Exit the EU for crying out loud.
#invest in #brexit opportunities in the UK with our help
I wish all MP’s had such integrity in wanting to carrying out the will of their constituents. My constituency voted overwhelmingly to leave by 67.8%. Sadly, my MP (also a party whip), has placed her loyalty to the Government above her loyalty to the country.#Brexit
Rhetoric 101: What EXACTLY are the"positive, optimistic, alternative(s)" to #Brexit? Nothing more than parliamentary powerplays that are dividing the nation. Grim solutions thus far are #BrexitDeal; #NoDeal #PeoplesVote #GeneralElection &amp; divisions on what democracy looks like.
NEW: Government whip Gareth Johnson quits ahead of Commons vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal
Oh, well you misunderstood what we were talking about then. We were saying most people "want to delay or even stop brexit."
Our third video of notable Labour Brexit supporters - focusing on Full video here
Say for example she succeeds in getting support for the Green New Deal, and we start down that path. Politicians find themselves committed, and there is no going back (familiar? It’s Brexit). What happens if it fails, or worse, is harmful?
A far cry from saying any trade deals would be 'the easiest in human history'. Prick. #RevokeA50 #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Drink beer, mute Brexit
Is defeat looming for Theresa May?
How Brussels can prevent a no-deal Brexit
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
NEWS: Foreign buyers snap up one in seven Spanish homes: Brits still lead the field, despite Brexit
I think I need to state a Brexit plan before I can criticies others. Here goes a thread.
DUP rejects 'meaningless assurances' from EU on Brexit backstop - Dodds calls for 'real changes' to withdrawal agreement
'As good as we're going to get from EU' via #wtobrexit #brexit #moggmentum #remoaners
There was plenty of incompetent, bumbling buffoonery from the Blair and Brown Governments. But what everyone remembers is the Iraq War, and at least evil is not laughable. #GavinWilliamson #Brexit
"Failing to honour the 2016 Brexit referendum vote would do "catastrophic harm" to the democratic process, she warned." If the so-called "deal" reflected what was voted for (£350mill?) then she may be right, but it's not:
Time is ticking! Pressure for a #Brexit deal agreement in tomorrow's #MeaningfulVote is mounting. Watch our live webcast on the 23rd of Jan &amp; will be considering implications &amp; progress plans for a no deal scenario #TimetoAct
It’s my deal, no deal or no Brexit, UK PM May warns MPs
This shows unequivocally that Theresa May is a disingenuous liar and political opportunist. Please read this if in any doubt.
What do you think we should do if the #Government fails to sort out #Brexit &amp; #NoDealBrexit becomes a reality.
I'm not saying Brexit isn't interesting. It is also wearying and exhausting.
Auntie I am with You for Real !!! We need to get out of this #Brexit Deal !!!! #HMT
EU.. to control all European Countries under one umbrella, this is the true start of this One World Order. Look at Great Britain, BREXIT, trying to get away from EU, it's a mess and not easy but the British have woken up just in time otherwise they are finished under EU.
Theresa May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal #Brexit
piers would be right, if the brexit that was promised was being delivered. It has been proved to be undeliverable on the terms it was sold. throw in the law breaks and criminal investigations, why on earth should any of us accept the leave result at this point in time?
UKIP collapse, Brexit camp chaos, in fighting, divisions, lack of leadership are the causes of Brexit collapse. EU cohesion, unity, consensus, full support of the Brussels negotiating team is the reason of EU success.
The Establishment were so confident that they would win as that explains all their false promises. Now they are doing everything in their power to stop Brexit and denying the people their democratic voice.
Britain plans more “global military leadership” post-Brexit, angering Russia
What kind of promises could you possibly have made to which May's duff WA is the answer?
why are labour supporters too stupid to realise why Corbyn is sitting on the fence. He wants a hard Brexit. He can’t call for a losers vote because he will lose 5 million labour voters in the north of England
employers and corporations are worried Brits might start asking for pay rises now after they lost a 500.000.000 labour pool and slum landlord renting 2up2downs to 15 eu workers are also worried supply now outstrips demand #powertothepeople #brexit #change
David Cameron said #Brexit would cause WW3.
"Theresa May’s Brexit deal will allow men to turn back the clock on gender equality" "Her deal is at best vague and at worst totally reckless on the topic of protecting women’s hard-earned rights"
said no deal would "damage our economy" but is "survivable", that not what you say he said. So it's ok for an alledged journalist/internet broadcaster to rewrite others words. I dont want to be a survivor in a damaged economy I want to flourish inside the EU
The BBC (Brussels Brainwashing Corp) are definitely CRAZY about you &amp; BREXIT. Bad dishonest journalism - but great comedy!
New tumblr post: "Seamus Fahy talks to RTE about impact of Brexit on the business..." , Glasgow Vaults
The polls suggest otherwise. They were ahead in a poll the other day. A lot of people who trusted the Tory manifesto of 2016 and believed May when she said 'Brexit means Brexit' will never vote Tory again.
Chris Grayling has stooped to a new low. In a bid to get colleagues to back May’s deal he claimed that stopping Brexit would ‘open the door’ to ‘extremist forces’ in the UK. This kind of scaremongering is not only dangerous, but it is embarrassing.
Funny because the people in the gilded chamber are part of an oligarchy who don't want BREXIT they want control as far away from the public as possible as it allows them to point to the EU for why the peoples will isn't being done. Always with the reverse psychology.
Ah, those principled Tories. Only some referendums are sacred, it seems. #Brexit "Conservatives actually voted largely to block the legislation to create the Senedd, including prominent Brexiteers like John Redwood and Liam Fox, as well as then obscure backbencher May herself."
If “the public” were in a clear majority and “the public” hadn’t been lied to on what Brexit would mean, he wouldn’t have to appear as a complete out of touch moron that’s clearly fighting to save face now... #stopbrexit
Just been interviewed by about #Brexit and i stand by my word to shouldnt be bullied by her constituents at the
The withdrawal agreement is part of a process that the government believes offers the best results for a successful brexit. It should be voted through.
(1) Why Are GATESHEAD COUNCIL Trying To JAIL Mark Steele? - YouTube #MarkSteele #Suicide #Gateshead #Bristol #5G #Brexit
Another traitor to the UK
I feel for the Britins. Poverty at an alltime hight and two years if breaking GB down to ashes. BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back #Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
BREAKING: European Union says it will not agree to any changes to the Brexit deal it has already reached with the UK government The Spectator Index spectatorindex
Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve || || || #Northern Island
“while it appears there is no Commons majority for any form of Brexit”. Article 50 stated the leave date by 498 votes to 114. That’s a commons majority.
What on earth?.....
We voted to Leave. I would prefer an EFTA/EEA-based #Brexit, and we may get there in the end, but the present danger is a disorderly #Brexit that will cost jobs, hit living standards &amp; severely weaken our hand. MPs should back May's Deal, poor as it is, to prevent that. 4/5
Yes, if the government falls, TM comes back with more MPs according to recent polls. Our two main parties are either dangerous or pathetic. Brexit is too important to get rolled up in the tribalism of a GE. #PeoplesVote
The house of cards is collapsing. Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Agree completely but a lot more from other parties also need to go. Their behaviour over Brexit has been utterly appalling and they have shown their total disregard for democracy when it isn't what they want. They have done irreparable damage to politics
Merkel: UK must suffer over Brexit deal | Jack Buckby
The closer you guys get to Brexit, the more weird AMAZING CONTRACT OPPORTUNITY IN CENTRAL LONDON1!1111!! recruitment emails I receive and I'm just like Susan could you please check my LinkedIn before asking whether I've been to the UK before
Despite #Veganuary I'm confident that Tory MPs will start eating each other tomorrow night. But don't worry animal lovers. Check YouTube for Spitting Image clips and you'll learn why most MPs are actually vegetables. #Brexit
It is just a political difficult time because of Brexit and EU elections. And it seems to be used against the democracy not only in EU. We will manage that. Please don't give up.
Brexit? Very laughable indeed
Femi is just one of many young people who are thankfully engaging in uncovering the lies told about Brexit in the frauderendum. If any Leave voter can counter his arguments, perhaps they should do it. But they never have any.
The above is true but maybe Brexit is part of the reason most of the job losses are to UK sites and not the ones located in mainland Europe. Just a though.
Only for you, Jake. Only for you.
YOU&gt; "WIKILEAKS"aka-brit govt-aka-brit military-aka-royals-aka-uk elitists-aka-cambridge analytica", &amp; last but not least A/K/A "PRO-BREXIT" BRITISH OFFICIALS TRYING YET AGAIN TO STEAL FROM ITS OWN PEOPLE &amp; NOW THE WORLD. You people aren't as clever as you think you are. Liars.
Late at night, the place was being restocked. Fuck all to do with Brexit ya radge.
We hope this will be a constructive part of the Brexit debate.
I hope that Corbyn is honest &amp; says the only way a deal could happen, is if were open to some form of freedom of movement. This would annoy the UKippers but without dropping the PMs red line, he wouldn't get a deal and leave voters wouldnt get their Brexit.
I don't really understand your last tweet Susan! For the record, Me: PhD + Harvard Business School, Entrepreneur &amp; Business Mentor, Lived &amp; worked in France, Switzerland, Norway, Belgium, Italy, Spain, USA, Australia, Brazil, Indonesia, South Africa. Your credentials? #Brexit
Has anyone else noticed how much Canon ink cartridges have shot up in price since 2016? They used to be around £20 for a black/colour twin pack. Now, thanks to the collapsing value of the £, they're £30+... But it's just another benefit of Brexit, right?
Edward Leigh - This is the week that the criminals in the Media, Westminster and Brussels have to pull the wool over peoples eyes over Brexit. The extension theory today is the beginning.
Just finished watching Brexit: The Uncivil War. Believe me, I know. And I've been aware from the start that those most fiercely promoting Brexit are selling Britain short in the markets. Can't blame Soros this time.
Esther McVey said that there's a 'compassionate Conservative government' and everyone made the same point
Are you ready for Brexit? Our 23 January webcast following the #MeaningfulVote will be your chance to gain advice from experts which will help you prepare your business for a #Deal or a #NoDeal outcome. Register here: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
£800bn leaves UK as regulators and industry brace for no deal Brexit
Sadiq Khan demands changes to post-Brexit immigration plan he should stay out of politics. He needs to be thrown out of office.
I liked a video Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
Like rats deserting a sinking ship.........
Totally!
May's Deal will lock us into the EU as a Rule Taker indefinitely. Cameron told Juncker he wanted to 'dock Britain PERMANENTLY in the EU'
If you think this is a result of the Brexit vote may I kindly suggest you seek the help of a mental health professional. Don't worry, they are there to help.
Cop out and ignores the elephant in the room, our current EU deal is better than ANY form of brexit..I have not see one good solid reason why brexit should go ahead. NONE. The deal will be voted down, art50 extended follwed by a peoples vote..end of story and brexit hopefully.
Ok, let's go!
Which version of #brexit is there valid consent for? And if you think none without a second referendum, then why hasn’t that been your position the whole way through?
The arrogance that makes him believe he knows better. Poor deluded fool.
Britain plans more "global military leadership" post-Brexit, angering Russia
What deadlock, they both want Brexit, except Corbyn wants a harder Brexit than May
Wearable technology reveals mass cultural trauma of Brexit and Trump. #futurist
Ah, so Brexit will toss the UK into a creative wilderness? I see. So any country in the world not in the EU has been is creatively sterile and isolated. Okay, I get it.
Here is my article for on #Brexit #Immigration #racism #HostileEnvironment #Windrush #migrants and #antiracism.
Week Ahead: Focus on UK Brexit Vote and Earning Season - Forex Info: Week Ahead: Focus on UK Brexit Vote and Earning Season Forex Info This week, traders will continue to look at the United States, which has seen a partial government shutdown go on for…
Will 'Treason', ' Quisling' , Democracy Denier' and 'Burn in Hell' appear?
1) May sees possibility of narrow defeat slipping away 2) instructs tories to support new Andrew Murrison ammendment with backstop 2022 end date. 3) vote passes 4) ball back in EU court (excuse punn) You can still get 22-1 on vote passing. Disclaimer: I got.
I think that this is the case. Being able to govern this country going forward will depend on how effectively crude plebiscitary politics is challenged. This *will* be recognised eventually.
It's was quite clear from the outset that Brexit was and still is all about the internal disharmony within the Tory party. How they are still close in the polls is astonishing.
3/ the treaty of the union 1707 is the basis for a United kingdom. The queens mother was half Scottish. And it was a Scottish king who took the throne in London in 1707. Scotland is with England with regards to brexit. Leave no deal. SNP lie every time they say we voted remain
Here Are All The Tory MPs Who Have Indicated So Far That They Won’t Vote For Theresa May’s Brexit Deal via
fails to grasp the fact or even inform the people that under WTO rules we have a couple of years to sort out our dealings...typical of the to support such an individual
Hard Brexit is just Brexit and it has a solid democratic mandate. Unfortunately sore losers like you don’t really do democracy.
Misdirection, the system has mastered the art.
Brexit arrives!
Another one bites the dust. Given the high Tory Brexit body count so far, this one is unlikely to have a material impact on May at this stage. More broadly, the Whip system also creaking under the strain of the times.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
What remainers are really terrified of is we leave the EU and prosper, right now they hold all the cards, can say what they want, but if Brexit is a huge success they will have to eat humble pie, or will they ?
This is not about Brexit anymore its about have we still got a functioning democracy. Parliament is a cesspit. The Speaker is biased and is now changing the rules of the game to get his own wishes The question now is do any of the electorate have faith in our democracy Clearly NO
Prime Minister Theresa May on Monday published further assurances from the EU on the eve of a crucial parliamentary vote on her Brexit deal and warned MPs that rejecting it would lead to "paralysis" that could see Britain stay in the bloc.
This is an interesting take on major trends this year, but surely whatever happens re Brexit there will be a political focus on the social divides that drove the Brexit vote?
Wherever we end up over the coming months - be it May’s deal, no deal, or no Brexit - the next few years of British politics are going to be brutal. And some of the most vulnerable people in society will suffer as a result. So depressing.
#Brexit May's last ditch bid to win over MPs flatly rejected
As #Brexit Nears, #Britain Scrambles to Come Up with “Plan B”
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" | Zero Hedge
2/ according to the will of the people as required by their elected representatives. But you know all of this, of course. The only question is which of your interests would be harmed if Brexit gets cancelled.
All MPs have duty to 'prevent people from committing national suicide', senior pro-EU Tory says
Yeah but watch it rocket to the top of the charts when it turns blue.
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line
"trust in politics will suffer "catastrophic harm" if the referendum result is not implemented." - Maybe the referendum should have come with specific Brexit plans as options instead of the hopeful "We'll figure it out, just get us out of here" that's put us where we are.
Let's face it #Brexit is an utter shambles. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. No one complained this much when we were in the EU, not that we are given a choice to leave, it suddenly becomes a problem.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
UK firm 'sells hundreds of #Brexit survival kits' containing food, water filters and fire-starting gel
The arrogance of self-appointed lobbyists claiming the right to call out the arrogance of democratically elected MPs who don't agree with their point.
Seems many in don't trust the Labour party to deliver any form of BrExit so are backing May's betrayal deal that doesn't deliver what LEAVE voters voted for. Not a good look.
Cardiff distance themselves from Warnock’s pro-Brexit views
2. Build the largest Navy in the world. 3. If Brexit goes through then the U.K. will split with Scotland and NI leaving.
Surprise, Eh? The ECB Is A Pretty Useless Central Bank
Delighted to hear your newscaster today saying the Greek PM was "rowing" with opposition.Perhaps Mrs May could have 2 boats on the Thames and the winning oars people decide Brexit?
Do look more closely and critically into the challenges of the EU, in particular the way in which former colonies were cut out. Time to delve into the history books and to see both sides on one level, #brexit is ancient chickens coming home to roost on the EU?
For a moment I thought Ryanair had taken over Stobart...
We send MPs to parliament as MPs to govern for the 66 million of us not as delegates for the 17 million who voted for Brexit just remember that!
bang on..he is a liar
Would be funny if it happened, but couldn't see it myself. There is no chance of Sinn Fein taking their seats. And also no chance that hard Brexiteers would allow the presence of Sinn Fein to scupper Brexit, even if they did. It's pure bluster from any Tory who says otherwise.
Autumn - Ali Smith (part 1 of the 4-part Seasonal series). Winter - Ali Smith (part 2). Amazing books, both take place in post-brexit UK. Truly amazing, so very human and warm.
The latest Hot Topics and Breaking News! Thanks to #marketing #brexit
Except the referendum was flawed, which you've conveniently chosen to ignore in your obsessive pursuit of Brexit. To say your deal will heal all divides in the UK and let us move on to other issues is pure delusion. Here's hoping for the biggest parliamentary defeat in history!
It's too late now to fix it. I can't see Brexit happening
The Scotland devolution referendum had a clause requiring 50% +1 and 40% of the registered electorate to pass, result was 51.6% of vote but only 32.9% of the electorate. How come brexit had no registered electorate safeguard? Dave was criminally stupid.
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
#brexit is a side show
Chris Grayling’s Brexit comments are a distraction from his transport and justice failings
Soon after that Labour win no conf vote with tory brexiteer support, tories install temp leader, after 14 days tories win confidence vote, A50 notice for 29 March brought forward to 1 Feb 2019. We're out! #leave #brexit #wtobrexit
For Christs sake she's a Christian
WTF can you say about this stupid bitch that hasn't already been said? Just put a stop to Brexit once and for all for fucks sake! Its never going to work! Much like...
Very insightful and all new to me. It makes it crystal clear that PM May is the architect of her own and our misfortune, subsequent the Brexit referendum.
#Brexit now, negotiate later.
It would not satisfy the people who voted for Brexit that did so because of fears on immigration. The Norway style deal ties us into open borders which would be unpalatable to a lot of Brexiteers.
Gareth Johnson, MP for Dartford &amp; was a whip for the party: “I have concluded that I cannot, in all conscience, support the Government’s position when it is clear this deal would be detrimental to our nation’s interests.” Good man! #Brexit #WTO
Brexit anyone?
Why is a delayed Brexit such a bad option when #maydeal #nodeal are worse? It does not mean #nobrexit just #bestbrexit
No. The alternative is WTO Brexit. The guardian is lying.
Stick your deal I would be happy with "No-Brexit". I hope you're stuffed tomorrow and then resign, you're a disgrace, selfishly pushing this deal as if its the best thing ever. NO it really isn't our current member status is the best thing ever. #StopBrexit
Theresa May has urged MPs to back her Brexit deal "for fuck's sake" as Tuesday's Commons vote looms closer.
give this video a thumbs up if you wanna be apart of brexit. OMEGAPOGGERS
All discussion of No Deal focuses on WTO. In reality, ND would be trashed by financial markets in advance. £ and stocks plummet. Financial institutions/ banks in disarray. Fear about safety of saving leads to panic withdrawals. BOE forced to raise interest rates substantially.
In court this week: Brexit, betting and (anti)bodies #legalnews
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
By warning that Parliament asserting its concerns "risks no Brexit" May underlines how she has only ever acknowledged the existence of 17 million people, in a country of 65 million.
Sadly a lot of remainers are either taught by rote or out and out fibbers.
No, they didn’t know that then and most don’t know what they are talking about now! You literally can’t know that people voted for a clean break (whatever that means). Factual to say 52% of people voted to leave. Unknown is what each of their visions of Brexit was.
Brexit: Deal or no deal? UK, India businesses count costs as Britain braces for Brexit vote - The Economic ... via
Oi James, what's plan b pal? #toriesareashitshow #brexit #schooled #fionabruce
Did nobody pair with her?
So now MP’s can amend To give us all a choice and a voice So that we may put an end To this brexit at last
I, for one, will campaign to rejoin the EU after Brexit. But first we need Brexiteers to learn that Project Fear was in fact, that - Project Fact, before they will change their minds.
Yeah Gary, you’re good on MOTD, but your not a politician. Stop using your celeb status to push your political view. Stick to footy bro. #brexit
All Brexit has proven is that Britain is a true dictatorship hidden within a democracy. The people voted and all the leadership have done is try to avoid honouring their wishes. #WhenYouAreRuledByLiarsAndThieves
#Spain's Foreign Minister on #Brexit &amp; #Referendum:
Ah, so Brexit will toss the UK into a creative wilderness? I see. So any country in the world not in the EU is creatively sterile and isolated. Okay, I get it.
PeterMurrell: "If the Tory government is intent on driving the UK off the Brexit cliff-edge, then Scotland cannot - and will not - be in the passenger seat": IanBlackfordMP
We voted Leave in a one-off vote in 2016 and the Govt. vowed to abide by our decision. There is NO mandate for MPs to do anything but obey the people. #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for.
Blotto again.
Inside the EU we have a veto which can be used to stop this kind of thing if thought best. Out of the EU we have neither influence nor veto!
There may be more #Brexit resignations coming for #UK's May - ITV: That might inject further negative sentiment for the pound
Other deals could have been available. Whether something massive can happen and change it seems unlikely though. The country is still split down the middle and no one has a silver bullet brexit and half don't want to remain.
The new Stocksbridge aesthetic. Our volunteer team is building this dry stone wall as part of the heritage project. It complements the social cafe brickwork wonderfully. And working on it is such a refreshing escape from Planet Brexit!
Corbyn hints he could launch attempt to oust May this week
Great from : "Whatever the noise from Westminster, for millions of people Brexit is something that happened two and a half years ago...." 1/2
A Hard Brexit's a coming!
In a Brexit-free zone, Peter Bazalgette looks back on the past 12 months of telly
Hard brexit is the future emergency exit unneeded til its, if its needed!
'The packs include enough freeze-dried food to last 30 days, a water filter and fire starting gel'. You really couldn't make it up.
Brexit: Jean-Claude Juncker and Donald Tusk send letter of reassurance to Theresa May but admit nothing about deal can be changed - The Independent via #business #News
True... Headline from the same website:
Hogwash: the principle underlying your amendment is that of thwarting Brexit by any available means
You were elected to mole meant Brexit. Mays deal is not Brexit.
The end bit is spot on: On winning narrowly the politicians reached out to the losing side to gain consensus. Tories never did that with Brexit, never even tried a little bit. Winner takes all is no basis for massive change.
WSTA: ‘No-deal’ Brexit will cause ‘chaos’ at ports
The only feature of Theresa May's government that I like is the constant stream of people nobody's ever heard of ostentatiously resigning.
Cardiff distance themselves from Warnock’s pro-Brexit views
“The horror — the horror”
via Could Labour MP Save Theresa May? Leave Supporter Tables Brexit Deal Amendment
'Currently no valid consent to this version of Brexit,' says Totnes MP
Yes, they're *really* fat cats compared to the highly-ideoligical neolib rightwits (Cons &amp; GOP) who bought brexit for self-serving reasons... dear God, save us from delusional, uninformed brexwits... Read IFT+Cato Inst (+ 10 other neolib lobby groups) "Ideal UK-US FTA" Report...
TBH I was happy with the revelation if May loses the deal brexit will probably be avoided. #easywin
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis PUTIN'S WORK USING TRUMP AND BORIS = TWO CLOWNS
If the brexit vote does not get honoured democracy is dead.
Desperate PM talks bull in a china shop We’re now mere days away from Theresa May’s Brexit deal / career being voted into oblivion. In a desperate attempt to cling on to … Read more Desperate PM talks bull in a china shop The post Desperate PM tal…
You are not going to win an election until you get rid of your leader and stop supporting Brexit.
"Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party Quits Over Brexit Deal"
May just said in her final speech "Mrs May said that if MPs want to avoid a no deal they should vote for her deal - ‘the only deal on the table’. But she now believes that no Brexit is more likely than no deal."
Are you going to vote against the deal Andrea? Do you think that will give us a no deal Brexit?
This is just bizarre.
If he were in journalism for the sake of truth-telling, he'd have heaped praise on for her incisive exposure of electoral crime in the Brexit campaign. Instead, he smeared her. You can only conclude that he's yet another ideologue using the BBC to sell his brand.
"... It has since become synonymous with an indecipherable cacophony about cabinet splits, customs unions and the kind of arcana that might convulse Twitter but leaves most people cold."
Rifling through my law books, I can find no such duty in English contract, tort, equity or constitutional law, either in common law or statute. Could May have imagined it, or are the editions of my law books simply out of date?
Same. I'm not going to be a heroic loser and let Brexit be lost. Without a deal, we'll either have no deal or no Brexit. The former will cause significant turbulence which we'll survive and eventually thrive. The latter would be a disaster. Both sides can't be right.
Can we get a #TheresaMay #Brexit update , ? I know y'all were bullish on her and her approach a few months back.
Opposition to no-deal in itself is not enough. They can only stop Brexit if there is a clear majority in favour of an alternative outcome to the prime minister's deal. At the moment, under British law and Article 50 of the European Union treaty, Britain will leave the EU on March
With #Brexit looming, should the UK strengthen ties with countries like the US, China and India? My colleague, David Dent, debates the UK's options as the decision nears. / #regulatory
Tory whip QUITS 24 hours ahead of Brexit vote - with more to follow
The international viscosity (V) scale from low to high. V1 - Two Short Planks V2 - Mince V3 - Swan Shit V4 - Esther Mcvey feel free to use for the upcoming #onlyconnect Brexit special.
A Survation poll in November found a majority (57%) of people, if given the opportunity, would vote against the deal, while more recent polls show that the deal remains relatively unpopular. Read public attitudes to Brexit over past year in our recent blog
This is a page to reach your Local MP on email to ask them to Vote against Theresa Mays Brexit Plan. Takes 5 minutes. We HAVE TO STOP THIS NONSENSE.
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
Oh dear “pants on fire” from the PM here.
Apparently brexit might bump you off unexpectedly. Better make sure you take it with you by eating your money.
Hope this evening's event is a big success . Your campaign has been phenomenal. Thank you for your commitment, for the consistent support you have given us and to all your fearless followers who have rightly spoken out. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
'Unfair' tax on wine sets 'provocative' mood for post-Brexit FTAs, MPs warned via
“I’m choosing in a sense between career and my family life" #StopBrexit
.. and more to come
Lmao. You've not encountered Brexit Twitter before it seems
Tory whip resigns ahead of Brexit vote warning deal leaves UK "perpetually constrained" by EU
Theresa May urges MPs back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' so the crazy lady who’s MPs have already proved that they can’t be trusted wants us to trust them &amp; the EU not to use the backstop to keep us locked in? Is that because her deal already does that?
Lewis you are a far left crazy and another reason why I voted Brexit/
The UK is stockpiling toilet paper
I thought ALL PM were today debating in Parliament Today and Tomorrow, the important issues and possible Brexit outcomes. Instead of that the PM is travelling around.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns ahead of Brexit vote with this devastating letter: via #Brexit #BrexitVote
A second referendum would take 9 months to implement. Also it would result in remainers scare mongering about how bleak life will be in the event of any brexit deal. British people have always been pioneers. Leave and we will lead the mass EU exodus.
Luciana Berger Jess Philip's and some MP in Wales I never heard of. Sad or what.
Non brexit you mean Nobody supports mays surrender document!!!
May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry #Brexit
How do we tell her that our faith in the democratic process/our politicians is pretty much beyond repair....
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
Current generation of British politicians. They clearly know their shit. #EU #Corbyn #Brexit
Remaining avoids horror of no deal Brexit!
UK/Pol: I got a letter from the Pension Office telling me how great they are to give me "%p a week on my state pension. Would you believe it 25p after 48 years work, what a great country we live in, screw BREXIT.
Owen Paterson argued that having a Welsh Assembly would stoke English nationalism and that the £100m cost would be better spent on hospitals and schools. Despite the far higher cost of Brexit he's forgotten about about the NHS.
Total hypocrisy and blatant lying from the Maybot! In 1979 the vote was 52% vs 48% in favour of Scottish devolution, but the turnout of 63% meant the 'yes'...
The purpose of the amendment is to ensure the EU and Ireland can take the fall when #Brexit fails
Check out ’s Tweet: #brexit
But we're not supporting a Tory brexit. What are you talking about?
Given the DUP got money from May's govt on the basis they would back Brexit votes and they aren't doing that, will they give the money back? LOLOL only messing, Paisley has already converted it for his next holiday.
People talking crap like this in government just should not be there, the government is supposed to and is obligated to leave, if they postpone or stop it then we have no democracy and will have officially become a police state and you can then kiss Britain Goodbye, Heil Hitler
You mean like when May et al voted against the establishment of the Welsh Assembly after it was voted for in a referendum?
The prime minister addressed factory workers in Stoke-on-Trent on Monday, in a last-ditch attempt to stave off a crushing defeat for her unpopular Brexit agreement before Tuesday’s vote in the House of Commons. Theresa May refuses to rule ou... #EU #EUpol
mmmmmm a hardcore brexiteer isn't afraid of a no deal brexit. My God you have a scoop !!!!!
Getting tears in my eyes just finking about it, gawd bless the Queen mum. I'm off to read the cow's arse brexit plan. Leave means leave.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
It is a shame that your leader doesn't share your view. If she'd tried to find compromise earlier on we wouldn't be here today. Instead we got 'Brexit means Brexit', 'No deal is better than a bad deal' and 'We're ending free movement for once and for all' #shitshow
Brexit: Labour MEPs ask Jeremy Corbyn to back second EU referendum - The Independent
Well, that’s taken my mind off Brexit for a few seconds. What a crazy world and, remember Alex, let’s demand
Theresa May lies about the Welsh Assembly in bid to get MPs to back Brexit deal
The whole point of a 2 year limit is to avoid Brexit becoming a never ending story. What the UK should’ve done is developed a clear, deliverable picture of what Brexit it wanted, held a ref on that and then left or not based on the result.
why has it gone unmentioned that multitudes of Britons, holding Brit passports, but living in other parts of the world were not given a vote in the Brexit debacle? Merci for the courtesy of a reply.
The Captaincy is binding unlike Brexit which isn't.
Women just aren’t as dedicated to their jobs once they become mums y’know...
Major issues loom in the UK as their fuhrer declares there may not be a brexit if her crappy deal is rejected. #TheresaMay #Brexit #EuropeanUnion #Tyranny #Globalism
Here Are All The Tory MPs Who Have Indicated So Far That They Won’t Vote For Theresa May’s Brexit Deal via
Dollar Struggles as Sterling Soars on Expectations of Brexit Delay The US dollar struggled to add to gains against its rivals on Friday, as sterling soared on growing expectations the UK will seek to delay its scheduled exit date from the European Union. #forex #indeal24 #dollar
Brexit News: German economist reveals UK will have to pay EU £39bn without ANY trade deal | UK | News |
Fracking: Lancashire voted to ban May and Savid Javid overturned the vote and imposed deeply unpopular fracking on Lancashire and the country Throughout this story, beware of the pollsters - they are not what they seem
I wouldn't ask Neil Warnock advice on his local Fish and Chip shops so why does he think we need his opinion on Brexit?
Lol the fake news are so corrupt. Split the leave option to make it look like remain wins the poll. Your fooling no one.
She's a ridiculous woman, so her double standards are ingrained. Either that, or she's being promised greatness by Putin, or alternatively threatened, over bringing Brexit to roost. I pray hourly that she fails, spectacularly.
Who had heard of Jacob Rees Mogg before Brexit? Not even many in Tory party knew him.
Real units or trumped up tech colleges pretending????
And you are too stupid, fat and ugly to be condescending! 'Representatives' voted [85%] to hand 'Judgement to Direct Democracy! You pathetic lowlife scum, but yr good for Brexit.
#Brexit: unratified deal without known choices - BBC live reporting:
This is total CRAP pointed out clearly yesterday that, in TRUTH, none of these people like Boles or Grieve can LEGALLY ENFORCE any of their 'motions.' Only GOVT can bring forth PRIMARY legislation. As it stands, we LEAVE WITH OR WITHOUT A DEAL on Mar 29. #Brexit
As far as I know no other country has command of any of our forces other than us. I dont really get what your saying there, if your talking Brexit then give it a few months and we will be free.... hopefully
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
UK pollsters ask people if they would vote differently in a second Brexit referendum- wouldn’t it be better if you ask them WHAT would be the ‘different’?! I’m just sayin. #TrueMwk #Brexit #britishpolitics
Every May-backing Tory I see interviewed takes her lead in putting the ending of freedom of movement as their (and "the people's") number one Brexit objective. Oh how I hope they (and "the people") fail.
It's really sad that there is so little trust in the pairing system that Tulip has had to do this.
Brilliant analogy! #Brexit
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement' - The Independent
At least one MP has shown integrity
Making #GDPR British: New Regulations set out the UK's post #Brexit DP landscape
Out of interest, from the deals put forward and the way Brexit is going, what benefits will the poorer people get from Brexit?
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
AGREED IN FULL. I have never been to a protest in my life but I am going with friends this Saturday 19th to parliament after 10am. Join us. SAVE BREXIT. SAVE DEMOCRACY.
British PM #TheresaMay on #BrexitChaos
How many is that now ?
says that #Brexit can be fantastic. Utter rot and all intelligent people know that, especially disaster capitalist MPs in the ERG and their billionaire mates who expect to make a fortune from the Great British Brexit Fire Sale. #NoBrexit #BrexitChaos
"The polarising tendency of modern politics, the aversion to responsibility, compromise and common sense has never been so glaring. MPs should vote for the deal and do what they were elected to do, which is govern the country":
Geoffrey Clifton-Brown MP, The Government can't get its Brexit deal through. Here’s why I think a #PeoplesVote is the #OnlyWayForward:
I see our duplicitous, scare mongering, traitorous, remainer of a PM is at it again with her "no brexit more a possibility than no deal brexit" Don't be scared folks, we leave on the 29th March, end of. #Brexit #WTO #NoDealNoProblem #RespectTheResult #MayMustGo #LibLabConOut
It's fashionable to hate Andrew Adonis for being odd about Brexit, but a more important reason is that the framing of HS2 as a white elephant is his fault. As transport minister, he sold it on its (irrelevant) speed, rather than the vital capacity reasons it's actually needed.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
Nice house you have in France #DominicGrieve Not surprised that you want to overturn the Brexit vote! You're a disgrace! Resign now!
Apart from brexit, that list contains everything people from all political persuasions can get behind. It's way past the time for a movement.
Brexit is now officially Project Denial.
But don't tell anyone....eh Tezza.???
#Brexit Acting on the results of the 2016 #Frauderendum is a State Crime against Democracy, and you as Head of Government must take responsibility for that egregious crime, and as leader of the Official Opposition must be charged with complicity.
This man should be de selected. Vote with Labour or join the Tories. #JC4PM2019
Why Ireland’s Border Commands Its Own Brexit Backstop +1 KachingBot #Business
Atheists now use their toxic platform to construct "scientific" arguments against Brexit and Trump. So... apparently... "facts" and "science" show that Trump supporters are idiots, victims of the Dunning-Kruger Effect.
I haven’t been in a Wankerspoons for two years except to stick up some Bollocks to Brexit stickers and to have an inaccurate piss in the toilets
Do you understand how referendums works then? Those representative powers were handed back to the people for this decision &amp; the Gov. said it would implement it. This was then confirmed at the GE when 85% of the vote went to parties who promised to deliver #Brexit. Simples!
. UK's default probability keeps rising. Hit the highest level since 2016 on #Brexit chaos
Theresa May says no Brexit more likely than no deal
This can’t get enough coverage! The lies and hypocrisy of May and co exposed. Happy to vote against the result of a referendum when they didn’t like the result!
There was a protracted high court case with appeals that found no such evidence. And our judiciary and civil service are 100% remain and would love to find the leave campaign guilty but couldn't. You can reopen the case for £400 if you have evidence.
Boris Johnson warns of Brexit backlash -
Our industry’s very real economic concerns in the event of a no deal Brexit was a topic of discussion on on Monday morning, discussed the impacts at 34.5 mins. We are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
This, please read &amp; understand.
So what is your master plan for #brexit, or wil be the usual hatred of foreigners nonsense.
No matter how you try and dress this up, it's a deliberate attempt at thwarting brexit. You and the rest of the treacherous remainers should hold your heads in shame.
The UK is stockpiling toilet paper
V quick legal advice this time round. Geoffrey Cox so convinced re the EU letters that he says PM’s deal only practical way to deliver Brexit (legal advice??)
Happy to be a signatory to this important campaign for #InformedConsent on the #Brexit outcome. #PeoplesVote #C4PV
Theresa May warns there could be no Brexit at all if her deal fails
That’s fine, so do I. Gary is now becoming more popular on his stance on Brexit than anything else. He’s on about it every single day of the week. Are you?
#italy #uk #friends #allies #italexit #brexit Good luck.
If she is I will start arresting MP's for treason and they will be tried by the people on the street using Common law! May should resign before we arrest Her for High Treason!
The fact that Owen Jones' arguments are so popular, tells me that a great number of British citizens are stuck in permanent adolescence. #Brexit
Agreed Peter I will go further . I am one of those referred to those who dont believe we should support any colour. Whoever gets in at an election just now requires the SNP according to recent polls. Whoever gets in will have to carry the can for Brexit. And we get a section 30?
"Dominic Cummings delivered an estimated one billion targetted adverts to voters through AggregateIQ in the lead up to the Referendum." Brexit: The Uncivil War" - Channel 4 (7/01/2019).
any politician who voted for a referendum, triggered Article 50 and who's electorate voted leave but is trying to overturn Brexit is a 'scab politician' who should be voted out or deselected
Not at all patronising. If I didn’t respect &amp; like your tweets I would’ve used different language. I consider you a genuine &amp; good person. That’s why your recent tweeting that we should hold back from trying to destabilise the Tory govt at the very moment of Tory #brexit so sad.
Go away
May you are total SCUM...probably the WORSE MP we have ever had....you were unknown as a backbencher, crap as the Home Secretary, and just a treacherously, corrupt, fraudulent, lying, betraying, EU puppet...PM! You belong in prison..but nothing will be done..and you know it!
There is no Brexit Debate. Even if there is a Brexit Debate, it can never be resolved until we are all dead. Belief in the possibility of change or progress is a lie, designed to conceal from us the horror of a senseless universe.
#BrexitVote #Brexit #GeneralElection #LabourParty #PeoplesVote #TheresaMay seems terrified to actually speak to the people of this country explaining her "deal". Parliament cannot agree. If the #Tories cannot rule then there must be a #generalelection and #Labour can negotiate.
Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament? - Reuters Read:
Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal - Reuters
Yep, first caller used the reuse about JLR loosing all the jobs because of Brexit. And Boris called him out. Yep, that won’t go down well with some, Boris called for Electric vehicles in the battle against pollution.
Fox is up there with the rest of the Tory liars.
Soon the show will come to an end and the greatest stitch up in British history by a Government will be revealed for all to see. “You can have your Brexit but only on my terms” the leading lady shouts as the final curtain falls. In the darkness nods of approval are given unseen.
Find out how your #business in #Basildon, #pitsea, #laindon, #wickford or #Billericay can prepare for the UK's exit from the EU #BrexitandBusiness #Brexit
#Brexit: Could Channel Ports cope with no deal?
The great #BrexitVote divide: how the county's MPs are lining up ahead of tomorrow's historic vote: #KentConservatives
The two options on the table are (a) no Brexit at all (b) Remain via her deal What about option c), the one we voted for? Why is it not an option? I thought she said 'Brexit means Brexit' many times.
But it’s still bad.
In non-Brexit news...
UK Citizens to Feel 'Betrayed' If Parl't Attempts to Frustrate Brexit - Johnson: via
Except for Farage
EU advises British PM Theresa May ahead of key Brexit vote Ahead of a long-awaited vote, the European Union has sent a letter to British Prime Minister Thersa May, saying a new customs and border deal would be temporary. #breaki…
Brexit: The Uncivil War - "half-baked and miserable" (a pretty fair summary from we think)
EU diplomats admitted in private before they released their letter (in close coordination with No10) that it may not ‘quite’ do the trick to turn the parliamentary arithmetic around.. #Brexit
Reminder that despite May leading the lease successful government in modern history (calling snap election and losing her majority; the real reason Brexit is such a shambles) Labour are STILL behind in the polls due to Corbyn having no real cogent plan beyond 'renegotiate'
One thing i’ve learnt over the last few years from watching comedy that patronising jokes without punchlines about veganism, being a lesbian &amp; having a tough life, manic depression, men, the working class, Brexit &amp; trump are all HILARIOUS
Britain plans more "global military leadership" post-Brexit, angering Russia -
The ONLY way Parliament can revoke Article 50: 1. Abolish, by enactment, the government's prerogative to control the business of the House. 2. Repeal or amend the domestic Brexit legislation, primarily, but not exclusively, the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Cont..
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Why do you give a hoot what Piers thinks Gary? His often very poor opinion on most things is not worth responding to, by doing that you validate it. Don't give him the time of day. Agree with everything you say on Brexit though! #PeoplesVote
These 112 Tory Rebel MPs Have Indicated That They Won’t Vote For Theresa May’s Brexit Deal MPs of dignity!
Victoria voted leave, she had concerns over the fishing industry. However she has now had a serious change of mind now she sees the reality of brexit. She's a #remainerNow Top stuff , so many feel like you. It's why we must have a #PeoplesVote with #OptionToRemain
UK Jobs boom. Despite brexit? Or because of Brexit?
Britain plans more “global military leadership” post-Brexit, angering Russia
She’s made Brexit a shambles.
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
Really excited about this. And it would be great to talk about ideas for a change!
So you don't want to talk about it then. And as for your prediction, Brexit will be a repeat of Suez for slow learners. That was another case of gung ho types having an exaggerated idea of Britain's place in the world and then reality intruded.
I remember being told this was never going to be needed post-brexit.... - Swap UK driving licence, says government via
I'm afriad this won't stop the Brexit we're going to end up getting. We can just sit back and watch the Tories destroy themselves before they're inevitably wiped out in the next Election, right?
Mrs May's Brexit deal risks giving the EU power to ruin the UK's ability to compete By RADOMIR TYLECOTE 14 JANUARY 2019 • 9:02AM Most discussion of the Withdrawal...
Unbelievably the Tory whip has just resigned so that he can vote against Mays deal, that shows how bad it is, #WTO #Brexit is what 17.4M people are waiting for #skynews
UK withdrawal agreement: Lords debates Brexit deal - News from Parliament - UK Parliament via
MPs r voted to parliament as MPs to govern for 66 million of us not as delegates for the 17 million who voted for Brexit! Just remember that!
Multiple horns, making UK come together.
No brexit at all. Sounds ideal.
I wish I was Canadian... I really need to get away from #Brexit which is embarrassing and making the UK look like a banana republic. Can I too seek asylum? #RevokeArticle50 &amp; #StopBrexit now for god sake !!
This woman's not fit to be PM.
We all want rid of the Tories but we need to stop Brexit first.
With tomorrows vote taking place is your #business ready for the changes that may occur with #Brexit getting closer? Why not read this article to get some top #tips on how to prepare your business for #Brexit.
Never heard of him! Good thing the BBC included a picture.
Last night I sent my Belgian friend a link to the speech given by . Today I got this reply... "Just watched the speech: absolutely brilliant; it gives me hopes to believe in the UK again." #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll
Chops: What's your opinion on Brexit? Should the UK stay or go?
A chance for all EU Citizens to support Scotland. #brexit #indyref2 #UseTheMandate
Looking at the massive and potentially permanent damage that the Brexit Coalition of the Tory and Labour front benches are backing, never have I been prouder to be a #LibDem ( ) and to have as my party's leader. #PeoplesVote #ExitFromBrexit #DemandBetter
We’ve gone #mad. PM pursuing a mad policy in a mad way for mad reasons and people are resigning because it isn’t mad enough #brexit
Reminder: May's deal is not the only deal a UK PM could have got. It's the only deal a UK PM could have got ~given May's particular red lines~. She chose those red lines so long ago (in Brexit terms) it's easy to forget they were a choice.
Another alternative is #NoPM, let’s get for one that is going for what we voted for. #Brexit
Putins delight! I bet he is loving all this. What with Trump! My god what a state our Great Country is in particularly if the PM wanted a Bo BREXIT scenario all along? Hello Corbyn to No 10.
Here Are All The Tory MPs Who Have Indicated So Far That They Won’t Vote For Theresa May’s Brexit Deal via
Fuck off piers. One. People are entitled to change their minds. Two. It’s been nearly 3 years now since that vote. We have WAY MORE INFORMATION about the affects of brexit. Lastly. Fuck off piers.
You prefer the thought of a No Deal Brexit instead?
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Only Danny Dyer has attempted to summarise the ongoing process so far.
1/2 This is sobering. But wait until you see the full list...
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
return leave, from the perspective of the Establishment this still buys time for EU reform following likely EURO banking crisis either this year or next. Either way Brexit remians an imaginary solution to real problems.
EU nationals in UK await parliament's Brexit verdict: via
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Notts fans if the rumours about Grant to the inbreds are true.....
#NochMehrEntertainment: A Brexit Lesson From the Cradle of Democracy
Weekly Fundamental Forecast: Trade Wars, Government Shutdown and Brexit Threaten to Stir Volatility,
Bercow's a strong contender, but my money's still on the Boogie.
Who said it was ok for 36 idiots to overrule the Brexit vote. These MPs are despicable. It’s very much like the Weimar government in Germany taking power away from the voters and handing it to a cabal of misfits.
European open – Big week ahead for Brexit: Rocky week in store for UK as Brexit deal goes to parliament Another very interesting week awaits investors, particularly those in the UK, where parliamentarians will finally get their chance – fingers crossed – on Theresa May’s…
Labour votes for things to stay in as a reflex action. They can’t be trusted to take a rational decision.
there could be an empty plinth for No Brexit?
"Brexit is political asbestos.Sooner or later it will kill anything that had a hand in it."
Lasbour Party’s Annual Conference motion on Brexit says: “if we cannot get a general election Labour must SUPPORT all options remaining on the table, including campaigning for a public vote”. Note the word "support" - not merely consider.
There will be a transition with a no deal #Brexit. It will be where the UK transitions from being in the EU to being out of the EU, and it will last the blink of an eye.
Please read this immediately because it's important to know before they do something wrong. #BrexitVote #Brexit
No #brexit we did not vote for a deal. We need #NoDeal her deal is remain
In an ordinary #Brexit, #Brexit comes first, then you lose your job. In a "Jobs First Brexit" it's the other way round!
No-deal Brexit will kill startups, say eco-coffee capsule firm bosses
British Media been very poor on the detail of brexit. Guests are not asked enough to give detail and its just give sound bites.
I don’t want Brexit to happen but just think of how much money has been wasted by this useless Tory government in the who campaign. David Cameron, you sir. Are a criminal
UK firm 'sells hundreds of #Brexit survival kits' containing food, water filters and fire-starting gel
Love Randy Rainbow and his videos. We could do with some about Brexit to give us a bit of light hearted cheer over here in UK
EU writes to UK providing assurances over Ireland Brexit backstop
This is incredible! For months everybody's been saying the harder the Brexit the better the case for independence. Now this! We will NEVER restore our independence playing their game. NEVER! #DissolveTheUnion
Can the hopeless give you hope?
If Silvio Dante talks, you listen!
It is my considered opinion that most people in the UK have no faith in Tory Democracy - and struggle to see anything that will resolve the issues with democracy. IMHO the only answer (regardless of previous concerns you might have had) is the only way to restore it
Regardless of the seller, don't buy a moatless business in a legacy industry whilst gearing it up? Luck didn't go their way either. #Brexit Buffett's commentaries on the challenges, and his own experience with, retail businesses, are insightful.
Please vote against the Deal. deal isn't Brexit. We will be worse off than staying as we are.
He means politically for the . The party base will be furious and they risk losing seats, maybe even some safe-seats, if they don't orchestrate withdrawal. #Brexit #UKPolitics.
The political classes are manoeuvring to block Brexit. Voters’ faith in our democracy may never recover
Brexit: Further proposals to prepare regulatory regime via News In Shorts #news #FinTechInShorts #partnerships #fintech #funding #corebanking #corebanking #financeandeconomy #technology #bankingindustry #bitcoin #banking
We were joint 1st with the US pre-Brexit and Trump.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
good on ye Scotland #RevokeArticle50
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
He has a point #Brexit
Not quite sure what you’re referring to by your Q but to address your general point, we access more of the world *through* our EU membership - take e.g. the 50+ trade deals with non-EU countries that would automatically fall on Brexit day.
about the #Brexit
"Dominic Cummings delivered an estimated one billion targetted adverts to voters through AggregateIQ in the lead up to the Referendum." Brexit: The Uncivil War" - Channel 4 (7/01/2019).
Wow. Because we have a parliamentary system that was never designed to include women &amp; in 2019 we still haven't addressed that
And I don’t have a girlfriend. But Brexit will fix that, along with everything else!
Or maybe you are a liar (sorry I meant dissembling disingenuous mendacious shill) who works for corrupt Tory Yougov?
#PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #Brexit #brexitshambles #BrexitChaos #greens #labour Just take a look, fantastic agriculture gadgets
Not a problem but there’s plenty of Remain voters who now want Brexit!!
any politician who voted for a referendum, triggered Article 50 and who's electorate voted leave but is trying to overturn Brexit is a 'scab politician' who should be voted out or deselected
Pretty much, yeah. Austerity, obligatory rise of fash that goes alongside that and Brexit catering to the fash means it's a shitshow.
You think any Govt could abandon Brexit without a second referendum giving them a mandate to do so?
Our deal with the #EU is only one of a number of trade &amp; international deals the #UK needs to secure, what we could loose in one we could gain in others. The EU is not the be all and end all. #Brexit
No. I voted Tory because they promised Brexit so did many others. This herd mentality is old school. Tory voters who have voted Blue for yrs won’t do so next time. Unprecedented times, dont be fooled into thinking 17 million votes will be ignored &amp; things will stay the same.
Careful, folks. Reading until The UK's Brexit aftermath?
The Prime Minister is due to make a statement, on Brexit, to the HoC, at 4pm today.
Yes. And EFTA is completely separate from the EU
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
EY’s latest #Brexit Tracker highlights that around 2,000 new roles have been or will be hired in Europe by #financialservices firms as a result of Brexit. Read the full story in the #FinancialTimes to learn more.
For consumers, workers and SMEs and against protectionism, crony capitalism and rent-seeking: Dominic is further down the necessary route to Red Toryism than as a whole. Feels to me like the next leader
Brexit will not affect Gary Linekars freedom of movement one jot. It could reduce the opportunities available to the younger generation and certainly provide barriers to the rest of us proles who want to live/work in the EU. It certainly won’t make the poor less poor...
Yet again and forget who the 'establishment' actually is. #RevokeA50 #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
History will show Dominic Grieve to be a true hero and defender of the national will and interests. #Brexit
(Slightly) too soon to tell? Depends on numbers tomorrow pm I suppose. But it would be a potentially shattering moment for a lifeflong scep to try and halt/delay Brexit.
If this site were the Commons and tweeters were MPs what #BREXIT would you vote for?
When “better than Dunkirk” is being used as a selling point you know we’re in the shit
Londons_burning_the_clash.mp3
The Evil #Communists stir up racial tensions yet pretend to be against #Racism, they have killed millions around the world but are still whining on about #Hitler. #BBC #Trump #MAGA #GiletJaune #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK #TommyRobinson
He's probably thinking Brexit will enable mediocre managers like himself some respite after years of foreign dominated top managerial jobs in British football.
Only 74 stockpiling, Ark building &amp; nuclear shelter constructing days left to #Brexit! LOL
It is every liberal citizens duty to stop extremists by legitimate argument, not pander to their every whim out of a sense of fear! #stopbrexitnow
RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN BERCOW BREACH of RULES. Officials argued that the amendment, which states that Mrs May must return to the Commons for another vote within three days if her Brexit deal was voted down, was in breach of the rules.
tbf we've all aged about 20 years since Brexit.
The betting markets are assigning less than a 35% probability that the UK will exit the EU by March 29th...#brexit
None of Brexit has anything to do with the normal folks of this country it’s merely an attempt by the upperclass elite to recreate some British Empire mentality in the 21st century, quite laughable,my only hope is the public come to understand the Tory doctrine and what it means
Only thing is every poll since September 2017 has shown as majority no longer want Brexit. The country has seen the emperor has no clothes. There are no upsides, no Brexit dividend, Turkey is not joining all the Brexit lies are turning to dust, same as the Brexit project
UK #exports to India up by 27% despite #Brexit uncertainty #GlobalTrade #ChamberInt
Good for you
I agree no stupid deals leave the whole EU not in parts leave was voted for simple brexit means EXIT get on with it woman fgs.
Let's see what happens this week. The idea of EU Ref 2 is crazy from so many angles I still don't think it will happen. I actually hope hurricane Brexit splits the tories and labour so we can start from scratch.
Call me mean but I don’t hate to see the Old colonizers go down in the flames of their own arrogance and anger against other people!
Saddening that my awesome MP ( )supports Brexit, was a member of the Labour Party, might have to look at the alternatives to Labour and Conservatives... Do you support a second referendum
Brexiters complain of betrayal and will of the people. The greater betrayal will be the opportunities of young people if we leave.
Your deal IS'NT Brexit
Quarter of DfT staff may help out on Brexit
He is a farmer, so I suspect he isn't a brexit voter as he has said.
What is "jobs first Brexit"? I can help: It's a political slogan devised by the few to appeal to the many.
Thought for the day: if Brexit doesn't happen, the 'Will of the People' hasn't been ignored. We've spent two years trying to sort out how to actually do it, and it turns out that doing it cocks the country up. So we shouldn't do it. Here endeth the lesson.
I know. It was said tongue in cheek. I probably should've put the honourable &amp; right honourable in inverted commas. It'll be a choice between no deal (chaos) &amp; no brexit (tory mps branded traitors &amp; never being elected again). It'll be fun to see how many self-interest wins by.
This kind of bull shit by teachers is a major part of the decline of ethics and morals and decency in the world, teachers are a bunch of liberal knob heads these days, and create wimps as kids
On top of not being a great ambassador for Visit Malaysia, Neil Warnock also seems to be paid via sponsorship from - a truely European Financial services co. I wonder how a post-Brexit eToro will do financially in the UK?
PM this morning: “Think about the consequences of No Brexit.” PM this afternoon: “NOT LIKE THAT!”
It's striking how little we discuss Brexit's impact on British Jews, writes
"These arguments sometimes descend into personal attacks and insults"
Ahead of #Brexit, it’s worth remembering that lots of the UK’s advertising talent comes from Europe:
#Brexit is raising lots of questions for businesses around the world - especially when it comes to #dataprivacy and the #GDPR. Here are 3 ways this transition could impact privacy programs around the world.
I didn't have the energy to challenge it, but only yesterday I heard someone complaining that they were sick of being called racist/xenophobic for supporting Brexit and they weren't really less welcoming to foreigners... yet their opinion isn't really relevant to that, is it?
Games4EU outlines the good and (mostly) bad of potential Brexit deal
The Brexit Blog: The backstop is a symptom, not a cause, of the #Brexit Crisis
People were less than surprised to discover that Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock is in favour of Brexit.
Earnings begin, $C not bad. China is slowing, trade deal will come. Brexit vote this week. Shutdown with no end in site. I expect choppy week. $SPX #ES_F
To recklessly pursue an uncommon brexit is foolhardy, to refuse to consider a passionate brexit is arrogant.
BREXIT IS FUCKING (boring)
Brexit: Scenarios of the movement of the British pound. May, Tusk and Juncker exchanged courtesies #forex
The Coatings Industry strongly opposes a no deal Brexit. Our CEO Bowtell discussed the impacts on on Monday morning, check it out at 34.5 mins. The BCF are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
Skills shortages are an ongoing problem for many businesses and Brexit isn't likely to change that. Make sure you review how you're recruiting as jobseeker behaviour changes. #BeyondBREXIT
Doesn't mean he is in favour of leaving?
He thinks he is putting an end to it when, actually, he’s just prolonging and promulgating further disaster for the UK. Clifton - no!- Chamberlin
#SundayBrunch #PhilipKotler #inflation #10yearchallenge #Trump #BREAKING #Brexit #2008v2018 #Feminism is depriving men of their basic rights and equality #Feminists by marches are extorting more &amp; more pro-women systems thus pushing men into disadvantage
Lasbour Party’s Annual Conference motion on Brexit says: “if we cannot get a general election Labour must SUPPORT all options remaining on the table, including campaigning for a public vote”. Note the word "support" - not merely consider.
How the recent channel crossings by migrants is a 'manufactured crisis', part of a broader project to harden attitudes towards Brexit, and a direct result of the current hostile environment policy.
Gets people like yourself out of having to comment of Brexit as the SS Mays Govt slips under the waves to settle on the ocean floor
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via
"These Red Tories need deselecting"
London Mayor calls for settled status fee to be scrapped for EU citizens who were living here before the Brexit referendum
TONIGHT: In the week of the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, the first of four evening specials of #PoliticsLive begins, in addition to the usual lunchtime show! Join live from Westminster tonight at 7pm
The one good thing about Brexit being dragged this far, is that we now the low/poor quality of some MPs we hold in such high places. For that, I give all thanks to this #brexshit shambles. Hopefully, they’ll never set foot in parliament again after all this has died down.
'He could sort out Brexit': Fans in awe of Andy #Murray's display at Australian Open | Daily Mail
that's interesting
Unfortunately there’s a problem there. Brexit means different things to different people. Everything they said before the referendum has either changed or they’ve gone back on it.
#Brexit is actually a coup which fits nicely with your excellent article.
The latest FTS Haulage Weekly! Thanks to #brexit #haulage
#GeneralElectionNow both #brexit and a new leader will settle things down. Its time to think of the most vulnerable in our society, an inclusive community.
Haggerty's only talent is that she was once called a ''taig'' That's it. Nothing else
Even Diane Abbott admits LEAVE would WIN again in second Brexit referendum
Are you struggling to plan your finances due to #Brexit uncertainty? If so, read our latest article to fully understand your #financial #planning options for #2019
Gary's view on everything...1: will it make me money...2: is it anything to do with football...3: is it anything to do with crisps....4: anything else including brexit....I'm a complete knob who doesn't have a clue what I'm taking about...
Itchy back side and got the country to vote for Brexit for what. See lah see lah
It not about that, is it? &amp; you're making a partisan assumption, which seems endemic in the Brexit non-debate- 1) You're growling away but do NOT know what 'I want' 2)[maybe you'll read it this time] you allow the losing side to stand up again and argue their point [irrefutable]
We send MPs to parliament as MPs to govern for the 66 million of us not as delegates for the 17 million who voted for Brexit time to remember that! #ProjectHope
Hey, this Brexit thingy's getting serious. (take a bow, sub-editor)
Compassion in Care will be there on the 22nd please come and support this event
MSN Full of BREXIT! Good day to hide news? But would MSN have published this? Please retweet to let people know! #NAMFP
Wouldn't surprise me if British children are being taught at school that brexit is racist and evil . Ofsted for to long have ignored how biased and left wing teachers and unions are . Do not let your kids be brainwashed
BREAKING NEWS: Person who is against Brexit supports argument which would reverse Brexit. More to come when we get it. #FuckOff
Gareth Johnson MP, Tory Party whip has resigned. His resignation letter to Theresa May, is posted on his facebook page "I cannot vote for the Prime Minister's Brexit deal" He has decided to place his loyalty, to his country, above his loyalty to the government. #JC4PM2019
Theresa May reveals last-ditch EU vow to never use Brexit backstop – but it’s not legally binding and that will be a dismissable offence for a lawyer as it isn't binding and as such a huge risk forever, could cost the country dear
Pub Operator #MitchellsAndButlers' Holiday Sales Rise 9.8%, Warns On #Brexit
A great, superbly accurate summary of our PMs and others mindsets and their self interest stance. FACT: A deal or no deal isn’t better than where we are now! The compromise? A people’s vote ! Great stuff James!
It has taken Brexit to expose the corrupt, sanctimonious, anti-democratic, self-serving politicians we now have in Parliament. It has shown they only respect democracy when it suits them.
FT "The three-page letter from Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European Commission, and Donald Tusk, European Council president, includes no significant revisions or additions to the terms of Britain’s Brexit package" As predicted
Rescind means withdraw, not delay, as the Times headline mis-spins it. See wording in ECJ judgement on good faith, sincerity.
Britain plans more “global military leadership” post-Brexit, angering Russia
Both parties stood on a leave brexit BOTH! They got 80%. Of the vote. Selective memory??
We voted to Leave. I'd prefer an EFTA/EEA-based #Brexit, and we may get there in the end, but the present danger is a disorderly #Brexit that'll cost jobs + hit living standards. MPs should back May's Deal, poor as it is, to prevent that. A 2nd Ref is a dangerous distraction. 5/5
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
Five-stage HGV plan for Kent’s roads in case of no-deal Brexit
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes'
Yet again, an example of the perceived higher intellect of some Remainers - ‘pity the poor deceived leavers’ mentality. Patronising and elitist. #brexit #brexitdeal
Hi Andrew, have you read the Statement on our website? Also this poster has now been altered to rightly identify this as a Ltd event? Several Brexit events have taken place in the building - all sides represented! Happy to chat - call me.
The bit about there being “‘sufficient calories’ to survive” post-Brexit was more than sufficiently alarming tbh
How many £billions are UK saving on membership fees. EU are ready to offer UK Free Trade Deal. For too long Umunna crying disaster fighting the people but he agreed with Brexit and leave date. #SCAB MP SPOUTING CRAP ABOUT #BREXIT
Astonishing #Parallel #TeresaMay #UK : #Brexit || #Trump #GOP #Conservatives #NeoCons #Government /to #TV/off-cursed-screensaver-changes 2go2 #CNN - Reminder Now #HBO #Movie "The Human Stain" #MondayMorning #US
The British Brexiteers not only blaming the Irish Brexiteers(DUP) for their non support of the Irish backstop but failing to take responsibility for their own decisions. Any cartoonists who can write a DUP Brexit slogan on the side of a big Ulsterbus rather than a big red one?
This is no different than the 'nuclear survival kits' sold by far right nutters in the states and it is simply praying on the vulnerable for profit. #brexit #stockpile
Theresa May “am in a factory that got an EU grant talking about Brexit and now am going to do some bootscooting” #janeygodleyvoiceover with SWEARING
Theresa May mocked for delivering Brexit speech next to 'load of mugs'
The best way to dump the tories is for people like the #fbpe rs , to get real! This country is fucked under the tories , brexit or no brexit , the people have spoken , they won get over it .
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
After that, any Remainer support for a GE is gone. In fact, it'll turn many Remainers against Labour if a GE is called but provisions haven't first been put in place to avert #Brexit
INFH UXEYX 140119153040
How prepared is your business for a No Deal scenario? Read how we have supported an interesting business with their planning.
DUP MP Nigel Dodds said: "There is nothing new. Nothing has changed."
It's quite a thing when even the Tory whip for Brexit, Gareth Johnson, thinks the plan is no good.
Theresa May "hypocrisy" over Brexit comparison to Welsh devolution
Well, quite, but in terms of answering a point on whether the EU would prevent us from revoking it....as with everything else Brexit-related, ultimately the fate of the nation is in our own hands.
Local MP gets a slating. Who is it?
We know that the Conservatives nationally don’t have a sensible answer on what to do about Brexit. supports . But what about ? What’s her opinion? ? ? ? Anyone?
Brexit and Dover traffic chaos fears means Port of Hull is already busier
The amount of U18 support of remain is significantly less than you think. Perhaps privileged uni students might but there are plenty of pro-brexit young people. Besides no opinion polling is showing evidence of a clear switch to remain.
Here’s the #Economic #success we were promised from #Brexit, good job , Nice to see UK company’s finally benefiting
. This is for presenters so they can educate themselves on what has said and done about #Brexit
Are you still drawing your MEP salary? Think your attitude sucks if so. In any other job, they'd have fired your sorry ass.
There is no such thing as a profitable brexit, in real life. There are fantasy, profitable brexits but they can't be implemented. All realistic brexit scenarios are levels of damage limitation.
It will be as calm as can be. Until 11pm on that date, the UK is still in the EU, and you will touch down many hours before Brexit.
....as we approach the final weeks before Brexit, the Establishment are convinced they know best, convinced they should direct the 'little people' how to think because given the opportunity to do it for themselves they returned the wrong answer
that video was strangled by and . It would not play nor open. Gloria
Sorry what has Malaysia got to do with Brexit or the EU
Not even worth answering her......
Also are we not missing that the brexit referendum is a negative one and the first that causes harm to our country? No wonder MPs are having a hard time implementing it!
Fall off my chair in shock as #GammyWilson has been stating for months that he doesn't like this deal. However I wouldn't vote for that shower of arseholes if they were the only party on the ballot, so this question needs a "no suitable response" Also, it'll be postponed again
Please do not unfollow me. If you simply want a follow back from me please just message below. I tell you the truth on Brexit and much more so give me a follow and support my account and will return the favour! Thanks it’s much appreciated!!
The political classes are manoeuvring to block Brexit. Voters' faith in our democracy may never recover via
Uncompromising headline from the MSM in Wales.
The problem is parliament voted to trigger article 50 and 84% of the electorate voted for parties committed to leaving when they could have chosen Remain parties. Brexit voters I get but Remain voters that voted Tory and Labour last time are the problem here...
May’s #Brexit deal: What’s in it, and what will happen to it? A guide to the political crisis so far
There is better &amp; more sensible #Brexit opposition from within pockets of , than .
Everybody has a price... So they say!!
It could start by saying it wanted to stop brexit &amp; using parliamentary tactics to prevent passage of government business until May agreed to a referendum, or by adding an amendment to meaningful vote calling for #A50 to be revoked, if passed that would effectively revoke it
This week *everything* should be read as a Brexit metaphor. Even the concept of metaphor is a Brexit metaphor.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
I think, it’s a way of saying ‘softest possible Brexit’ while avoiding the hard/soft terminology. Prioritising limiting impact on jobs means CU and maximum SM access.
EU advises British PM Theresa May ahead of key Brexit vote: Ahead of a long-awaited… #news
They need to invest in that huge bucket of mac &amp; cheese from Costco
IM IN TEARS SOMEONE HELP HAHAHAHA
'nuff said:
Here’s an interesting thread on the Welsh Assembly Referendum, the Tories, Brexit, etc.
What exactly is a Jobs First Brexit Colin?? Really intrigued to know?? Your hero’s mentioned it but never described it. Can you help me out here?? And given EU has said no more negotiations ..... how could he achieve it? Thanks.
The result was not honest. Brexit is hugely damaging to the nation and its people and was only supported by 37% of the electorate and that only following an illegally funded campaign based on lies. #peoplesvote
An astonishing lie in Theresa May’s Stoke Brexit speech has been uncovered BEFORE she’s even delivered it via
Sterling falls as investors prepare for Brexit vote The pound edged down from a seven-week high on Monday as investors prepared for a vote on British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal that parliament is expected to vote down. #sterling #brexitvote #onlinetrading #indeal24
Absolute dogs dinner, what a fiasco this Brexit has been. If have absolutely no faith at all in The circus de Parliament &amp; it’s members.
No loss of jobs!? Haha, pull the other one, there's a brexit dividend on it.
The British government faces near-certain defeat on its deal to leave the EU, as Brexit tests the U.K.’s unwritten constitution via
Backlash against 'pathetic' government #Brexit ad #campaign #MarketingNews
Why isn’t she being challenged on this? #1979
Breitbart: Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
We voted Leave in a one-off vote in 2016 and the Govt. vowed to abide by our decision. There is NO mandate for MPs to do anything but obey the people. #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for.
UK leader mounts last-ditch bid to win Brexit deal backing: British Prime Minister Theresa May has proffered a promise on workers'...
The UK's Brexit deal leaves it no better than ex-Soviet states on its own road to vassaldom By CARL BAUDENBACHER FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE EFTA COURT 14 JANUARY 2019...
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via #MayMustGo #BREXIT #MBGA #GB
What if her baby chooses real labour over Corbyn-led Labour?
It’s a simple first preference poll. As you can very easily add up the two Brexit options, there isn’t a problem is there? It’s a perfectly reasonable poll and isn’t hiding anything. The government isn’t about to use it to make policy is it?
"Theresa May tells MPs to back her deal or risk no Brexit at all"
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
But now that you have defined what Brexit is no-one actually likes it....
Even the sovereignty argument is BS. U.K. basically makes laws with other EU states. Any post Brexit trade deal will likely make U.K. a rule taker in some areas without input which ironically sacrifices more sovereignty.
At least Putin isn't so insecure that he resorts to bandanas...
Brexit group, because of chaos, infighting failed to build on referendum momentum to increase support well beyond 50% (51.9%). By now Brexit support should have been at least 65%. Poll show that on the contrary it is down under 50%.
A Brexit Lesson From the Cradle of Democracy
Let's hope she does not call it "brexit"! Utter respect to but how ridiculous that she feels she has to do this and I sincerely hope she has not "been asked"! Very heartfelt wishes for mother &amp; baby.
Keep repeating the lies.. The Tory favourite mantra... #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Somebody tell me who the British McSweeneys is so I can pitch them some "Things that are better than Dunkirk" list.
If it came to no Brexit vs general election, the Conservatives would vote for no Brexit.
The electorate with an intelligence quotient higher than their shoe size would like to know how your promises will be funded. I’m sure the ones with an IQ lower than their shoe size would like to know too. Well? Or is it a secret like your Brexit plan?
No. What it means is JC can refrain from calling a vote of No Confidence. He can then claim he is working towards one, right up until Brexit happens. He wants a a Vote of No C, but not until after Brexit.
MPs must put country first in crucial Brexit vote #Brexit #Vets #farming #Food
May Launches Last Attempt To Save Brexit-Deal
GRIEVE OUT: Tory Grassroots Turn On Brexit Wreckers via
Yet he still manages to know more about how the EU is run and the details of Brexit than most MPs.... Frankly anyone can be a Femi, it just takes the patience to learn, objectivity, and apparently a thin skin against ignorant folks like yourself
#Join a #great #team.. #Brexit #Health #Well-Being #Politics #Entrepreneurs
Only those who have been manipulated by the right-wing media, village idiots, fascists and disaster capitalist MPs and their billionaire mates want #Brexit. All intelligent British patriots know that any kind of Brexit will be an unmitigated disaster. #NoBrexit
Yes it was so clear there was actually under 4% it. REALLY clear message. However, not of want for Brexit but of indecision! When are you going to stop using this as a way of hanging onto to power for a few minutes longer and actually do your job?
Although our system is modelled after Westminster, two differences are illustrated in this video. BTW that table in the middle of the chamber was donated by Canada after a fire at Westminster.
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
So what we have now is Downing St / #Brussels collusion vs #UK Parliament vs The People How on earth did this ever happen?
Reindeer food &amp; tooth fairy thank you cards are in the same section.
This PM will be out of parliament soon enough yet her legacy will be leading us to be a poorer both culturally and financially nation of states. For what , so to satisfy the 35% or so of the electorate who voted , leave ? Many of whom voted because of a bus.
brexit is going really well isn’t it
Empire kicks then falls ......
Some people voted out because they thought the government had a clear plan and it would be profitable for the masses, it’s been a complete shambles and I bet a lot of people have reassessed their opinions on brexit. Should people not have the chance now to reevaluate?
He’ll blow with the wind.
as valid a any #Brexit expert...
Dropping Brexit is the safest course of action for our economy and our society. The Brexit nightmare has run its course, it was conceived to quell the baying of a rebellious rump of old Etonian dilitantes. The same selfish Bullingdon Club thugs who will bring down the government.
He 'thinks' we can 'survive'.. This is the land of milk and honey we were all promised that #Brexit would be?
£5 on Bercow's wife. After all, it is her car with "Bollocks to Brexit" on it.
He could save brexit
They should be debating the petitions at some point. #Brexit #NoDeal
Brexit.
Demand who do you think you are we voted you lost leave if you don’t like it
Don’t get you, you nasty piece of work.
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
Chinese trade data shows that the tariffs are contributing toward a weaker economy than expected. That adds to fears of a slowing global economy that needs fewer commodities. Both equities &amp; commodities under pressure today. Brexit adds uncertainty this week as well. #oatt
Polls as you must know are unreliable, Brexit does mean Brexit, but not a Remainers Brexit, no one voting for Brexit expected one that kept us tied to the E U for years.
It shows that your theory is flawed. We have 5 different parties who can't agree on Brexit, which we both feel is a very, very important matter. What hope for proportional representation. Our MPs are a total disgrace!!
This Scottish Budget protects and invests in Scotland’s public services amidst Brexit chaos and UK austerity. The Scottish Government will deliver additional resource funding of almost £730 million for health and care services. Ask your MSP- will you vote for this extra money?
Well done. Be careful the EU #Fascists don't "suicide" you. Keep safe. #Brexit #fo2eu
Isn't Brexit brilliant jst looooook at the opportunities
Why did the fishing industry vote for Brexit? Today in Focus | Podcast
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
Are we really leaving the EU on March 29? Watch how Theresa May's stance on 'no Brexit' has softened via
Not at all. The MPs voting against her Brexit deal have been instructed to by an overwhelming majority of their constituents - that’s democracy!
The pharmaceutical industry and #Brexit: with fewer than 100 days left to prepare, what should businesses be focusing on now? #TimeToAct
And the word 'offended' has become offensive.
&amp;lsquo;Brexit be-jiggered&amp;rsquo;: Portugal stays open for business with UK &amp;ldquo;no matter what&amp;rdquo; - Portugal Resident via
It doesn't fucking matter! There's only one party in control of brexit. The Tories blaming Labour or anyone else for the mess they've created with "their" referendum is pathetic.
She said no brexit more likely than no deal brexit if MP's don't back her shite leave deal. Don't worry folks she's talking bollocks ..... Again! We leave on 29th March, hopefully on WTO terms then we can get on with rebuilding the country back to greatness. #LibLabConOut
Prediction: 1. Vote lost for PM tomorrow. 2. 3 days later: PM says she's secured extension to July to reinvigorate deal &amp; listen to others. 3. By end February a vote of no confidence secured against the Government. 4. Election late March. 5. NEW Govt delays Brexit to 2020...
U.S. Earnings Season And Brexit To Dominate
The only reasonable explanation for Labour trailing the worst Government in memory can be their continued support for Brexit
You are a disgrace to the people suffering under this government and to the Labour Party. #Brexit
total balls, we need a General Election... 17.4 million people are not stupid... a so called pv will only keep a tory in power... never, General Election all the way
While 'thinks' non-citizens should vote, it's good to see some American Pride demonstrated by a real leader. When will Americans stop letting women govern anything at the executive level? Look at the Brexit mess in UK and the Aussie, German PM's JOKES
Got an EU base? Brexit could impact your group structure warns Bhavini Kalaria in this must-read article in Ready for Brexit #EU #Brexit #business #structure
Just getting on an overnight flight. If you can all sort out #Brexit before I land that would be brilliant. See you on Tuesday.
The saddest thing about brexit, is when I see folks who’s kids are just becoming adults (16-19) who are gloating about taking the right to live and work in 27 other countries, while complying their rights have been taken away...
At least someone has got the "Guts to Stand Up Against May and Her Withdrawal Shambles" Pity more MP's don't do the same rather than Looking...
Seems apt considering the UK is going down the pan with #Brexit
If we can avoid the rights or wrongs of Brexit I’d be interested to know your opinion (or anyone else’s) on how a 2nd Ref solves the issue.
Ironically the threat of 'No Brexit' gave sterling a boost.
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
I think no May more likely than either.
Sorry, you mean cancelling Brexit? Is that supposed to be a serious plan? There would be utter mayhem. Probably the end of the two main parties at the next election.
Do it. Takes about a minute.
EU letter with Brexit assurances to be published shortly - May's spokesman - Reuters
Have you read the bits about our defence? Probably not. The horror of a no deal, is that we actually leave, as voted for. We didn't vote for a deal, certainly not one that allows the EU to asset strip us dry. Shame on you. Hope you are deselected.
Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
We have laws &amp; the Constitution. But now the left wing anti-American Obama appointed Judges are allowed to make their own laws &amp; rules, instead of upholding already enacted laws! No one tells them to go to hell!
No! But we hard Brexit supporters can't wait to see good old Nigel Farage stick it to the remainers even if he is no longer in UKIP. The Tories are on the cliff edge and it is crumbling away just like their support. They will take a few good men with them unfortunately.
morning star reversal on #PAGE on 5 min. - will i trade it. No as i dont want any new positions prior to the event risk Tom with Brexit vote .. plus 5 mins is very noisy and with the daily looking quite bearish now, rather be out. but for a scalp this could be an entry: 428p
Once we start working out plans to solve Brexit, it will be clear what the real compromises are, the ones people will accept. By process of elimination and merging we can reduce the myriad of plans to just a list of a few. Then we get the people to state their opinions on them
Good! #RevokeA50 &amp; #StopBrexit now to prevent the UK looking like a banana republic. It's international image is that is is now full of #racist people which #Brexit is and always will be.
Still waiting for the Emergency Budget, mass unemployment and Economic Collapse that was predicted immediately after a Leave vote and before Brexit.
Are you looking for a #webresearch &amp; #virtualassistance wizard? can please take look my profile #nike #TheApprentice #Cabinet #mattis #TheBlackAlbum #Brexit #OT18Gala8 #FernandoDelPaso #JimJordan #theresamay #tommacarthur #jeffflake #wednesdaythoughts
you know Brexit will leave the door open for Jeremy Corbyn right? You'll be begging the EU to save you then
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
These #Brexit morons are the gift that keeps giving what a silly cunt he'll be hearing the songs proclaiming as much for a good few years the twat
The #Brexit referendum being ignored will prove that #Westminster only works for itself and not those it is meant to represent, and a government that ignores its people is ripe for revolution. #NoDeal #Leave #Democracy #Riot #War
Are you looking for a #webresearch &amp; #virtualassistance wizard? can please take look my profile #nike #TheApprentice #Cabinet #mattis #TheBlackAlbum #Brexit #OT18Gala8 #FernandoDelPaso #JimJordan #theresamay #tommacarthur #jeffflake #wednesdaythoughts
Would please stand up and do or SAY something to help this f**king country. You have about 20 million swing voters waiting. So. Stand. Up. #uk #BrexitShambles #brexit #PeoplesVote #politicslive
Tory tasked with getting other MPs to vote for May’s deal quits – to vote against it himself...
10 years later and everybody finally agrees to forget about brexit. prime minister lloyd russell-moyle makes the day a national holiday and those enjoying the festivities begin the tradition of dancing around with a mace. theresa may gets the 3am slot on talk radio.
Brexit is biting already....
not yet everyones busy with Brexit and Andy Murray. They will be trying to get some time so they can get some prime TV time with Sarah Smith to say how those bad cybernats forced the poor woman from her job
Bloody hell
If only there was a credible opposition with a materially different brexit policy ready to pick up the reigns. Oh well.
NEW: Boris Johnson blasted over claims ‘deep state' is betraying Brexit
Leavers. Make a second #Brexit referendum meaningless. Refuse to vote in it. You have the power.
NEW on our Blog, some of our thoughts on #Brexit, we share some of our insights and give answers to some FAQ and more.
No. No Brexit AT ALL. The whole thing is a national embarrassment, pushing through 'the will of the people', when the Leave campaign lied and deceived the voters throughout so the result of the referendum CANNOT be described as the will of the people. It's a national DISGRACE.
Today so far in the Brexit catastrofuck: Fox: Brexit will be better than an event where 3500 Brits died (Dunkirk) Johnson: “I know more about cars than CEO of Jaguar Land Rover" McVey: "there’ll be a transition period for no deal” How do these people still get airtime?
Time for a compassionate intervention by an MP pair in the interests of her health and her child's. Life is not to be trifled with.
Again MPs are elected to represent the people. The last election was particularly heavy on brexit and their intentions, we've been through this.
Globalisation - the world is getting smaller...ThePeopleAlchemist Edit: #HR, #Business and #globalisation #Brexit #BizHour
#skynews confirms multi millionaire mansion owning #EstherMcVey #dominicraab #johnbercow #dominicgrieve told by their master bibi Netanyahu in telaviv to vote against #TheresaMay and People of England and of #EuropeanUnion in #Brexit vote. Look after wealthy 1% liberal elite.
Good afternoon it is 14/01/2019 oddly you failed to mention the electoral irregularities in the referendum in your speech today. Illegal behaviour 1m lost postal votes Invoking Article 50 without a plan Brexit is a crime scene! #BrexitCrimeScene
European Union 'ready to delay Article 50’ as MPs prepare for Brexit vote:
#Brexit moves to that meaningful vote tomorrow. Unlikely to pass, how do you plan for the future if you're a #CEO or a #businessowner. What will the business landscape look like in 2019 or 2020. Come to there are still some tickets available #KEC2019
BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May is BLIND as BAT as hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote EVERYONE CAN SEE THAT HER DEAL IS SUICIDAL. It only pleases on side and it isn't us in this country
Where is #HonestNev when you need him; we want to place a bet on what will eventually happen first, a decision on the new #hospital or #Brexit At the moment #Brexit is narrowly in front !!
Theresa May tells MPs to back her deal or risk no Brexit at all
As a serviceman of this great nation, allow me to tell you with certainty that WW1&amp;2 and Brexit are entirely unlinked. Like there is no connection at all. You’re welcome
Risible for treacherous whelk-brained, remoaning,spunktrumpets like to defend parliamentary sovereignty after gleefully handing it over to the Franco-German Reich for the past 40 years.
This fake backstop trap withdrawl agreement has been contructed by the EU and Mrs May's inner circle of remainers to ensure the UK is placed in economic and political shackles for the foreseeable future, or until they feel a vote to 'rejoin' would succeed. It is not #BREXIT
It'll never catch on...
I Can See a lot of Trouble Coming Government &amp; MPs &amp; Way Were There to be No Brexit. A lot of People have Been &amp; Remained Silent Since the 2016 Referendum Vote they are Not likely to Take a No #Brexit Very Well Remember That More Voted to Leave than Stay in Europe Just Saying...
Pants on fire Theresa...??
If Brexit was going to be the best thing for all concerned, it would have happened by now. They've only had 2 years to thrash it out
How voted AGAINST implementing the result of the Welsh referendum to endorse the creation of the #WelshAssembly - while saying in speech that this result was accepted at the time by both sides and never seriously questione
France hoping British politicians will approve Brexit deal - Reuters
Worried about your #restaurant staff disappearing as Brexit looms? Read these 5 tips to make the most of them:
My dad called me radicalised for having opposing opinions on brexit that I back up with facts
“Sitting on a marrow is more fun than tackling Brexit”
An astonishing lie in Theresa May’s Stoke Brexit speech has been uncovered BEFORE she’s even delivered it via
Someone should tell him that Cardiff voted remain - Cardiff distance themselves from Warnock’s Brexit stance on -
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit
Seriously, read this article. What utter hypocrisy | Theresa May’s last-ditch #Brexit plea backfires after false Welsh assembly claim #Brexshit #BrexitShambles #FBPE
So this guy is either psychic,or he knows what an asshole Juncker is.
Why is everyone talking about #Brexit when #SuperMario's controls have been broken for four days now.
City’s 10 biggest banks spend £1bn on Brexit plans via
But for every Tory resigning there is a Blairite Lab MP saying they will support her. It is not cut and dried yet.
If you’re an Editor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
... but we are not mugs. #Brexit #finalsay
Brexit and China Dominates Headlines, Yen Stays Strong Brexit and China are the two main themes in the markets today. For now Yen is the strongest one so far followed by Swiss...
Like “this ancient island democracy” bit. Which ancient island democracy is he referring to? Iceland perhaps, though Iceland is a relatively new country.
He's probably thinking Brexit will allow mediocre managers like himself some respite after years of foreign dominated top managerial jobs in British football.
1: You can't have a 'peoples vote' before June, you know this 2: there are many more things to be fixed other than BREXIT 3: a 'peoples vote' only solves ONE of those problems 4: a GE is Labour policy decided at Conference 5: can you not bring yourself to follow police for 1 vote
Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit - foreign minister
Me too..I will back any party that gets us Brexit..These MPs have stole our vote for their own us..I feel abused by their manner and it should be classed as fraud..They conned us out of it and did a U turn..Lowest calibre of MPs EVER.
And could have been in ages ago if you lot had not supported Brexit and the Tories and got rid of Smelly Grandpa.
BBC News - Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
This is but a tiny issue with the entire manifesto. It is predicated on numbers that will change quite significantly if brexit comes to pass. It's nonsense basically. 2/2
U.K. Conservative whip resigns, says he cannot support Brexit deal
The temporary hit on the economy was never in my thinking when i voted to leave the EU and still inconsequential to me now. Whether the UK is 5th, 6th or 15th richest country in the world makes no difference to me. Democracy has spoken and is yet to be enacted. Brexit at any cost
"All the Sandras"
Brexit: Former ministers reveal plan to seize control of EU withdrawal if Theresa May loses vote - The Independent
The Lucky 13. #brexit
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live - The… #News #Politics
Fire starting gel? Are we to run out of matches, lighter fuel or dry sticks then?? Whilst the whole Brexit negotiations are worrying this is ridiculous scare mongering
Seems that Mr Johnson, a Conservative whip believes that Mrs May’s “deal” leaves the UK perpetually constrained by the EU. He’s right .
Do you think the Brexit deal will get voted through by parliament tomorrow then ?
As you say, the Law of Unintended Consequences cld. well apply, as 'undocumented' EU expats can become subject to May's very hostile environment. Also, in my opinion, immigration will rise post-Brexit, but will be from non-EU countries.
Brexit won't fix Britain's burning issues
One of the most hopeless things about the great British parliamentary system is that one day in advance of the Brexit vote, we don't know what amendments will be voted upon and more importantly whether we will get a clean yes/no vote on May's deal itself...
I think Piglet probably would have been a better negotiator than the Brexit Squad we got.
A real tragedy. And some UK politicians use Brexit to fan fears of far right populism... shame on them.
New post: "In court this week: Brexit, betting and (anti)bodies"
Why would you want to bring a new life into the world of Trump and Brexit? ;)
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
That is very true. There are two issues with that idea though: 1) if you look at Theresa May’s rehetoric as of recent. She has said it will be my deal or no Brexit at all 2) if there are more than two choices, it can either be skewed towards leave or remain depending on options
Conservative Party deputy chairman says the PM's Brexit deal is the "very best chance of actually leaving the EU" Follow live politics updates here:
Could Labour MP Save Theresa May? Leave Supporter Tables Brexit Deal Amendment
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
Fair play to chubby cheeks, he’s got this one right.
UK Citizens to Feel 'Betrayed' If Parl't Attempts to Frustrate Brexit - Johnson
Older people voted for Brexit because it will be better for them. Ask the young in Spain and Greece if they think the EU is god for them.
I'm all for leaving the EU customs union, I'm happy to negotiate a customs relationship but EU institutions are undemocratic, restrict scope of a left govt &amp; further neoliberal &amp; big business agenda, we need a people's Brexit &amp; a GE
Does your dad support brexit
No unfortunately. However, I did read a story about some football lad getting a bit ahead of himself making comments on Brexit in front of a "Visit Malaysia" poster when he should be focusing on footballs and how to put them in nets
A lot of people voted leave after seeing what was written on the side of a bus. There’s a massive divide in the country as it is and we haven’t even had Brexit yet!
I can't see how your callers can suggest what vthe next Labour manifesto lines re Brexit should be anymore than its leader. We don't know what the starting point will be!
howcan you tell, she lies all the time
doing a Wall move: "Approve Brexit Deal or else...!"
The latest poisonlandia's daily news..! #ausopen #brexit
We in the EU27 Don't want British Standards. Brexit means Brexit. Go on push off and certify your own Ramsgate ferry. Brexit and standards - position statement | BSI Group
Preparing for the worst: Britons stockpile food in case Brexit causes shortages - CBC News
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK
I counted 3 mentions of "the risk of No Brexit" which is clearly the current mantra. BBC should just include the caption "Party Political Broadcast on behalf of the Conservative Party" and be done with it. Jo Colbourne was no better; 8 was the count there!
#Brexit : Shame to have to cut a tree to send a useless letter then...
No doubt his constituents will have their own thoughts on this, and arrange to get him ousted as soon as possible.
care to comment? Being leader of the opposition and all that?
Because #Brexit
I kid you not, there are Brits stocking up on dried food and lighter fuel in readiness for Brexit. I might have a pack of chicken noodle soup and a box of matches in the cupboard... Will that do? #BrexitLethargy #nottakingitseriously
If people in her own party cannot be bribed to support her idiotic Brexit Deal, how does she expect to get it through Parliament unless Corbyn whips his MPs to vote for it
Brexit is brexit
What happens if Theresa May does win her vote tomorrow? - food in the shops - planes still fly - unholy political row of a level never before seen (vastly eclipsing the Brexit battles to date) breaks out on the shape of Brexit post-transition - cliff edge moves to post-transition
- some companies may wind down or slow Brexit prep. Others will accelerate, knowing we're definitely leaving - buckets of resignations, especially among Brexiters - UKIP membership surges
The latest #trending today! #ausopen #brexit
Assume that panic-buying, along with a stock market crash, is part-and-parcel of May’s plan to get the deal signed (on the second asking)
Andrea, this sort of "friend" is best avoided.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Have your say: What is the most likely outcome over Brexit?
I fear no Brexit as it will bring devastation in more than one way. Those MPs that want to thwart the Brexit that the people have voted for should also be more worried by no Brexit.....they will be forced out!!
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
Define 'Proper Brexit'. Demonstrate majority support for your vision.
Feels like there's probably a very simple reason for this!
So, basically, what you are saying is that since the referendum when nobody was able to make their own mind up because of lies (from both sides) that politicians are now telling the truth about everything about Brexit and should be believed now ??
Fears over Brexit are shrinking the United Kingdom's financial services industry. Financial companies have shifted $1 trillion worth of assets into the EU EY said in a report.
Tomorrow is the day of the #MeaningfulVote. We have been taking evidence on the impact of the UK-EU relationship on wider UK trade policy, and transcripts from our sessions are available on our website: #Brexit #Trade
Worth giving thought to what happens if May loses vote and says I'm off because my red lines plus aversion to Norway, 2nd referendum etc mean I can no longer stay as leader of Govt that will have to consider these
Does everyone tweeting "lol Neil Warnock is pro-Brexit but Cardiff's players/owners are foreign lol" think that millionaires from abroad won't be allowed to own British businesses after Brexit or that they won't be allowed to bring in players from wherever they want?
Theresa May to warn that MPs are more likely to block Brexit than allow no deal
New article (Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal') has been published on The Daily Digest - #WalkAway
such a principled Party ?? DODOS in the making
So your suggestion in a snap election is that everybody who wants brexit stopped votes LD or Green? I suspect they will, I will. Please don't complain about the result when Labour lose.
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers Para no creérselo pero está pasando. #BrexitPandemonium
Perhaps Theresa May has been "Hunting High and Low" for a good Brexit deal.
UK PM May boosts Pound ahead of Brexit vote
It was a stupid Tory idea anyway
SPECIAL FEATURE: How Brexit could be good for regtech - Martin Cheek, SmartSearch
Blocking Brexit will encourage the far right, claim people who encourage the far right
You give them too much credit Andrea, they are being exposed for what they really are traitors to the country.#Brexit
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Just played: WINGS 39-18 THE BREXIT EFERENDM - WINGS staff - WINGS(Pacifica)
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins The UK’s political system did not make parliament the rubber stamp of Brexit referendum. Brexit is too complex to be a simple yes or no poll.
What 8 former Foreign Secretaries day about Brexit
We voted Leave in a one-off vote in 2016 and the Govt. vowed to abide by our decision. There is NO mandate for MPs to do anything but obey the people. #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for.
May: No-deal Brexit would cause significant disruption
Maybe the indoctrination camp universities are living beyond their means or no longer deliver a meaningful value to society. Market forces work...
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
take responsibility for your own #brexit decision. Don't blame #Europe, #EU or specific #countries, like #Germany. My opinion: you have to leave now; if not, they will never take #UK serious anymore. To be honest: that is so #humiliating for you there. Good luck! :-)
#Brexit : Shame to have to cut a tree to send a useless letter then...
the Bremoaners cannot get primary legislation thru to reverse law already passed so Brexit is unstoppable as long as Theresa May does not cave in
Dow and Nasdaq futures plunge on #GovernmentShutdown , Possible recession in China and Germany, #brexit, #citigroup , #fed, Trump TradeWar
Brexit: How Would No Deal Affect UK Vitizens In The EU? - The Lighthouse Christian Forum
Grieve is part of the EU's fifth column, who have also managed to suborn John Major, the others are a sorry lot!
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
There’s a run on #spam yes Spam .... and #peanutbutter!
2/2 Netherlands doesn’t make the Top 10. Hundreds of thousands of British people currently living in the EU will be screwed around by #BREXIT. 200,000 each in Spain and France.
And there’s me thinking hard facts matter.
'We have a Brexit shelf': readers prepping for the no deal scenario //this is where the UK is at - it’s sane to stockpile food, medicine, etc because the government is dragging the country into the abyss
So frustrating to hear her banging the same drum over and over about delivering Brexit when it's nothing of the sort. My moronic MP will vote for the deal in a 60.7 majority leave constituency. Idiocy and political suicide.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal | Metro News
Things to hope for in 2k19: winning AS4 And
Found out again..... Yet still she clings on to power..... When will she give up. Oh, that's right, when she and her husband can walk away with secured millions in shares from the companies they have offered contracts too and their stock is good. Gonna be a long ride people.
No. This is a misunderstanding both of what a referendum is in the UK system and what an election is. The election was neither an endorsement of the referendum result nor a vote for "parties who promised to deliver Brexit". It elected representatives and a government.
#TheresaMay #Brexit #Tories What an absolutely stupid woman &amp; apparently she doesn't remember the 1979 Scottish devolution referendum either. Hopeless.
#Brexit I think that really the only MPs that should be allowed to vote in the meaningful vote tomorrow should be the 498 MPs that voted to trigger Article 50. Even who voted it through and said there should be no 2nd ref then suddenly wants to revoke via a 2nd ref.
So PM writes to you today, you take time to consider it, have a chat with Don &amp; dictate then have typed a really long reply on the same day by 11 am? Really? Have you no respect for office politics? You put the letter in the tray &amp; if anyone asks you deny receiving it #Brexit
Big Dom! Telling the truth.
Right from the start, Brexit has been a example of how not to decide the most important issue for Britain in our lifetime.
LIVE: Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote
Yes, if it can go wrong--it usually does. "Preparing for the worst: Britons stockpile food in case Brexit causes shortages"
"paralysis of parliament likely to result in no brexit," says May. Sounds okay to me.
#hardcore Go Luck!!
Yeah .Farage along with lJohnson. Davies. Goldsmith.and the rest of the Brexit MPs .
How dare they have an opinion, how dare they use their vote to say no. I think this conversation is done, I've skipped to end for you, because that's the only direction people like you take these conversation. Isn't a debate about brexit without identity politics after all!
In this first issue of showCASE in 2019, Andy Harney, a student in Law with Politics at Queen’s University of Belfast and intern at CASE, shares with us his thoughts on the potential impact of a hard Irish border following Brexit. Read more:
Pound hits seven-week high on eve of vital Brexit vote -
Brussels braced for request to delay Brexit by three months
They should be banned from public office and media with immediate effect. It's just all rubbish which #Brexit is.
Oh my word. Hopefully this example will speed up implementation of proxy voting for parental leave and sickness in
Poor children are going hungry and are malnourished, which harms their ability to thrive at school and ultimate career open to them. The rich are cannibalising the poor. Brexit will only make it worse
He's just confirming my suspicions that 'football extremists' are big Brexit backers - it's part of their tribal phsyche. They treat those who don't support their 'team' as outsiders, believing 'the rest can go to hell because we are the best'.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
How will your community benefit from rich man’s Brexit, Mork?
I will leave this here, not saying it is something to do with this but!
Small problem. Brexit has been legislated on. It’s happening. The only question is how. So if the agreement doesn’t go through then we’d default to a no deal Brexit.
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
Are you threatened by words of more than one syllable? Oh, I see you're pro-Brexit, so that answer to that question is yes, then.
Considering their brains are as small as sub-atomic particles, they're probably linked through quantum entanglement. (spooky action at a distance). #BuildTheWall #Brexit #CNN is Fake News, Bitch Slap #Pelosi &amp; punch #Schumer
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live #madness
Loophole to stop brexit . What a surprise
Your periodic reminder why this whole Brexit fuckup annoys Scots so much (we were told in IndyRef 'the only way to remain in Europe is to vote No' incidentally)
'Remarkably, Theresa May is still blatantly ignoring the urgency of the Brexit deadline – here's why' Sent via
Theresa May a Remainder negotiating Brexit is like sending a vegan to hunt deer, don't be surprised if all they come back with are some nuts and berries.
Anytime, however, someone criticised the direction of travel, or a broad policy choice, or was somehow involved (as a judge for example) the Hard Brexit coalition of MPs, newspapers and wannabe demagogues united to attack them as enemies of democracy and/or traitors.
#Britain’s exit from the European Union is likely to be a short-term “disaster” for UK financial services but the City should recover and remain a global financial hub, the Lord Mayor of #London has told Yahoo #Finance UK. #Brexit #EU
This appeared at my place of work #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Which actually means no deal is now more likely. She is trying to scare Brexit MPs into voting for her deal to avoid no deal. So simple. So transparent.
On this basis are you suggesting that the brexit referendum should never have been offered?
Agree...and we pay their F****G Wages......#RSoles they are.
Outside of London there would be a surge in support across most of England and Wales for the party that properly implements the vote for Brexit. The Withdrawal Agreement does not.
Going by logic of Francis, if Remain had won and let us assume Parl decided to leave #EU anyway she would be fine with it or Irish Parl decides to ignore abortion referendum and keeps ban in place? Ridiculousness of #Remoaners is is staggering #Brexit
Yes she sold us down the Swany for sure,it’s like following lemmings
Linda blocked me because she lost an argument and had a hissy fit... Please give her my regards, and ask her how confident she still is in the legislative certainty of brexit in March, now that Parliament is taking back control and the EU is planning for July?
Today's non brexit related observations so far: 1/ Sweet n Sour pot noodles are not what they used to be 2/ lovely little goldcrest in my garden earlier Normal Brexit incredulity will be resumed shortly
WELL WITH THIS NEW POLL OUT TODAY CON 41%== LAB 35%== HE WANTS TO BE CAREFUL WHAT HE WISHES FOR MATE .
Arrested. Development. 'PM says she does not believe UK should delay leaving EU, but does not say it never would' -
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
The Brexit Deal explained in 5 words “Brexit is a crime scene” #BrexitCrimeScene
BBC News - Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve
Yeah be an England pawn or an Irish legend, 20 caps V 120 caps, a bunch of individuals V a togethet team and dont forget in the past 50 years Ireland has won just as much as England! #ireland #england #Brexit #football
It reads as anti-Brexit
Our politics has reached peak ludicrous. #Brexit
Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit – foreign minister #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
What happens next if May loses tomorrow? See flowchart #Brexit #Brexitvote #MeaningfulVote #TheresaMay
Timeless tweet
Guardian reporting Ian Liddell-Grainger is likely to vote for May's Brexit deal
Exciting on here at the moment, think I'll practice some arpeggios before Brexit stops my guitar collection from working.
"#Brexit timeline: key dates in UK’s divorce from EU"
Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal
UK. Trump &amp; Brexit inextricably linked.
From Juncker / Tusk letter ; “we are not in a position to agree to anything that changes or is inconsistent with the Withdrawal Agreement" which is of course because the terms of the WA arise from the PM’s own red lines and could only change if those red lines change. #Brexit
It seems MPs are going to rob us of our brexit victory because they can't agree with each other about leaving. We need a general election and a new parliament immediately.
goes Tonto! #janeygodleyvoiceover
#Brexit: so creepy and just not like normal politics. We’re all used to arguments in the House, but we ‘get’ them. Now, anyone could say anything - often without any point. You can’t tell who’s from which party based on what they say. And junior politicians outshine the leaders.
I’m proud of some British people and I’m proud of what Britain used to be . Not so much anymore but I hope that Brexit will give us the platform to make us deserve our ‘great’ title. I’m certainly not proud of British politics or most of the FBPE loonies .
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
And brexit will make this far worse, and even harder to turn around. Yet Corbyn is pushing to leave, still. So about that "For the many" slogan...
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … …
BREAKING: Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
This is the best endorsement for a #PeoplesVote. Sir Edward Leigh, admits the Brexit we were sold, is in fact, unattainable.
Thanks for putting this up, Mr E! May those who spawned Brexit live to eat worms (locally sourced British worms):
One of the good guys has just resigned. I'm a big fan of Jacobs. But if we lose Brexit I will never again vote for conservative. I loaned my vote in the last election.. look how they have treated us. Conservatives need to split up. Or they are toast.
No #Brexit is better than a Bad Deal Brexit.
"Based on confidential diplomatic contacts with Olly Robbins, Mrs May’s lead negotiator, EU officials know that the government has already fallen significantly behind on its parliamentary timetable."
Intriguing that I suddenly spotted this sign in MediaCity for the first time today #brexit #brexitvote
Politicians are interpreting their version of Brexit not the peoples version
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal – UK attorney general #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
A waste of time that will backfire for Labour. They'll paint themselves as Leavers to the Remainers, while offering a softer Brexit to Leavers who want either a harder deal than May is offering or No Deal and so see Labour as Remainers.
Full on brexit maneuver from O'Neil as he slaps Anigo's bald head and throws him in the Trent #AlphaMale #nffc
I really don’t understand how any responsible MP could possibly vote to implement a new trade arrangement with the UK’s biggest trading partner when NO impact assessments have been done. Only Chequers was assessed, not this deal. Utterly reckless. #FBPE #PeopelsVote #brexit.
. supports 's policy which is...a 'jobs first brexit' - is that right? So he and you would campaign at the next General Election for [a Labour] Brexit? And if you don't get that, you want a but will campaign for leave - is that right?
Have you not realised every time she opens her mouth, lies pour out. I'm beginning to think she can't help herself. Hopefully her deal will be voted down. If there's no general election, then parliament can take over Brexit.
Let's have a name Andrea so we can send them tweets of our own..thanks for all you're doing to make brexit succeed....
...We regret but respect.... #Brexit
Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit - foreign minister #stopbrexit
Tory whip resigns ahead of Brexit vote warning deal leaves UK "perpetually constrained" by EU
I agree with the austerity bit, but not about the parties. Just the Tories and Labour that are totally split due to #Brexit. Can’t see this easily being fixed, although neither will vote against their own party when it comes to confidence votes. Awful mess we are in as a country.
For some weird reason my Dad loved Izal but would have hated Brexit.
The Guardian: Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live. via
Here’s why traders are bracing for a volatile British pound ahead of vote on May’s Brexit plan
Very funny - do watch if you've never seen one of Randy's parodies. We need someone to do similar on the Brexit shitshow
Oh no! Not #NoBrexit! Not the risk of things continuing just as they are! Noooo! We were promised absolute pandemonium!
Not just Etonian. See . He knows more about everything than anybody.
Current Brexit position explained.
Enforcer in May’s Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
You're agrument is basically that referendums only work when they go your way. There has been just so much double standards as regards the Brexit referendum. have a read of my article as to why stopping Brexit only bursts your cause. Have a nice day.
The best brexit is no brexit at all.
On what planet is he right.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
#brexit the establishment bigots who think the public are uneducated and didn’t know what they were voting gor
3) she has been locked out and can't even do smaller transfers, has to wait over a week for telephone banking details to be sent. Meanwhile Brexit votes and what not and we need that money to complete house purchase...
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read article cklick here … …
BCF CEO discussed the concerns of our industry in regards to a no deal Brexit on the program ‘wake up to money’ on Monday morning. (34.5 minutes) The BCF would be happy to discuss further with relevant media
What the Fuxk would O'Brian know about Truth the twat works for Radio Israhell aka LBC don't get me wrong May is a Lying Zionist puppet the same as him...
No positive Brexit developments since UK parliament postponed vote – D #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Excellent work, Phil.
As much as I don’t like Tulip Siddiq, credit where it’s due. This is dedication. Also put Diane Abbott’s migraine into perspective.
mailing list only, but you could go on the IIF site and ask? it's IIF weekly insight Jan 10. CB res data available via IMF. interesting that: 1. £ fairly bid despite Brexit. Euro barely budged even w Russia buy... (£ as Euro hedge?) 2. Are people seeing through China miracle.?
#British Prime Minister Theresa May told huge lies in her #Brexit speech today and everybody knows it.
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read article cklick here … …
I have fought against Brexit since day 1 but I think some people will need to experience the pain of it before supporting Indy. At that point I expect a flood of support but you are correct in your assertion that the chaos created could make it impossible to hold IndyRef 2.
Hear hear !!!
Boris Johnson blasted over claims ‘deep state' is betraying Brexit
He still votes like a tory, brexit deal bad, voting to make life awful for gays, poor, sick and disabled, and for war, good.
Brexit " The gods have spoken " give them a better deal
TORY RESIGNS TO VOTE AGAINST MAY'S DEAL PM’s career on brink - day before crucial vote on her FAKE #Brexit plan RESIGNING says deal: NOT in British interests BACKSTOP gives UK no path out of EU DISABLES ability to negotiate trade deals
Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock's Brexit views
What is risible is the MP’s like you who think so little of the electorate they are prepared to ignore the clear instruction of the referendum because they think they know better. Your constituents will judge hopefully.
'I'll take "You Can't Sell Dogshit as Candyfloss" for $10, Alex.'
Bag Of Chips Could Rise To £3 After Brexit #diet #brexit #theresamay
‘This government will collapse’: Paul Mason’s analysis of ‘splitting Tories’ as Brexit vote crisis looms
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Tulip Siddiq to delay BIRTH of her child to take part in Brexit vote
I have only seen Brexit-supporting, far-right Twitter accounts egging on Yellow Vests ... Bruges Group were early adopters
Latest News: Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' The PM says MPs can end uncertainty in Tuesday's vote as she welcomes new assurances on Northern Ireland. 2019-01-14 14:23:48Z
more from Boris Nonsense Johnson who until he saw an opportunity for self gain was pro EU. Now he fancies his chances of being the next Prime Minister on a pro Brexit ticket. Charlatan
Here is the thing, break Brexit break uk democracy, nuff said.
#PeoplesVote = #NoBrexit = #ToriesOut = #BrexitDividend! Best scenario we could wish for!
There is no "soft Brexit". It's a fantasy being peddled by British Labour. There is only Brexit. Scotland voted against it. Now some are suggesting that the SNP be part of a British government that imposes it on Scotland. That is fucking insane! #DissolveTheUnion
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Petition: Walk away now! We voted for a No Deal Brexit
via UK Citizens to Feel 'Betrayed' If Parl't Attempts to Frustrate Brexit - Johnson
How moronic. Nuttyahoo would be only too happy for the Brexit fraud to go ahead.
Well there's always the non contentious Labour leadership and trans issues to discuss too.
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' Hahahahaha She means for her sake
In court this week: Brexit, betting and (anti)bodies -
ERG Tory MPs edge closer to alternative Brexit strategy.
Brexit Briefing: Government “no-deal” guidance and what it means for risk professionals
How do you prepare for #Brexit? Our first #webinar of 2019 looks at how #UKbiz can prepare for potential changes around #customs and #VAT on Wednesday -
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal… #world
May warns MPs that killing off her Brexit deal would be the 'height of recklessness' in desperate last-ditch plea before tomorrow's Commons showdown - as EU scrambles to shore her up with vow Irish backstop will only be 'temporary'
Is T May Lying again,
Theresa May is due to make a Brexit statement to the House around 4pm. It will be another last ditch plea for MPs to back the unbackable. If push comes to shove, Parliament must take control of the ridiculous self-imposed mess and give us a General Election. #BritainCanDoBetter
Absolutely - its probably cost us Brexit!
Brexit has alway been an Immigration issue
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit… #world
Has the Brexit vote saved London tenants £1,800 pa in rent?
Shame I’m exiled in Liverpool at the moment, would love to return home if I could afford it haha We LD have a massive opportunity in Barnet, with a pro-Brexit Conservative Party in a strongly Remain area &amp; a Labour Party which is also pro-Brexit &amp; in which antisemitism is endemic
Sunlit uplands.
Headline should read : News Daily: PM's 'no Brexit' warning and England’s Clean Air Strategy #SayEngland
Our end of century appearances are interesting two - July 2005 for the terrorist attacks, then June and July 2017 for Brexit.
Currently there is an argument erupting about Brexit in my office and I've just heard the words "we're all going to die"
Real facts ? Aren’t facts real at all times ... that’s why they are facts Independent organisation?? No organisation is Independent when it comes to Brexit
So bored of BREXIT. Do it or dont, just make up your minds for goodness sakes.
They didn't need to flip votes. Just promote turnout by agitating leave inclined voters with lies. More crucially the vote was won by grouping stay-aligned ("soft") Brexit with diverge ("hard") Brexit. We can clearly see these were incompatible. #FinalSay required.
A reminder that you can still sign up!
Good thread evolving on the legal choreography IF there is a request to extend Article 50 ... #Brexit
It's a very polite, "go away" and it's justified. Incompetence, stupid, red lines and an assortment of errors and resignations made brexit impossible. Now we need the maintenance of the status quo which would be more democratic than any other idea I've heard.
I liked a video May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People
Not much is happening today, everyone is waiting for the next brexit news, no trades from my side so far.
Oh what are we going to do with you? Love you lots #ToryMuddle
Not seen the news for 3 hours. So I guess I’ve missed: • Resignations • More #LabourAntisemitism • More threats of violence against female MPs • More MPs denouncing the backstop without a credible alternative • The 86th Labour #Brexit policy The new politic.
Yes and both Labour and the Torys said they'd deliver Brexit. Neither endorsed a 2nd referendum. Roughly 85% of people supported one of these 2 parties. If that doesn't suggest Parliament should put personal views aside and deliver Brexit nothing will.
This Saturday the 19th outside parliament after 10 am building up. SAVE the Brexit vote. SAVE our democracy.
Raab, you negotiated it.
We could also try baring in mind that 'Corbyn's Brexit Position' is not 'Corbyn's Brexit Position' at all but one which was unanimously agreed upon at Conference. Like a good democratic leader, he is simply delivering the programme on that this week.
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read article cklick here … …
It has, but we were told that these would be the immediate effects of a brexit vote. They havent transpire as predicted. How many billions of pounds have been set asideas a part of contingency planning, less than the £39b divorce bill or our planned continued payments to the EU
When Parliament votes the deal down tomorrow, the Government must pursue the default option of leaving on WTO terms. It isn't "no deal" - in fact it will amount to a series of deals with our continental partners. And it will give the British people the Brexit they voted for.
The Brexit debate: It's time to call a halt to physical and verbal intimidation
A Brexit Lesson From the Cradle of Democracy - Bloomberg
Always wondered if pushing back Brexit Day requires a messy vote. I guess not.
Afraid ?? Of what ? Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read article cklick here … …
#FromtheRight: President Trump &amp; Brexit -- Votes Demonstrate Deepening Political Divides | #politicalpolarization
Maybe it's just a roundabout way to help the UK domestic retailers? A bit of brisk stockpiling is perfectly normal, nothing to see here, carry on...
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Nigel please stop talking pish. You've lost the argument. Brexit is dead.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has implored politicians to support her floundering Brexit deal
This draft legislation had better: Give the vote to Brits in Europe, and Deny a vote to Australians, Jamaicans, Canadians etc etc who are resident in the UK
The government should be ashamed of this. If the effort put into Brexit had gone in to tackling poverty and homelessness.... Abdolute travesty.
EU writes to UK providing assurances over Ireland Brexit backstop
No-deal Brexit to cost Scottish food industry £2bn
Anyone promoting a 'no-deal brexit' is a fool or a knave; a coalition of the stupid and the wicked.
The problem with being British, and reading letters like the response from Mr Juncker and Mr Tusk, is that I can't help but read the word 'suboptimal' as a direct translation for 'f**king disaster'. #Brexit
Brexit continues to make long-term and strategic decisions difficult for UK-based businesses and homeowners. Yet both the UK economy and its housing market registered around 3% annual growth in each of the first three quarters of 2018.
He probably sees Brexit as an opportunity for mediocre managers like himself to curtail competition from abroad to top coaching jobs in British football.
In amongst the Brexit chaos created by the ineptiutude of this Tory govt, never forget that in the UK today, 1 in 8 working people are also in poverty &amp; in a typical state school class of 30 children, 9 will be from families in poverty. It's utterly scandalous. #MondayMotivation
Brexit and Trump are two sides of the same coin and the coin is counterfeit.
Here's what you need to know about Brexit
As soon as Theresa softens brexit enough to get most of Labour on board, the DUP will be thrown under the bus
Wow. So Theresa May intentionally did a horrible job on Brexit so that staying would look more attractive.
Yes, I did misunderstand
If Brexit happens, you better have a passport to visit Scotland. #IndependentScotland #remain
Excellent work.
Maybe just scrap the whole brexit shambles instead...
Brexit vote: What time will Brexit vote take place in Parliament tomorrow?
Will May call a snap election? With Corbyn making no bid for the centre the Tories are likely to get around 40%, and if Labour takes a too pro-#Brexit stance it will lose enough Remainer votes to fatally split the opposition vote &amp; hand the Tories a crushing victory. #PeoplesVote
Excellent! Things Fall Apart....
According to this, Russia, Germany and China would beg to differ - and that's before Brexit
The mere initiation of the idea of Brexit under Cameron “opened the door” to extremist populist political forces and the ENTIRE discourse that has emerged since has just catalysed it!
The people no longer want Brexit.
Whilst I voted remain and would still like us to via a vote, I am rather tired of hearing people sound like the brexiteers, brexit was the result due to people not being listened to for decades and not getting the change they need, we cant ignore that as many appear to be doing.
Why? To avoid no deal? If so it contradicts the reasons given by tory brexiteers switching to back the deal who want to stop no Brexit. If MPs fall for May's strategy of duplicity then they really will literally believe anything!
Could Labour MP save ? Leave supporter tables #Brexit deal amendment
Is anyone pro-brexit anymore? Like how can anyone watch the news and think yep this is a sound idea??
Posted...
At least if you took A level politics and are struggling for a challenge to direct democracy you can just write brexit and fuck off home
The Port of Dover estimates that an extra two minutes to check each lorry would lead to tailbacks of 17 miles #Brexit
As much as i love the Brexit Pensiomer, the self important author is my favourite for pure cringe factor.
"Scuffles break out at pro-Brexit, yellow vest rally in central London #NewsVideo #BreakingNews #Youtube #GlobalNews #CBSN #FoxNews #ABCNews #NBCNews #CNN" :
This clip absolutely epitomises how pathetic this government is. Involves a minister (try to) explain how a "shipping" company, with no ships, recently won a gov. shipping contract and not follow the process that makes it fair to win the contract. Ferry fishy #puntastic #twats
I don’t mean to alarm anyone focussed on #GTTO but I’m absolutely certain that a Tory Party under fresh #ERG management will not only deliver a #NoDeal Tory #Brexit but they’ll also get a majority and 5 more years at a #GeneralElection - starting to lose faith in everything.
So Owen Jones has a history of being. For and against writing for the Sun. For and against Brexit. For and against Corbyn. For and against anti-Semitism For and against IRA violence.
May is a remainer and always has been, there is know way she will ever give our country a real BREXIT.
Keir - right now the Labour Party would vote against their own deal as you are hell bent on stopping Brexit - you will suffer heavily in the ballot box if you are successful in stopping Brexit - May deal not too far away from what you are looking to achieve - so think about it.
#macron #LaREM: not serving #France and its People, but appointed by the global #oligarchy as #MD and #Excom of its assets &amp; interests in France, reporting to the #EU operating unit. Once you understand that, everything becomes crystal clear. #yellowvests #brexit #giletsjaunes
The more significant problem is the number of people who listen and like what they hear from these individuals without questioning it.
Guys, you have to understand that you quit EU (because you were too stupid to vote properly) now this is time to go away and give back the credit card. #Brexit #UnitedKingdom #morons #MayQuit #Britain
Have you seen the sadder performance of the German, French and Italian economies? The so- called Brexit toll on the UK economy is fake news, as you well know. UK’s problem is stamp duty and over taxation to conform with EU!
Brexit won't fix Britain's burning issues #LibDems
Watch all the way through, I beg you, plus it’s Stephen Fry!
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
This traitor is determined to betray not only Brexit but She is determined to betray the whole country for her Eu cohorts Would love to know what this nasty woman has been promised for this treachery! Perhaps it will be let slip one of these days after Junker has a few drinks.
No worries, nothing to see here.
Welcome Tom. Exactly the reasons I joined as well
no rent rising lower than forecast is still fucking rent rising, you disingenuous trout
Man like Niel wants out completely #brexit #inspiresomeonenow #football @ London, United Kingdom
Another one?
The Big Smokescreen. Lets invalidate The People’s #Brexit vote, keep the exact name, and keep things the same w the #EU to trick original voters into voting #BRINO. The BRILLIANCE of the #Liberal mind. Funny how she wants it so bad when hated it before.
Better bloody be. One of my meds comes from Belgium.
When even your whips can’t back a vote, you know you’re in deep trouble.
Brexit and China Dominates Headlines, Yen Stays Strong
Britain is coming together.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
Why a second referendum is sensible - The debate over a second Brexit referendum
They won't do this for natural disaster prep but they freak out when it's political. (smh)
Poll indicates Labour would suffer crushing defeat at the ballot box if it helps Brexit happen Sent via
Party membership as distinct from Party voters.
More lies from and
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' #GhanaNews #Ghana
A liverpool fan has created an evertonian account so he can say things in support of liverpool. That fanbase needs to go with Brexit
is the bloke who tried to have a "save brexit" demo outside downing street and only 2 people turned up. Forgive me if I have little faith in his political abilities
Well we know who is making the money from brexit.
You did have the final say and you voted to leave. So leave already. These long goodbyes are killing me.
Another Friend of Israhell voting against the party, Dual Loyalty.....
The one good thing about Brexit is it has shown the great British public that our politicians have been taking the piss out of us for too long. Lies and looking to forward their own careers not looking out for us. Not all obviously but most
I always thought I was an indecisive person, then the Brexit deals started...
#remainerNow goes to parliament event from 5pm this evening Monday 14 January. Brexit is not a done deal. #PeoplesVoteNow
Finally we heard from Begonia Filgueira, co-Chair of our #Brexit Task Force, then Edward Lockhart from the Broadway Initiative. Our packed house joined in with questions to the panel. #EnvironmentBill
~750,000 on the last anti-Brexit march. Rarely see more than a few dozen far-right protesters. They are a danger. No doubt about that. But it is Important to keep things in perspective.
"Bringing Britain together"
UK falling apart, EU undermined. "So far, Beijing’s new strategy has been a resounding success"
Well done that man.Shame those from Leave constituency who are voting with May aren't so principaled and care about what the voters voted for. #Brexit
After all I’ve witnessed in Parliament I would never trust 90% of the politicians in the house. They have shown us all that they don’t trust the people and they certainly don’t support democracy
What part does Corbyn &amp; co fail to grasp. Proves they have no interest in Brexit just getting everyone to think they care
Probably got Brexit terminology on their minds!
If people have less money in their pocket, they're less likely to give as generously, coupled wit an increasing level of charity use, a drop in the pound, and pull on budgets that many charities will feel, brexit is going to be tough for the charity sector
.. “commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash!”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayMorning #GOP
'Dear Jeremy Corbyn, the public has run out of patience – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock' Sent via
You beat me to it. Sadly non-guitarists won’t know that. Just as non-economists don’t know just how much dangerous crap he spouts about Brexit...
More enemy action by Luciana Berger &amp; Blairite stooges, Corbyn has demanded a 3 line whip on May's deal, any Labour MPs that defy the whip should face disciplinary action. Tories are desperate losing this vote is much more than a Brexit defeat
Our current "leaders" who have you in their thrall might be a sad parody of better men and women who have come before, but no, this seriously how much this Russian-backed "Brexit" is costing us. Since we're, you know, PUTTING UP BARRIERS TO TRADE.
#TheresaMay #lies #Brexit be surprised now if she didn't lie i reckon...
Fck it's a good job Churchill / Nelson ect had more guts and loyalty to Great Britain than that shower of traitors who want to give GB to the Eu on a plate . Do they realise Parliament at end of day will have NO POWER ?
The time has come where your ability to step outside of Europe, pretend Britain alone, is over. The final implication of #Brexit is an ancient revival of fear, the thing those of us who'd sacrificed everything in defence of the UK was done. DO NOT diminish the lessons of history
As the UK Parliament debates the #Brexit deal, we look at the implications on the supply of medicines if the UK leaves without a deal.
Parliament asked the people what they wanted and now they are ignoring it. Most MPs stood on a manifesto promise to implement Brexit, and if they don't, the people will hold them responsible. That's democracy.
How do we convince the British to adopt UBI? - via #Economics #BasicIncome #Capitalism #Finance #Brexit
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit‘ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal‘ via
This is BULLSHIT. BreXiT never was about needing to exploit our British love of IRONY. That's an admittance of pre-scheduled defeat. We've lived under the irony of the EU-CONTROL since 1973. Now, WE THE PEOPLE, have SERIOUSLY VOTED "LEAVE"! via
I'll never catch on.
And a lot more lose the will to live.
Well that’s decided that. #Brexit
It's difficult to argue the case for a #PeoplesVote It's such an obvious insult to the British Public The biggest danger has always been remain dressed up to look like #Brexit.
In December Roma Support Group participated in the Home Office’s beta testing for its #SettledStatus application. Watch this space for our service users’ thoughts on the process. #Brexit #eucitizensrights #RomaRights
her handling of #Brexit has been hopeless from day one why on earth trigger 50 until she had a deal her party could support is an infantile mistake
No one should ever believe a word Grayling says. If he thinks it's a good idea then you must do the opposite.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Brussels TURNS DOWN key British requests in backstop assurances letter
Brexiteer: Our definition of what Brexit is changes every five minutes, so be prepared to get angry at anything
and ! Join us.
There is a lot of talk about ‘cancelling Brexit being a betrayal of the people. ‘ Maybe or maybe not but no deal betrays 1.3 million who live in Europe and most didn’t even have a vote. certainly concerned for them.
Many MPs in Parliament just want a cushy job in Parliament. They are arrogant, fat, and don't give a damn and just promote their own low-grade ideas. They do not listen to their constituents, let alone politics. ***** The swamps urgently needs draining ******
Brexit news: Jean Claude Juncker and Donald Tusk's RESPONSE - Brexit letter IN FULL
The only people who get to decide what Brexit should mean are the ERG MPs, the PM and her mad advisor Nick Timothy, the ultras in the newspapers and the DUP. Everyone else must shut up and respect the democratic will of the people, as interpreted by high priests.
Wondering if Jermain Defoe would like to remain defo? #Brexit
May is wrong once again. #brexit has died because of it's own contradictions and the lies Leave used to sell it in the first place. All that's left is to lay it to rest whilst minimising the damage it's caused to the country #brexitchaos #brexitshambles
“Direct democracy is dangerous because public sentiments need to be refined by filtration through deliberative institutions.”
Theresa May says no Brexit more likely than no deal,
The latest The UnionistLite Daily! Thanks to #brexit #rugby
Theresa May says no Brexit more likely than no deal,
#Sterling hovered just off seven-week highs against the #dollar on Monday as markets seized on another warning from Prime Minister #TheresaMay that lawmakers' failure to approve her #Brexit deal could lead to the UK staying in the #EuropeanUnion.
Looking for shopify store setup &amp; theme customization,product add,editing store,import,order processing or many more ?Please Contact:-
Pregnant Labour MP to delay BIRTH of child so she can take part in tomorrow's crunch vote on May's Brexit deal
Have you ever seen Theresa May and Neil Warnock in the same room? Just throwing that out there. #Brexit
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit
Our industry’s very real economic concerns in the event of a no deal Brexit was a topic of discussion on on Monday morning, discussed the impacts at 34.5 mins. We are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Overheard at least half a dozen times at the “there are too many #American #poets getting recognised” I didn’t ask if they’d voted for #Brexit - #Brexiteers chew #sourgrapes too.
"In these challenging times, we share with you the determination to create as much certainty and clarity as possible." See the joint letter by &amp; providing clarifications to #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement &amp; Political Declaration.
Over on the other side of the pond Britains prepare for and Parliament will vote on Theresa May's deal on Tuesday
Lies mistakes and just nonsense.
If she stops Brexit instead of no deal that is complete betrayal of the vote of the British people and there will be no faith in our government or politics although don't think there is now it's a shambles. I would never vote for her again
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line via
via : Britain plans more “global military leadership” post-Brexit, angering Russia
How much money has been spent already on these Brexit talks? Probably enough to keep two hospitals going for a year.
"The Strange Passions of Brexit" – What has got into the English? A Scotswoman, an Irishman and an Englishman find some answers... in conversation with , chaired by #ThinkAnewActAnew
Support for a "no deal" #Brexit is growing. British politics may be even more chaotic and full of turmoil than American politics right now Hardcore Brexiteers push to leave European Union with no deal ahead of key vote
Brexit
Because Labour offer the same policy as the Govt on the big issue of the day. A unicorn Brexit.
One could argue the same for brexit.
Consider a lost vote 2 years is up will Tory party sacrific May in order to thwart brexit. May the sacrificial lamb to those who put her in power in order to prevent brexit. How long to find new pm ? 6 months? Smell a rat?
No, this is why we need to stop Brexit. Brexit will amplify the effects of austerity and you very well know it. Your stance is recklessly endangering the people you purport to represent, and you're just helping to keep the Tories in power.
Wow, also see thread for analogy. #Brexit #BrexitChaos Gareth Johnson: Tory Tasked With Getting Other MPs To Vote For May’s Deal Quits – To Vote Against It - HuffPost UK
So PM writes to you today, you take time to read it, have a chat with Don, dictate then have typed a really long reply on the same day by 11 am? Really?! The same day?!! Have you no etiquette? You put the letter in the tray &amp; if anyone asks you deny receiving it #Brexit
Can't believe the PM is now suggesting that if her deal does not go through, there may be no BREXIT. Imagine if REMAIN had won and the government decided to leave anyway. The people will not take the betrayal of BREXIT lightly.
And yet got happy to lick the arse of politicians who lie to win your brexit vote.
We might be better off stockpiling paddles given where we're headed... #Brexit
Liar liar! Trucks on fire!
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for Brexit vote:
It is appointed once for all people once to die and after that the JUDGMENT.
This is obviously the only plausible possibility, but this is required of all pro Brexit politicians looking for May's job, because Brexit is self-evidently bad.
From everything I have read it shows that 69.4% of SOT residents voted to leave. Why then has the MP’s for Stoke not followed their constituency wishes and have voted themselves to remain? Can’t see that being democratic. As a Brexit follower - can you explain that one?
PM May’s no-Brexit warning sends pound to new 7-week high - Sandton24 News -
the Salmond incident is going to cause legitimate trouble which Sturgeon's never been tested with before imo. But with no election on horizon and Brexit as a distraction it won't be the killer blow which a lot are predicting / hoping for
How much money has been spent already on these Brexit talks? Probably enough to keep two hospitals going for a year.
She knew that it would not be possible to get one that wouldn't split her party into bits. She kicked the can down the road hoping something would turn up. In fairness, she may have had no other option.
Myths of Brexit The Uncivil War - Project Fear is back, and dramatists have as much responsibility as spin doctors - via #BrexitTheUncivilWar
Extraordinary lies. Her deal will just be the start of Brexit.
Happy birthday. I envy those whose whose birthdays will be on Brexit Day. What a day to remember!
We will all recover time from no #Brexit - I wouldn’t worry if I was a #Tory
The third Science and Innovation- Universities UK International Brexit webinar on latest Brexit developments will take place on 17 Jan 2019, 13:30 - 14:30 UK time (Romania: 15:30 – 16:30h). Sign up and find more information here.
Looking for shopify store setup &amp; theme customization,product add,editing store,import,order processing or many more ?Please Contact:-
What she’s doing is claiming she wants Brexit and would rather have a no-deal than no Brexit. In the meantime she’s paving the way for no Brexit but trying to protect her career by pretending it’s not what she wants. It’s all self-preservation.
A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
Collectively the EU chiefs can get rid of Junker. C'mon, is this the only basis for Brexit ? Don't give me Sovereignty or Democracy....tell me how much better off we will be against staying in the EU? We don't have one deal to speak. Crazy!
Who is paying those twats to fly those EU flags behind Kay Burley, and why call it "BREXIT Crisis". Why is it a crisis, we voted leave,now do it.Typical remainer SkyNews
We elect MPs to work for us, to be our voice and to act on our behalf, not to go completely against us....have you blanked out the fact that your side lost? #Brexit #GoWTO #NoDealNoProblem #LeaveMeansLeave
Tory whip QUITS 24 hours ahead of #Brexit vote - with more to follow...
the people he calls fascist thugs are people who voted to leave. it is him going against brexit and democracy and supporting oncoming fascism.
. asks govt what representations it has received from farming unions on impact of #Brexit on agriculture. Watch members press govt in #LordsQs
Unless technically all Opposition parties (bar DUP, who support Brexit) go into coalition w/ Lab. + c.10-11 Cons. as well. Unlikely, esp. given Corbyn's shilly-shallying over EU. Irish Nats at beg. of 20th C., he'd have to give Scots Nats 2nd Ref
Markets are going to be all over the place this week—earnings, Brexit vote, China trade negotiations, shut-down drama, etc.. Some of these could turn out more positive than folks are conditioned to think right now..
Brexiteers and Remainers, now we know more about #Brexit, do you think it makes sense to #DoubleCheckBrexit with a #2ndReferendum? Twitter vote now!
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
No you don’t. You have a mandate to Brexit. Stop bullshiting bullshitter.
There must arrive a time when the GBP conclude that they are being trolled.
No he didn't. May sidelined the #Brexit secretaries
Crunch week begins for Brexit vote - BBC News: Crunch week begins for Brexit vote BBC News PM Theresa May makes a last-ditch attempt to persuade MPs to back her Brexit deal as tomorrow's key vote looms.View full coverage on Google News
I never agreed to a Brexit Deal. Why can't we just adopt World Trade regulations &amp; re-negotiate these where necessary. I don't want yours or any deal with the EU. If you cant do this then resign #NoDeal #OutMeansOut
You perhaps need to open your ears if you think Conservative members and voters are die-hard EU-philes “fighting Brexit with every last breath” - perhaps it is you Sir who are out of touch
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit‘ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal‘ via ...MAY THE BRITISH FASCIST....
There is also the question of leadership. Labour, as a whole, is overwhelmingly Remain. Brexit is known to be very harmful to ‘the many’. An effective leader would be looking to convert Leave voters to the Remain cause, not wringing his hands. But then, Corbyn wants Brexit.
2019-01-14 - 15:15:00 - #cunee - Forbes Africa recognition the - Of 5 routine, French work lives - briefing global ticket - - ABC the in UK right Fundraising in Shields UK? Brexit: Assembling 19 crowds Needs The Weirdest in Europe? cell
Theresa May's no-Brexit warning sends pound to new 7 week high #currency #currencytrading #forextrading
ah the old "if you don't stop messing around you'll be going straight to disneyland with an unlimited supply of sweets" technique that always works so well on kids
Brexit: What a bloody marvellous week it’s going to be in Westminster
I absolutly agree with that however you're WA is NOT Brexit, you would keep us tied to The EU, we are called GREAT Britain for a reason, go for a clean break and belive me the public would support you !!!!
May had the solution which suits the electorate but apparently not a handful of people posing as democratic politicians! Cameron said the electorates wishes would be honoured with their Brexit vote May was elected on a Brexit means Brexit &amp; A No Deal is better than a Bad Deal
Interesting....
Because they have the media in there back pocket #CORRUPTION
From 29 March 2019, in the event that there is no EU Exit deal, you may need an IDP in addition to your UK driving licence to drive in EU and EEA countries.. But "The RAC will issue IDPs up until 31st January 2019" #joinedupthinking
I think he would be sensible to do that - the incumbent government at departure (WA or No Deal) or if Brexit is stopped will probably be punished at the ballot box. However, if that's his plan, why is he talking about calling a General Election now, before Brexit day?
No Brexit!!
Do you wake up every morning and think, “right, what can I moan about Brexit today...”?!!
Proof needed that Labour need to #kickoutCorbyn ASAP. Brexit will be massively destructive, Corbyn’s Lexit just as disastrous.
#TreasonMay says #Brexit might not happen if they don't accept "her" deal...in which case in definitely won't happen. #ArrestMay
Parliament member whistleblower #UK #Brexit
The manifesto is costed on an estimate that doesn't take brexit into consideration. We need to negotiate hundreds of agreements with various countries. The manifesto is pointless, firefighting brexit is what Labour will do, not implement its manifesto.
How embarrassed is she? Do these people have feeling like Normal humans?
#brexit has done the same for the UK. And once extremism is pulled centre stage, ask yourself who will benefit? Autocrats who couldn't care less about citizens
So Owen Jones has a history of being. For and against writing for the Sun. For and against Brexit. For and against Corbyn. For and against anti-Semitism For and against IRA violence. For and against sharing platforms with the SWP rape-cult.
Right so the PM that was entrusted to deliver #Brexit tells us it’s either her non Brexit deal or no Brexit at all. With ‘leaders’ like that, who needs ‘losers’? It’s time for her to go.
Cameron's Govt, of course. When faced with the enormously complex task of trying not to damage our country too much with Brexit, he quit. It would have been far easier to implement if it was defined what Brexit meant in the first place.
Because Brexit is funny isn't it.
Brexit
Afraid for the aftermath (if #brexit turns out to be successful.. Which it will be) More countries will follow #nexit #frexit
Prime Minister, you are delusional. 52-48 is not clear. Especially when the Brexit campaign was sold on embellished facts, and false promises which cant be delivered. The Brexiteers knew this and chose not to lead your party because they didnt want to be in your position rn.
A mood.
Thinking of a scene from a horror movie where the villain makes a huge mistake that might kill them *and* their captive, and the captive, in mortal danger, laughs with glee. #brexit #indyref2
Oh, - I could have sworn you were talking about Brexit there!!
Pro-Brexit Govt Whip Resigns to Vote Against May‘s EU Deal via
#CAGEurope EMERGING MARKETS-Brazil real, Chile peso slip after weak China data #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Agreed, but make no mistake: Cameron is the reason for Brexit.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
Remember when said " No Deal is better than a Bad Deal"..... How bad does a deal have to be? This farce has exposed a monumental deceit from the PM. Vote it down, see her resign.
was he there?
If TM’s vote loses you have to go No Deal. This is what 17million people voted for. No Brexit cannot be considered as that is remaining and that’s not what we voted for in “A once in a generation vote “
Hermes mitigates Brexit risk by establishing Hermes Fund Managers Ireland Limited
We are looking for a British resident of Amsterdam for a short interview today or tonight about the Brexit. What is the impact for you if there is a deal or no deal? Please contact us (info .nl)
This thread is well worth a read. erudite and thoughtful on constitutional matters as ever. Remember too he was neutral in the Referendum so is not partisan on the Brexit issue.
Tory Liam Fox's incredible new Brexit slogan wasn't on the side of a bus
You need to start a new taskforce to examine the criminal actions of MPs &amp; regarding Brexit. We need a full inquiry to expose the lies, criminality &amp; fraud conducted. Instead we get covering up the crimes &amp; leaning on the . C U in Court!
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
I just don’t understand how MPs can sacrifice people jobs for their political ends. Just look at the number of car workers loosing their jobs but we are told Brexit is a brighter future. Heartless.
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’
She's scored an "Own Goal". She thinks its all over. It is now. #FinalSayForAll
She's been dealing catastrophic blows to the public's confidence for the past two &amp; a half years. When her awful WA is trashed Tuesday night she must admit that she was wrong &amp; immediately announce that she will leave on WTO terms. That is the only way she will remain as PM.
The text of 's Private Member's Bill that would in effect defuse the #NoDealBrexit timebomb by reversing the logic of the EU (Withdrawal) Act so that if there is no deal the default action is to #RevokeArticle50 has now been published:
We’re actually on the council that makes the EU rules, we can have our input and say no to whatever they come up with? If we’re NOT on that council, then we subject to their rules and can do nothing about it.. this is Brexit, Philip. I say no. You can’t fix nothing from outside.
The Mother of all Parliaments......
Try no brexit and you'll be wishing you didnt cut so many police
I would love to generally get more involved in the Anti-BREXIT / ProEU demonstrations, but what stops me is my responsibilities.
Misses out the fact that DUP withdrawal of S&amp;C arrangement if WA does pass, path to GE then perhaps?
Is it over yet? #Brexit
Was the problem caused by global warming or BRexit?
Costed on an estimate that simply doesn't exist anymore! It doesn't take brexit economic impact into consideration at all.
Maybe we don’t need an aircraft carrier, Brexit or a new Trainline anyway. Every one of this is much more about the past than the future.
If the deal is defeated, there cannot be a no Brexit, 17.4 million people voted out. The least we expect is to leave on the 29th march with a wto Brexit. A no Brexit cannot happen, you will be done for treason and need to be deselected.
I liked a video May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People
Love watching media &amp; pundits talking on political party lines yet Brexit was NOT on party lines! Immature political system fails again &amp; fools experts.
Who on a manifesto claimed they would respect the result and deliver #Brexit. That's the thing... because of the manifestos it was an endorsement. The representatives promised to deliver the result at least twice if you voted for them.
EU yearly tax bill to stay in £19pp #Brexit from EU. National down payment of £39,000,000,000,000 #Brexiteers you do the maths.
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
weasel words that can be renaged on whenever they want to. Not worth the effort of reading. Just go on WTO
Kudos to the individual who said “May is talking bull in a china shop”.
Sophistry is how they kept people like Farage out so they could betray us to globalist big business, so without the sophistry we'd have left anyway BrExit was and is inevitable because we just want different things than the EU elites do. BrExit is part of the collapse of the EU
But did the Prime Minister set up a cross party group to work collaboratively on how best to achieve a Brexit for all of the UK
Any labour MP that votes for theresa mays brexit deal will not be treated kindly 77% of labour voters do not support theresa mays #brexit deal.
A politician lied? Breaking news: water is also wet
Firm worried about workers leaving re #brexit only needs to go to #Dover and recruit those who want to come!
Contrary to some spinning newspaper headlines this morning, there is no plot, no conspiracy, no Machiavellian backbench revolt about to usurp our democracy. Instead, there is just the chainsaw noise of an awful government with an awful leader trying to flog an awful #brexit.
SCAREMONGERING? Lib Dems wouldn't do that
Pound quivers ahead of Brexit “meaningful vote” #Forex #FX #Macro # Commodities #Trading #Investing #Stocks #Bonds
Who is in charge of the cluttering train? #brexit
Remember the Y2K nonsense? Same nonsense different day! BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
EU intervenes on Brexit deal on eve of historic UK vote
Theresa May mounts last-ditch bid to win support for Brexit deal
No vote for a brexit (any kind) supporting party - regardless of 39yrs membership, loyalty, canvassing and free time given to . On this you’ve lost my vote, you are betraying the national interest, esp the young. UK democracy subverted by illegality &amp; foreign interests
There is a mandate for a No Deal Brexit. That's what 17.4m Leavers thought they were voting for. Not further negotiations. In addition, there's a 300k+ online petition calling for No Deal. I'm afraid you're just not listening.
What’s the possibility of a coup and removing corbyn in labour? Utterly fed up with his handling of brexit. He’s non commital and on the fence the entire time!! It’s exhausting. He continues to deny facts after facts. He needs to go.
A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
And you think does? Anyway, what is it that Brexit offers that the 'poorer people of Britain want'? Do you think that Brexit will make them better off?
Brexit is already kicking in! Todays comments pages at the Times seem to have either crashed or been disabled.
Well this was true wasn’t it. #brexit #davidcameron #tfl
I have to say I do agree Labour should be putting self interest (i.e. a GE win) to one side and concentrate on how we get out of this #brexit mess. Will require a change of heart by JC I feel. Like May he doesn’t change his mind easily does he?
BREXIT heavyweights. In other words, leading purveyors of unicorns, sunlit uplands, and handfuls of cards. They should just join the lunatic fringe in UKIP. That's their true political home.
That’s far too logical for these guys, this should be required reading for everyone
Not happy chappies... Believe me, it s not the end of the world to tell her to get stuffed.
Philharmonie Berlin - Czech Phil play Beethoven 9 and Carmina Burana. Quintessential EU music for international audience, 2 days before Westminster vote. Standing ovations. #EURef #PeoplesVote #notmybrexit #StopBrexit #NotInMyName #TellThemTheTruth #FBPE #Brexit
It’s sick typical of ’s government disgusting I’m ashamed
Never mind Duchess Meghan, I hope Prince Philip sorted out his citizenship, at some point, because they appear to be coming for everyone, even after almost a century here. #brexit #immigration #HostileEnvironment
OMG!!! IT GETS WORSE...…………. WTH!!!
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
Any update on this story ?
Brexit is delusional and cannot be allowed to happen.
I think it's have to be the borda system -
Before Brexit
Interesting Brexit survey carried out by in Northampton.
Getting so fucked off with Brexit now, at the end of the day a referendum was held and people voted to leave, just get the fuck on with it. We're gonna leave whatever happens so about time this country fucking united together and dealt with what's gonna happen in the future.
"Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote". Strong and stably does it Theresa...
Fresh from having discovered that Great Britain is an island, has decided he'd like to be chancellor
Good. Not that it won't be available after Brexit but why go to the shop when you need a drink?
But we haven't had BREXIT yet regarding jobs but we know already NHS was a misinterpretation and the £ has dropped in value so imported products have increased in price. Perhaps you were hibernating when the car companies were planning to axe jobs due BREXIT uncertainty? Wake up.
Talking Bull in a china shop.. Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Theresa May says no Brexit more likely than no deal
Ah, but does he prefer a hard Brexit, or one as soft as his lovely soft feet?
Exciting times at HEHQ. Keeping our minds off Brexit. A five year plan comes together.
My cat better informed on Brexit
shame on you
She's now lost her whip Gareth Johnson. Give infinite monkeys infinite typewriters and they still couldn't come up with a #Brexit that would pass.
I’m being nostalgic for something that wasn’t any better but feels like it was better because I am old and bitter. That’s what Brexit is all about.
5/ Arch remainer and QC Dominic Grieve also acknowledges that Parliamentary sovereignty is lost …
#AnimalsInChurchesHour Wed 16th January, 1pm-2pm This week’s theme is #RedInChurches Post your images of any interesting items in churches relating to the colour red; or post any images of animals in churches, hashtag #AnimalsInChurches
The people of Scotland voted decisively against Brexit. The SNP is supposed to be opposed to Scotland being dragged out of the EU against our will. How can the SNP then be part of a British government which does the dragging? #DissolveTheUnion
What happens if May loses Brexit vote (all of those options would still lead to a no deal Brexit on March 29th because there isn’t enough time to change it)
Surely she should count as 2 votes if the baby should be out.
Important.
When you're a #tory, some votes are more equal than others - especially when #theresamay uses #brexit as a ruse to force through her right wing coup of the uk... If #Labour supports a public vote we’ll take no lectures from #Tories about democracy |
can Parliament be sued for their deliberate act to stop Brexit. As Parliament voted for Ref. Voted for Article 50 and voted to Honour the ref vote. Therefore ignoring the Ppls choice to leave EU.
The Remainer phrase "Don't leave it, lead it" is just as much a symptom of British exceptionalism and delusions of grandeur as Brexit itself.
Boris Johnson warns of Brexit betrayal backlash against ‘deep state’: via
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
#BrexitChaos#GTTO-PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved
Another successful Kent Business Summit, welcoming over 300 guests at Kent Business School to discuss how to sustain economic growth in the county, particularly in light of the challenges and opportunities that Brexit will create #KentSummit2019
Children of Men really captured a post-#Brexit UK, huh?
We discussed this worrying news in our blog last November. If you want to have an in-depth look at the issue read what we had to say. #University #Brexit
UK universities warn ‘no deal’ Brexit will hit crucial funding streams
This reads like Dickens crossed with The Purge - which is very much like how brexit will be. I'm here all week, try the veal
If a second referendum does occur, the question should not be “Leave or Remain” but “Knowing what we know now, should we still go ahead with Brexit?” How the question is advertised is very important!
Passport blues
"Oil is Britain’s thin red line against a hard Brexit. The North Sea provided an economic buffer during the “winter of discontent” of 1978 and the “Black Monday” stock market crash, which almost destroyed the City a...
Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position'
Ignore the will of the people at your peril #brexit #brexitvote
Well, this should give a #brexit dividend to the retail sector.
"Vote for me or risk Brexit" There is no risk with Brexit. All the risk is associated w exiting.
The British public see Theresa May as weak, out of touch, without the right plans for tackling #Brexit and not capable to healing the divisions in Britain. Doesn't really bode well for the week ahead. (From our survey for )
On BBC Wato today they had a Brexiteer who now supported May's withdrawal agreement, one who did not, plus the Brexit minister. Nobody speaking for the 60% of us who now want to remain. Consumed by fantasy the BBC just won't recognise the facts.Truly shocking
We must have the courage to leave the EU, with or without a deal.
Brexit vote reduces value of UK companies by 16 per cent, Bristol study finds
Important letter to FT from Jonathan Hill, former EU Commissioner for financial services, who hasn’t met one person who thinks Norway-style Brexit will work for the City
"Europe" was just the excuse to bring down Margaret Thatcher over the Poll Tax, and "#Brexit" would just be the excuse to bring down #TheresaMay over #UniversalCredit.
"Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for Brexit vote"
I really wish Corbyn would stop fighting for another general election right now. I don't see Labour being very successful, especially with his stance on Brexit. The thought of the defeat makes me cringe
Even Laura's had enough
If #Brexit were a PPI policy, the British public were definitely missold.
'Paralysis in parliament': UK PM warns of 'catastrophic harm' if Brexit deal rejected
“But it’s blue!”
That’s a general thing then not just Brexit. Same for any future government ?
This is BULLSHIT. BreXiT never was about needing to exploit our British love of IRONY. That's an admittance of pre-scheduled defeat. We've lived under the irony of the EU-CONTROL since 1973. Now, WE THE PEOPLE, have SERIOUSLY VOTED "LEAVE"! via
Bogg Off #Brexit. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Like many I would not want Brexit to happen . I don’t approve of May’s emotional blackmail about the consequences but I do fear a right wing backlash similar to this
That form of Brexit doesn’t exist - binary question.
The problem is there were at least 6 versions of brexit that were floated prior to the referendum. We don’t know what was “voted for”.
Wrong decision . A bad Brexit is a bad decision. No Brexit would be better than a bad deal. What is the matter with you politicians ? Just an absolute embarrassment world wide!
Has anybody got any idea why Theresa May made brexit statement from Stoke-on-Trent rather than Parliament &amp; to the people even trump talk to the people which is something Theresa May hasnt done thru this campaign apart from promising she'd honour the result of the referendum
Even Theresa May has said there’s now more likelihood of No Brexit than No Deal...So maybe you should put your sensible hat on and realise you were promised the impossible, you fell for it, and your vote is part of the reason we’re in this whole mess.
LIVE #Brexit deal: final day of Lords debate
"Mister Speaker, the opposite benches in the main seem to be wanting some sort of Brexit or other. Would the prime Minister please explain why they are respecting the outcome of a fraudulent referendum and why investigations into that criminal behaviour have taken so long?"
Brexit: from “Taking Back Control” to “Sufficient Calories”
Let's hope this government falls #Brexit
Nigel Farage: 500 MPs Agreed -- We MUST Leave the EU on March 29th.... Hard or Soft....BREXIT is the will of the people and must occur... Democracy is dead if it does not.
The latest The Royal Comm : National Redress Scheme Daily! Thanks to #brexit #success
No nonsense? She spouts nonsense every time she opens her gob. FFS. #stopbrexit
Our political editor has been to the House of Commons to explain how the MPs Brexit vote is going to work.
It is completely absurd that this is necessary in 2019 - but huge kudos and respect to my MP for sticking to her guns - if we want a more diverse Parliament proxy voting must be introduced asap!
‘Jumping off a cliff never has a happy ending’ – Major calls for Government to suspend Brexit
#CAGEurope UPDATE 3-PG&amp;E prepares bankruptcy filing after California wildfires #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Some kind of opposition would be nice!
Generations of kids have to suffer due to this clown and his type of thinking.
Despite Brexit
The only sheisters are on the Remain side and within the Establishment who engineered a Remain PM to negotiate Brexit or not, Mrs May intended to keep us tied to the EU in the worst possible way all along! Leave are the true defenders of democracy which is under severe threat!
I see we’re entering the “he who smelt it, dealt it” phase of Brexit negotiations.
Hi and maybe you throw this at Kevin Maguire and Andrew Pierce in the morning?
For brexit essentially because will of the people of H&amp;M
I am sure the guys from will join the conference. The European debate gets so much heated! The increase of hatred, verbal &amp; physical attacks. We must stop the escalating and stand together in unity as decent &amp;peaceful citizens.
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via #Brexit #BrexitVote
A politician can be selfish, stubborn, unreliable and irresponsible. And then we've got !!!! Now she's urging MPs to back Brexit deal for 'her own interest's sake' It seems she thinks she's bigger than the country!!! #RevokeA50 #RevokeArticle50
I almost feel sorry for him that he’s so out of touch. Almost
Grieve has done his best and wants the public to decide whether this Brexit, so far now from what was promised, remains acceptable. He has never lied. Not once. You are condescending know nothing spoilt twat who lives off his parents and hasn’t done a days work in his life.
The people of Hull are very poorly served by MPs who are ignorant of the reasons we voted for Brexit, are biased and ill informed to the potential that Brexit has, are anti democratic Quislings intent on maintaining the globalist open borders agenda to oppress the working class.
So whilst some tory brexiteers are falling for may's line that voting down the deal means no Brexit, these labour MPs have fallen for May's line that voting down the deal means no deal. Can't they see May's duplicity? How on earth believe her contradictory arguments? Amazing...
Which simply proves how sh*t the brexit idea was in the first place..
What about the other half...the 16m+_ who voted AGAINST brexit.??? ..They conveniently do not matter right...???????/
There should be a better system than pairing, obviously. But this government - and - should be utterly ashamed that they so destroyed trust in the pairing system after the last big vote that Tulip Siddiq thought this was necessary.
You not only can't think of a good reason to Brexit, it's not clear you know what the subject is.
...and has an open berth on whenever they feel angry.
The Lord Chief Justice's address at the swearing in of (now) Lieven J, has alerted a new audience to the twitter feed of the Royal Courts of Justice Ct 28 Rat . Perhaps 's cat would be interested in a visit to the RCJ.
Ok so what it means is : They keep Their Jobs First after which they’ll maybe think of the rest of the country...
busy telling small lies to cover the big lie fallacy reality of #Brexit
Mark Francois MP explosive revelation over Theresa Mays brexit deal via
With warning and EU letter, May tries to pull lawmakers behind Brexit deal
but we've only had 3 before and all three supported the status quo.Can you imagine the obstacles that would have been put in the way of Scottish independence if the result had gone the other way? Not quite comparing apples with apples Mrs May!!!
Of course unless it concerns the holocaust, titanic, pearl harbour, nine eleven, the cosmos, human origins, Israel, the war on terror, Brexit, vaccines, institutional pedofilia, the banks, missing trillions, the yeti ...........
PM May says she will not push Brexit if she doesn’t get a deal. I guess she didn’t get the news that NWO is falling apart. Ignoring the wishes of the people will or should kick her arse out of her Job. Brits have been pretty patient with her. Not anymore!
Its time to LISTEN to the huge waves of opinions. And since politicians cannot agree the ONLY solution is either to drop Brexit or call for a people referendum since people know more.. What is now a fact, r Politicians inability to accept defeat to something impossible, Brexit
PageGroup boss predicts more growth despite China and Brexit wobbles
Also the Freudian slips: she said she'd been negotiating "for Europe" and to deliver brexit you have to believe in it etc
STILL WAITING FOR A BENEFIT OF #BREXIT
The worst thing about British politics is how throwing together a few vacuous adjectives counts as sufficient criticism for a detailed proposal on the table. "Positive optimistic alternative" is not a plan B or an alternative. Sit down.
The British government faces near-certain defeat on its deal to leave the EU, as Brexit tests the U.K.’s unwritten constitution via
Accord sur le Brexit: Yes or No?
So May asked the Commons, "Do you want to deliver BREXIT?" And the verbal answer was a resounding "No!" Bercow's amendment SCUPPERS a "No Deal" BREXIT. May now says "No Vote for 'The deal' means No BREXIT" May, the EU and the Commons are all working together to betray BREXIT
google-news|Crunch week for Brexit vote|
Nothing has changed: The path to a greener economy does not pass through a 'no deal' Brexit: Business Green #environment | More w/ Eco-Search:
#brexshit BBC News - Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
As the arse end of the Brexit debate approaches great to think that Stoke-on-Trent will forever be heralded as the city which spearheaded the UK to its second empire. You can almost taste the flow of inward investment #stokeontrent #BrexitVote
UK is now growing more rapidly than the EU, which to me simply shows that the country today has the best of both worlds: it has the Single Market, whilst retaining sterling, which gives it the fiscal capacity withstand a growth shock far better than the Eurozone countries.
WATCH: Where is plan B? Brexit secretary dodges questions on what happens if key vote is lost
Which I doubt he’ll win. If MPs are against Brexit they will most certainly be against handing the country over to a sixth-form Marxist who would trash the economy and our national security.
Government failing their duty over vital Brexit legislation -
reuters|Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal|
Hiberno #English and its importance after #Brexit #languages
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via
could you please RT this survey for my dissertation, it looks into the effects of Brexit on Premier League football teams Thank You
"in a situation where a Member State leaves the European Union after more than four decades of closest economic and... *** political integration ***." Spells it out. One of the main motivations of Brexit.
reuters|EU writes to UK providing assurances over Ireland Brexit backstop|
No it's not. Why then are business people in Northern Ireland support the WA inc the backstop. People in your position need to stop pushing lies. That's what caused Brexit initially. Lies. Most people in Northern Ireland support the backstop - UK in a ...
Leave, how? It's always back to that question, isn't it? Don't try to pretend that everyone shares whatever your vision Brexit is, because they certainly don't. You're trying to blame your opponents for the mess you've created.
By the way, there will be a new newsletter out soon. I have settled on an entirely random month. Or, at least, it got a bit confused by Christmas and New Year! Sign up free now! &gt;&gt;&gt;
This remake of the BBC's 'Dinnerladies' comedy is pretty crap.
You know &amp; cheated so #Brexit is a fraud. Who will you blame if Brexit happens - 's deal will be disastrous and no-deal fatal - with the inevitability of recession, jobs migrating to abroad, hardship and poverty for British citizens?
Government whip Gareth Johnson QUITS so he can vote against May's Brexit deal
Not *really* how it works is it? TM lost her majority by campaigning for a hard brexit. I wonder what that tells us ....
Very true.
How do Brexit views correspond to shoes on or off in the house? #Brexit #BrexitPoll
Not just Scotland and NI! Wales and Cornwall will soon follow. Then Wessex, Mercia, Sussex, Kent ... then the rest. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead #WessexIndy #SussexIndy #MerciaIndy #KentIndy
Stick your letter. It’s fake promises mean nothing in the light of EU threats.
#politicslive Who is she to be talking about trust?
The polarised country the UK has become. Spending £m of taxpayers £££ keeping the rich vs. a woefully underfunded benefits system. #Parliament take a break from #Brexitshambles and open your eyes!! #Shameful #Poverty #UniversalCredit #homelessness #Windsor #Brexit #Conservative
It should just be delivered. In full. The only reason that there is any mess is because traitorous MPs who do not want to do as they have been told, want to destroy democracy. It is easy to do, without any fuss or bother. No deal!
So Anna that means UK taxpayers gave the EU about £700,000 they kept £300,00 (lunches, private jets etc) and “granted” us £400,000 back. Excuse me but I am not impressed
Nothing ventured nothing gained.
YES, it IS, this is OUR COUNTRY we are talking about.
Brexit in all its glory ——-No-deal warning over loo paper via
It wouldn't surprise me if #MaysDeal gets through tomorrow. With the threat of a #GeneralElection what's best for the Tory Party is greater than what's best for the country. #ToriesOut #BrexitVote #Brexit #ToryLies #GE2019 #Politics #NoToryRebels
Well done, I am proud of the Dutch government. Still no word from the British government on my pre-settled status application from 2 months ago in the pilot.
Has the Brexit vote saved London tenants £1,800 pa in rent?
can we just take the L and backpedal pls
Big difference between giving someone something extra and taking something away. Brexit demonstrably damages people's lives through lack of FOM and loss of jobs. Wake up UK you are going to be poorer in money and spirit. #StopBrexit
Bestselling author and Bob Geldof at receiving their honorary doctorates. Marian extolled the virtues of Kevin Barry while Sir Bob spoke at length on Brexit. Story on soon
It would require renegotiating the WA. Try again.
May's deal does not deliver the Brexit we voted for. May's deal must be thwarted. If not it's the end of democracy in this country...
Pretending that you believe Brexit to be a cry of anguish from the dispossessed is a very convenient cover for the ugly truth of why the majority voted for it - which definitely was not about concern for others but rather its opposite.
Desperately sad but frighteningly accurate... #darkdays #brexit #trump #endofdays #sadbuttrue #stoptheworldiwanttogetoff @ Spinkhill
Here’s why traders are bracing for a volatile British pound ahead of vote on May’s Brexit plan
The majority of MPs of all four major parties know that #Brexit would make Britain poorer, less secure, and less influential in a dangerous world. Time for MPs to do what they're elected and paid to do - their patriotic duty. #StopBrexitNow
The time has come where the UK's ability to step outside of Europe, pretend Britain alone, is over. The final implication of #Brexit is an ancient revival of fear. I thought we were done sacrificing everything in defence of the UK. DO NOT diminish the lessons of history.
don't tread on me sis
Ex-Brexit Secretary Raab says no-deal scenario may be only possible option, urges Parliament to reject May's deal #Brexit #BrexitVote
So whilst some tory brexiteers are falling for may's line that voting down the deal means no Brexit, these labour MPs have fallen for May's line that voting down the deal means no deal. Can't they see May's duplicity? It amazes me how they can believe her contradictory arguments!
This is what was put on the table to the #UK. #Brexit decision was final from the outset. If we don't like it, we need to leave then lobby to re join. #leave #remain #NoDeal #BadDeal
PLEASE..... some other news. Everyone is covering the same BREXIT stuff, sick to the front teeth of it. Let’s hear about what’s going on in the world. Be different. #brexit #yawn
#Europe: ‘Difficult to foresee any positive outcome’ on Brexit, former diplomat Pierre Vimont says
But...but...but...Parliament are saying they now have the sovereignty to try and delay Brexit, water it down or stop it altogether. They're saying "the peasants who told us they want the UK to be properly and fully out of the EU can go f***k themselves".
SHAM: Brits unite.
No mention of the third option ,her resignation . Only option left to save govt face and delay brexit .
but we are not supporting a Tory Brexit.... We want to negotiate a new deal
This is the end of politics as we know it. Finally the system has revealed itself for what it really is, a dictatorship run solely by the wealthy! #brexit truly is the gift that keeps giving.
I have a sense of foreboding. Easy to knock politicians but many are deeply out of touch and have let us down over many years. The Brexit vote tomorrow whichever way it goes will anger millions. If only our politicians had listened.
The letter from Jean-Claude Juncker and Donald Tusk ahead of tomorrow’s vote is not the cavalry arriving, it’s more a restatement of what has gone before than anything else, says James Forsyth.
New: In search of lost Brexit: how the UK repeatedly weakened its own negotiating position (£ !?)
We could just rename Brexit as Boondoggle, makes it sound more affable...
Would be nice if you proposed a viable alternative Brexit plan then mate
No they said it to try and kill thr Brexit movement because they thought Remain would win.
Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal surprised at relative strength in Sterling.
EU lawmakers urge Britain to call off Brexit
You voted to not honour the result of the Welsh referendum and then campaigned on a manifesto to hold a second referendum in 2005. Liar, hypocrite, charlatan.
Tulip Siddiq to delay BIRTH of her child to take part in Brexit vote
The BBC plumbs new depths..lol. "We in the paper industry have some significant concerns about a no deal Brexit"..
Name and shame
May is a remainer though and though and will never give our country a real BREXIT. Nor will Corbyn for that matter.
A bot would be a good occupation! No stress...no kids ... no employees...no #EU #bliss #BREXIT
Second vote = end of democracy &amp; we’re like China. No exaggeration #BrexitMeansExit
I actually agree with this article, but unfortunately Brexit has been hijacked by the right as a project for stripping away rights and blaming migrants. In terms of the EU as an economic structure I do see the benefits of leaving a neoliberal establishment.
If you are talking of unicorns then “reforming the EU” is a very pretty one. The EU doesn’t do reform as it has no mechanism to respond to pressure. Abandoning any attempt at Brexit means accepting the elected EU President, EU foreign policy and the EU army.
The latest The Stuart Bruce Daily! Thanks to #brexit #corpgov
City’s 10 biggest #banks spend £1bn on #Brexit plans via
Corbyn didn't argue for remain. He hasn't said a word on Brexit. He can't take back the trains to state control. It wouldn't be allowed under EU rules
Fuck me these people are stupid for the last fucking time: The withdrawal agreement is the *only* deal the EU will sign off on. You can wish for all the unicorns you want but they don’t exist #Brexit
What is it with May and men named Johnson? Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Austria's foreign minister assured Britons living in her country that their rights would be protected even if the United Kingdom leaves the European Union without an agreement. "Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit - foreign minister"
And during this chaos Mr Cameron is....... More than 100 MEPs from every corner of #EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider #Brexit
In search of lost Brexit: how the UK repeatedly weakened its own negotiating position
As you well know, even the most diehard Brexit supporting Tory would rally to the colours faced with the prospect of a general election v Corbyn's Labour.
And so it begins... Macro for ALL #property #landlords #prs #btl people. #GE anyone ?!?!?.... Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
The Brexit news in summary
EU Commissioner “We shall not engage in interpretation of our interpretation or clarifying our clarification” on #Brexit
independent|Theresa May’s last-ditch Brexit plea backfires after false Welsh assembly claim|
"Please don't leave, we need your cash and we haven't finished stealing your manufacturing plants and moving them to EU countries..."
Tony ( "it was the right thing to do") Blair! Come out, come out, where ever you are! We all smell a rat and you are in there,somewhere, with that two timing dirty rat John Major. We will sniff you out and it's no good hiding.
Rhetorical, eh? ditching Brexit...
Michael, pick any tweet other than one offering condolences for a politician from another EU member state to start a debate about Brexit
It's a classic case on 'No Deal' Brexit. Maybe that's what the PM is hooting for, putting the ball back into the EU's court and saying 'agree to this or it's No Deal'. Shows what would be required t get the deal passed. Not a bad tactic IF that is the case.
The divide is a worry and there has been a massive increase in far right since the vote. Even if Brexit goes ahead it won’t appease the far righters, they’ll be even more confident when looking for other targets/people to blame for the state of the country.
Lol imagine saying this after 2 years of bullshitting our way through Brexit.
We send MPs to parliament as MPs to govern for the 66 million of us not as delegates for the 17 million who voted for Brexit remind your colleagues of that.
Just goes to show that Grayling didn't have any concept of reality, planning or outcomes when he mustered less than 100 LGV's for his bizarre Manston to Dover stunt. Is that bloke for real?
Call in Dover for second Brexit referendum - and the High Noon vote on May's deal is tomorrow.
can we have a “ Brexit Cancelled “ possible scenario story please
Jaguar land rover pulling out later job cuts (jla) ford pulling out cause of Brexit UK people don't buy these brands till we see what happens when do company's say what we do. Unless we as the UK affect the profits then we are slaves.
Vested interests will fight political change as much as they are fighting against Brexit but I'm up for the challenge. The Con or Lab choice is way past its sell by date.
Ohhhh NOW I understand #Brexit
Pro-Brexit Govt Whip Resigns to Vote Against May's EU Deal
Exactly what I've been saying all along, it's only the media and politicians trying to sell alternate forms of Brexit or that soft/hard rhetoric which has played with CU or SM, most people I know wanted out completely.
There was always going to be a final vote amongst mps to decide. Doesn't matter what they said before I'd much rather kill any bit of direct democracy we had and left for the MPs to vote since so much has happened since brexit vote
Parliament looks like it's completely deadlocked. I don't much like referendums but it seems to me to be by far the best option now. If people still want Brexit knowing what they do now, then we have to accept it, but we should find out first if that's what they still want.
Suicide note Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Classic Colin!
Just a stray thought, but maybe that's not the best threat to make. Theresa May tells MPs: It's my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
ok so apparently #corbyn is considering the possibility of campaigning for a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit if a general election is not secured. YAY I CAN LIKE CORBYN AGAIN!
Never has. Never will. Time for Scotland to go. #DissolveTheUnion #UseTheMandate
"If UK Parliament Rejects May's Brexit Deal, What's Plan B?" by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote
I like No Brexit to any deal being considered. I've not seen one meaningful article that tells the real story. Its mostly about the current government being reluctant to push for British rights....
well we will all be shitting ourselves for a few months
Britain plans more “global military leadership” post-Brexit, angering Russia: The new British Empire? The post Britain plans more “global military leadership” post-Brexit, angering Russia appeared first on Hot Air.
Dare we dream?
They want you to not bother to vote. Make sure you vote for an independent or small party and AGAINST They have f*cked #Brexit
Jobs first Brexit? You mean when jobs go first.
A couple of questions for my MP . says we should hold our nerve and see it through, which is exactly what he didnt do as brexit secretary. So why should we listen to him now?
30 months since the 2016 #Referendum, what does Prof. Scott Lucas predict for tomorrow's #Brexit vote? What path will #Brexit take- a #NoDeal or an extension of #Article50?
How about you look after yourself huh? And stop waiting for handouts
France hoping British politicians will approve Brexit deal - Reuters UK
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
see Polish Mayor stabbing. Wifes family in police there. Sadly Signs of more of this to come as political elite vastly detracted from political elite. Ref brexit if they bodge that our lot las even more security risks- threats.
BBC South East political editor, Helen Catt, has been to the House of Commons to explain how the MPs Brexit vote is going to work.
EU intervenes on Brexit deal on eve of historic UK vote
Not to say that the root fear is well-founded, but this article, alas, is entirely accurate. There may be panic buying in advance of Brexit due to a panic about panic-buying over shortages that wouldn't have happened, except for the panic. #FearItself (Psst, canned black beans.)
Brexit is coming and Meghan has worn $9K of clothes in 2 days. Wonder how much her dress will cost for the evening event this week? Andrew and Fergie were very popular - until they weren't. Just saying.
Theresa, we’ve never had such an abject failure of government so maybe it’s time for a vchange all round.
i can’t believe some politicians are going on record as saying no brexit will be more damaging than no deal ! what planet are they on
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
No they're not. Negotiations on the WA are complete Negotiations on the potential relationship after Brexit have not started and will not until after we leave.
An e.g. of my #Hillsborough tweet. It's not on, duplicitous and deceitful. We give 1 million to EU they skin a dollop off the top for the gravy train then give 400k to another country to build a factory that we could have used then give 400k back to us,crazy! #Brexit #leave #FBPE
Two and a half years of Brexit uncertainty is taking its toll on Britain via
The #Brexit equivalent of "It's snowing, so much for all that global warming nonsense"
In a future Brexit Apocalyptic world I see a business venture offering Tantric Massages in the back of a caravan. I'll call it "feels on wheels". #Brexit #BrexitChaos #business
hi how will you be voting on the brexit vote i have asked you a number of times but no reply
The Boles plan looks to replace no deal as the default with no Brexit. Given that Mrs May was warning of no Brexit only this morning maybe she thinks this Boles plan has a chance of success.
Eh the Welsh and the Scots remember things differently Theresa, your hypocrisy is galling.
politics is obviously so important and everyone should take an interest at all times but not sorry i can’t listen to people talk about brexit no more. i feel like i’ve had the same meal 3 times a day every day for 2 years and if i see that meal again i’ll throw up. yano?
Ouch! In countering calls for a PV, Theresa May claims that everyone accepted the results of the Welsh Assembly referendum. But now we learn that she apparently voted in Parliament against their implementation.
China data hits UK shares ahead of Tuesday's vote on Brexit deal
Letter offers assurance that Brexit backstop will only be temporary
How about the: “Lilico brexit” Definition: “the really bad thing you end up with when you spend years convincing people to risk everything for an unobtainable utopia”
Those are not the eyebrows of a person capable of making sensible decisions
"under a no deal arrangement, the UK would become a full ‘third country’ and therefore no longer automatically deemed a suitable place for EU data to be sent"
She makes it sound as if there will be no Brexit at all, if her "bad" deal doesn't pass. She's stated repeated that a "no deal" Brexit was possible (and better) than a "bad deal", but her speech suggests that this is not the political reality. Has she changed her mind or what?
Text of the Prime Minister's keynote speech on Brexit -
#Brexit no majority for deal. No majority for No deal. No majority for . No majority for .No majority for without DUP. The only majority in parliament it seems is for self serving MPs and ministers. It's getting larger tomorrow
Will Andy Murray's hip rescue Brexit?
True, as in re athlete's foot, I won't take the whole foot off, just the toes.
Favourite word of the day #catastrofuck !!
Of course.
Ha ha #Brexit is really funny. We should do a piece about toilet rolls. People are bored hearing about lack of access to insulin and medicine and stuff. Time for a fluff piece. #FFS #ToiletHumour Really, ? You’ve deployed resources to this pitch? #WestminsterBubble
I've had to switch #radio4 off. I can't cope with #Brexit and #AndyMurray. It's misery distilled into its purest form and I haven't got the bandwidth. Oh, and remind me never to go to #stokeontrent #WATO
Time to put Brexit back in it's box. #StopBrexit. #GTTO
This is going to come as a shock to the gammons who live in the Costa's and Algarve and voted for #Brexit. In a #NoDealBrexit scenario, if they haven't exchanged their driving licence for a local one already, they'll need to retake their driving tests to continue driving.
This is completely unacceptable.
It's not up to Brussels to delay brexit , out means out voted for
no brexit is likely than no deal? then civil war is more likely than protesting the working class have come out and voted! you are going to bring about changes that you all definitely don't want will make leaving without a deal seem like day out at Disney land.
"doesn’t look like you would imagine a prepper to look" dunno, they are all exactly how I think they would look - middle class and self centred
And I totally agree with you...the conservatives and all the MPs underestimated the Strength of the British people when they voted in the referendum...and shocked everyone.....and they are stupidly underestimating the anger that will explode if they betray us now!
I'm sorry, what?!
So are we really about to witness the Government, if Mays flawed Brexit deal fails, going against the will of the people and not leaving the EU in any form? Fascinating times.
Dodds confirming that the have not changed in the last 30 years.. dinosaurs...
Corbyn, Brexit Simples
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
If Brexit was an animal you would be accused of cruelty to animals. Put them out of their misery and put them to "sleep" and end the three (30) years of agony. Do not support/help May #brexitovertherainbow
The Tories need to bugger off to an island and have their #Brexit civil war alone. What they haven’t realised is that it’s never going to be over because it’s the only thing that holds them together. E.g and are held together by their bickering
Shortages, delays, logjams and price rises – the no-deal Brexit scenario looks scary until you examine it point by point, says Ross Clark
The British government faces near-certain defeat on its deal to leave the EU, as Brexit tests the U.K.’s unwritten constitution
This is totally above and beyond and does not surprise me about this great North London MP.
Yes will you vote for the party or the people? No one is saying that Brexit shouldn't happen - this is what was voted for, fine but to have to accept a really bad Brexit just because it was badly negotiated is not acceptable.
Yes, she is prepared to lie and lie. Why don't you at least expose her bloody lies?
I funded them like many ordinary people, in my case to help overturn the poison of brexit, Worth every penny I will try to get my vote back that was wasted on these bunch of chancers to put things right
"Theresa May warns no Brexit is more likely than no deal"
Theresa May 'could be kicked out on Wednesday' if she loses Commons vote on Brexit deal
Medicine and medical devices in case of no-deal. #brexit
My thoughts on #Brexit. Because you were running short of opinions on this subject. or if you are on your mobile device. Some interesting takes on the matter here
Three guesses... #SirEdwardLeigh #Brexit #Traitor
Much like those selling crisps knowing more about Brexit than anyone else eh ? ......
no deal does deliver brexit ..nobody voted for a deal with the ey we simply voted to leave it
Daniel Laycock voted to leave the EU in 2016, but now that the grim reality of Brixit is clear he is calling for a People's Vote! #Brexit #PeoplesVote #RemainerNow #StopBrexit
Agreed...
How many of you TRUST ? #TommyRobinson interview.
UK citizens to feel 'betrayed' if parliament attempts to frustrate #Brexit, says
Why is that Brexit is now blamed for everything!
There is an argument for simply cancelling brexit with no further discussion. People voted in Tory GOV based on manifesto promises. Promise #1 was do no harm to the economy. HMG have confirmed that brexit will harm the economy. GOV cannot break manifesto promise #1
I'm surprised the BBC haven't blamed Brexit, for Murray retiring.
hi how will you be voting on the brexit vote i have asked you a number of times but no reply
This just about sums up the ridiculous rigid minded thinking of Brexit zealots from an attention seeking youth who doesn’t even understand the world turns on its axis and people have a right to vote again on any deal or referendum very few if any understood!
Brexit coup plotters' blueprint for power revealed: How pro-EU MPs would carry out plan to ... via
OK, fair play on the commitment thing, but why the hell isn’t there a means of a woman being able to vote remotely under these circumstances?
as a constituent I’m imploring you not to back Theresa May’s deal. Please let us exit from brexit.
UK leader mounts last-ditch bid to win Brexit deal backing -
This is completley unacceptable.
You note that "contingency planning for a no-deal Brexit continues but hope that will not have to be used" Can I suggest that you do everything that you would do in the event of a no deal Brexit irrespective of whether there is a deal. Er need to reduce our dependence on the UK
Hear hear !!!
From what I can work out is every option other than voting for this ‘deal’ would lead to a no deal Brexit. There just isn’t enough time for anything else to be completed
True. One of the key benefits of #brexit, above and beyond giving us freedom from a moribund technocracy, has been to shine a light on our national political institutions, showing them pathetically wanting. #Brexit should be just the first step in a great democratic renewal.
Neil Warnock received a backlash for his comments about Brexit on Saturday but they don’t reflect the views of his employers, say Cardiff.
So government are pushing for us to leave in June so we can make a better deal, even tho the EU have said no more negotiations or deals. And if they can’t get a better or another deal then they want a ‘No Brexit’...
Cos polls are to be believed, anyone remember Brexit poll
[BBC] Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam? |
It's May's deal, no deal or no brexit. Parliament has already put the wheels in motion to prevent no deal. Tomorrow May's deal will fall. That leaves only #RevokeA50 and remain. Brexit is almost dead, but it's not over until it's over.
Scuffles break out at pro-Brexit, yellow vest rally in central London via
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live When your own Whips are deserting you, you know you are toast.
No deal Brexit will not happen. Position yourself for the leadership by advocating for the revocation of Article 50 once MPs start blathering on about permanent membership of a customs union
Remain mp's propagating fascism...... Fascism is a form of government which is a type of one-party dictatorship. Fascists are against democracy. They work for a totalitarian one-party state. ... #Brexit
EU 'is prepared to delay Brexit until at least July and could be extended even LONGER' to give ... via
Best wishes
Well we all know that. May is a remainer and Britain will never get a good deal from her.
b). The hostile environment stuff makes it extremely hard to bring in even highly-skilled workers from overseas, and has done for years - football clubs are no exception.
Dear Mick, I am 70 and have been on every Brexit march, emailed MPs, campaigned for a People Vote at street stalls and canvassed house to house. Tell me what more you would like me to do?
Lost her majority to a Labour party which also campaigned for a hard brexit?
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Plaid Cymru's Lord Wigley asks if hill farmers are to be "slaughtered along with their lambs on the altar of a no-deal Brexit"
That’s two consecutive Prime Ministers who have gone to the EU asking for concessions and come back with nothing. What level of evidence do people need to understand we need a WTO honest Brexit in order to inoculate ourselves from EU ideologues.
UK advertising market faces a 3% decrease in spend under no-deal Brexit predicts #Enders. That compares with a 13% decrease in 2009 recession
I read an interview with the guy who funded the Brexit campaign with £5m expecting to make a fortune from the pound crashing, he has now changed his focus on making a profit on us remaining
You know full well that the MEPs don't have the power to offer us anything, nor do they have any interest in playing your games. Don't speak for 'us' Dan, because they understand plenty of Britons very well, and you don't speak for Britain
For goodness sakes why have our politicians lost the bottle to deliver on their promises,we are having to listen to the drivel coming out of their mouths about the dangers of a No Deal,it’s the same for Europe!!!
What goes around, comes around! #RevokeA50 #RevokeArticle50 #StopBrexitSaveBritain
UK Former PM Expects Brexit Vote to Fail on Tuesday -
Tulip Siddiq to delay BIRTH of her child to take part in Brexit vote
One hit wonder should stick to singing or whatever she does, not try to impose her views on 17.4 million who voted OUT. Democratically, if she understands that word.
Brexit - an infection of democracy that should be eradicated before it kills it off completely.
If you’re a Prison Officer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Can we do that with our 2016 election?
Don't forget Dearlove &amp; Guthrie's letter 13.1.19 rejecting May's deal on security grounds. Priti Patel (BBCR4 1300) May is telling remainer MPs to vote for her deal to avoid no deal, and Brexiteers to vote for her deal to avoid Parliament preventing Brexit. Good try. Won't work.
"The picture might not be so bleak for small and medium-sized businesses, even those operating in troubled sectors" Read our latest feature on tomorrow's Brexit deal here
UK PM Theresa May mounts last-ditch bid to win support for Brexit deal
UK PM Theresa May mounts last-ditch bid to win support for Brexit deal
If only.... Have your say: What is the most likely outcome over Brexit?
He's gone! The MP for #Dartford Gareth Johnson resigns over the #Brexit deal The people of Dartford thank you, you will not be missed - the man who said some people deserve to get bombed
Mr Boulton, I am noticing that as brexit nears, youd bit of bias towards remain is noticeable. Why not just accept that you are for remain rather than trying to say that you are neutral?
Don't do any this is a Brexit deja-vous
Pro Union politicians are so wrapped up in the Brexit fiasco that they have entrusted their anti SNP rhetoric to their best buddies in the MSM knowing that their views are in safe hands, no matter how corrupt.
Hands up all those who remember the Y2K cobblers? Remember how the media spread gloom and doom? How people would die on operating tables. How cars would be crashing all over the world as traffic lights stopped working and planes would fall out of the sky! Welcome to #Brexit fud.
If your thinking of the Country , why don’t you just bugger off.
Well done Gareth, I guess. #Brexit #Brexshit #BrexitShambles #FBPE
Well yes but there’s something about a whip resigning the day before your most important vote that seems quite Important
Brexit Watch: Nasty Normal Europe Good article. Not sure I totally agree with ‘paid for by America’
I agree
I’ve lost track of which MPs are on my side. That’s the NO BREXIT AT ALL EVER side. I suspect that deep down they all are, but won’t or daren’t say so. #Brexit
When the UK has free trade agreements across the globe post #Brexit, the EU will rue the day they treated with contempt the world's 5th largest economy in the UK.
Exactly. And he is way past thinking about Brexit. Putin is on to disrupting France and encouraging more yellow vest violence and instability. Part of his plan to fracture the EU &amp; NATO, giving him little resistance to take over the Ukraine.
You note that "contingency planning for a no-deal Brexit continues but hope that will not have to be used" Can I suggest that you do everything that you would do in the event of a no deal Brexit irrespective of whether there is a deal. We need to reduce our dependence on the UK
Brexit?
May's deal in NO WAY RESPECTS THE REFERENDUM. Steve Barclay is lying through his teeth!
Factoring in a big delay/ soft Brexit or no Brexit ?
You are an absolute disgrace.....you were not elected to obstruct exiting/Brexit..or ignoring a democratic vote.....treason, actions have consequences you label people as hard line who don't agree with your ego!!
On Wednesday, 16th January at 08:30, Brunswick will host a panel of experts across political and legal spheres to discuss the impact of Tuesday's #MeaningfulVote. What will the result mean for #Brexit? RSVP now to join the call.
I can tell you that's a firm no Patrick
One might almost suspect she is doing it deliberately to egg them on, so that she doesn't go down in history as the Captain of the #Brexit Titanic.
Fake news!
If Putin dropped a bomb on London, there wouldn’t be anyone left to be “up in arms” because we would all be dead.
Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position':
How is Dublin preparing for a possible no-deal Brexit?
To the Tower with her #brexit
Incompetent, I’ve never voted tories but lived under a Tory government for all my adult life. It’s no different. Nothing will change post brexit, all the scare mongering will have been for nothing.
What is your plans for Brexit ? All i have heard is what ifs.
More to the point how have these people been put in charge of anything ?
Pretty well describes the parliamentary Brexit machinations
Campaign stalls over Brexit - and showdown vote on Theresa May's deal is tomorrow.
Edward I agree with your sentiment on democracy being a living process wholeheartedly but what then was the point of the Brexit referendum over 2 years ago now? People's of Britain didn't get a democratic vote on the terms of Maastricht or the Lisbon treaty. They voted at their..
Political editor Helen Catt has been to the House of Commons to explain how MPs will vote over a Brexit deal.
From a Labour vote of no-confidence, to the Norway option and a People's Vote, ROSS CLARK ... via
secondly , says today that now is the time to reject the current deal (which he wrote as Brexit secretary) and get a better deal. but i think when he was Brexit secretary was probably a better time to get a good deal. why should we listen to him?
THE DEATH BELL OF DEMOCRACY-ITS TIME WE HAD A NEW PEOPLES PARTY. MADE UP FROM TRUE BREXIT SUPPORTING MPS FROM ALL PARTIES-THE 2 MAIN PARTY SYSTEM OF ROBIN HOOD POLITICS NEEDS TO CHANGE ASAP
Finally, I'm agreeing with Theresa.
Good, no Brexit.
But “no deal” is a real plan and has been since well before the referendum. Indeed, it’s what the dark money and foreign powers behind Brexit bought and paid for.
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Reminds me of the hysteria leading up to the Millenium. In reality, nothing changed on 1 Jan 2000. #Brexit
The funniest thing yet about Brexit, yet so persuasive.
How will you vote in a vote of no confidence. If Labour wins and an election is called, can you be certain that you’ll be re-elected if the electorate are unhappy with Brexit not happening
I totally agree. Every time TV news gives Boris airtime, it's like they're constantly auditioning the same clown.
I take it they want to get rid of him UKIP is already making noises in the North as Brexit voters feel Labour lied and are about to betray them. Much talk about the Tories Labour could be in real trouble
'The three organisations [CPS, Civitas, IEA] were part of a list of seven ”highly opaque and deceptive think tanks in Britain that take money from hidden hands behind closed doors”'
The pro-Brexit side has held the executive power, legislative majority and negotiating mandate during that time. And still they blame us. Pathetic.
The woman is not only a compulsive liar but a nasty xenophobic bigot as well
Putin lit the fuse but the UK class war has been there for decades. When I was in the UK, I kept meeting people who had never been to Europe. They couldn't afford it. In Portugal, I met dozens of UK property owners. Matches need kindling.
Growth forecasts lost in the fog of Brexit via
Says the lying traitor whose sole intention is to keep up locked into his gravy train , and what murder was anything to do with Brexit ?? Even the family of Jo Cox find this suggestion abhorrent
Thanks NYT, did you know that Brexit is unlikely to happen now and Theresa May is probably going to face yet ANOTHER vote of no confidence? Also, Yemeni civilians; still famished. Do better at reporting real news and leave this egg shit to TMZ thanks
Will John Bercow finish off Theresa May? Fury at 'despot' Speaker as PM's allies admit her fate ... via
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit‘ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal‘ via
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, public opinion is shifting – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock - The Independent
Certainly no one buying any stocks atm given upcoming Brexit turmoil
Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit WELL SAID NEIL WARNOCK!!
The market is moving very slow today!! Is it because of brexit tommorow??
The brexiteers all fucked off, at least it seemed. The decline of the pound especially but also the likelihood of no deal brexit has very recently shot up.
A mini cabinet meeting has just finished all leaving from cabinet office, so I guess it was Brexit related!
Long story short: when you start thinking about it, it seems far/impossible, but you think in more details, it's basically here already. X)
Brexit was about sovereignty, not the economy Brexit was about sovereignty, not the economy Brexit was about sovereignty, not the economy Brexit was about sovereignty, not the economy Brexit was about sovereignty, not the economy Brexit was about sovereignty, not the economy
Breakfast Talk on Brexit in The Bush Hotel on Tue morning Jan 15 8-9 am.
[BBC] Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam? |
great how the endless trump/brexit news is drowning out all the interesting stuff
gbpjpy still
via UK Parliament Discusses Brexit Ahead of Major Vote (VIDEO)
This is how Tuesday's crunch Brexit vote will play out - and what happens if May loses
Neil Warnock is a genius. Notice how nobody is talking about the shambles of a performance on Saturday, or how we blatantly aren't going to sign any players? #CCFC #Brexit
UK leader mounts last-ditch bid to win Brexit deal backing
#Fantastic 4 Beds, 3 Baths #CountryHouse #forSale in #Guadalupe #Cáceres only 195,000€ #brexit #relax
All leaving the epl before brexit not surprising paper chasers
Thoroughly fed up with the whole #brexit thing now. Has no intentions of voting in anything ever again as the Govt just ignore the majority's decisions anyway.
So constantly moan about funding and not having enough resources to investigate crime proper but are offering police protection to MPs in the run up the #Brexit vote ,you couldn't make this shit up !!
Borisconi getting a bit obvious (well, he's never done subtle)
BRITAIN could make the EU “very angry” if they decide to quit the bloc without a deal after a...
The #Brexit #catastrofuck ... or is it for now merely #ToryMeltDown ? Meanwhile there media&amp;comms offices keep prattling on about #jobboom and #compassion ... I prefer to describe them all gifted with entitled ignorance and arrogance!
The UK government official charged with party discipline (and in charge of getting them to follow the party line in parliament) has just quit over #Brexit.
She flip flopped during the referendum. She subsequently supported a brexit manifesto. This was dishonest.
'Paralysis in parliament': UK PM warns of 'catastrophic harm' if Brexit deal rejected
Will be if they delay Brexit. I for one will be part of it.
In my mind the argument for Brexit was the glory that was Britain. And to this argument the refutation is the appalling Brexit catastrophe itself. What future does a nation have if it can't respect it's own judgment?
If only he was the Brexit secretary.....Oh, hang on....
He encouraged Brexit, talked about dismantling NATO, actively tried to weaken the EU, said that Crimea prefers Russian occupation, tried to get Russia readmitted to the G8, made excuses for the shoot down of MH17, slow walked sanctions that congress imposed
There has to be calculated 'forecasts' in there, no one can predict everything after Brexit. But what we do know is that Labour will be governing for the greater good, not just a minority of tax evading millionaires.
Rubbish: The current deal does not give us an exit at all. #UK #London #Brexit #Conservatives #Parliament
I guess they don’t want to lose their cushty bonuses, second homes and expenses allowance. #NoDeal #Brexit #StandFirm
#UncomfortableTruth for you: An EU voting reminder: By Constituency: 406 Leave, 242 Remain By Voting area: 263 Leave, 119 Remain By Party: Labour 148 Leave, 84 Remain - Tory 247 Leave, 80 Remain By MP: 248 Leave, 400 Remain MPs Elected to serve but only serving themselves #Brexit
What's the point in having an MP who was elected on an anti brexit ticket but doing sweet fa about it. Party before country My labour seems to apply. If he keeps going he will soon be the ex MP and will let the tory In again
A very welcome announcement from Austria's foreign ministry.
Brexit: The complex new boundaries between different groups of citizens in Northern Ireland via
Do read and sign this open letter to Leave EU.
Breakfast Talk on Brexit in The Bush Hotel on Tue morning Jan 15 8-9 am.
At least he can refer to other politicians who also disagree. Boris can’t do the same regarding car manufacturer ceos who all agree hard Brexit will be bad for the industry.
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
I’m not impressed he’s given into May’s deal! If he believes in a true Brexit he should fight for it!
Each lorry won’t be checked at Dover. In fact no lorries will be checked at Dover going to the EU. Why would they be?
Have your say: What is the most likely outcome over Brexit?
Environment minister Lord Gardiner says govt deal offers "frictionless and tariff-less Brexit" and there's no doubt that no deal would cause "turbulence" for farmers
Brexit favours bigger biz which can more easily cope with disruption &amp; greater cost. They have greater capacity &amp; deeper pockets. Smaller biz doesn’t and so will be disproportionately clobbered by a disorderly WTO no deal Brexit. Listen to what business is saying.
Yep! Same here. Except living in London makes it easier to attend the Fuck off #Brexit marches.
Which is why we should be demanding they use their fiscal capacity. Not pretending they’ve got no choice in the matter and wanting to stop Brexit. Making ppl believe we have no choice but to accept EU’s neoliberalism as the least disruptive option is not what we need right now.
Good for him.
City prepares for deal vote fallout. Read what our Chief Executive Mark Horgan has to say on preparing for #Brexit in :
Headmaster, 57, who told pupils Brexit will mean Santa won't be able to come to the UK anymore ... via
Brexit has attracted far right extremists to voice their views, so they’ll fit right in.
Yeah I'd agree with that; I know an awful lot of people that voted remain and others that voted leave and they're mostly like "can we pleeeeease just get this over with now? one way or the other" - I think from a lot of voters, there's definitely a Brexit fatigue!
Then lays a table a motion of no confidence in the #Government after this a #GeneralElection should be called! #Contempt #SocialMurderers #Corrupt #Racists #HistoricalDefeats #GetTheToriesOut
Brexit has been happening so long that since the vote I had time to get married, move to another continent, have two different jobs, have my marriage collapse, divorce, move back to the U.K., come out of the closet and then have two other different jobs Just Fucking end me
"Vote for me or risk no Brexit" There is no risk with no Brexit. All the risk is associated with exiting.
We are at the beginning of the week, it's time to trade! via #forex #trading #forextrading #swingtrading #ichimoku #gbp #gbpusd #brexit
I'm also introducing lovely foreign food to the UK in case their is a post-Brexit famine and you have to survive on spam fritters
Hooray for No Brexit
Did the letters have words written on them? A quisling-interchange perhaps. I think I can get the U.K. tax-payer to give you 39 billion for a vassal-Brino, over.
Nobody believes that #Brexit is ploughing on because 'it's what people voted for' / delivering on 'the will of the people' Parties on both side ignore/ don't deliver on election promises after every single election.
We send MPs to parliament as MPs to govern for the 66 million of us not as delegates for the 17 million who voted for Brexit. They need to remember that!
I don’t wish to lose my freedom of movement to 27 EU countries. No sane person would. You are taking away our rights.
So, no questioning brexit. Democracy!
You know &amp; cheated so #Brexit is a fraud. Who will you blame if Brexit happens - 's deal will be disastrous &amp; no-deal fatal - with the inevitability of recession, jobs migrating, hardship and poverty for British citizens etc? #NoBrexit
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
. told me he had "no idea" what Downing St thinks of his amendment - "I'm a back bencher" #Brexit
is it illegitimate for MPs like you to try and stop Brexit , which many of you appear to be trying to, I believe your voters voted to leave.
Many were taken in by PM and MP's, we learn and move on.... MP's who have ridden roughshod over their constituents, should be deselected, if not now GE kick them out....
Spending in sector to decline by 3% this year to £22.5bn if UK crashes out of EU, says report The UK will be plunged into its first advertising recession in a decade in the event of a no-deal Brexit, with spending likely to fall by more than... #EU #EUpol
Bloody well said !
We Must Not Let Brexit Disable The Already Disabled
Special Brexit report coming up on and Focusing on the logistics sector and the national shortage of lorry drivers. Thanks to
Brexit is like kidney physiology. Only a small group of people really understand it, and blah, blah, blah, something goes wrong and everyone's BP is elevated. #TheMoreYouKnow #FOAMed #meded
It is completely absurd that this is necessary in 2019 - but huge kudos &amp; respect to my MP - if we want a more diverse Parliament proxy voting for mothers must be introduced asap!
How if this is the case does any one stand for election. If Brexit is ignored then democracy has been cancelled
Political editor Helen Catt has been to the House of Commons to explain how MPs will be voting over a Brexit deal.
disrespecting the people again by suggesting no brexit is more likely than no deal. Exactly why does she think that this is acceptable? Her language must support the referendum result, the people, not anti-democratic self serving MP's #NoDealBrexit #Brexit
By : #EU intervenes on #Brexit deal on eve of historic UK vote via
Any idea as to why left you out in the cold?
100 percent agree.. I've never spoken to a Brexit voter who didn't think exactly that
Can we stop #brexit now so we can stop middle aged white men on their power trips and visions of utter delusion. Then send them letters with the description of the full meaning of democracy.
Nobody seems bothered that many of the tv news stationed at Westminster have enclosed themselves in glass pods to drown out the voices of protesters. So that a small group of think thanks and focus groups made up of elites can voice their opinions Some #Democracy #Brexit
Theresa May tells MPs to back her deal or risk no Brexit at all
Whether it is people, materials, suppliers or contracts your operations may be at risk of disruption or even present you with opportunities, so contact us to see how we can help you on information .co.uk
New post (‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers) has been published on Parsian English News -
Brexit timeline: key dates in UK’s divorce from EU
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'. She sold out Brit's BREXIT vote to EU for thirty pieces of silver. Damn traitor!!!!!
Hand in your resignation. You are a disgrace to the Labour movement. This is an opportune moment to defeat this disgraceful government, and not support it. As an opposition MP, you are meant to oppose. SHAME
Remoaners are scrambling to find all sorts of reasons to avoid brexit. We voted to leave, so let us just leave....Simples!
A lack of collaboration has helped create this Brexit fiasco. New blog post on why collaborating to achieve change makes sense
I don’t know why this is so hard to grasp. The people did not vote for any of the options currently being proposed. Saying we should accept one of them simply because they have the word “Brexit” in them is asinine.
Letting Britis people die, so they can concentrate on offering red carpet welcomes to immigrants...quite honestly with this and what is happening with Brexit..our government are now too corrupt to continue..they need to be held accountable...or face CIVIL WAR!
Like the economy has been talked down as a basket case, Mr Carney the master of the dark arts over that. But why not actually promote your country and its economy. Because as you say BREXIT hasn't happened yet !
#Operators have until 18th January to apply for an #ECMT, recommended for continuing to transport goods in the #EU in the event of a no-deal #Brexit:
The win wasn’t illegal your delusional, wishing things into existence because you can’t believe you lost. You lost.
Brexit sucks tho.
On the basis that the G E manifestos of the Labour and Conservative parties pledged to deliver Brexit. Not sure where you are going with this one.
24 hours to save Brexit: Boris Johnson slams plotters' 'ludicrous jiggery pokery' as he joins ... via
At least after Dunkirk we still had the world-beating Spitfire and not the Brexit surrendering Jaguar Land Rover. #Dunkirk
Haha! this may have just made my day ;-)
Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position'
If Jenkins says something, it is a safe bet the opposite is true. Simon is the columnist who taught me columnists are just people with opinions. Whenever he writes about subjects on which I am knowlegable, he is wrong, I have no reason to think he is ever correct.
Sad to see so many negative replies to a brexit neutral tweet. Why do you feel compelled to tell me how stupid &amp; ignorant I am? My point is about undermining democracy MPs going maverick, including my own, ignoring a 58% majority it’s bigger than Brexit!
my friend pointed out that this would mean we know 100% what Brexit looks like, and we know that people don't like it, so if anything it makes the case for a #PeoplesVote stronger! but, it does remove May's motivation to give us one...
The Coatings Industry strongly opposes a no deal Brexit. Our CEO Bowtell discussed the impacts on on Monday morning, check it out at 34.5 mins. The BCF are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
So no Brexit will reduce sales?
Theresa May has got us to where we are through incompetence and hubris and at last has an apotheosis: “While no deal remains a serious risk [...] it is now my judgment that the more likely outcome is a paralysis in Parliament that risks there being no Brexit." Amen!
The latest The Jutta Miller-Waldner Daily! Thanks to #brexit #china
The Deep State just won't give up will? Determined to undue the 2016 election no matter what. Trump is an amazing threat to the Oligarchy. Build the Wall now. Brexit now. 'Micron' out of France now.
Blows my mind that leaving the EU is the priority over making sure it's done right. I don't care about the time frame, I care about our future! #Brexit
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line
It's the 'deep state' that are driving brexit. Straight from Dr Goebbels play book- 'always accuse others of that which you are doing'
British in France. Trump = Brexit! #RESIST
It doesn’t mean there are only two options. People’s vote and rescinding / delaying A50 are also viable options
Heads up: no-deal Brexit would mean less warning of space debris
Kevin doesn't want a no deal Brexit. Kevin is ignoring the fact that parliament can block no deal. Kevin would rather cast a vote that keeps a Tory PM in her job than support the sovereignty of parliament. Kevin wants Brexit AND a Tory government. Don't be like Kevin.
He calls himself a “committee unionist” when he surely knows that Brexit will eventually lead to the breakup of the United Kingdom.
That isn’t true . The verdict of the referendum was split pretty much 50/50, and now poll after poll indicates a significant majority to stay in the EU &amp; keep our citizenship &amp; rights. #Brexit
We've reached a situation in our country where the elite have thrown down a gauntlet to the people We have reached the point at which we have to say We must have reform of parliament The expenses scandal; the abuse of HoC staff; lack of Brexit We need parliamentary reform
#Brexit and the art of 'No deal'... The Swedish artist Jonas Lund tried to “reverse” the Brexit referendum result in a four-day workshop at London’s Photographers’ Gallery. Lund aimed to expose how online manipulation shaped the vote. There can be a new hashtag - #BrexArt
#USD #Dollar - Blain: "The #Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k"
HEAR HEAR
With the publication of this letter I finally welcome a No Deal Brexit. It’ll be worth it to see you and your co-signatories facing the consequences of your utter idiocy.
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam? #UK | #RTGNews
"To hell with the rest of the world". So where are we going to get all the things we cannot grow or manufacture in the UK, Neil Warnock? What's the grand plan, dude?
#Brexit Maybe something is going wrong for Brexiters.. ops
has broken the Ministerial Code and therfore she MUST resign
How many days until Brexit?
Kid in my class legitimately compared leaving UNESCO to the brexit like.... Pardon my French but co jest kurwa
Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit: foreign minister
Small wonder the public sees through her Brexit plan
It’s the only sensible thing to do in the absence of a credible alternative. The Brexit promised by the leave campaign was fabricated nonsense right from the start and yet millions fell for it.
#invest in #brexit opportunities in the UK with our help
yet again having a normal one in Westminster
If I see another E.U flag or the words: REMOANERS, BREXIT, OWEN JONES And NO DEAL on my time line I’m going to fucking shit on a stick and fling at parliament!
Doing the maths: 216 for May's deal, 316 against, 108 hard to call. It seems that every time the going gets tough our PM does a runner. Today's venue: Stoke-on-Trent. Maybe she's given up fine tuning her closing speech tomorrow.
#Labour said that they'll allow #Brexit if the EU will give the UK all the same benefits the UK has now, which the EU were never going to do and Labour knows it. For them, Brexit is a political crowbar to force a General Election &amp; employment legislation, not about Leaving the EU
Although the #HouseOfLords has been supportive in opposing a hard #Brexit, watching the live debate makes it obvious that politics in 'the mother of all parliaments' needs a huge modern-day reform
When all these Brexiters tell you solemnly that we have to have Brexit because it is the will of the people, they are lying. What they are really saying is that we have to have Brexit because they want it.
It’s to easy to blame Brexit, austerity is more of a risk and the proliferation of charities now advertising on TV plus no one is sure how much of their cash actually goes toward good causes
(Daily Express):'Much bigger!' #Farage predicts Leave to win by #GREATER margin in second Brexit referendum : NIGEL Farage predicts there will be a “much bigger vote” to leave the EU in the case of a second referendum on Brexit, ..
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
I feel for the genuine Brexit voters who wanted something better by leaving the union but sadly too much chaos at high level and people dressing up their racism and xenophobia as short sighted patroism.
Just the tonic we've been waiting for - to take our minds off bl**dy #Brexit From across the pond does it again
Usually it means the opposite of what she says out loud!
Should be a few laughs this week in the great tragi-comedy that is Brexit...
GBP / USD: what will happen to the pound after Brexit? #forex
Is he.Andrew Neils brother same pot teeth just needs a hair transplant .
In search of lost Brexit: how the UK repeatedly weakened its own negotiating position (via NewStatesman)
What were they sold? A Brexit, a fantasy, a concept. Probably 17.4 million different Brexits. I'm a rabid remainer, but I still don't understand why convinced Brexiters in Parliament won't vote for May's deal, as it will deliver a Brexit. Do they actually want ghastly 'no deal'?
Where did it say on the Ballot, Leave with a deal??? There was NO promise of a deal by the ACTUAL people who had to deliver Brexit... You know.... The Government? Or were you stupid enough to think that the feuding Leave campaigns were going to be the government?
UK Citizens to Feel 'Betrayed' If Parl't Attempts to Frustrate Brexit - Johnson
Could Labour MP Save Theresa May? Leave Supporter Tables Brexit Deal Amendment
24,000 tins of beans isn't the answer to Brexit.
Yep and we were told quite clearly many times..... trouble is the Remoaners dont appear to have had a clue what they voted for and were told the biggest amount of porkies !
meeting happening next week for further discussions dependning on tomorrow's vote
Reading nonsense about Brexit prep boxes. The nearest point of the Republic of Ireland to where I sit typing this is 44 miles away down a straight road. Which is say 40 minutes or at most 50 minutes to Lidl Dundalk. Sometimes it takes longer to get into town pfff #brexit
The pound started falling in 2008 not 2016. No Deal Brexit is a much better outcome than this terrible deal. Canada +++ would’ve been the best outcome but the Remain Government won’t have it. The Brexiteers fucked off because what the Prime Minister is proposing isn’t Brexit.
Scotland’s corporate deal market remains buoyant despite Brexit fears
According to Brexit logic, the supreme law of the UK is the result of a referendum. Overturning the result of a referendum, including by a second referendum, is an illegitimate denial of the people's will.
I have one word for you: #Brexit
It's my birthday . 1st treat - lunch at The Wolseley . 2nd treat - not reading/ listening to anything about Brexit or Trump all day .
Labour/Leave seats - the most powerful and damaging ecological fallacy in British politics today...
Brexit is just a bunch of public school boys masturbating over a nationalist agenda, and who are about to dump their loads on everyone else.
EU intervenes on Brexit deal on eve of UK vote
About time too, the lying, secretive, evil, self serving Tory party do not deserve a place in modern politics, their time is over and good riddance to them.
Considering the Brexit outlook, now would be a great time to consider obtaining impartial pension advice. See our website for more information: #Pension #Retirement #Pension #Brexit #BrexitOutlook #BrexitBritain #PensionAdvice
MPs plan Commons vote to rule out 'no deal' Brexit - and to allow MPs from all parties to draw up an alternative to Theresa May's deal
How about best of three, Stephen. Or maybe five? Man, life must be tough when you have to resort to playing the luvvie card because the plebs didn't vote the same way as you. Still, Remainers gotta remain, right?
We need a #Brexit outcome that doesn't adversely affect our ability to trade with the EU to help us build a more #GlobalNorthEast Read more about our #StrongerNorthEast 2019 here Thanks for your support #growyourinfluence
Ian are you a lazy fuck or do you not get invited on news shows deliberately by the MSM?i need to see your mush on the press reviews, politics live etc as much as that 'No tax Chloe'who's permanently invited, You are the best i know, and i watch everything political about brexit
We have to accept the result of GE or now can we contest these &amp; ask until we get the result we want ?? There has been two votes re Brexit &amp; both times it was voted for , respect the result . By the way I voted remain
to make from Brexit
will oversee multi£10bns pa losses to virtually every single economic sector under - with close links to Fox’s work at DfIT, which will result in loss of rights for UK cos to nearly all existing pref trade access to EU &amp; RoW. UK cos face huge #Brexit barriers.
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Oh that is hilarious. Sack the bastard
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
New post (UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit) has been published on Parsian English News -
When will you start telling people the truth about Brexit
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit‘ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal‘ via
By shaping, Mr Boles means sabotaging. Conveniently forgets about his duty to implement manifesto and promises at last GE
HARD BREXIT IS THE ONLY OPTION.
#Brexit: How can #HR keep EU workers in the UK? via
As the largest Brexit supporter constituency Why arnt you standing up for us here like this ? Your continued #brexitbetrayal with Will hopefully cost your job if your not deselected prior to next GE Agree ?
Almost certainly NOT for a GE. That is of no interest to the EU27 and irrelevant to the #Brexit process. For a referendum, yes.
Well observed. He's in trouble if he thinks he has a chance right now. It's gonna be a MP's duckshoot. Some big disappointments for the †JC† crew just around the corner. Unless Lab ditch Corbyn and Brexit, in which case, it'll be a Lab landslide. #GTTO #FBPE #ofoc
Let alone the quota situation, no quotas in place means we have no legal way to stop countries dumping stuff on us, that threatens food, manufacturing and whole number of industries, inc safety. Lots of UK/African trade threatened too as tied to EU deals
Hermes prepares for Brexit via . So many leaving the City. Barely reported these days. Stop Brexit. Demand a #PeoplesVote #FBPE
Standing in front of the Houses of Parliament, pro- and anti-Brexit protestors in the background. Crowd still small but increasingly vocal. Tomorrow’s “meaningful vote” on the PM’s Brexit…
And then becomes #Brexit secretary. (I know Davis and Raab (Barclay, who he?) weren't and aren't and remain just idiots.)
by "fanatics" you mean "regular folks who realized #Brexit is a sham" right?
You have a mandate to deliver Brexit. Going against the electorate is not a wise move. Stop shifting the goal posts. Almost 500 MPs voted for Article 50 the default position is No Deal/WTO rules. No amount of re-jiggling your promises will cut it.
Have you had your Ready Brexit? #brexit
File under: Narcissistic Moron
Got. To. Move. Off. Sofa. To. Do. School. But the #Brexit catastrofuck is too entertaining.
What's the point in having an MP who was elected on an anti brexit ticket but doing sweet fa about it. Party before country My labour MP seems to apply. If he keeps going he will soon be the ex MP and will let the tory In again
Spare a thought.
WATCH: Theresa May says that no Brexit is more likely than no deal
secondly , says today that now is the time to reject the current deal (which he wrote as Brexit secretary) and get a better deal. but i think when he was Brexit secretary was probably a better time to get a good deal. why should we listen to him?
#Brexit It is time for Erazer May, to take up her yellow vest and resign. We do not want a deal that puts our security at risk and tied to the EU indeffinitely. The EU is a blood sucking system created by Nazism, to suck the blood out of Europe.
Wouldn't call it a scam. Clearly trying to help May but it's no addendum, simply a statement of good faith. And in the current circumstances #Brexit , it'd be hard to see how that would be acceptable to any side in Westminster
For ordinary citizens like me, the one thing which is sacred and cannot be taken from us in a democratic society is our vote! It is all we have to change things. only way to have our say. We had our say in 2016 and want Brexit implemented. We decided not our MPs.
And here’s the last-minute letter from #Juncker and #donaldtusk to #theresamay re the #WithdrawalAgreement for #brexit —
In $4K worth of clothes. Two days events: $9K of clothes. Brexit is coming.
Pregnant Labour MP to delay BIRTH of child so she can take part in tomorrow's crunch vote on May's Brexit deal
This 2019 already looks like “annus horribilis” in #EU: racism and anti-semitism are on the rise, political assassinations, terrorism, social discontent, and protests everywhere. And we are ONLY two weeks into this year...STILL coming: #Brexit and #EP2019 #Adamowicz #Poland
No..a no deal Brexit would be the end of his cushty pension and investments. It’s all to do with their money. They don’t give a shit how Brexit could be successful for us pondlife. Protecting themselves and every remainer has fallen for all the scare stories.
Final stages of #Brexit Withdrawal Bill debate LIVE 3.30pm battle of words expected delivers statement
'ere give me a knighthood and I'll post all the pro-Brexit shite you want. I believe that's how it works now?
I wonder how many of the people who say Brexit wasn’t fueled by white nationalism and xenophobia are actually personally impacted by white nationalism and xenophobia? I’ve only seen two, across all my social media, but their M.O. is to be contrarian anyway.
This season of "My Brexit Unicorn" is starting to get repetitive.
Oh dear Mr Boulton won’t like that, especially as he had positioned himself so you could see all the EU flags on display behind him.
Is brexit box a sequel to bird box set in the UK?
You need to change your profile pic. It says Labour in the background
"We all have a duty to implement result of the referendum.." May says without irony. It's "her deal or remain in EU"..Her deal is &amp; was always about remaining in the EU! "Brexit is in peril" Yes, it was in peril the day British people asked a remain Tory PM to negotiate our exit.
We are all guilty of it in one way or another. Subjects like Football and Brexit are very divisive and people tend to be very opinionated on both.
Wonderland here we come!
If we somehow end up not having Brexit, I couldn't care less how many leave voters it pisses off
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'! One word - traitor
Life stories, politics, inspiration and hope. Get yourself a ticket for with in #Birmingham 27th Jan 2019 Tickets: #politics #Brexit #lifestories #Russia #SkripalAffair #Corbyn #Blair #Ireland #Socialism #Palestine
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’
How do they have jobs?
"Construction industry no-deal Brexit concerns can't be ignored" - McGuigan
If Neil Warnock gets the tin over comments regarding Brexit then it’s almost too funny to actually be funny
Must say it’s brave of you to announce this considering that course of action goes against everything your party has agreed to do. I am a Labour member, you are letting me down.
Uh-oh. A walking holiday in Wales is seeming more and more likely. Some softening-up of the ground, here? #Brexit #GE2019 #BrexitShambles #MeaningfulVote #RevokeA50 or call a #PeoplesVote!
There's no time for any negotiations. The deal is fantastic. EU gave UK in that deal toooo much and UK CAN'T ask for smth more. Take the deal &amp; finally Leave. OR Leave without a deal and destroy economy and UK's unity. OR Delay Brexit by second referendum.
From my position No deal would be worse than no Brexit.
The Brexit ref was advisory...not the same as a GE. We don't know for sure, we can't...what I would say is that the govt voices calling for Brexit are at best dishonest and I tend to trust voices outside of govt...opinion is that Brexit won't improve what we've got now.
It was Sid but you can’t ignore 17.4m people. Unfortunately we are danger of ignoring any of the wishes of the 16.1 million other Britain’s who voted to remain!! No deal Brexit is the only thing that needs avoiding now.
BBC News online laughingly describes Dominic Raab as having 'helped to negotiate' Theresa May's Withdrawal deal - as if Theresa May took a blind bit of notice of anything her Brexit Ministers had to say. She appointed them to ignore them.
Free data available on #UK research output, growth, impact, collaboration, mobility on Elsevier #Brexit Resource Center
And why would any Remainer prefer a GE anyway if Labour's 'alternative' is still Brexit?!? Your definition of sane is a bit squiffy too...
If only such Labour MPs put so much effort into the last general election we might not have had brexit. A peoples vote will not resolve whats behind brexit, even if we remain. Whilst I respect the effort here he should do the same for an election, this gov should not be in power.
Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position' #football #soccer
Anti brexit Queen, if only you had the power to stop all this madness !! secondreferendumparty neighbourhoodstore_shoreham stopbrexitnow @ Chocolatician
LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Drops On China Gloom, Brexit-vote Jitters
Rich, can we move brexit (well, it’s not even an ‘it’ anymore), so, can we move brex to a field near you so you can ceremonially stone it to death in a ceremonial stoning on your own private choice, privately, and then announce it on a RHLSTP sometime around midnight before April
Pump Technology Ltd. is stockpiling products as part of its Brexit preparation. Are you concerned about potential impacts Brexit could have on your business?:
UK is in our prayers here in USA. May was a fishy pick for the Brexit work imho. Hope whatever is best for the good citizens of uk comes out of the mess. I hope London gets a new and better mayor someday!
"Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position'"... Or even quite a few of the club's supporters given how close the vote was in Wales.. Keeping politics and football separate when you are a "Manager" might be the sensible approach?
Useful perspective and illustrative that the word chaos is not an exaggeration in describing this process. If this were professionally run, we would need analysis of impact on every sector and mitigation in place.
Government has astonishing record of fighting demands to meet legal obligations
Brexit is coming because your moronic govt decided to do it as per the wishes of the public. What Meghan has to do with that I don't know. ?
What about the break up of the Soviet Union, Jurgen? A Krout slagging off Brexit - fuck off!
Considering that it would take the government legislation to cancel Brexit is she saying that she would cancel Brexit if her deal is rejected or that her government would be ousted &amp; the new government would cancel Brexit?
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
It was nothing to do with the Prime Minister of course. She refuses to go away no matter how much she fails at everything.
Fact but that’s your goal I fear
Does Brexit mean leaving the single market and customs union? #brexit
TransferWise: Applying for a payment institutions to prepare for a ‘no deal’ Brexit via News In Shorts #news #FinTechInShorts #partnerships #fintech #funding #corebanking #corebanking
Sadly it seems you are joining the Rod Liddle line of journalism just to garner attention. Well done. If that is your new avenue to get clicks then see your reputation as a well informed source on Brexit and excellent editor of go up in smoke.
Must be pretty boring being a ScotPol journo. No Ruthie photo ops, no-one really interested in the Scot angle on Brexit, Michelle Mone seems to have gone quiet. It's either SNP Civil War or Andy Murray is good boy articles for the next few weeks
Don’t think anyone knows what is going to happen tomorrow #Brexit
The Brexit brigade.
Did Speth cause the economic slowdown in China,the campaign against diesels and brexit?
Why isn't anyone blaming Mrs May for this mess..? Its her negotiation ,she agreed the backstop in Dec 2017 . EU aren't going to change a legally binding agreement that they and our wonderful PM agreed . or betray the Irish and the GFA . shes incompetent but they're not #Brexit
Brexit that.
In fairness -- apart from one or two exceptions -- the political system here has conducted itself with a lot of maturity on Brexit. That needs to continue until the ship gets safely into port.
They misspelled "patriots".
The Labour 'plan' is no better than the deal we currently enjoy by being in the EU. If they say there's is better than May's they are lying - just like May! I'm Labour and I'm furious with the leadership over Brexit! #PeoplesVote NOW! UK before Party.
It's the END OF THE WORLD! Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes'
Does anyone know if no-deal Brexit means the return of duty free?
It's too late.. the rest of Parliment are fighting not for what they can do for the country but to keep their jobs. All are afraid of what the media will say, and few are brave enough to stand up for the good of the UK .
hmm - I think Brexit it part political - but maybe Brexit shenanigans are not - and people are equally bored of the politicking around it all. Also Brexit is drowning out all other topics...
I'm fed up of people like and trying to scare people into thinking the only option is this piss poor deal. Why can't any politicians answer a question honestly and openly instead of spreading a web of lies and waffle.
Tough call. Poor deal v no deal v no Brexit. If the deal is going through there's certainly a couple of things I'd like to change.
In comparing Brexit to Welsh devolution, Theresa May was wrong on two counts Not only did the Prime Minister lie, but the winners of the Welsh Assembly referendum worked hard to build a “loser’s consent”. I teach a postgraduate module at Cardiff Univer…
#Brexit means #Brexit ? (He could totally say that .. couldn’t he ?)
And there it is, one of the more inevitable results of this madness.
The Secret Civil Servant: The ultimate Brexit phrasebook Cliff-edge no deal: possibly the most exciting option available to the Brexit adventurer. As is often the case, one of the first casualties of any great political upheaval is the English language…
Brussels pushes to scrap national vetoes on taxation #Brexit #BrexitMeansBrexit #NEXIT
In search of lost Brexit: how the UK repeatedly weakened its own negotiating position In this long read, Charles Grant, director of the Centre for European Reform examines the avoidable errors Britain made during its negotiations with the EU. In 2018 t…
New post (PM Still Flogging Her Dead Brexit Deal!) has been published on RETWEET and help us beat the mainstream media! -
So good to see Peter Wilding joining your team who I am sure will help guide your clients through this Brexit conundrum.
YOU contested your seat under the Conservative manifesto which promised to honour the referendum result &amp; deliver Brexit. Or were you lying to your constituents?
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers #moneynews
There is no such thing as a good Brexit. #NoBrexitatall
Brexit is getting closer. It’s almost like imagining what it might be like to live on death row - doom and disaster getting closer. Please. We need. To have final say now. . #PeoplesVoteNow #FinalSay
Brexit: How would no deal affect UK citizens in the EU?
Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position' BBC Football
Typical leftists. the UK wants to free themselves from the tyranny of the EU and they call them zealots? Wow, "by any means necessary" with these leftist, socialist, progressives is a reality.
Many thanks to for having me along to chat about something not to do with Brexit!
If any politician forms a group promoting WTO brexit I will support it, anything else your wasting your time
The PM's changing position is hard to keep up with: No Deal is better than a bad deal. A bad deal is better than no deal. A bad deal is better than no Brexit. Now she complains that Parliament is taking over and saying, No Brexit is better than no deal.
There is a woman outside the Houses of parliament shouting "No Brexit!!" She has an incredible set of lungs and a vocal acuity and power that is absolutely astounding, like her voice left her body and took flight on its own, carried long and far. Whoever you are, you've talent.
Discovery applies for Netherlands channel licences ahead of Brexit – Digital TV Europe #FBPE #RevokeA50
Not against 'us' against removing the Tories as a first priority, the current result of the poll is quite telling, with more than 50% thinking vote leave worse than Windrush and Grenfell combined. Priorities. Remove the tories and then something can be done abour Brexit
Jeremy Clarkson Slams “Coffin Dodging Idiots” Who Voted Brexit via
Brexit dad porn search: BUTCH LESBO LIKKIN STAMPS WIV QUEENZ HEAD ON IT
Really good of May to publicise this - you could almost think she did it on purpose to help sabotage Brexit.
What does "no brexit" mean.? I hope you realise that if you cancel the outcome of the 2016 referendum you are committing political suicide and starting a civil war all in one go.
Brexit is a dead duck : )
No deal Brexit would mean a 3% contraction in UK ad spend with TV spend to be hardest hit, says via
YOUR DAILY BREXIT – Monday 14th January 2019
Britain doesn't want to be saved from Brexit. The way out of the crisis is to bring exit.
Just a reminder that setting fire to the country is what’s required to keep the faith in politians : BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
I not know China pay . Thought only pay to support #Brexit
In a weird way, a totally mental Brexit in which everything goes to pot, is possibly likely to lead to us applying to rejoin - and with that comes Schengen and the Euro...one upside from a No Deal Brexit....
Cardiff City: Warnock’s Brexit comments do not represent the club
The real Brexit Bulletin
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal
If they are, then bang goes democracy. I would be disgusted!!Who the hell do the commons think they are? If that happens we should throw out the entire govt
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
The patriotic ones who don't want economic devastation want to delay or stop Brexit. The ERG with all their wealth offshore don't care a fig.
#Brexit the idea that the backstop wouldn't come in to play is just nuts. It would take years to do an FTA with the EU that DOESN'T tie us in to the regulations we are trying to escape from.
Yes , left out ‘ some of’ by mistake. Failed to mention OECD Prediction of same for 2019. IFS describe growth figures and OBR forecasts as dreadful. Brexit dividend eh?
hmm - I think Brexit is party political - but maybe Brexit shenanigans are not - and people are equally bored of the politicking around it all. Also Brexit is drowning out all other topics...
Coming to a cinema near you soon: "Despicable May"
I cant wait for there to be an election after brexit to get rid of a load of MPs
Nothing to do with his "prize" he has been gifted then ???
Second that!
And non-idiots who'd prefer not to give away their rights, NHS and money which is what Brexit will achieve
You simply cannot afford to be that obtuse. Even the most optimistic assessment of post -Brexit economic performance consigns the UK to significantly reduced GDP, standard of living and employment prospects. It was obvious to anyone with a brain.
Except that he asked Gove to do it because he knew Brexit was a dead horse...
There needs to some kind of test applied by journalists. Just as the BBC has conceded that it should no longer i/v Nigel Lawson about Climate Change so there should be a similar test on other subjects. Sadly most of the Leave politicians would fail any reasonable test on Brexit.
He's absolutely right, those in the corridors of power have no idea of the anger that exists out on the streets, &amp; the damage that will more than likely be inflicted on our democratic system if they betray the majority. They who play with fire will ultimately get burned...Badly!!
* bursts into Lords chamber, panting* #QTWTAIN
How the hell is this legal?.......May’s ‘deal’ IS NOT BREXIT!
Brexit on life support. Let's bury this bad idea once and for all.
Evidence of what means by taking control of UK borders! Disenfranchising U.K. born citizens, i.e. no control for them! Thrusting then into the front line of residential &amp; employment difficulties post Brexit. Government for the people? MP’s servants of? My arse
I so wish I’d had the genius idea of selling people basic groceries etc in case of the Brexitapocalype. Brexocalypse? Brexalypse? Anyway, don’t forget to buy toilet paper for your Brexalypse stockpile.
Amused to discover tech company antitrust fines go directly into the EU budget - I wonder how long it’ll be before another company is inevitably raked over the coals... Maybe Alphabet et al. can make up their Brexit-induced shortfall.
Theresa May's Brexit plans are like me in GCSE maths. You definitely know you don't have the right answer, so you write down as much as possible in the vague hope you'll get enough points for showing your working out to somehow save you.
Flatmate prepares for a no-deal Brexit #brexitvote
I’m so confused... he now looks for and cares for a positive vision? For the worker? The aspirational working Britain? Must be getting my Dominic Raabs mixed up?
Corbyn's Brexit Ambiguity "One Of The Great Mysteries Of The Universe"
How about NOT voting for the UK to be trapped in a vassal state and instead fight for a withdrawal which respects the citizens rights fully agreed late 2017, £39b to be settled by international court &amp; no hard border, promised by all sides, regardless.
Unfortunately May's threat of no Brexit is her last ditch act of emotional blackmail + fearmongering! May millions no longer trust you! WTO LEAVE only way
Rich, can we move brexit (well, it’s not even an ‘it’ anymore), so, can we move brex to a field near you so you can ceremonially stone it to death in a ceremonial stoning of your own private choice, privately, and then announce it on a RHLSTP sometime around midnight before April
The only deal Labour will accept is one to dissolve this Government and call a GE now!
Brexit was always going to be bigger than one party, cross party talks should have been started as soon as referendum date was set, and continued untill the result i.e leave or remain was delivered. Unfortunatly thats asking our mp's to use common sence
. The Coatings Industry strongly opposes a no deal Brexit. Our CEO discussed the impacts on on Monday morning, check it out at 34.5 mins. The BCF are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
it is an empty slogan like every single previous pro brexit slogans
Expert says Brexit campaign used data mined from Facebook Among the companies that had access to the data was AggregateIQ, a Canadian political consultant that did work for Vote Leave, the official campaign backing Britain’s withdrawal from the EU. fro…
Fox is wrong. There have been 110000 extra deaths per annum due to resource and staffing issues caused by Brexit. It's much worse than dunkirk. #NHSLove #NHS70
BREXIT? Is it happening? Are we headed for another election? As the politics churns on in the UK, businesses are preparing, but for what exactly? Tune in to #MarketplaceMorningReport Marketplace bbcworldservice as we watch an extraordinary week in Britain's history. — Anu A…
From A 25% drop in applications from EU citizens wanting to teach in England leads to increased recruitment fears #teacherrecruitment #Brexit
Like her butty , she is a liar.
The unmitigated ARROGANCE of these people. Britons held a vote #BREXIT Just do it. Britons don’t need a PM who won’t support them! Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via
“Measure twice, cut once.” A Brexit strategy. #JustSaying
What exactly is a general election going to change in brexit?
Have your say: What is the most likely outcome over Brexit?
The Brexit effect.
Brexit is gone. Only Remain is the memory of empty accounting offices for Russians and Europeans. Britain used to be GREAT. Now big news are what Meghan wears and the Queen is annoyed with Meghan's hat and more serous question: should I stay or should I go?
I've provided evidence, but you don't accept it applies to the current situation. We disagree, it's fine. However, you can't admit that you don't want a general election for reasons unrelated to Brexit, because any sane remainer can see that a PV needs the legitimacy of a GE.
All of #Scotland's media outlets (audio, visual, print) will no doubt have been issued with DND's #DoNotDiscuss orders for fear of further upsetting the union's #brexit applecart.. Their #SoundOfSilence speaks volumes!
If James Clerk Maxwell and Stephen Jay Gould could have sat down to talk about #Brexit, this is what they may have come up with.
Govt is expected to lose the #meaningfulvote tomorrow – but what are MPs' objections to the actual deal? A few thoughts below on four main criticisms of the deal – which show MPs still don't understand (willfully or otherwise) what #Brexit really means [1/12]
Vote Leave website still up Leave said we would get deal from EU giving us access to EFTA without obligations - 'project fear' to say otherwise After ref EU said 'non possible' 17.4m voted for WTO crap only started after that #Brexit moron
UK parliament continues #Brexit deal debate on the eve of the vote LIVE:
Hello from Bangladesh folks. My thoughts are on Brexit vote tomorrow. Let's get ready for JC4PM.
Where to begin with this eh? 680,000 issues at least
Yep, should have gotten rid of her day 1.
How it all looks to #Bolsover business
4: “There is no certainty on the future relationship”. No, there isn’t – the political declaration is vague and can mean whatever you want it to. This has always been the case: we’ve known since 2016 we’d be heading for a blind Brexit: [10/12]
So, if MPs vote down the deal, what do they want to change? The PM may seek changes to the backstop – but its core objective will not change. The choice will still be between (a version of) this deal, no deal and no Brexit – as the Govt has argued [11/12]
May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation
Vote against the deal if you want no Brexit, or a #nodeal crash out. But if you want the UK to leave the EU in an orderly fashion, this deal does that. Pretending there is some magically different deal, or more certainty on the future, is not realistic at this stage [12/12]
#Brexit The British people are in no mood to be blackmailed by either the EU OR this miserable failure as a PM. Voting against this foul "deal"/capitulation is voting to rid us of this useless twat in no.10.
Keep pressing...In the end it is the right and only place left for the people to go...
. Add CANNABIS to your health insurance please visit us: How Novus Cannabis MedPlan Works #cannabis
The article isn’t up to much, but it does have this nice picture of a Fully Prepped Brexit Dog.
'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
I'm unsure if you are aware, but we have regular general elections which give the opportunity for voters to change their minds. There was less time between the last two general elections than there has been since the Brexit referendum.
Styxhexenhammer666 - May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People via
Brexit or no Brexit. Crypto is coming up
Lord Lilley lists 30 'Brexit no-deal truths' to destroy 'apocalypse' myths
Boris also has unquestionably superior knowledge of water cannons and garden bridge construction along with the many other areas of expertise. More 'Boris knows more about .....' tweets are likely to regularly appear for some time I reckon. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BorisJohnson
"It's clear it's going to be voted down, it's a bad deal" says the man who negotiated the deal. #Brexit #NoDealNoProblem
Watching I really think we need to just accept the deal as really can’t deal with a no deal brexit!! #Brexit #SkyNews
Alternatively, he’s actually appraised the fallout of the vote and allowed the evidence to convince him that Brexit is a bloody rotten idea.
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers #BusinessNews
Oh yes Brexit fools...!
My dad a few weeks ago sent an email to Sharon Hodgson explaining that Brexit means Brexit and she’s sent a 3 page House of Commons stamped letter back to him this morning hahahahahaahah creased
We don't have 17.5 million fascists unless your view is from the left of Stalin as a nation we voted to leave and we are leaving on the 29th all you hear is noise
Btw, you are not British? Assuming this as you consider yourself as a one for whom brexit has no relevance.
"I cannot, in all conscience, support the government's position when it is clear this deal would be detrimental to our nation's interests" Gareth Johnson - Tory Whip. For the millionth time, how is Brexit still happening and not classed as treason?
Block'g Brexit by Parliament wd be unthinkable. Shd these self serv'g MPs try this tactic &amp; defy the will of the British people, all hell will undoubtedly break loose creating far more chaos than that which has bn predicted by the fear monger'g Remainers of a NO Deal Brexit, IMO.
Portfolio manager Claire Shaw of discussed Brexit, the impact on financial markets and the pound on 'Wake Up to Money' and 'Today Programme'. Listen here and
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via
Revealed: the dirty secrets of the DUP’s ‘dark money’ Brexit donor | openDemocracy
This s#*tshow #Brexit is proving to be an effective #procrastination tool #mustwriteassignment #mustputphonedown #muststoplookingattwitter
"A mature Democracy" is (leads to) anarchy eg chaos. Isn't Brexit a good example of what the classical Greek philosophers meant with the above statement? Thinking out loud.
Dreadfully convenient?
Loo roll might be in short supply after Brexit say the Confederation of Paper Industries. Make your own jokes.
It amazing that both governments of 2 of these most important countries are in state of disarray &amp; chaos the United Kingdom where I am via #Brexit &amp; the United States via the #GovernmentShutdown.
Tweaks only without redrawing red lines. Bigger changes to the Brexit deal if they are redrawn
Expert says Brexit campaign used data mined from Facebook Among the companies that had access to the data was AggregateIQ, a Canadian political consultant that did work for Vote Leave, the official campaign backing Britain’s withdrawal from the EU. fro…
It's worrying how few are preparing for #Brexit - the challenge is what do you prepare for? All the scenarios or the one you think most likely .... it's a minefield for #construction
... this one is a little bit cray-cray. #LBC #Brexit #Trump
#BridgetPhillipson...another #Labour #MP ignoring the will of the good people of #Gateshead. Shame on you. #WithdrawalAgreement #Brexit
NI doesn’t really have a functioning modern economy. Only 65% or so of GDP is produced in NI. Much cash is generated elsewhere and disbursed by local satraps. Accountability is weak. Throw in the DUP’s hard Brexit fetish and who funded them. It is a mess.
The political classes are manoeuvring to block Brexit. Voters' faith in our democracy may never recover
#LordsQs asks Gardiner to put forward Govt amendt to #AgricultureBill to guarantee post-#Brexit commitment to same animal welfare &amp; environmental standards as now
The death throws of the SMSM before our very eyes!
He will never forgive you. Never forgive, never forgive, bloody expect us ! #Brexit in full. Respect Democracy OR Face FURY
"You're the guy with the job specifically to deliver Brexit" *man resigns* "Okay you're the new guy with the job specifically to deliver Brexit" *man resigns* "Okay I'll appoint a puppet and deliver Brexit myself. Your job Mr Whip is to convince people to vo-" *man resigns* "Oh."
LIVE: UK parliament discusses #Brexit ahead of major vote (VIDEO)
No Brexit is politically a disaster from which *Liam Fox* might not recover UK looks like it will breathe a collective sigh of relief according to the latest poll of polls We need to find out what the public think with a #PeoplesVote on Mrs May's Deal
He could have negotiated a better Brexit deal than you.
The fall in new car sales, job cuts &amp; car giants shutting down for a few weeks isn't about #Brexit, it's more about the government punishing those of us that drive diesels &amp; are being punished through our pockets through taxation. #projectfear
Due to recession and we then recovered some of its value, brexit made the pound fall more. No deal brexit would mean mass shortages of many products and high inflation, both horrible situations. Brexiteers fucked off shortly after the vote...
Port of Dunkirk increases overall throughput despite pre-Brexit uncertainty #brexit
Leave voters would be ecstatic if each politicians position on BREXIT was based on how their constituents voted. Given that 7 out of 10 Conservative seats, and 6 out of 10 Labour seats voted Leave.
I have sons and a family and the last thing I want to see is violence erupt over our country but try as I may I can't see how it can be avoided because of the appalling way government is ignoring the people and democracy. Every dirty trick is being used to prevent brexit.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via . delighted to sign
Is there no anti-Brexit propagandist drivel to which this wretched travesty of a BBC will not stoop?
3). Goes without saying that you are referring to the now diminished citizens rights, which deprive British citizens of freedom of movement - i.e. I will have rights post-Brexit in NL, but if I want to move elsewhere in Europe, tough shit
Three key events deserved of your attention this week. #Brexit #SyriaWithdrawal #CentralAfricanRep #Russia
Field resigned the whip in August..... He is not a Labour MP
Britain doesn't want to be saved from Brexit. The way out of the crisis is to get on with the exit.
Send her to The Tower!
But to every politician and pundit only MONEY matters!
When she could, honourably, explain to the country that despite her utmost efforts, no type of Brexit is deliverable in the timescale other than the calamitous no-deal, and that Brexit is in fact, bad for the UK, only half of which voted to leave. She can then stop Brexit.
The #Brexit Political Declaration outlines a possible framework for the future relationship between EU &amp; United Kingdom. Called a ‘political declaration’ to emphasise the fact that it isn’t a legal declaration. See also entry: ‘Not worth the paper it’s printed on’.”
'He could sort out Brexit': Fans in awe of Andy Murray's display at Australian Open: Andy Murray showed the will and determination that has defined his entire career despite losing to Roberto Bautista Agut on Monday morning. F..
On the evidence of #Brexit and the obvious incompetence of the ruling class- I’d say many of us know more about politics? Elite education and a silver spoon in your mouth does not equate to intelligence.
The thing is it should be scared. No deal will ruin the UK. No country can survive without trading with its neighbours. The politicians know this. Some want brexit anyway, for personal profit, others are scared of being voted out. Brexit is bad for the country &amp; should be stopped
A no deal scenario then pulling the independence trigger would be perfect. But regardless of the Brexit outcome it will historically be the best backdrop ever to take our independence back. This is not a time for fearties. I demand the SNP use the mandate.
Which ever Party that actually would give us FULL Brexit. If none, fuck em All, I’d abstain. Let’s see what happens on 29th March first though.
Watch: In Britain, the Brexit controversy is reaching a flashpoint, as an MP calls it a ‘fraud’
Suppose it beats Brexit headaches for a few day!
Enforcer in UK PM May’s Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal - CreaWorldNews -
It's not just Theresa Mays Brexit - Its the Tory Govt #brexit. Every one of the cabinet is behind this deal - don't forget that.
Like the Wall in US, UK people want Brexit and the Labour Party is using every lie to stop it.
The Coatings Industry strongly opposes a no deal Brexit. Our CEO discussed the impacts on on Monday morning, check it out at 34.5 mins. The BCF are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
#Brexit: a day before the big vote Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live | Politics | The Guardian
Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit: foreign minister
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal: UK attorney general
Govt Whistleblower: UK Prepared for ‘No Deal‘ Brexit, Scare Stories ‘Untrue‘ via
Today, German governing parties CDU and SPD came out stating they're open to extend UK membership. Also the Greens. Politicians in EU27 are becoming nervous about "no deal". Time for flexibility. #BREXIT
Because stupid people elected them.
You have a democratic mandate to shape Brexit within parameters determined by your manifesto - that was leave the CU and Single Market. If you want to move outside that you need a new manifesto, a new GE and a new mandate. But you haven't the guts for that.
lol seriously??? stick to footy lad...
Watch this space... we know what happened when Theresa May categorically said there would be no general election in 2017. #Article50 #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Yes the Brexit process has been an establishment stitch up from the start, they only accept democracy if it agrees with them and were determined to overturn the democratic vote from the very start! STAND UP FOR BREXIT AND DEMOCRACY, THEY GO HAND IN HAND!
The only option ? Its a ‘first‘ &amp; also a Tory offer Theresa May offer It is not a labour offer and you MUST realise that &amp; his team can/will effect a better outcome Please Kevin, don’t panic, get OUR party into power to effect the BEST outcome Vote down this deal
And no, you can't 'just go back in'. It requires agreement of the remaining 27 nations, some of whom are going to be really hacked off at the UK already. Honestly wonder what planet #Brexiters are on sometimes. #Brexitshambles
Why aren’t people in the UK calling the Brexit campaigners out for not mentioning the £39,000,000,000 that leaving the EU will cost as a minimum when they ran the Leave campaign in 2016?
Please serious question Can anyone after 3 years of this man's bullshit make any sense of why we should now go ahead with Brexit now?
Oh my god
I get something 'for brexit' every time I'm in Aldi.
Edward Leigh sold out for a privy council tag. Many others will leave parliament for their £ reward in other jobs at the end of this parliament. Don't expect much change in voting intent, The biggest mouths the biggest reward. #FBPE #Leave #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
Tonight at 9 pm IST on WION Gravitas with : The #Brexit endgame British parliament to vote on deal #BrexitVote Does have the votes? Is #Britain ready to exit #EuropeanUnion? Brexit: Deal or #NoDeal?
It IS her fault. She has tried to screw over the people with a web of never ending deceit and lies to covertly keep us tied to the EU ad infinitum!! Traitor of the highest order !!
"This is fine.." -
Similar to the Brexit referendum!
Yes, but some fields are specials. Politics, brexit etc you bring your oponion as a citizen, not as a football player. You have the right to makenyour opinion known. Greetings from Argentina
And so it begins... Cancel Brexit.
Labour MEPs ask Jeremy Corbyn to back second EU referendum
Please show the empirical evidence that no dodgy-deal causes damage to the U.K. economy. 17,4 million people will never forget who tried to block leaving the EU, without a vassal-Brino.
IMMANENTIZE THE ESCHATON!
I'm pretty sure that whatever happens with Brexit, UKIP will see a rise in support...
a second vote values everyone's vote equally, but with a rather more informed electorate... FFS
22 minutes. Narrated by Stephen Fry. The ORIGINAL "Project Fear" - "Sensible" Tory manipulation to counter "Extreme" Tory manipulation. Now we have a NEW "Project Fear" - "Scared" Tory manipulation to counter the "Threat" of a real alternative. #JC4PM2019
Preparing for the worst, Britons stockpile food in case Brexit causes shortages
As long as the govt remains steadfast in its constant promise that “no deal is better than a bad deal”, then a proper Brexit is already provided for in U.K. law. Parliament can’t stop that. Unless the govt betrays the people, we will get the proper clean Brexit we voted for.
Washington post is the worst. Cnn and msnbc are slowing taking #fakenewsmedia market share from them.
IMO that is the plan. That has always been the plan. Only the juveniles in Labour are unable to see this. Tories, whilst appearing to be like Boris, are rather cold operaters. Labour must get rid of an old man in his dotage and a bunch of Teenagers before a win with
I'm doing my utmost to ensure brexit's total failure
EU intervenes on Brexit deal on eve of historic UK vote
Your days are numbered
ask Bridget about that
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
When on I see the "Whats happening with #Brexit" article and all i expect to see when i click it is this :-
Klopp pulled a fly one with Neil over clyne. (Promised a loan deal then reneged). Now Warnock is voicing his support for brexit, as a sort of payback..thats what I reckon is happening here. Childish really. Daft too.
Would they use the same term to undo Obamacare? Me thinks so....
18 hours left to vote in this Sky News Poll
which way are you going to vote tomorrow in the brexit debate?
Prime Minister Theresa May is making a last-ditch attempt to persuade MPs to back her Brexit deal as Tuesday’s key Commons vote looms closer. #3NewsGH
"Positive, optimistic, alternative" is all very well but it’s time to go beyond that and actually write down a workable alternative against which decisions can be taken. Easy to say something else would be better, harder to actually work out what the something else should be.
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears Really, just buy some extra dried food, bottled water and bog roll every fucking week if you are that worried.
The growing levels of racist violence on our streets is a major worry. If we don't clamp down on this now, it will become even more difficult to attract foreign professionals to staff our NHS! #Brexit #Indyref2
Brexit CONSPIRACY: Boris Johnson warns the DEEP STATE'S great conspiracy will BACKFIRE
#Brexit Jesus wept! Our PM (allegedly a Christian) has turned in her desperation to FACEBOOK, the SM platform the #Brexiteers, those mendacious BOJOs,MoggERGersFarageUKIPers used to lie to &amp; manipulate us into voting for their #Frauderendum
Oh Neil
The only real deal on offer is the default WTO or No Deal if you like. May's deal is not Brexit and is Remain but under worse terms as a Vassal state.
One thing Brexit has done is highlighted that UK politics is massively littered with corruption - from expenses fiddling to blatant honours awards to side jobs with conflict of interest and failings to declare. Not just the Tories but across the board. Transparency needed.
Sick to the back teeth of all these bullshit politicians and this brexit bollocks. Clusterfuck is probably best way of describing it!
Our January 2019 #bookofthemonth is for all of us wondering how we ended up with #brexit “Echte Engländer: Britannien und der Brexit” by presents an overview of the most prominent political topic of the past weeks/months/years...
Can't believe that we are still debating various forms of #Brexit this close to the deadline. How inept our Government and our elected politicians are and have been. No wonder had to ask the public through a referendum.
Spent some of the weekend pondering my view on where we are on #Brexit . Put down some thoughts &amp; looked for whether these points were discussed with clarity &amp; detail. Could'nt find as much as I hoped. 9 main issues for me, Clarity, timescale, standards, divorce bill plus others.
There are only deep divisions in our society because of who is trying to ruin our country and make it WAR TORN like abroad, Look how London has become in these last few years, and you are saying change Brexit. Who will you HIDE behind?
Told you she'd sell out. Where's Farage? At least he got it.
For China, 2 per cent growth nightmare a real possibility this year via and - #SecularStagnation #China #USA #Europe #Brexit
Parliament's #Brexit strategy:
May threathening No Brexit is not about honouring the referendum. It is about losing votes in Tory seats where there was a majority to Leave and she fears a UKIP resurgence. The same issue that started this in the first place, party before country to the end.
Time is ticking! Pressure for a #Brexit deal agreement in tomorrow's #MeaningfulVote is mounting. Watch our live webcast on the 23rd of Jan &amp; will be considering implications &amp; progress plans for a no deal scenario #TimetoAct
If Brexit shows anything, it’s that the EU is a union you can leave. On the other hand, Ireland’s separation from a 800 year ‘union’ with England has been far more irksome, to say the least. This is also the point where your analogy crumbles.
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" (voted it in, but nobody could model it, algos needed are very complex and nothing gets it right)
This is because most of the people left who want Brexit are morons or racists or both.
If a second referendum is called and the people of the UK vote to #Leave for a second time fair enough so be it. However we should at least be given the opportunity to vote on something we now know the implications of and not the debacle that went before #Brexit
Why can't #MSM #FactCheck politicians claims? If politicians make false claims this should be exposed with follow-up reporting #facts and naming and shaming of politicians, instead of allowing unopposed #fact free claims on everything from #Brexit to #climatechange. #FactsMatter
Surely not?
Brexit: Theresa May admits EU letter may not go far enough via
But again , you've been caught lying (Welsh Assembly, BREXIT, Referendums, Windrush, Hostile Environment...etc etc etc whilst holding office in . Politicians have been jailed for less... RESIGN!!! #TreasonMay #TheresaMay #Welsh #Brexit #StopBrexit
MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE
12 good men
No deal -brexit.
I'm putting my personal opinions to one side, I'm just not having people claiming no brexit = death of democracy
My Brexit survival kit
Any MP now voting for any Brexit deal supports *incontrovertible law-breaking by Leave* (who have lost their appeals) &amp; which is under 11 investigations in 3 countries. We know, now. Code of Conduct point 5 should be shown to *every* Conservative and Labour MP. #RevokeA50
Your disillusionment seems to stem from a belief that Labour wish to stop Brexit. Policy is set by the membership, and this is from Labour's official website: * source *"Labour respects the result of the referendum, and Britain is leaving the EU"
Democracy is, not Brexit
Once a globalist always a globalist. I wonder what his net worth is since he left office
"Project Fear has gone from being a campaign tactic to a major manufacturing industry." Former Brexit Secretary says "alarmism" over Brexit is "unwarranted" - and he will vote against 's "bad deal".
feeling like a proud ma x
News Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’
is the king of irony! I mean, it's not like this was the deal he negotiated and worked on before quitting or anything.....#awks #Brexit
EU states urged to outline post-Brexit airline ownership rules #Travel Weekly #article via
Unless May delivers a real #Brexit, all that hard work is going to be lost. That’s the real tragedy of where she has brought us.
#inflation #SupremeCourt #SundayBrunch #10yearchallenge #Trump #TrueDetective #2008v2018 #MondayMotivaton #MomboAppSavings #NFFC #BREAKING #Brexit #FreshBreakfast #Travel #MeToo #FlyEaglesFly #GameofThronesSeason8 #English Fake molestation cases becomes epidemic
All self interest. No consideration for the Party, the Country or the people. Shame on them all.
Perhaps. I might well return to the theme for my article this weekend, depending on how events move. Not that I'm short of subject matter at the moment (though does the world really need another discussion of Brexit?)
That is the plan, a deep &amp; meanigful trade, customs &amp; regulatory agreement, but this can’t be agreed until after the UK actually exits, the backstop gives the necessary guarantee for the #GFA. Surely Dan knows the #brexit negotiation structure?
Zealots describe all of your viewers! We should be very afraid. Change a few letters and we get Zombies which more closely describe your sycophants.
Cameron spelt out the implications and the vote still went the way it did. I fully expected that there would be negotiations to ease our exit which would be left to politicians. They have let us down. The vote was to leave, what could be simpler?
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
OMFG, we're going to run out of toilet paper?! #brexit
New post on my blog: Seamus Fahy talks to RTE about impact of Brexit on the business
UK Parliament Discusses Brexit Ahead of Major Vote (VIDEO)
How long until the local media wise up and begin asking her policy questions? If she wants to be our MP, surely we have a right to know what she believes in. ? ? ?
[REUTERS] EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal: UK attorney general |
Our markets on tomorrow's Meaningful Vote in the House of Commons are now up at : #brexit #EU
Theresa May: MPs ‘have a duty’ to implement Brexit referendum result: UK prime minister warns rejection of her deal would lead to no Brexit, 'catastrophic harm' to people's faith in democracy. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Private new housing driving UK construction sector - data (via Passle) by #ons #greatbritain #UKhousing #construction #UPDATE #Brexit #newhome #building #Insights
Because a PV being nodded through without a public sanction by a parliament elected on a mandate to implement Brexit shoots parliamentary sovereignty between the eyes. Most remainers can see that a PV without a GE causes more problems than it can possibly solve.
#UE said to have rejected #UK amendment to place an end date on the backstops $GBP #Brexit
Hilarious. I think people need to just calm down and realise that brexit is the best thing for our country!
All The Ways Brexit Will Affect Women In The UK via
Lords debate report on possibility of post-Brexit UK-EU security treaty
there is more scare mongering now then before the referendum #Brexit
When I voted in the GE, I made it very clear to my MP that it was NOT a vote for brexit. I back my MP to make the best decision based on evidence and do her best to represent the needs and the rest of the constituancy.
Cable &amp; 1-week volatility by #forex $GLD #Brexit #GBPUSD $GBPUSD
I love him.
If the government had a bit of backbone there would be no need for a costly Brexit. They should just abandon it now!
The best Brexit of all, is no Brexit at all.
Wonder if she will have time to criticise her aunt Sheik Hasina who is destroying democracy in Bangladesh?
Self before country?
Oddly self-contradictory. You want Yorkshire to have the powers AND the funding? There'd be more power locally if you didn't have to go cap in hand for funding - if you weren't forced to hand over so much money to Westminster. #LowerTaxes
Surely if this asswipe thinks its good for the country, we should be moving in the opposite direction #colinwanker BBC Sport - Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position'
The choice between a deal or no deal is no choice at all. A #PeoplesVote is the only way forward.
MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE
Youre talking rubbish with
An empty threat. As the law stands, we Leave on 29 March. MPs cannot alter the law. Even if the Speaker improperly allowed this, she could prorogue Parliament. So she has the power to deliver a real Brexit. But would she do so or choose to delay/Remain?
UKIP: RT mikehookemmep: "We all have a duty to implement result of the referendum.." May says without irony. It's "her deal or remain in EU"..Her deal is &amp; was always about remaining in the EU! "Brexit is in peril" Yes, it was in peril the day British pe…
*Wonders if box would include his Belgian manufactured epilepsy drugs...
All three US main indices snap 5-session streak #EURUSD #UnitedStates #DowJones #Brexit
BREXIT - MP David Lammy: "Remain in the EU, give a second chance to deci... via
Not a chance The country voted to implement Brexit Thats what must happen If you think Brexit is more important than getting rid of the Tories That just tells me you are not struggling in your everyday to day life like the rest of us Or Your not a real supporter
The best thing about holding a referendum: it doesn't prevent holding another referendum. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Just one of the many articles over the Christmas period and before that all said the same thing. WA negotiations are done.
If the British parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what is plan B?
Been saying this a while now, provocateurs pretend to be from or support one cause/movement/party and cause divisions within and justification of external demonisation. Classic police state authoritarian tactics #COINTELPRO #Integrityinitiative #brexit #remain #leave
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Norway-style Brexit will not help the City, warns Lord Hill via
Please Lammy say something ~
If the British parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what is plan B?
The brilliant reminds an angry caller that the nasty MSM DOES cover a whole list of stuff it's accused of ignoring. Caller then claims a University INSTRUCTED its students how to vote on Brexit. Curiously refuses to name which one.
Incredibly Normal Day in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Well said Mike
The prime minister has re-written a speech about Brexit following criticism it was factually inaccurate. #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #FBPE
If the British parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what is plan B?
Listen to NSP Episode 14 - #Brexit | Cardi 'Off' The Set! | King Of RnB? | Moving to Ladies by #NeverSoberPodcast #np on #SoundCloud
If the British parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what is plan B?
At this point in the Brexit process, we should go from calling "Teresa May" to "Teresa Hasn't" :-)
Prime Minister Theresa May you have already breached the trust of the people including bribing the DUP, adopting Henry VIII powers, trashing the devolution settlement and misleading the House over the existence of Brexit reports. Next. #breachoftrust #withdrawalbill
(with all due respect) is the closest thing on this panel to a Black representative which tells it's own story re: media manipulation, but she is spot on, whereas the first speaker is the kind of person who is part of the #Brexit problem
God help us all!
I am so sorry to hear this, lost dreams and plans, for what a Brexit no one wants or knew they were getting.
MP for south rubble For weeks and weeks i have sent a number of tweets to my MP Seema Kennedy MP Member of Parliament for South Ribble, i have just been asking how will you vote in the brexit vote ( not one reply ) Thanks
The Brexit vote is tomorrow. Those of us who have traditionally looked to the Labour Party party to stop policies that will hurt the poor in this country. We’re fucked.
The UK’s cosmetics trade association has asserted that “cosmetic products will continue to be safe after Brexit”, following recent media coverage that suggested standards on safety for beauty may slip in the UK once it leaves the EU.
Forgot to add the car companies are manipulating the 'brexit' item because it is the diesel market that is collapsing but they are using it to suit. And how many EU companies RIGGED the pollution created by said vehicles ? Unless that was caused by the BREXIT issue as well !
Rebels hatch bill to delay Brexit
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal' #news #politics
I support a No Deal Brexit but not because I think it will bring the EU back to the table and we will get a better deal. The EU will not budge. Good. We leave and that's it. End of.
No brexit!
This, from the man who didn't know where Dover is.
If Lab supports public vote we’ll take no lectures from Tories about democracy -Thornberry /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit
The majority voted to leave endof... the assumption that people voted leave because they were uninformed is wrong , this country is being sucked under, people know this.. I voted remain by the way, but now I am not so sure I was right
As #Brexit discussions between the UK and the European Union continue in the lead up to 29 March, governance is a rolling agenda item for the Company Secretary and the Board of Directors of many companies as part of #corporategovernance reporting
Ah, the humour of Brexit. Good job we remainers get some laughs out of it.
Its all a conspiracy to rob us blind and weaken our North Atlantic strength #brexit #wall
EU 'to delay Brexit until JULY' to give PM time to get deal through Parliament. It's clear there is an organized effort across borders to deny British voters a true Brexit. Elites refuse to take NO for an answer.
Please serious question Can anyone after 3 years of this man's bullshit make any sense of why we should go ahead with Brexit now?
The silent majority in Britain want Parliament to get on with Brexit rather than launch a new referendum campaign, argues #OpenFuture
Tory whip resigns ahead of Brexit vote warning deal leaves UK "perpetually constrained" by EU
‘You don’t understand how politics works!’ – Esther McVey scraps with news host ...jeez, she is dense...
The latest The New Media Forum Daily! Thanks to #brexit #afp
I was a teenage werewolf, but now that I have reverted to my normal self I want a final say on May's Brexit deal. #FinalSayForAll #Brexit
Well, the 1st ref was based on wild speculations from both sides. Now the facts and possible terms of #brexit are on the table, so imho it would be fair to let the ppl vote based on these instead of the speculations, this time making an INFORMED and FINAL choice
someone translate this shit
Mendacious May lying again.....
It is said that on this day in 1963 Charles de Gaulle, then president of France but now more famous as an airport, first said “Non” to us joining the EEC, as the European Union then was. Did he know something? Wait for tomorrow. #EuropeanUnion #Brexit
Its not TMs #brexit - its the Tory Govt #Brexit brexit - every member of the Cabinet is supporting this shite. Lets remember that tomorrow
From supply chain to talent, which changes from Brexit could have the biggest impact on the TMT industry? Deloitte's User Friendly podcast explores. #podcast #Brexit
We have to. We are a nation of democrats-if we fail to carry out Brexit, we fail our forefathers and the future of this country.
Right to the point! And all those foreign agents have no intention to promote Brexit - meaning to liberate England from the shackles of the EU. As simple as that.
They haven’t negotiated a deal, this is what bugs me about you remainers. They have got a withdrawal and from 2019-2021 they will work towards a deal which is why most people know it’s a stitch up. Are you really so dumb? Remainers say people who voted for #brexit didnt
The latest The Ellie Stoneley Daily! Thanks to #brexit #iartg
And before anyone blames Brexit this has been coming along time, department stores are dead!
Most independent countries in the world have a smaller economy than the UK! What on earth are you talking about, #Brexit is entirely unrelated to your stories of power. It is about having an independent country that is not a region of a large economy.
Why on earth do they have a Labour seat, if it was a good Brexit deal it could be excused, but it is not a good deal. They are not voting for the good of the country they have another agenda. We don’t need their like, as Labour MP’s.
If MPs stop Brexit, Middle England could stage its biggest revolt in modern history via
Thought (and said) this for ages. Growing possibility. Will need A50 extension or rescind.
It pisses me off when MP's appear on Sky 'convinced' about the outcome of a 'no deal' Brexit and what it might mean, when the reality is, they just don't know, nobody does, not even the so called 'experts' who continually spout their doom and gloom scenarios.
Depressing to see Labour MP's propping up this Govt and voting to make people poorer. Brexit is not in the best interests of the UK.
The remain MPs who have never had a proper job in their entire lives or worked in business think No Deal Brexit would be a disaster. They haven’t got a clue. Oh and the organisations that said not joining the Euro would be a disaster agree too....
She’s such a sad case. Remember how she was going to tell Trump the ‘truth’. Useless lunt.
tory
There’s going to be no Brexit, is there.
What will happen with #Brexit? #mondaythoughts #Politics #crypto #bitcoin
Been saying this for years as I watch Govt depts appoint journos to senior Comms roles. I genuinely believe a large part of May's brexit &amp; Cameron's Referendum woes is linked to employing old school press office exeptionalist journos to run complex Comms operations.
Brexit impact hits #UK #business by 16 per cent, study finds
Thankyou. I will look at this frequently over the coming brexit weeks
May's deal is trap. No deal is better then May's deal, Walk away!
Sorry for politics but this is timely ahead of tomorrow’s Brexit vote. Swiss customs officers checking passports on a routine bus service from France. Despite free trade deal with EU, freedom of movement , lots of cash to Brussels.
Why didn’t she include cross party MPs as part of the initial negotiations for Brexit. We may then have something workable?
He's talking about the Tory party's fortunes
You attack all Leave supporters eg interrupt them, are condescending, facetious, aggressive, whereas you let Remainers say anything unchallenged. You asked some Lord 'if the public voted to put a bullet in their own head, should Parliament let them? (ed)', in the Brexit context!
May and her government might be even more stupid than the Trump administration--might.
Theresa May changed her Brexit speech because the Tories pledged to ignore a referendum result on the Welsh assembly in 2005.
clearly isn't totally with it in his old age #plonka
That betrayal is yours and u see a deal that does exactly that. It is betrayal no one voted for that deal! And now trying to blackmail the country through mps to vote for it. You are not fit to govern, inept,corrupt and a national disgrace
A disorderly no deal Brexit is the single biggest threat to SMEs that currently exists. It’s time more people listened to business and less to political wish-fulfilment. #bigbiznotphasedbybrexit
I wonder if I light the beacon will the EU come to our aid and the curse of Brexit be lifted? #kendal
Something to do with threatening the BBC by filling its executive corridors with ex-tory party suits and threatening to remove the license fee if they dare question anything from the pro-Brexiteers maybe?
Should MPs Vote To Pass The Withdrawal Agreement? This is a question that many are struggling with for the following reasons: #brexit What is the alternative? How long will it take to execute? Can the divisions in parliament be bridged by an acceptable…
I thought the EU failed to deliver,ps have you run your Brexit plan past the EU and have they agreed?
Short straddle in $FXE can't hurt: Profit target 50 cents. More on short straddles in my two books: $SPX $RUT $NDX #Euro #Brexit #options #optionstrading #trading #tastynation #books #ebooks #PISTA #books #tastytrade
If Brexit was a series of Blackadder this is who George would be............
As ex-Cabinet Minister you have to marvel at Esther McVey's ignorance of the technicalities of #NoDeal #Brexit. Makes you wonder if she also wastes her time buying curtains and cushions for a house she failed to buy when her purchase deal fell thru? #Tories #NoDeal=#NoTransition
Rather like Warnock’s approach: post-March 29, to hell with them all, football will be miles better. [Checks squad list, ownership, sponsors, oh..]
. MP for sale.
Yup. I like pizza, I dislike our MP, I loathe Brexit, but this is a weird way of getting publicity. Is it even legal to offer financial gain for writing to a politician?
MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE
You just lied on live TV! 50:43 is in no way equal. Do your job honestly!
Summary: never, never, never
Wish I was, as Brexit is ruining my business, lost another EU customer today. Now why do people resort to swearing when they lose an argument?
Alarming that proxy voting not available in such circs.
HEADLINES: UK leader mounts last-ditch bid to win Brexit deal backing
Do you understand the full implications of the UK having a substantial trade deficit with the EU? It's not something one can realistically promote as a brexit bonus...
This is how Tuesday's crunch Brexit vote will play out - and what happens if May loses
Tell you what: let the country decide: give the people a vote on Brexit and your Godawful deal OR call a general election. THAT is called democracy.
Which domestic policies are being delayed because of Brexit? I've updated my list from last week, thanks to colleagues and others. Sure there are more. Also interested in things that *are* still happening. RTs much apprec'd.
They will get what they desire. Democracy only in name buddy.
The Strange Passions of Brexit via
I voted Remain by post, as did my wife. I didn't get anything back saying it wasn't counted, but it does make me wonder now!
The problem of losers’ consent inherent in the UK drive to Brexit
Political editor Helen Catt has been to the House of Commons to explain how MPs will be voting over a Brexit deal.
Chuka, many were conned by the medicine stuges, but #NowWeKnow of the lies people were told. #brexit is a crime and what’s worse the govt is supporting it and Corbyn and top5 not willing to condemn. Good luck to all tomorrow. #stopBrexit
There's the proof
. why isn’t Brexit Inbetweeners available on Catch Up?? Young Leavers in full voice not run with your pushed narrative? Please put it up as it was a good show.
a bad deal he negotiated #BrexitVote
"Brexit is like graffiti. It hangs around in bus shelters, it sullies up the place. It lurks in stairwells and commuter trains threatening to rob you of your sanity." Me on Brexit Civil war and other analogies. via
The Brexit trolls are getting unsettled. It will surely get worse this week.
Classic straw man. A second referendum isn’t a rematch, it’s the logical democratic thing to do in light of what an absolute clusterfuck #brexit has turned out to be. If we still vote out at this stage, we deserve everything we get. No more arguments.
Ely residents asked for views on #Brexit
Right to the point! And all those foreign agents have no intention to promote Brexit - meaning to liberate England from the shackles of the EU. As simple as that.
Totally agree with this. It's the only way to Lance the Brexit boil, one way or another
Just called on Defra Minister to support farming unions by adding an amendment to Agriculture Bill making U.K. animal welfare &amp; environment standards a legal requirement for imports post Brexit
The will of the people: Scientific Studies and Research Centre in Northern Ireland will require the appropriate capacity and capability to deliver. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit #TheresaMay #Conservatives
Charlie the dog with his #Brexit stockpile. Photograph: Gareth Phillips for .
BCF CEO discussed the concerns of our industry in regards to a no deal Brexit on the program ‘wake up to money’ on Monday morning. (34.5 minutes) The BCF would be happy to discuss further with relevant media
2/3 Is May's deal really that bad? In Part 2 of 'Deadlock or Breakthrough?' explains why in some ways the deal is an impressive achievement + looks at why people voted #Brexit. Is it really the economy, stupid?
No speculation required. 'An Act to Reverse Brexit without a General Election Mandate Because We Haven't The Guts To Bring Down The Govt.' #ludicrouspopinjay
When i voted to leave i didn't vote for a deal with the EU, i voted to get out, as i suspect 17.4 million others did. The notion of a deal was to appease remainers. This amendment, if allowed, will stop what we voted for and a will be a betrayal of our Democratic vote.
UK’s default policy is to leave EU without deal if there is no agreement in parliament – minister
Brexit is not an end to Britain’s liaison with Europe. It’s just a new beginning | Dan Snow
NEIL WARNOCK BREXITER CONFIRMADO
Nothing is certain now. He could have been genuinely crazy. But if he knew what he was doing...egen Brexit divide is a piece of cake.
Essential A50 extension #brexit thread.
HEADLINES: If UK Parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what's Plan B?
DUP refuse to back May’s deal despite last-ditch plea and assurances from EU leaders /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
If Brexit is so damaging to UK then why is there extremely well educated MPs backing it? Why would they shoot themselves and the country and people in the foot. We are being kept in by bankers and MPs who are caring about themselves and lining their pockets. Democracy is dead.
£50 billion divorce bill, potential hard border in NI, no Brexit dividend, that the pound would drop by 15%, thousands of EU nurses would leave the NHS, the list goes on.
#EU said to have rejected #UK amendment to place an end date on the backstop This was part of a fresh amendment being touted in UK Parliament $GBP #Brexit
I didn’t mean just Nigel. I meant the whole of the Brexit supports who believed it. Let’s just hope we get our “bendy banana” back.
#MadMay &amp; Britain. Sad! #RemigrationNOW #Brexit #DrainTheSwamp Europe!
It means he’s gone deaf-that’s what-a man who keeps saying ECHR is an EU institution &amp; thinks “jobs first #Brexit “ is a thing has no interest in facts that conflict with his&amp;McCluskeys opinions.. Sorry but #Labour lost me over #Brexit.He’s a blinkered ideological disappointment
on putting her wishes above her constituents. #Sunderland #Brexit
He’s talking about his party’s social stances over the past 50 years I assume
I didnt vote on Brexit but looking at what's occurred since imo MPs have well and truly destroyed democracy None of them are fit for purpose
#Ministers defeated over no-deal Brexit
This will have to happen when May loses her vote tomorrow. #PeoplesVoteNow
the first line ... sleeping !
EU HAS REJECTED U.K CALLS TO ADD END-DATE TO BACKSTOP || PLAN WOULD SET DEC. 2021 END DATE TO IRISH BORDER BACKSTOP #brexit
. argues cleverly that 2nd referendum wd be against EU's short-term interests. But his call for EU to block 2nd ref misses the bigger picture - EU is diminished economically &amp; geopolitically by Brexit, Hence Putin &amp; Trump support it.
all for making sure short term impacts from a no deal brexit are nullified as much as possible But after how the EU leaders have treated us since the vote, and with what’s happening in places like France and Germany financially and socially Surely no gvt would rather us remain
No leave after Brexit for North Yorkshire Police:
Completely agree. There is going to be a real purge of MPs in the next election as a result of decisions made in Brexit.
honestly if anyone voted out in the brexit vote pls unfollow me.
The market is acting like Brexit won't happen - #RevokeArticle50 #ProjectHope #Rebuild -- #FBPE -
Its only 2 yrs since nearly 500 MPs voted to trigger Article 50. What are we saying stop brexit just because May is a incompetent fool and Parliament is full of bad loser undemocratic remainers that have done zero to help with leaving?.
Brexit Briefing on the Benn Amendment: "However...Conservative Brexiters who might have opposed her in the meaningful vote will not support a proposal to take “no deal” off the table. So the Benn amendment could be helpful to Mrs May" Politics. Always the numbers.
change is coming... don't fck up a clean brexit
Not interested in how many Tories have quit .... when we stop paying £13.5 billion taxpayers money every year for membership of EU then we might see a difference
Simply Brexit = Hate : Remain= Love
MP Code of Conduct point 5; we know incontrovertibly that #LeaveBroketheLaw, lost their appeals, &amp; is under 11 investigations in 3 countries; no MP should support Brexit, which was a vote in turpis causa. #RevokeArticle50
The people put them there to represent their interests not there own the majority of the people voted for Brexit and they should deliver it
Short straddle in $GLD: Profit target $1. More on short straddles in my two books: $SPX $RUT $NDX #Gold #Brexit #options #optionstrading #trading #tastynation #books #ebooks #PISTA #books #tastytrade
MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE || MAY SAID TO CONSIDER BACKING TORY MP AMENDMENT TO HER DEAL #brexit
Tulip Siddiq to delay BIRTH of her child to take part in Brexit vote #SM
Jeremy Corbyn on how Labour would negotiate Brexit: "The EU is well-known to be flexible"
George Soros raises donation to anti-Brexit Best for Britain group | Business | The Guardian
Nasty little twerp
Disagree. The interconnected nature of the EU is vital to global democracy. The EU is not punishing the UK, it is upholding its rules, that we helped set for 40+ years. I do however agree, that a negotiation you won’t walk away from is not a negotiation
And that's all brexit is doing now, you just need look at the language used by remain, the labels put casually on people simply for not agreeing. I live in a garrison town so I can certainly remember the bombings by the ira when I was a kid, not the same as your experience.
And May wants to cancel Brexit!
The issue has gone past just about Brexit, the political class always think they are better than working people. Brexit will just be the final straw. We can't just choose what democratic decisions we respect.
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ | Breitbart
MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE || MAY SAID TO CONSIDER BACKING TORY MP AMENDMENT TO HER DEAL
You know things have gone truly mental when Springsteen's guitarist wades in on Brexit...
And just who in hell do you think you are Mr Greive, the enemy of the people?
Also, Gammon refers to someone getting all fuming about Brexit not being delivered &amp; who talks the usual bollox about things they don’t really have a clue about....
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal #europenews
New post (Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve) has been published on NUS -
Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
By far the best speech on Brexit that I have heard from a politician. Lammy for PM!
Brexit and MP casework:
As a former Cabinet Minister you have to marvel at Esther McVey's ignorance of the technicalities of No Deal #Brexit. Makes you wonder if she also wastes her time buying curtains and cushions for a house she failed to purchase when the sales deal fell thru?
I'm curious about who exactly comprises this "deep state" and what exactly they're conspiring to do. As far as I can see the people with all the power are still madly ploughing on towards the cliff edge.
Absolute state of it, just had an anti #Brexit advert on , would really appreciate it if you didn’t have politically motivated ads on your platform, no wonder it’s dying #FuckOffTories
Everyone keeps crapping I’m Theresa May’s deal but no one has given us their idea of what would be a better deal. Either come up with your own deal or stop messing with the current one #brexit #brexitmeansbrexit
Labour's model of Brexit seems to be based on 'protecting employment / environmental rights'. Ignoring the sovereignty aspects, is it a safe assumption that this is a one-way ratchet? Might not any deal they agree based on identical standards force them into lowering UK ones?
BREXIT: What the hell's going on, exactly? /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
I would like #MarieKondo to clean up the mess. Hold Theresa May and Boris to her chest - does this bring you joy? Hold Brexit to my chest - does it bring you joy? NO IT DOESN'T BRING ME JOY MARIE. Then throw it away....
Agree.
So many leaving the City. Brexit is destroying the heart of the economy. It needs to be stopped fast. #FBPE
Raab urges rejection of May's deal via #brexit #moggmentum #wtobrexit #remoaners #nodealnoproblem
abcnews: British Prime Minister Theresa May has implored politicians to support her floundering Brexit deal
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers | Politics
No Brexit is "politically a disaster from which my lamentable career might not recover". Bring it on. How much money has Disgraced Former Defence Secretary Liam Fox cost the UK with his repeated blunders?
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley | Opinion
How would that go? Year 0: Brexit yes, get out EU 4 years later: Stay out EU 4 years later: get in again 4 years later: stay in 4 years later: stay in 4 years later: get out 4 years later: get in
Seems even some Tories have more integrity than John Mann. Shame on anyone who votes for Theresa May's crappy deal. #BritainCanDoBetter
In today’s #Brexit news, , the ‘vicar’s daughter’, flat_out_lies to the entire country. Is this a thing, that by and large they are all liars?
May is pretty clear, the governments shocking deal, or remain. #brexit all but dead (which I feel was plan all along) I have no faith or trust left in the british political system. Lets hope I am wrong, and have to eat my words.
And I quote: "I’m proud of our unicorns and their entrepreneurial self-belief..." In reference to our tech sector, which largely indicated #Brexit uncertainty. A lot will depend on 3rd country status in relation to data. So Raab is talking about Unicorns that need Unicorns
"She's repeating familiar arguments to MPs" tells as Prime Minister Theresa May makes a last-ditch appeal for them to approve her Brexit plan tomorrow
When 70 % of the population back something (yellow vest protests) that really makes it mainstream, the same with Brexit. The left only call both these things "far right" because they are so far left.
According to you extreme right wing yobs as you call them voted to leave so they are leave voters &amp; members of the electorate. Do you often contradict yourself. #Brexit
The Brexit vote is tomorrow. Those of us who have traditionally looked to the Labour Party to stop policies that will do most damage to the poor in this country. We are well and truly FUCKED!!!
Or why they want our country to be ruled by unelected, unaccountable, drunken, bullying, arrogant foreign commissars whose ultimate aim is a post-democratic, totalitarian united states of Europe with a low-IQ population of useful idiots? WTO Brexit… Trade will sort itself out...
Perhaps a scarf knitting industry can keep us going post Brexit
Big #Brexit week ahead. No Deal remains a real possibility and I've set out here why is clear that No Deal simply doesn't work for #tech.
At Lord Adonis talk last Thursday heard the secretary of Watford Labour say local members support #Peoplesvote Watford Mayor &amp; Councillors support #PeoplesVote No Tory Councillors on Council But Tory MP on TV earlier today stating will Vote For Deal-Out of Touch
If you ever wonder why the tories are so keen to keep Scotland in the UK...
This Brexit thing's going well isn't it !
if this asswipe thinks we'll better out than in, there is only one answer, clueless senile old twat has lost the plot #colinwanker BBC Sport - Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position'
No not incorrect. Difference of opinion... The Tories are driving Brexit. What makes you think an other GE would be any different? Labour is doing far too much fence sitting (at the top) for to win a GE. They won't clearly win one unless they go against Brexit.
Absolutely right Nigel as 's deal is nothing other than treason IMHO
Yeah who even gives a shit, whatever mate
So the only answer Liam is a #PeoplesVote since MPs can't accept this duff a deal! Theresa May's Brexit deal unlikely to pass, says Liam Fox
"MPs still don't understand what Brexit really means". Barnstorming thread from .
I added a video to a playlist Dollar moves still key and a crucial week for Brexit ahead
Brexit news latest: Theresa May to warn Britain more likely to stay in the EU than leave under No Deal if MPs reject her plan
Why does Brexit not actually look like a good thing for the country? Am I missing something? Looks like it’s created a huge divide much as having a #TraitorTrump play President has for US. Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
HOW DARE THEY even think of NO BREXIT ? MP's really do live in their own LONDON BUBBLE ... This is what a NO BREXIT MEANS YOU DICKHEADS
Brexit.
Utter bollocks, we are in this shit because remainers are running the show. They are doing everything possible to stop BREXIT.
Some extended musings on the idea of Brand Scotland when it comes to Gin and some thoughts on the debate going on up there. That and some #Brexit chat. You know, because neither subject solicits much controversy or strong opinions so easy to wade in on...
ALL in favour of brexit? Simply not true.
When reality meets Brexit fantasy there can be only one winner. I actually think the dummies had more sense. At least they knew they were driving into a wall. #FBPE #blissfullIgnorance
Mr I'm so arrogant my version of brexit is the only one that matters, screw the 17.4m plebs that dared to vote leave and my colleagues. Boles the embodiment of why shy people voted leave. Out of touch!
just predicted in his analysis on that Brexit will not happen... too many saboteurs in Parlament
There's nothing to fear about a no deal Brexit, as top trade officials have told me ' | via
Write, write write write write, and then write again till they get the message!
Daddy what did you do to betray BREXIT? #PeoplesVote #FBPE
"No return to the borders of the past." This is the border of the future. And it's terrifying. #Brexit
Oh lordy lord lord..... you are gonna be a lord??
Thankfully Lord Hill talking some sense in response to assertions last week Norway-style Brexit will not help the City, warns Lord Hill via
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Out is the only way.
#Brexit means #Betsit: "Please gamble (our countries future) responsible."
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
And to add to our utter joy May is threatening with No Brexit! Who gave her instructions for that? Bring on the Raving Loony Party!
Don't know how you keep so cool, clear and level headed (and don't swear!) when faced with a No Deal Brexit ideologue, but hats off.
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan | Business
#Brexit pressure mounts on Corbyn as ANOTHER #Labour MP vows to back May's deal. IF IT COMES TO A GENERAL ELECTION THE ANSWER IS SIMPLE; PUT PARTY LOYALTY ASIDE AND ONLY VOTE A BREXIT SUPPORTING MP's
So much confusion!!!
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Are your company's traded goods affected by tariffs post-Brexit? The tariff-checker is live, and you can search it with free text:
As I understand it the spikes in "hate crime" we are seeing are not down to trump and brexit, but rather stem from the primative tribalism we see emerging today in all western societies. Everyone is part of a group, and they're all pitted...
Tory whip resigns ahead of Brexit vote warning deal leaves UK "perpetually constrained" by EU
There has been no description or fiscal report on after crashing out with No Deal Brexit. Blade Runner story I imagine#brexit
Traitor you ran away and now causing crap . Also The will of the people is LEAVE the EU . We voted for this on the Ballot paper not deal not Brexit . If our MPs stop this then will be loads of yellow vests on the streets of the U.K. land I will certanly join them unrest wil be!
DUP will get rid of May they are not scared of an Election May is .
'Real and present danger' via #remoaners #brexit #nodealnoproblem #wtobrexit people vs #parliament
Labour looking at THIRD place in a general election. Well done Jeremy.
So you want to undo Brexit because 'People who didn't vote' now want a say. This is a whole new level of wrong. Ciuld you be anymore anti democratic?. And you will be deselected at the very next opportunity. You disgusting traitor.
And you hide your reasons why behind a paywall? You are not "disappointing many in your party" but acting in direct opposition to agreed party policy. You are voting to remove me, a Lab Member &amp; former constituent of my rights to the future I had planned. This deal is reckless.
BREXIT: This is how Tuesday's crunch Brexit vote will play out - and what happens if May loses /#Brexit #PeoplesVote
There’s enough Tories rebelling to do some damage &amp; bring them down. If one waits till after #brexit is signed off the rebel Tories have no incentive to rebel. It is only before brexit that they have any reason to do so.
6 points down in the polls again v the Neanderthals in the Tory party. In the next GE you can’t hide your Brexit sympathies like you did last time. Remainders now know you won’t help so unless you support #PeoplesVote I’m afraid your probably going down with the ship
The point is is a hypocrite because the investors required that if Somerset Capital (JRM) wanted to manage their money it had to be by an EU domiciled business. The issue is that economic damage doesn't matter to the hard rich Brexit folk (or )
Is anyone shocked Warnock is pro brexit? He’s got gammon written all over him.
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’
"If UK Parliament Rejects May's Brexit Deal, What's Plan B?" by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT #leadership
English incomers like this distort my countrymen's views.
Media still trying to brainwash the sheeple
Theresa may's catchphrase surely?
Labour's increase was a vote for anti-austerity and against a hard brexit. Hope this helps.
People have ran out of patience of people attempting to disrupt the result of the democratic referendum. This is just more attempts to disrupt brexit. The only people who want a 2nd referendum are remainers who believe they can manipulate the outcome so that we remain.
Yes, the BBC and others misunderstood what a balanced debate means. You can't just bring some random guy in from the street to debate against someone who has been working with economy all his life. Brexit belongs to the fools.
As the day to vote on Brexit nears, chaos increases on several issues. India Today's explains the same. #ReporterDiary More Videos:
If you’re a Sociologist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Yes cancel Brexit
I said it over a year ago. There will be no Brexit.
It's the EU for goodness sake so not worth the paper it's written on then. Just look at what they've done to overturn referendums in a number of EU states. #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit
Focus! May is deranged, deluded and dangerous. With the help of Robbins she has surrendered to Barnier. This is not Brexit AND YOU KNOW IT!
Fantastic to see yet another young activist making the case for delivering on the biggest democratic mandate ever given to our useless set of supine politicians, I think is still recovering from his shock and horror over the fact that we exist!
The best Brexit survival kit is a highly liquid multi-million dollar fund, preferably in a tax haven, ready to make the most of falling UK asset prices. Everyone got one?
A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
I thought Warnock's typically thoughtful and considered views on Brexit summed up his football philosophy perfectly #THFC #COYS #fuckingignoramus
Dollar moves still key and a crucial week for Brexit ahead: via
Only the one Colin in Cardiff! The Guardian: Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit. via
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
CONDUCT &amp; ATTTITUDE TOWARDS MRS TERESA MAY UKPM BY UK CONSERVATIVE MP'S HAS BEEN A BLOODY DISGRACE?OBVIOUSLY CONSERVATIVES R NOT LIVING IN THE REAL WORLD OF UK CITS &amp; NOT WITNESSED THE EU LEANING FAR TOO HEAVILY ON UK 4 INCOME+ ACCOMMODATING IMMIGRANTS?ONLY BREXIT CAN STOPPIT?
This scenario would never happen though....if the 2016 result was the other way round we would not be contemplating a soft Brexit to appease all - it would have been at day one business as usual + extra EU and extra EU and.... #Brexit #GoWTO #NoDealNoProblem #LeaveMeansLeave
The situations shown in I, Daniel Blake are true - the film was really a documentary, albeit with fictitious characters. The Tories care for no-one except their own kind -our next job after stopping #Brexit is to get them out.
No surprises in these amendments, a mixture of meaningless claptrap together with every possible way they could think of betraying Brexit and the world’s oldest democracy.
She is anything but stupid and always gets her way. If all of her actions are consistent with the hypothesis then why not believe that this is a brilliantly orchestrated fiasco.
Great stuff from
short some #dow here on the pop. short some netflix on earnings later in week. Citi results were a miss-ish. China trade surplus, brexit vote tomorrow. dont see much good news... #daytrader
May's deal is not Brexit. May's deal actually prevents a real Brexit. That's why Remainers support it and leavers like Gareth are refusing to back it.
“The point about supply chains,” she explains, “is that the things you buy in the supermarket today were on the road last night. Supermarkets now don’t have warehouses full of stuff."
These MPs that are so sure about what Brexit means, when most of them have never even run a market stall, they have little on no business experience, and yet they are willing to ignore the British people on their 'feeling'. Disgrace!
Maybot another Kremlin puppet? Surely not?
Tories on brink: Historic split looms as Brexiteers and Remainers threaten to torpedo government via
"But why do Labour not oppose the Tories on Brexit"; "I wish we had an actual opposition"...
But when they are blue.....
New Rule: If you were born after 1945, you don't get to even **hint** at the concept of the second world war in your Brexit analogies.
No leave after Brexit for North Yorkshire Police:
Oh heavens, May knows Brexit is doomed. She's just trying to do the impossible, and waiting for everyone else to figure out it's impossible.
If you're suggesting May's deal is Brexit you are an idiot and should bugger off. WTO is what we voted for. If a BETTER deal is negotiated then fine but otherwise we Leave as if we had never joined.
*hands back journalism degree*
It's a bit of an overwhelming morning if you're following both #cdnpoli and #Brexit closely...
Well I’m sure you can get rid of them all after brexit. They’ve already got to reapply for citizenship because of the likes of Hopkins and rest of the lying, racists. Oh and don’t forget the Windrush generation. Happy now little Englander?
Well said Julia.
She won’t stand down for the simple reason that she wants to stuck to the EU.She looking out for herself,her own interest,who if they were serious about getting us out of the EU.Why come up with the deal she’s come up with,then blackmail MPs with vote for it or no brexit at all?.
Agent provocateurs, pretending to be from or supporting one cause/movement/party with intention to cause divisions within and justification for external demonisation. Classic police state authoritarian tactics #COINTELPRO #Integrityinitiative #brexit #remain #leave
Rearrange these words into a well-known phrase or saying: SINKING RAT SHIP LEAVES
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal #europenews
The come on people we need to get this to 60% remain and keep it there poll #PeoplesVote
Backstop 'neither politically nor economically sustainable' irritates the hell out of me. It's acceptable to 65% of NI voters. Apart from Norway or no Brexit show me an option that's more politically sustainable.
A whole new level of treachery.
Do you think there’s a viable road from here to No Brexit?
But Tory MPs in Cornwall don't care.....
What a great picture I have in my mind right now!
When Brexit makes you think Iraq seems a better place to live than the UK...
Plaid Cymru - Party of Wales leader Adam Price has said that there needs to be a much ‘greater co-operation’ between the Celtic nations regardless of Brexit. He was speaking last week at the Institute of...
Immediately withdraw the whip from Kevin Barron, a Theresa May glove puppet who wants to turn Britain into an #EU colony: run by the EU, but not in it and therefore not able to set the rules imposed on us. #ExpelKevinBarron #GTTO #JC4PM2019
The UK's Brexit deal leaves it no better than ex-Soviet states on its own road to vassaldom
Comedians still make jokes. There are still green grocers. TV has been incredible in the past 15 years. Police still exist (despite tory cuts) I drink in my friendly local every weekend. Where are you living and when were you born and how will Brexit improve your life?
jeremy, your socio-economic policies are brilliant, you stood in 2017 on a manifesto fully costed...without brexit Given that brexit outcomes model a 2 - 8% gdp fall, how can we afford them Does this not necessitate a remain stance otherwise accusations of lying are legitimate?
Well, tempers are getting frayed over here. If Brexit doesn’t happen, I think we might see something similar though maybe not on the same scale.
Trust? Them? He's having a laugh.
you know f**k all about Car Manufacturing..you lying scroat! I'm sure a CEO of a Car Firm is more than capable of making the correct decision to protect company investment and if that means bailing from the UK due to BREXIT then it's your own fault!!
The latest Read the Daily Corporate Brother X! #ausopen #brexit
Is there Brexit travel insurance? This is a serious question.
If #MPs do not deliver #Brexit they risk breaking the fragile contract between the #UK #Electorate and #Parliament.
Cult - yup, absolutely a cult. If by having my own mind and seeing utter tosh when I see it that’s a cult, then sign me up. Spare me your simplistic playground slaps and stick up for something - tell me what a jobs first Brexit is...
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal… #world
She may be anti-Brexit which is good, but she seems very naive. Against Scottish independence as she ‘opposes nationalism’, which is ridiculous (basically a BritNat) and she now uses the words of a racist scumbag. Poor.
Just when you thought Brexit couldn't get any worse and the BBC couldn't come up with any more ludicrous stories of the awful impact Brexit will have.
What a star! Articulate, passionate...and above all; he’s right! I salute you, sir
Seattle (WA) Times-Business: If UK Parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what's Plan B?
Seattle (WA) Times-Business: If UK Parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what's Plan B?
The EU wants us to reconsider Brexit. How can we, when the government won’t give us a second referendum? Over 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit | The Independent | #brexit #secondreferendum
Theresa May threatened that Brexit might not happen and everyone made the same joke
And the house of cards falls! Pushing through her crap deal is destroying the tories. Not that I’m crying in my coffee.
If only what she’d said was credible! She looks like a fool to everyone who’s read &amp; understands the WA &amp; no deal. Brexit = dire for UK cos: mountains of new red tape &amp; trade barriers; years till ready. Loss of rights to most existing pref trade access to RoW as well as EU.
Neil Warnock’s Brexit views ‘do not reflect Cardiff City position’
If MP's in the United Kingdom fail the people who voted on mass to leave the EU in the democratic vote we had then expect civil unrest that will possibly lead to civil war. #Brexit
Cancelled Brexit? Great!
Over two and a half years of campaigning and frustration by many of us adds up to more than 'inconvenience'. Now that key people are finally speaking out, can we please just end this swindle-ridden mess?
Let’s celebrate that
Give them airtime, just rip their bullshit to shreds.
Brexit means brexit
Granted, ECMT permits are only a drop in the ocean and will only cover a ridiculously small fraction of UK-EU transport needs, but at the level of a haulage company, it should be part of your Brexit contingency plan!
Do you want this here? Do you think you will get power? No one likes you! #ItsBorderSecurityStupid
Growth forecasts lost in the fog of Brexit via
More project fear. Wait a minute, where is this company based then? Ah, add them to the list along with Airbus, BMW and all the other european companies used in the purpose if threatening us over brexit #FuckThem
The latest The Creative Arts Wales Daily! Thanks to #brexit #employmentlaw
99.95% of students choose not to study/work in EU. 95% of NHS staff are not from EU. 93% of UK businesses do not export to the EU 93% of UK GDP is not generated from EU goods exports. 87% of UK GDP is not generated from all EU exports. 84% of Global GDP is outside the EU #brexit
May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation
Turns out there is a Brexit dividend after all!
By ‘we’ he means the Conservative Party and not the country as a whole, which will positively thrive from No Brexit.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal will allow men to turn back the clock on gender equality
Just one last word. I'm a remainer, but I believe in democracy. The people voted for Brexit, so be it!
Stop kidding yourself.4 million UKIP nutters is all brexit had to our systems weakness was exposed and abused.If you want to change the law, you elect the MP's to do it. You've had 30+ f'ing years to do so and you still can't manage more than a handful. Brexit is shit, hence dead
Brexit hasn't happened yet! The country is not paralysed its doing fine. The paralysis is in Westminster and being caused by remain MPs and their supporters acting against the will of the majority.
Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit
If you are correct it’s ironic that both a “softer” and “harder” Brexit might pass but not this in-between one. The harder one because if it had the payroll vote, the Brexiteer backbenchers (both Parties) and the DUP they would probably overcome the few Remainer Tory rebels.
NI voted remain. Scotland voted remain. The most comprehensive poll since the referendum shows all of Wales is now remain except Cardiff. England is now majority for remain. Brexit may not be a problem for you but it is an existential problem for the UK as it is now falling apart
"Mr Varadkar dismissed the idea of a time-limited backstop, saying it would not be worth the paper it is written on." (Nov. 5 2018)
Definitely, clarity is desperately needed on what the UKGs interpretation of the GFA is &amp; how this affects our rights &amp; entitlements, especially post Brexit.
*MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE #Brexit #GBPUSD #EURGBP
Impressively baffling stance from Warnock. Someone should've slowly removed the mics...
Translation: Theresa May is believed to be considering plan for Irish-North Irish border in order to win pro-leave support for a second Brexit vote.
News: Lords debate report on possibility of post-Brexit UK-EU security treaty, Lords debate Brexit: reciprocal healthcare report on Wednesay 16 January 2019
and Laura are in no position to criticize any organization let alone a legitimate news organization. Since journalism is nothing like their lie factor nation sensationalism
Our industry’s very real economic concerns in the event of a no deal Brexit was a topic of discussion on on Monday morning, discussed the impacts at 34.5 mins. We are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
Can you spare a minute to help gold dawn?
[starts panic stockpiling immediately]
J Corbyn 2017 9.6% Clem Attlee 1945 10.4%
Please listen to this Mr. Seely -the funniest thing yet about Brexit! and so persuasive. You are as outdated and off the mark as our 60's IOW MP, Mark Woodnut, who we replaced by a LbDem.
I wouldn't say that the NL has "sorted" Brexit in the sense it would be prepared for "no deal". At least its Court of Audit has been highly critical of the preparations:
Tom Brady claiming nobody believed in him &amp; the Pats is the same brand of nonsense that manifests as millionaire politicians maligning “elites” and playing the underdog man-of-the-people angle and ultimately leads to Trump and Brexit. You’re right to call it out!
Forwarding to some leavers with a platform but no political ambitions such as
I agree they may want to rip it up. As you know I believe there is a straight line from Brexit to the break up of the "united" Kingdom. Wales is far better in than out of the EU - perhaps they too will leave the UK - no point being part of it, unless it is part of the EU...
Everything from gas bills to the price of a bar of chocolate could be affected by #Brexit. If you want to know more about how leaving the #EU could affect your finances, then check out our money adviser Jane Clack's blog for to find out!
"Earlier this month the IDA asserted that Ireland has won more than 55 Brexit related investments, with the potential to create some 4,500 new jobs." #financeandeconomy #investments #financialservices
Please, please share and add tags if you can peeps #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50 #FBPE #GTTO
I’m really sorry to have to say I agree with Gary on this one I disagree with his view on Brexit but will defend to the hilt his right to speak Also, what training do career politicians (or Civil Servants) have that enables them to negotiate multi-billion £ commercial contracts?
Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit - foreign minister: -
May's Brexit deal, is a mixture of speculation, Tory self-interest, bribery &amp; threats of a No Deal. None of these are legitimate reasons for MP's to be harassed &amp; bullied into a yes vote when after 2 years all she has to offer are the choices akin to the ducking stool. #GTTO
Theresa May faces ‘no confidence’ vote if Brexit deal does not pass
Anyway. Derail into "May doesn't understand the internet and seems to think you can regulate it like 1970s bookstores" over. Back to Brexit.
You and other advisers time would be better spent elsewhere (perhaps in a brexit debate) than chasing commission within a month of completion. Seems to be a futile task prior to then - never increases speed of payment.
Not the ONLY "Stupid Woman" (or "Stupid Man") in the Tory Party. Admittedly, she might be either deluded or malicious. Not "stupid" at all. Look how many of "THE MANY" still, somehow, vote Tory. Sad, so sad, really sad. The saddest thing EVER. #JC4PM2019
I hope your wrong,as a remainer I think no deal v no brexit is the only way to resolve this as they are so diametrically different there can be no arguments about what people are voting for.
With a no deal Brexit in place?
#Brexit... Catholic church urges EU citizens to apply to settlement scheme
I know. If only we hadn't had a lazy "thick as mince"* charlatan in charge of the Brexit process for most of the time since the vote in 2016. Oh hang on. That was you, wasn't it? And * was what Dominic Cummings used to describe you, wasn't it?
Looking forward to this networking opportunity to hear what research is ongoing around mental health &amp; wellbeing, CEE community and #Brexit.
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal - UK attorney general: -
Now we know so much more about #Brexit. Here is a summary: so you can decide. #PeoplesVote
Brexit is the only way for Brits to reclaim their freedom, country, and identity.
Theresa May visited Stoke today. She took zero questions from local people, not even pre-agreed Qs. The speech was dry, fudged and simply dull. Honestly - this is fitting when considering her previous treatment of the area. #Stoke #Brexit
Sky News promising full coverage of the 'Brexit Crisis' followed by an on demand advert is the least appetising thing.
Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit: foreign minister
Enforcer in May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal: -
So in other words, better ruin the economy than destroy the Tory party. #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50 #FBPE
Macron, battering his own people. #GiletsJaunes #ActeIX #France #Paris #Brexit
Fears for supply chains as deadline looms for post-no-deal Brexit haulage permits
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
#On2ndThought One word BREXIT
I have no idea who the goodies and the baddies are now, where Brexit's concerned. There's Rees-Mogg and Johnson of course. But what the hell else is going on?
Depends on your Operational Definition of Democracy. There is not one, there are many, and all valid. Our democracy ceased to be fit for purpose sometime around 1960 to 1970, it is a stagnant mess and more cause of peoples disquiet than the EU. Brexit won't fix it.
This deal with the EU would actually prevent us from negitaiting trade deals with the rest of the world. Mays deal is not BREXIT
May's Brexit deal will crash us into a political iceberg and sink the UK
I really wish people like yourselves would stop telling me what I voted for? Just to be clear again for the umpteenth time... I voted to leave the EU! This means, the customs union &amp; single market thus ending the free movement of labour! Is that clear enough for you? #Brexit
Ahead of tomorrow's vote, here are 7 games that depict Brexit Britain.
If they really wanted us to stay, they'd give us our cake....and unicorns too...
HOOTENANNY!
"'....course, when I was #Brexit Secretary it was going brilliantly. Turns out Dover's quite near Calais you know. Too clever for 'em, I was. Better to run away &amp; carp from the sidelines instead. Eeh, you don't want to do it like that, missus...." #BrexitChaos #Raab
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote - Evening Standard
brexit is the only way forward
Bloomberg say May considering backing Murrison *MAY SAID TO CONSIDER BACKING TORY MP AMENDMENT TO HER DEAL *MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE *EU HAS REJECTED U.K. CALLS TO ADD END-DATE TO BACKSTOP *PLAN WOULD SET DEC. 2021 END DATE
, Mrs. May, if you have any integrity left you will call for another referendum. Many people were snowed by Farage &amp; Johnson &amp; the Big Red Bus &amp; now that more of the ramifications are known, people have changed their mind. Do the right thing.
Top 5 Things You Need To Know In Financial Markets, Monday 14TH January 2019. 2. U.S. Futures Point to Shaky Open 3. Citigroup Kicks Off 4Q Earnings Season 4. Oil Prices Tumble Amid China Slowdown Jitters 5. May Makes Final Plea Ahead of Brexit Vote
#Brexit - my constituency Tory MP Also a Treasury Whip Gareth Johnson, a fellow Whip, has just RESIGNED to vote against May's deal. Will YOU, Amanda? I voted Tory last year, despite being a Kipper, because I trusted your party to deliver a CLEAN, TRUE brexit
May's "triple lock trap" to sabotage Brexit revealed by whistle-blower
If we listen to then all remainers are violent thugs. Owen is a divisive little git. Do not listen to him. He is a stranger to logic, leaves straw men dead all over the place.
Listened to Dominic Grieve on this morning where his #neverendum would be a choice of either May's deal or no Brexit at all.... Wasn't keen on a #NoDealBrexit being a third choice. I wonder why? Afraid Joe public will vote to #LEAVE again?
What in the name of Gary is a “clean Brexit”? The country is still know wiser after 2.5 years?
The interview with Esther Mcvey clearly showed your bias when you tried to accuse the DUP of breaking the confidence &amp; supply agreement. #Brexit
So No Brexit i.e. staying in the EU is a disaster. Than god ref happened then.
A permanent CU, full participation in the SM, regulatory alignment for workers /citizens / consumers / environment, continued involvement in the range of EU projects ... same as Tory criteria for brexit?
Seriously - the chap didn't appreciate we lived on an island and yet he's one have put their hopes in to renew them after the Brexit clusterfuck?
#Ministers defeated over no-deal Brexit
Yes, the Tories are divided, but they can say that they are only divided on how to carry out Brexit, but unless Corbyn radically changes his Brexity tune Labour would be on course for an electoral disaster.
And why are those 1000 jobs due to Brexit? Car sales are down gloablly. We are in late stage business cycle and that's what happens.
There is a Brexit in Poetry competition, and this poem has won it! ‘Cloudy, with outbreaks of Brexit’ by Sarah Doyle. What do you think? Excellent deployment of weather imagery if you ask us!
No brexit is what Theresa May has wanted and schemed for from day one.
'Dear Jeremy Corbyn, public opinion is shifting – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock'
There must be two Dominic Rabb's, the one who was Brexit Sec who has never been seen since he resigned and, the second, who just cannot stop insulting the first.
Why do people vote these clowns in?
I thought the yanks were fucking stupid.
. Another MP who thinks it's acceptable to have a biased vote.
. to make last-ditch plea to rebel #MPs on deal
Ah Brexit. When the very first line is bollocks
It's a crucial week for #Brexit vote. UK PM Theresa May is back in the House of Commons -- this time to present the latest letter from the EU on the Brexit deal. We'll be covering this story LIVE with our correspondents on the ground Stay tuned!
IDS should now be demanding a second EU ref as we now know what Brexit means. He should be held to his views on the Welsh referendum.
This is fucking stupid.
It is time for the #Government to get tough on #Antifa and the violent #FarLeft instead of allowing them a free pass to cause mayhem. #BBC #Trump #MAGA #NigelFarage #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK #TommyRobinson #GiletsJaunes #Reuters #Murray #Andy #LBC #Westminster
I live in Chile, am 53 and get called “Joven” all the time. “Joven” means youth. I don’t care how old you are I am listening to you on Brexit
UK DEMOCRACY IS GOING DOWN THE TUBES IF #NODEALBREXIT IS NOT PASSED BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK
Here comes Dominic Raab, urging MPs to vote against the deal that he negotiated. Isn't brexit fun? I for one can't wait for A50 to be extended so we can do this forever and ever until we die.
I love that says there's a "risk" Brexit won't happen. We have no remaining friends in the MSM.
No one has tried to ‘undo’ anything. A new democrat vote on a complex outcome of 2 1/2 years of deliberation and negotiation is about finding a best way forward for all with new facts &amp; figs to hand . Not stimulatingly hyperbolic and headliney I know but true nonetheless.#brexit
Can’t be over as I’m in Sweden but good luck to everyone fighting for the 5m!
*EU HAS REJECTED U.K. CALLS TO ADD END-DATE TO BACKSTOP #Brexit #GBPUSD #EURGBP
Great news! The best thing I’ve heard TM say for quite a while (I did like her insistence on honouring the Good Friday Agreement).
No deal is not something anyone with an ego, like those in Westminster, would do on their name. Why? Because it would not be good for UK and the people hungry enough for power happy to see Brexit through but not no deal. No mandate for it and it’s extreme. No Brexit better
May said to mull end-date plan for backstop to win Brexit vote #forex #finance #trading #news #markets #economics #investing #fx
PM May said to mull end-date plan for backstop to win Brexit vote $GBP
I feel point three is significant here.
To all you Brit Nat yoons who thought the empty shelves at Sainsbury's was an exaggeration. I guess you think the UK police are being hyperbolic, as well.
If we brexit they won't care. The UK won't need to comply.
and after Brexit !
Hyperbole? surely not
This dog is stockpiling for Brexit. Smart boy.
If UK Parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what's Plan B?
If Labour supports a public vote we’ll take no lectures from Tories about democracy | Emily… #Brexit #ClickBait
Sky will lose a lot of business with their stance on BREXIT, Boulton and Burley are a disgrace to journalism and should be sacked . They forget they should be impartial
This is outrageous. Talk about Corbynista alternative facts doing the rounds. Check out her doc 'A correction to the main Brexit Fibs currently doing the rounds'. I also liked her Daily Mail Survation. Yep, the far-left are just as gone as the right.
On May’s deal? No. Not sure how you’ve managed to misunderstand. What’s your favourite thing about Brexit?
I emphatize fully with your words. Mistakes are part of life. Knowingly repeat, porsue it is utter mind mediocrity. The Exorcist, Linda Blair, people appear to be speaking in unusual tongues.
Any imminent brexit announcement
All The remain MPs like Anna Soubry even though her own constituents voted to leave, that deliberate thwart democracy by sabotaging Brexit - Should have the decency to (RESIGN) or accept what 17.4 million people voted for. (LEAVE) ! You are supposed to be democratic politicians.
Wow, a whole 6 questions to cover the shambles of Brexit, police underinvestment, crime increase, NHS waiting times going up, lack of funding for schools, homelessness on the rise....
The latest MEP's Opinion! Thanks to #brexit #eplenary
So in the midst of the Brexit cris, you would embark on a spending spree the like of which the UK has probably ever seen and to hell with the resulting debt levels. All the while the country's manufacturing and service sectors will be going down the pan. Sounds like a plan; NOT!
Watch out for a round up this evening of views and commentary about Brexit and Poverty, tonight on Al Jezeera 's homepage, including a short vlog from me!
Can’t wait for Brexit 3 already Steveo!
Brexit helps nobody except those who need no help.
Theresa May: "No Brexit" Democracy is dead and "Progressive" type political parties ended it. #Trump2020 #Nationalism #NotGlobalism
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
In '79 Tory Govt voted against implementing the Scottish IndyRef. In '97 May voted against implementing the result of the Welsh devolution Ref. In '05 she stood for election with manifesto pledge for 2nd Ref to overturn the first Wales Ref. Why then is the Brexit Ref sacrosanct?
The drama is getting surreal indeed
I'm 100 % with you and so are the majority of the UK #Brexit #GoWTO #NoDealNoProblem #LeaveMeansLeave
The latest The News Ghana Daily! Thanks to #fox35 #brexit
Gove: I know a song about that.
He’s never watched brexit
(Obviously I wouldn’t mind someone who repeatedly mangled cliches if they didn’t also insist that a no-deal Brexit was “a great opportunity”)
of course what you should do Liam, is just lie some more - afterall, its only a little white lie, its not like a massive whopper is it ?..Oh wait ...
Former head of Foreign Office:
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Tories Six Points Ahead Despite Brexit Chaos
Think that was his point. A Leaver, who left at the final stage but, has been happily facilitating the governments Brexit policy up to this point.
Globalist attempting to turn over the will of the people sounds familiar....
Tory tasked with getting other MPs to vote for May’s deal quits – to vote against it himself...
It’s getting hard to seperate the lies from the incompetence ....
UK Parliament Discusses Brexit Ahead of Major Vote (VIDEO): via
so long as we don't run out of tea bags x #Brexit #VeryBritishProblems
Exactly the bad news for the high street that has been banging on about for ages.
Never said they weren't without deficit, but think I'd rather continue to support them given the choices. Given what we're seeing unfolded due to Brexit, #DarkMoney and Labour's mess of Glasgow Equal pay etc. Thanks for your comments.
If you consider how the public reacts to losing internet access for a few hours, when a network goes down, a no deal Brexit will provoke a reaction in some people, similar to when our ancient ancestors saw a solar eclipse.
The day before the Brexit vote. And Comrade Corbyn’s biggest cheerleader is more interested in VENEZUELA. #Ohhhhhhjeremycorbyn
200,000 Scots households struggling to pay rent or mortgage 39% of respondents say they borrowed money from friends or credit cards to meet payments. A Brexit obsessed govt with no time for housing crisis #saferrenting
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant #Brexit #FBPE #StopBrexit #Remain
Brexit vote prediction: A full list of MPs and how they could vote on Theresa May’s deal.
Not a constituent but...I genuinely don't understand how you can vote for a deal that does nothing do protect constituents, gives little security and will be implemented by the party whose policies drove Brexit. I agree the result must be implemented but this is not a good deal
BREXIT
Can't wait for anyone recommending a compromise to set out how many more #BREXIT related job losses, business failures, home repossessions ... it would entail &amp; to say what the Statute of Limitations is on The Will of the People. Compromise reeks of appeasement.
No to #Brexit deal this deal is not for the many it is for the few those of us with Irish blood remember #IRA days &amp; why the #irishborder is of the upmost importance #GTTO time for a #PeoplesVote #JC4PM
Likely all will be paedophiles, too. Sadly this will get scant if any MSM coverage because of Brexit. A stark reminder that this country is a fucked up, morally bankrupt cesspit.
To sum it up: WE LOVE YOU! We are deeply saddened that you want to leave us. And saddened by the fact, that it is going to hurt you so much in so many ways. And hurt us too. The only ones who are to gain from Brexit is Trump and Putin and the likes. Please reconsider. I beg you.
Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK. Tory whip Gareth Johnson, MP, announced his decision today. He said the deal is "detrimental to the nation's interests"
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal: UK attorney general, #news #rt ,
Boris Johnston warns about the DEEP STATE
Brexit was sold on the same kind of anti-immigrant hysteria that Trump ran on and now tries to sell a wall on. The majority of Britons have woken up now, just like Americans.
This deal is not #brexit and its not just the backstop-the Q on the ballot paper was LEAVE or REMAIN ...no talk of a deal. The legal default under ART50 in the event of a deal not being passed .. is LEAVE under WTO terms... they will then come begging for a deal ...#1997Drubbing
Theresa May's Brexit - like asking someone if they want anything picked up from Maccy's at lunch then insisting that now they have agreed to it they must have the Fillet o' fish.
Wise up Adam, you are bias remain. #Brexit
Lords debate report on possibility of post-Brexit UK-EU security treaty
Why don't you challenge him yourself if you feel you've got adequate knowledge on the actual structure of the European Union as well as detailed knowledge of Brexit? While you at it, try refraining from quoting or referring to the propaganda conveyed by lying politicians
MAY SAID TO CONSIDER BACKING TORY MP AMENDMENT TO HER DEAL MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE Bloomberg
The DUP didn’t back Brexit to win. Their motivation was for Catholics to lose. That’s what they like about no-deal.
Some of these MPs on TV are deceitful liars. Rambling on about manufacturing jobs. The biggest risk to UK manufacturing is the EU bribes to Companies to build factories in other countries. Sooner we are out sooner we can sort that out. #Leave #Brexit #OFOC #PeoplesVote
You Chuka voted in favour of A50 when you knew there was no plan! You knew the timetable, so don’t pretend to be a part of the solution. #brexit
Towards an #Art50 extension?
‘Fuck Brexit Fuck Remain’ Probably some people in the UK who may have sympathy for that message
What the f*ck has playing foreign players got to do with brexit ? #moron. The best of the world not the dregs of the world all hoping for free housing and benefits. Free trade. Lawmaking and Governing by UK our own Army who do as we say that is brexit ffs.
Mmmm! Sounds like #Brexit
What happens if Brexit wins again? Seriously. What do MPs do? What gets solved if you are given the same answer. No-one can seem to answer this question.
seems your anti are as fond of lying as as #Conservatives
Wow nothing like changing the subject from the government shutdown as well as Trump’s Tariffs that are destroying Iowa farmers ?
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Funny how every Brexit discussion seems to reduce down to this. Before you head down that route, I'm pretty certain that I have more diverse ethnic make-up and migrant % on my road in London than Salford. I agree that immigration should be improved. Nothing to do with Brexit.
'In the context of the current debate, how can #technology and best practices provide an electronic backstop or smart #border as a contingency plan in case a viable political solution can’t be found?'#Brexit #EU #MondayThoughts
Lets prioritise Brexit first, it's not like anything else is getting sorted out until then!
Unlucky for some...
Tories who have quit Government over #Brexit -Gareth Johnson -Sam Gyimah -Ranil Jayawardena -Suella Braverman -Anne-Marie Trevelyan -Esther McVey -Dominc Raab -Shailesh Vara -Jo Johnson -Guto Bebb -Boris Johnson -Steve Baker -David Davis The law of diminishing returns
Most supporters that voted brexit, have moved too the position of alignment. Something the people’s vote and FBPE hasn’t done. There’s two sides to brexit and one or the other position, will never be a winner.
The Billionaire owned Media are the main driver behind Trump. It's exactly the same in the UK with Brexit. Convincing ordinary people that voracious Rich men, have their best interests at heart. The fact so many fall for it, is also a reflection of our dumbed down Education.
Lots of us dont fear a no-deal Brexit under managed WTO rules.
Are you delusional? MP’s are not suppose to use anything other than the mandate given to the by the electorate who voted them into office. A clear mandate has been given here. Get brexit delivered. We are not recalcitrant children “oh, I know they voted out but what do they know”
Brexit impact hits UK business by 16 per cent, study finds
Brexit Tory Ed Leigh says he’s now backing May Deal because Blair &amp; Co want to reverse Brexit. Nothing to do with looming market panic over your Hard Brexit preference, Ed ? I realise your lot always duck any responsibility
A Hard Brexit does not make Indy easier. It makes it harder. We will have all the questions of borders and trade. And Scotland wont escape the Hard Brexit economic consequences we’d have to start new nation under poor economic conditions.
It seems more likely that the correlation/causation is actually reversed, the social justice warriors made the climate perfect for people to want change, and hope that brexit and Trump can provide that change. Desperate times call for desperate measures.
UK Prime Minister Theresa May mounts last-ditch bid to win Brexit deal backing
In a infinite stochastic reality, No logical basis or mind big enough to comprehend &amp; compute the relative merits of Brexit Deals! Toss a coin if you don’t Trust #TeresaMay, don’t worry if Boris Brains Johnson thinks you look stupid as the tosser doesn’t have a clue either!
Mundell to vote against the wishes of his constituents
Hi Ellie, the greatest issue is continued uncertainty. A deal agreed soon is needed to encourage customers back from nervous spending behaviour, and give businesses time to get our EU workers' paperwork sorted and a chance to plan how to manage changes and opportunities #Brexit
...but Brexit!
'Paralysis in parliament': UK PM warns of 'catastrophic harm' if Brexit deal rejected
If the #SNP offered to respect an #EnglishBrexit in return for an Independent Scotland staying in Europe, a deal could be done with 35 votes against #Brexit turning into 35 votes for Brexit during a parallel transition. #walkandchewgum
We've launched our Litigation Tracker today, providing exclusive intelligence on the latest court cases in the English courts. Our first piece from
"Project Fear has gone from being a campaign tactic to a major manufacturing industry." Former Brexit Secretary says "alarmism" over Brexit is "unwarranted" - and he will vote against 's "bad deal".
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the B... via
I am rather pleased I found out that Mr Marsan is on Twitter as he appears to frequently be on point.
Ability to identify and hold dual citizenship won’t be affected. But Brexit without a backstop creates risk of a hard border that impacts practically on people’s lives, economically on N-S trade esp Afro and politically on GFA N-S cooperation. Brexit is generally bad for NI.
With Brexit vote looming, a MD Classic BAME Brexiters: The people of colour who voted Leave
Shes a remainer. Waste of space leading brexit talks
I mean, it's not exactly a consolation but of British politics has to go all Game of Thrones, at least we'd be getting *something* out of Brexit.
How your MP is expected to vote on Brexit deal - FiWEH Life -
In a infinite stochastic reality, No logical basis or mind big enough to comprehend &amp; compute the relative merits of Brexit Deals! Toss a coin if you don’t Trust #TeresaMay, don’t worry if Boris Brains Johnson thinks you look stupid as the tosser doesn’t have a clue either!
Please register &amp; sign &amp; SHARE for Scotland to remain in the EU when we become independent before the end of #brexit under Art 48 of the Lisbon Treaty. #scotref #DissolveTheUnion
Lets leave without a deal. WTO. Full sovereignty returned
Breakfast of champions
Hedge Funds Bet on Brexit - Bloomberg #Invest #HedgeFund #Trading
HuffPostUKPol: This is how Tuesday's crunch Brexit vote will play out - and what happens if May loses
With all that genius in British politics I don't understand why brexit is going so bad....
Who cares what this quisling thinks? #BREXIT
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
GBP flat
No a general election would only delay brexit further and jezza wants another referendum, instead both parties should put their differences aside and work together to find the best deal for Britain.
Yes but which kind of Brexit Julia?
Rock in tomeh the traitor
It's sad for everyone &amp; a sober reminder (as Brexit is to us) that democracy needs care, attention &amp; review. Let's hope sense &amp; humanity prevails on both sides of the Pond!
When will Brexit end man. I am so bored of it now.
Enders senior research analyst was quoted in The Guardian on the UK advertising market facing recession under a no-deal Brexit "The advertiser response [to no-deal] will be to become more tactical in allocating advertising spend,” Read here:
People have already rejected remain. What part of the referendum did you not get.
Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position' -
Oh look another luvvie instructing us that we voted the wrong way. Do these prancing ponies ever learn?
They'd have double that lead if they hadn't fannied around and got us the proper Brexit we all voted for.
Wowsers
Whilst I would not deny a second referendum on #Brexit ...be clear, Parliament is sovereign and alone can resolve the tragedy of #brexitshambles
The more the merrier, obviously they are there under false statement and misrepresentation of the public! I think ALL MP's that campaign against Brexit, AFTER campaigning on a manifesto to respect the vote, should be deselected.
With parliamentarians set do vote on Theresa May's #Brexit deal tomorrow, what would a no-deal scenario mean for EU nationals living in the UK and Britons in Europe?
What will Brexit actually mean for British travellers?
MEPs consider nightmare scenario of Brexit delay – POLITICO
The latest Les #news au quotidien! Thanks to #marketing #brexit
Brexit - There is no Alternative... Here's Why! via
: "If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain." CC:
Can't help but laugh, Liam Fox, International Trade Secretary. How much trade have you brought in Liam?
Hopefully the snowflake that starts an avalanche and ends Brexit
250617 Because the #Trump Presidency &amp; #Brexit are the same *FAILING* #USUKCorpGovt #ToryAnalytica &amp; *MSM fronted* #TrumpRussia #BrexitCoup #EUCoup d’etat. #TickTockTroops
can we hear your positive , optimistic, alternative plan? If you have not got one StFU.
you aren't alone
So true: such untruths are appalling from a PM. But in the death of our democracy, the first casualty will be seen to have been the truth. #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
The City's 10 largest banks have spent an estimated £1 billion on their Brexit preparations, with smaller financial firms seeing costs in the £millions or £tens of millions each... That's all "dead" money that is basically down the drain.
That's inevitable: on tge results of tge referendum 48% of voters have to 'compromise' their position for any sort of brexit. So who *is* getting what tgey voted for? Are you happy?
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Costco jeans are gr9 for basic kecks but unsure of its stance on Brexit.
No... ... we need some leadership and management of #brexit Stop trying to avoid the biggest issue facing the country. Be a statesman #JeremyCorbyn Not a resting bitch
The sector needs some security and soon on the ESIF replacement fund post Brexit
Dominic Raab: No deal Brexit 'wouldn't be the end of the world'
Also, not sure about these Brexit 'laws of geography'. Europe isn't a true continent. The Landmass is Eurasia, stretching from France to the far east. Parts of southern 'Europe' cross the tectonic plates of North Africa. Iceland straddles the American/Eurasian plates.
The latest The Refugee Archive Daily! Thanks to #brexit #refugee
VG247: Ahead of tomorrow's vote, here are 7 games that depict Brexit Britain.
Tomorrow, the House of Commons is set to vote on May's brexit deal. Remind yourself what's included in the deal by checking our our video on it: #brexit #brexitvote #maysdeal
No deal means you have to make a deal. Easy trade agreements only possible with alignment of rules and regs it’s just prior to Brexit UK had a say and veto in them now with Brexit and especially no deal we will still have to follow just without a say.
UK world's largest paper importer. 1/3 toilet roll imported as finished product. Raw materials largely EU imports account for rest reported by #PoliticsLive. If No Deal Brexit seems to me a supply chain crack by early April! HT
The British government faces near-certain defeat on its deal to leave the EU, as Brexit tests the U.K.’s unwritten constitution via
Because she understands full well that voters there would call out absurdity + wretchedness of what amounts to her betrayal of Brexit! May was always + continues to remain a REMAINER! May, aided + abetted by Robbins has tried by all means to thwart Brexit! WTO LEAVE only way now!
17,4 million people voted to leave the nasty-EU. No dodgy-deal, bodged together by remainers and fonctionnaire’s required. A 39 billion vassal-Brino. 934 days so far. Tic tic tic
Not Brexit though is it? It's a half-assed version of Remain, but far worse. As a Remainer yourself, you'll get what I'm saying.
Withdraw this ridiculous plan ( if it goes through and passes, removing control from our government, there will 100% be unrest on the streets on a scale not seen before in our nations recent history. This isn't about Brexit anymore 1/2
Why hasn't the Tory hierarchy disciplined the Grieve, Bole, Soubry gang? Is it because they approve of what they are doing - trying to destroy brexit?
Anti-Europe in his voting patterns since the 1970's -(a matter of record, inc Maastricht), Corbyn will ignore the evidence that many voters have changed their minds and will now vote for "Remain". Tory austerity policies now, plus Brexit will hit the poorest Labour voters hard.
One political party has said that in extremis it would accept leaving the EU if it meant that Scotland at any rate remained in the Costoms Union and Single Market as the entire Brexit farce reaches its denouement it’s instructive to see how little credit has been given for that?
Not to state the obvious, but this would mean there is No Deal, as a backstop end-date is not in the Deal. #FBPE #StopBrexit
No. So desperate she’ll do anything.
Not Brexit though is it? It's a half-assed version of Remain, but far worse. As a Remainer yourself, you'll get what I'm saying.
READ: Northern Ireland secretary Karen Bradley says a no-deal #Brexit would make a border poll in Northern Ireland more likely. But so would Theresa May's withdrawal deal.
The Coatings Industry strongly opposes a no deal Brexit. Our CEO discussed the impacts on on Monday morning, check it out at 34.5 mins. The BCF are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
"Approve my deal or there may not even be a Brexit at all." I'm sorry, but is this supposed to be a threat? What am I not getting here? Because this sounds like "Let me kick you in the nuts, otherwise you're not going to get kicked in the nuts."
Theresa May 'could be kicked out on Wednesday' if she loses Commons vote on Brexit deal
#EU #Brexit #sovereignty of nations under attack by #Globalist liars, cons, phoenies of Phoenician Maritime Law (our laws)
Sounds like no Brexit is a win-win to me.
We want to leave completely! #WTOBrexit
So, Adam, I think you'll find that you need to sign up to the convention in order to be an EU member. Nice try at shit stirring, though. Back to the job - if you have one - I expect
what a shite mr Jenkins you are , I will not give more one penny to the guardian over this.!!
Williamson sticking to his line that UK can prosper after Brexit - even in the event of a no deal
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Its not brexit fault you wasted 3 years of your life. It was your choice and yours only. Yet another snowflake making a decision and blaming everyone else when it goes wrong. Man up and take responsibility for your own life
Same dilemma here in the states with Democrats refusing to accept the outcome of a presidential election.
The Confederation of Paper Industries says it is concerned about the potential for delays if the UK does not achieve a trade deal over over Brexit
The latest The AIUK Daily! Thanks to #journalism #brexit
As things kick off — again — it's worth reading column on voters growing indifference to Brexit and how that could redefine our politics
Keep politics out of football? Sod that, we want and Neil Warnock in a Brexit battle (to the death).
You clearly do not understand the basic concept of democracy. We had 2 general elections, 2015 and 17, one of those happened AFTER Brexit and the Administration DID NOT win an overall majority on its manifesto, Democracy is an evolving thing, nothing is set in stone.
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Is this the Chris Williamson who couldn’t list Labours six tests for Brexit on LBC yesterday?. We have no hope
Don't worry, Corbyn has no intention whatsoever of doing anything other than back a Tory Brexit 100% while he makes ludicrous speeches about Bolivian ant-farmers' struggle for freedom.
"UK more likely to stay in EU rather than crash out with no deal - May"- Bring it on. #NoBrexitatall Folks
Have you booked your ticket yet? Join us at the iconic on February 26th for #LFC2019! #ClubHectare
Everybody' threatening everybody. Loving the low-level threats of right-wing violence by the British Brexit crew
U.K. Conservative whip resigns, says he cannot support Brexit deal – National
I hope you find time to read this and get back. Best Regards. #Brexit #BrexitVote #SJW #SJWs
What happens to the Irish border without a Brexit deal? - FiWEH Life -
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s derivatives market
#Trump and #Farage for organising the #terrorist #attacks in #London, #Manchester during the general elections in 2017. #Shutdown and #Brexit are used as front to collapse the #financial #markets in #EU/#USA.
Topping my Tweeted Times: MPs voting down May’s Brexit deal are the elite revolting against democracy | Bob Seely | Opinion | The Guardian see more
Piers you are wrong on this one. We were told a lie and that is why the PM could not get a deal that MPs can support. No deal is stupidity so a better option is 2nd Referendum OR No Brexit. Which one do u want?
Misleading of to compare an "undeliverable" referendum with a #PeoplesVote If a proper referendum is undertaken (with clarity of what leave means such as May's deal) then the result will stand! I voted #Remain only to vote against a no-deal brexit
The Guardian: Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit. via
Cross border working isn't just going to live and work in one place permanently. For many of us it involves visiting several different countries in a month. This gets very complicated for Brits after Brexit.
YES PETS STOP BREXIT GET IT STOPPED
If you #Brexit lot could have agreed about what you wanted or come up with any kind of sensible compromise that could have won broad support it might have helped. Take some responsibility.
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
A referendum doesn't have to be the last word, Britain, just look at Macedonia via
Says the man who only recently found out Britain is an island, and most of our food comes through Dover.
#Brexit endgame: What you need to know
Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper '#Brexit Boxes' - as. the madness grows. With #NoDealBrexit sales will skyrocket!
Theresa May's Brexit deal unlikely to pass, says Liam Fox
"US shutdown" here is code for "Trump"; Brexit and Trump are the parallel crises, not Brexit and the shutdown. #Brexit #Trump #tcot #MAGA #UK
Because at best it’s going to cost us more, which will impact on people on a sliding scale related to their own personal wealth. Brexit was sold to us that we would be better off. Why would we opt for something that makes us worse off? We never knowingly do that, surely ....
Why is it 'Theresa May's #brexit deal'? This deal has the support of the whole Cabinet and is Tory policy. Let's remember who is accountable when it fails - not just May
Can we get this guy on alongside please?
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
This is pointless. It isn’t legally binding and accepting it means absolutely nothing.
Love your passion. You’re absolutely right. As always the liberal elite hold the masses in complete contempt. It’s such a shame, whatever people’s opinion about Brexit, they don’t hold the principle of democracy as the most important value that holds us together
Parliament won’t let a no-deal brexit happen. John Bercow’s stunt last week was just the start, expect more in the next few weeks - they will go all-out to stop Brexit. #brexit #brexitdeal #brexitchaos
On one side, the mad Tory project of Hard Brexit. And on the other, this. I am not represented in Parliament. Like tens of millions of others. This is a disgrace.
Enforcer in UK PM May's Conservative Party quits over Brexit deal
I am a Tory party member and cannot support this government. In fact I can no longer support our Parliamentary system, it clearly doesn't represent the working class people, it is all about money and power. They are acting in exactly the same way as the EU.
Brexit might not happen bla bla whatever HEY WAIT LOOK GOT TO 26 MILLION LIKES
Julia Hartley-Brewer: "The Prime Minister's deal is NOT Brexit" via
Fox has been in on Brexit since the late 80's
I am attending Got your ticket yet? After tomorrow's vote we will all have lots of questions about what happens next!
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'- not sure she is correct on this as there are alternatives such delaying Brexit through article 50(3) to revise the political declaration to clearly define our future relationship with the EU.
doubt you get many friends these days
How about the "catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust" following from a failure to secure "the easiest deal in history" with people who "need us far more than we need them"? What was more basic to people's understanding of #Brexit than we would have #frictionlesstrade?
No Brexit is better and it will be what we get. Theresa May and her government are just trying to loudly complain so much we don’t blame them when we cancel Brexit.
No deal is what was voted for. Leavers wanted OUT. In what demented universe does OUT mean ‘oh but we need to be a bit IN’? Surely we all know the EU are not really our biggest trading partners. If they were ... nobody would have been stupid enough to vote Leave...?? Right!?
No Brexit? Sounds good to me!!
[REUTERS] Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit: foreign minister |
We are British and thank god 17.4 Million people still remember that. #NoFear #Brexit
Very quickly after a general election or a budget we usually realize the incumbent are lying cheating bastards but we don’t get to have a re run of the election do we? We have to see out the tenure, let’s give Brexit a whirl you never know we might actually surprise ourselves
Brexit is only in peril because of Mays incompetency and how she has acted right from the start of the negotiations!
we see you
Tbf, the logical conclusion of the original idiotic question
Tony Connolly 's excellent blog entry on the #backstop is always worth another read &gt; #Brexit: A brief history of the backstop
The political classes are manoeuvring to block Brexit. Voters' faith in our democracy may never recover via
Hard Brexit. No-deal Brexit. Do it now - deal with it later. That's what hardcore "Leavers" want. And, this looks increasingly likely, as no one can figure out a doable "soft" Brexit.
So how do you know May ruled it out because she "hates foreigners" (which, frankly, comes across as hysterical and ludicrous hyperbole) rather than the democratic deficit, which you admit is unjustifiable and undesirable, that would result from remaining CU + SM post Brexit?
Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock’s comments on Brexit
UK #insurance industry prepares for possible riots as the shadow of a messy #Brexit process conclusion looms. Hoping that 2019 is going to be better than the fears.
Tribal voters vanished last century when Blair transformed Labour. Left and right becoming an anachronism. Brexit has changed everything. Corbyn is so 20th century, like his fans. Cooper seems to be leading now along with Grieve.
Brexit and stamp duty changes drive a slowdown in development projects – analysis
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Remainers voted to remain. Leavers voted for increased parliamentary sovereignty. I only half joke when I say everyone SHOULD be happy with this result. #brexit #letscallthewholethingoff #voiceofreason
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam? The Confederation of Paper Industries says it is concerned about the potential for delays in a no-deal Brexit. January 14, 2019 at 02:14AM
Could no-deal Brexit mean loo roll logjam?
Everything you need to know about tomorrow's Meaningful Vote #Brexit
That makes 14 resignations over brexit &amp; yet it hasn't made one jot of difference. Way to prove your worth.
The implications of no-deal Brexit: is the European Union prepared?
I hope these guys are performing
Yeah a No Brexit wi be a political disaster Not for Country, he really means the Conservative Party ( most likely it will split) if Brexit is ditched
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
BCF CEO discussed the concerns of our industry in regards to a no deal Brexit on the program ‘wake up to money’ on Monday morning. (34.5 minutes) The BCF would be happy to discuss further with relevant media.
Gavin Williamson says ‘Britain will succeed and Britain will prosper’ in a no deal Brexit.
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Lurid.
The Guardian has a partnership with VICE MEDIA used by MSNBC.
But they already voted on brexit
I pointed out that suggesting violence as an outcome of Brexit debacle is irresponsible. Which it is. You don’t need to bring child rape into this. But since you mention it perhaps this is an opportune moment to recommend support of charities that help vulnerable children.
Brexit or no Brexit, deal or no deal, there is no place in Conservative Party for Grieve, Soubry, Morgan etc - about 20 of them + Cabinet ministers like Rudd who think same. Thye should all be deselected before any general election. They can stand for LibDems, Green, Corbyn, SNP.
He was asked, he didn't volunteer it like jug ears
"You can't tell us anything unless it is what we want to hear and if you say that the EU is not and Brexit is bad then you are obviously lying and clearly 100 years old" HAHAHAHAHAHA - clowns...clowns as far as the eye can see!
Good, but he might have mentioned little details like the Bank's Project Fear predictions for a No Deal #Brexit included the UK population falling by 350,000 a year - see
But she would lose this vote as well.
This is the crux of the problem if Cameron or May had no intention of delivering or couldn't deliver brexit they should have come clean. You can't blame the public that voted on promises given them by our PMs now wanting what they voted for.
EP.699: Danny Dorling Discusses What Caused Brexit, David Bowie's Bandmate Woody Woodmansey! [Going Underground with Afshin Rattansi]
When Brexit happens. I will be in a long queue to shove it down his arrogant self serving GOB!! #JamesOBrien LBC
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
This took literally minutes and what is so great about social media is the speed with which lies can be exposed. Something that was totally missed in the last Referendum campaign. We won’t be fooled again
What isn't the Beano in #Brexit is Roy of the Rovers.
It saddens me that we have a PM who is now saying that if we don’t accept HER WA then we may not have Brexit at all. The whole purpose of this Government and Opposition being elected was to provide Brexit, by Manifestos and the Referendum Result. Nothing else is acceptable.
what going on. Qu'est-ce qui se passe. one hunted Brexit. one hunted shutdown. one hunted yellow jacket
The Labour Party will get decimated in the next GE and they know it! The U.K. is much too sensible to elect this shambolic Marxist crew! Weakest Opposition Front Bench in my lifetime! Matching up well to weak Leader and rabble rousing nutter
Helpful for any Brexit related #journorequest. ‘s new Brexit expert directory:
One feels almost sorry for Patrick Minford. He must be very lonely.
The money is going towards Brexit....
Mix 'n' match #Brexit headlines. May might back backstop end date bill amendment, then; EU rejects UK attempt to put an end date on the backstop.
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it | Vox Political
Worth noting that pre-Brexit vote, the UK was joint 1st for the most powerful passports. #BrexitVote
So say us all. .
Great Brexit commentary from : “at this point it’s difficult to implement a trading position or a hedge with any real sense that you’re on top of the situation.”
It doesn't matter what we do but something must be done. This is no longer just about brexit but about our democracy, country and future.
They sound like horrendous smug twunts. I really hope they end up with a garage filled with powdered milk &amp; tinned carrots and Brexit gets called off.
It makes me wonder how many stupid people we can make ... First Brexit and now bird box challenge. Time for a bird box Brexit ?
In the heat of Brexit, a commendably cool Icelandic cartoonist's take on anarchy in the UK.
Urmmm. There has only been 2 "UK" referendums. One to go into common market and one to change the voting system in GE's. Maybe if we had more over Europe then we might not be in this might shitshow
It is very difficult when people "Fix" elections...they can "Cheat" all they want, but they can't fool the masses
If this happens there will be many government resignations. May would be effectively forcing No Deal in order to save face - not to save her deal because (a) she still wouldn't have the votes and (b) EU would consider this ripping up the deal.
The #Brexit ship is sinking and the rats are running.
Didn't allude to something like this in #NumberoftheBeast and #Fearofthedark ?
Signs of Brexit doom no 969323: Royal Mint flags 73% increase in January gold sales, "fully anticipates further increases in gold demand over the coming months as investor uncertainty grows..” Shame Britain doesn't have much anymore..
DON'T DO IT! We NEED TORIES OUT!! Your constituents, if voted Labour - didn't vote CONservative. The Brexit issue is mammoth - but so are all the other HARSH TORY POLICIES that are KILLING PEOPLE - FACT! We do NOT want Theresa to WIN - OK!!
I Sincerely Hope that Britain's friends will decide that "Withdrawal from Brexit" is better than a "Non-Agreement Exit": No Agreement to Leave #EuropeanUnion Will Ever Be Better than Conditions for #EU Membership. Nobody Still Has a #SafetyNet x #Brexit. #14January #TheresaMay
This poll result to date (below) doesn’t make very pleasant reading for those voting for May’s Deal when it comes to the next GE. If you value your constituents’ vote, vote against it.
Its like conservatives everywhere have no interest in actually governing. Weird.
I know... and how she keeps going on about the will of the people. She’s afraid of pissing people off if she doesn’t deliver Brexit, mind-bogglingly oblivious to the fact we’re all already pissed off with her.
I think brexit is going to make austerity even worse which is what I am most concerned for!
Referendum &amp; the General election of TM &amp; the commitment to respect the referendum result &amp; deliver Brexit
She shoulda never been the PM. Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal'
Theresa May's deal is a bad deal, so you either reverse #Brexit or you leave with #NoDeal personally I'd reverse it, but whatever happens the nation will remain divided for a very long time David Cameron is the pariah in all of this but he'll still make a fortune down the line
I think its a non-starter in any case, used as project fear 3.0. The last card in the hand of the Remainer conspiracy to lock us down with May's deal.
Now this from #Brexit Boris!
$DGE Why Ireland&amp;aposs Border Commands Its Own Brexit Backstop via
Margarett Thatcher would know what to do with brexit. Britain need another lron lady to led the country.
Top 5 Things You Need To Know In Financial Markets 14TH Jan. 2019. 1. China's Exports Shrink Most in Two Years 2. U.S. Futures Point to Shaky Open 3. Citigroup Kicks Off 4Q Earnings Season 4. Oil Prices Tumble Amid China Slowdown Jitters 5. May Makes Final Plea Ahead of Brexit
Have you taken at look at 's latest piece? #Brexit: How the Political Declaration can rescue the #WithdrawalAgreement Time to catch up before the #BrexitVote. Available at
Brexit might not happen bla bla whatever HEY WAIT LOOK #world_record_egg GOT TO 26 MILLION LIKES!
No brexit, there will be uproar!! #conservatives #theresamay #borisjohnson #labour #snp #jeremycorbyn
It's also a lie. A "People's Vote" is MORE Democracy not an abdication of it. #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition ASAP
That’s because Too much energy is going into stopping Brexit. And too little in highlighting their willful neglect of the economy. Many Remainers have actively kept quiet on the latter, bc they want no-deal to be a disaster. They want to teach leavers a lesson.
Another one bites the dust Theresa... #75DaysToBrexit #Brexit #May
Now we won't be able to wipe out a---s because of Brexit !
How about we kill Brexit and then do a Eurotrip??
This thread makes a complete mug out of Theresa May and her ridiculous use of Welsh devolution as an example for the Brexit process
Much like you was willing to give her the benefit of the doubt. How wrong I was
.. to have a 3rd if Brexiteers were to lose in a best out of three? Not that a believe for a minute that a 2nd vote would change anything other than a larger Brexit majority with many people now seeing how the unelected Elite of the EU has treated this country the last 2 yrs.
May wants to pull a Varoufakis it seems. Didn't work out great the first time around.
The one good thing about living with is that I eat all the Whiskers I want and never give anything back in return. #brexitshambles #brexit
Reports TM might back Murrison a little odd because: 1. EU would see TM backing Murrison has her having negotiated in bad faith, complicating next steps 2. Speaker wouldn't select 3. Amendment wouldn't pass
Why do Fox and his ilk keep lying
What time is the Brexit 'meaningful vote' in Parliament tomorrow, and what will happen if Theresa May's deal is rejected? via
is this guy on drugs we all know what brexit means it was explained enough times by numerous people there were numerous debates on it before we voted
Brexit never was a working class result:
Sorry if you've already seen this man.
Just in case you're wondering, I still think Brexit is a terrible idea, but I'm subscribing to the Mencken view that 'democracy is giving the people what they want, good and hard'.
i’m getting ptsd about brexit, i’ll forever twitch hearing theresa may’s name
current caller brilliant. The "public" dont know what they're doing? So mr smartie pants isn't a member of public? Love it #Brexit
Split on defence front bench on whether UK would prosper under “no deal” #Brexit. Williamson says yes - Ellwood no
If we do not leave the European Union cleanly on 29 March 2019, I fear for the outcome to our democratic way of life in the UK. The anger will be unstoppable.
Brexit is an act of national self harm. The agreement is an attempt to reduce the level of self harm.
I blame brexit...of course.
Now principled democrats are stepping forward, it's highlighting even further how much of a traitor Grieve is History will not treat him kindly. He'll be the Judas of the Brexit story. A man prepared to betray all in a vain attempt to keep us under the rule of a foreign power
Yes . Something that’s long been missing from this sorry mess is #ProjectHope. If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
She has already delivered the democratic failure through her stubborn dictatorial attempted subjugation of parliament
These 91 Tory Rebel MPs Have Indicated That They Won’t Vote For Theresa May’s Brexit Deal
But you are objecting to things that simply aren’t true, as the norm. And “the majority” have been fed falsehoods that pander to their “feelings”, instead of addressing facts (a parallel with Brexit, there!).
#brexit Why not get in on the conversation? #deal or #nodeal #Parliament #may
Come see the EU! UK - Brexit chaos; France - Yellow jacket protests; Spain - Catalonia confrontations; Italy - Domestic political disputes; And spend time with the unemployed youth in Greece and all around the Med! (Travel is at your own risk. Euros available while stocks last)
'Am I going to be that person in the disaster movie who is laughing saying everyone is over reacting, who ends up dead when the disaster finally hits?' Are you surprised people are #prepping for #Brexit ?
I'm pretty sure you can legally be buried in the garden. Might make selling the house a bit awkward, but it's an option. Personally I don't what happens to my remains. I suppose post brexit dog food might be an option.
Thoughts with 's media manager at this tough time.
I agree that Brexititus is largely Tory-driven, but it infects and will affect the worst-off most. I can't help but feel Labour would fare better if they took some comprehensible stance on Brexit. Maybe if a GE is called they would, but I'm not holding my breath...
A soft Brexit maintains the mandate, the indyref power is transferred so we decide ‘when’ &amp; we can also get other powers transferred during this period. Soft Brexit No power grab More powers to Holyrood Power to call indyref I’d take that deal
I'm always a little surprised by people who believe we will end up with no deal, and it will be catastrophic but have made no preparations at all. These people on the other hand and
Sadiq Khan demands changes to post-#Brexit immigration plan: So will the Countries we trade with (like India). Expect A LOT of Immigration post Brexit... &amp;
. . . What is the best way forward on the #Brexit issue for #Bristol? A #PeoplesVote increasingly looks like it's needed as a way out of the deadlock?
Thing is they are both only a path to either a different way to ratify mays deal or to cancel brexit And it's hard to see a majority for either step due to those who know what the end is
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit
Love it #proudtobebritish
DESELECTION
Interesting article by outlining how much we gained from the Good Friday Agreement and how we now risk losing those benefits.
“Shall” be respected
Just seen Mary Queen of Scots: bitter internecine strife, the breakdown of civil discourse, plotting and skullduggery in the corridors of power, violent disputes over sovereignty....a really refreshing antidote to Brexit!
Tory whip resigns ahead of Brexit vote warning deal leaves UK "perpetual`ly constrained" by EU` via
What would people talk about if brexit and the fitbit wasnt a thing. All you hear these days is brexit this and ive done 8592 steps that
what going on. Qu'est-ce qui se passe. one hunted Brexit. one hunted shutdown. one hunted yellow jacket
UK firm 'sells hundreds of Brexit survival kits'
Of course these MPs were entitled to oppose a referendum result requiring radical change if they believed that it would be destructive for the UK. But the same applies for Brexit, and the evidence that this will be a bad decision is 100x stronger.
Absolutely this. Thank you Simon.
It can't just be me who's sick of remain mps telling us they're going to stop brexit for our own good , if they force another vote , any new euref must include the option to leave without a deal immediately , or face the consequences #skynews
"Opposing May's plan will (also) probably increase the selling of sterling and other UK assets as investors focus their minds on what a chaotic Brexit might mean. " says
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
SKY News still seems to allow the "Brexit is a mess " placard waver, to occupy centre stage in most of their interviews !
Please listen to this Mr. Seely -the funniest thing yet about Brexit, yet so simple to understand. You are as outdated as our 60's IOW MP Mark Woodnutt. - who we eventually replaced with a LibDem. The island is not so conservative as you think.
Get ready for the time after #Brexit:
For informed long-form Brexit comment, pls listen to a 60-min lecture by Sir Ivan Rogers at the Uni. of Liverpool in Dec2018. Civil Servant Rogers was the Permanent Representative of the UK to the EU from Nov2013 until he resigned in Jan2017: … (1/3)&gt;
Brexit Is in Peril, UK PM May Warns Ahead of Vote on Her Deal via
No, he doesn't. He appeals to the ignorant who can't see through his false statements. When he is up against anyone who knows their stuff he tends to flounder, like in the C4 Brexit debate last week. And when Raab owned him on here. Sorry.
This is a blatant lie. The only person who can grant a People’s Vote is the PM. You should know this, of course you do, but you prefer to spin BBC lies about Labour’s very clear Brexit Plan, or else you can’t read for yourself.
A broadcaster just bumped me because I support May's deal. Hearing on the grape vine they're looking for someone who voted Brexit but is now a remainer. Understand they want impartiality but the panel was 1 pro-dealer /5. Don't know what's worse this or their 50/50 gender quota.
Theresa May Suffers Fresh Brexit Blow As Government Whip Quits
Treacherous bunch that should be in the Tower. We voted to LEAVE #WTOBrexit corruptMPs #NickBoles #Deselection
It is quite wild down there along the border with Mexico. A wall might help? #realDonaldTrump #BuildThatWall #BuildTheDamnWall #BREXIT
Says you're like a Ukipper but he supports a pro-Brexit Labour party and proudly spouts "we are sovereign and not the subject of any foreign power" in his Bio. I chuckled at that.
Why don’t you persuade May to call one then? No? Coz you’re talking bollocks!
We were told this all through the referendum campaign - we were told that #brexit would lead to the seven plagues of Egypt yet the result was to Leave as per the question on the ballot paper.
Today in Brexit:
My German blood and spider sense are telling me its definitely a no deal Brexit and "I am ready for it!"!NMRK!!!
I'll be heading down to this after work. Let me know if anyone wants to join me.
This is quite an astonishing article from the former president of the EFTA court - the Withdrawal Agreement is a path to vassaldom via
No Brexit will result in civil war...and even in my wheelchair..I will be in the front line!
Please RT. I know Brexit is all at the moment but the Rohingya have been denied the services of 3 UK Drs as deported from by #Bangladesh travelling under authorised NGO
How shortly is shortly? According to your newsletter, payment is mid January with statements in early Jan. I'm having Jan 14th. Early Jan is over. I haven't had a new statement. Had looked forward to some £, so could change currency before Brexit vote tomorrow devalues it!
Have your say: What is the most likely outcome over Brexit?
In the 1970s, TV in EU countries broadcast the Benny Hill show. In the 2020s, they'll broadcast the #brexit show, its political reality-tv equivalent #StopBrexitSaveBritain #RevokeArticle50 #PeoplesVote
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it
Selling what? Snake oil?
Are you delusional? MP’s are not supposed to use anything other than the mandate given by the electorate who voted them into office. A clear mandate has been given here. Get brexit delivered. We are not recalcitrant children “oh, I know they voted out but what do they know”
I hope you find time to read this thread and get back to me. Best Regards. #Brexit #BrexitVote #SJW #SJWs
Theresa May mocked for delivering Brexit speech in front of 'a load of mugs' - Evening Standard
NO-CONFIDENCE VOTE LOOMS OVER MAY’S CABINET AS PM MAKES LAST-DITCH BREXIT APPEAL - - KOLLMAN REPORT
It was always her way right from the start Even her own party didn’t know wot was going on and none of the 3 Brexit secs had or hv a clue either !!!
Brexit pressure mounts on Corbyn as ANOTHER Labour MP vows to defy him and back May's deal
Horrors of a WTO Brexit you mean? What horrors would they be then? And don't answer with the same fictional worse case scenario fluff that other spineless wonders have done. Even the worse case is better than the vassal state we would become.
This is the most useful thread you'll read ahead of tomorrow's meaningful vote. on excellent form as usual explaining the four different types of objection to May's deal. Also, just a friendly reminder that no payment = no transition
Incredible commitment to her constituents in Hampstead &amp; Kilburn from . It's a sad reflection on the Government that their pairing system has broken down so much as well.
Poland: Final CPI expected at 1.1% y/y in December #Poland #CPI #GDP #Brexit
Whose we ? WTO means we leave which is what we voted for L.E.A.V.E !!! Get out !!! Trade with the world !!! Before the EU collapses and takes us with it !!! #BREXIT 17.4 MILLION voted to GET US OUT so IMPLEMENT a democratic vote NO 2nd REF !!!
The Ultimate Solution, for Brexit. And you may as well blame the Russians too. "Our galaxy is due for a catastrophic collision, study says..."
Alot of the remain camp was based on lies though. Take that bus that was waltzing round London. £350million to the NHS - Id bet that alot of people voted on that bullshit. You cant honestly believe this is the Brexit you voted for? I was never fully against leaving but I am now
This minority Tory government you are talking of propping-up made no attempt to compromise with Labour's Brexit plans and is failing the country in so many other areas too. Please stand with my family, vote Theresa May's crap deal down. #GeneralElectionNow
Stupid pm, fancy giving away the top prize for this fudged up disaster. The lot of them need sacking for wrecking brexit. It's a scandal how they've handled these negotiations and left us at the mercy of the EU. Only a traitor would do that. Enquiry please.
Baloney. We just sent the wrong person in to negotiate with a lot of intransigent, unelected carpet baggers.
#Brexit Both PM’s deal and no deal push up chances of united #Ireland
Theresa May is more resilient that a cockroach if I was her I’d have resigned a year ago fuck this Brexit shit go and moved like David Cameron living his life building sheds
A “manufactured” Brexit migrant crisis masks new risks ahead
Performance art piece spends four days trying to 'reverse Brexit'
100? That's an even smaller minority of MEPs than the 209 minority of MPs who signed a letter opposing a WTO brexit.
This is awesome dedication from the wonderful Tulip Siddiq MP but surely there should be proxy voting.
Nigel, do you sing “A Nation Once Again” in the shower? You sure are acting like a Nationalist. DUP never backed Brexit to win. Just for Catholics to lose. Own goal.
This Brexit deal will never ever happen, not even 1% chance of that. I said, if could spend $20 billion for border wall and make agree EU, then was fine but other way was adopted and it has no possibility.
A face I would love to slap with a smelly wet fish......
Sky's last poll showed 21% of people don't believe Brexit will happen. Most polls show a split between leave, no deal, 2nd referendum and remain. You also make the mistake of assuming everyone who wants a 2nd referendum wants to remain. One upside rise in corporation tax take
If we do not leave the European Union cleanly on 29 March 2019, I fear for the outcome to our democratic way of life in the UK. The anger will be unstoppable.
What this pathetic lump of lard means is that he would not survive a No Brexit &amp; not recover politically. Remaining would boost the £ &amp; confidence in what is now a joke country.
lets just remove the "No" from that sentence, then we have the truth from the disgraced former Defence Secretary, oddly.
What is the point of winning the vote on a make-believe deal? In any case backstop pretty good for UK. More concern about blind #brexit
Voting against this deal makes remain more likely. I’m voting for Brexit.
We don’t get to change our minds idiot... we have to respect the result and wait 4-12 years for a change in government. Let’s give Brexit a whirl, given the decline in the EU they would have us back in an instant if we decided down the line we wanted back in FACT.
You have a democratic mandate to IMPLEMENT Brexit as stated in your manifesto
BBC News - Brexit: Could leaving with no deal cause traffic jams? This is classified as a BBC "Reality Check" . Apparently. Thanks, BBC, I could not tell reality without you, really.
Another Johnson bites the Brexit dust. Even if unrelated...
Brexit
Having just watched Brexit: an Uncivil War I find the parallels and the connection to Trump more than unsettling and self-destructive. Who gains and how: the short sellers. Soros didn’t dupe anybody, these guys did &amp; are. Graft, not speculation here.
Someone is selling 'Brexit Boxes' which is box emergency food supplies. Apparently they have sold 600 so far, which is enough to make it into BBC news haha.
Lies it's a triple lock forever the Brits aren't gullible you unelected drunkard.
I am sick and tired of Gary Lineker spouting off. Don’t know why he thinks his followers could care less about his views on Brexit. They probably don’t even care about his options on crisps!
If Theresa May was trying to thwart Brexit without looking like she was thwarting Brexit, what would she have done differently?
Brace yourself, #Brexit
Brexit clock is ticking and as each second passes by, it gets more and more confusing.
Theresa May needs to be held to account big time for pulling the vote a month ago, making zero changes and bringing it back after running down the clock. How incompetent and what an embarrassment this whole Brexit mess is.
When is the ACTUAL vote on Brexit...v Tuesday 15th January. Although exact timings are yet to be confirmed, it is expected to take place between 7pm-9pm. To me it looks like: buy the rumor, sell the facts - UK economy is contracting hard....
Indeed just let's revoke Article 50.
It's you playing with fire you fucking numpty if you think by voting for this deal it delivers Brexit,shame on you for allowing yourself to be bought you soon to be ex MP for Gainsborough
what going on. Qu'est-ce qui se passe. one hunted Brexit. one hunted shutdown. one hunted yellow jacket
Around one third of the population voted for Brexit. In no way can it be deemed the 'will of the people'. The UK should have mandatory voting on subjects of constitutional importance, and the vote extended to both British overseas as well as EU citizens in the UK.
Am I missing something...we are told if its voted down then the remainers in parliament will take over and amend everything to get Brexit stopped , government to fall and or a 2nd ref???????
Darren, you broke the law and unless you have found a way of communicating with the dead then your current number for leave voters is 16.5 million. Just under one million of leave demographic has sadly passed away. #brexitshambles #peoplesvote #Brexit
All countries company's charge an import fee to protect their own production capabilities but seek best import fees to keep prices low
A Brexit parable. Host: “like a beer?” Guest: “actually I’d really love a glass of wine, if you’ve got some.” Host: “well, I think I’ve got some Blue Nun in the fridge” Guest: “you know what, beer sounds just perfect tonight.” Host: “But you can’t change your mind!”
Many flags outside #westminster today #brexit
that when he made those undertakings, he didn't believe that stopping Brexit was politically feasible, but now does and so has turned his back on the manifesto commitment)
No Brexit by far the worst outcome for the whole of the country!! It would be just fine for the treacherous gravy train MP’s!!!
Exactly ... And now having the GALL to tell us It's MY DEAL or NO BREXIT does May &amp; her REMAIN Traitors have a DEATH WISH ?
it is simply not true that 85% of the voting population voted for Brexit in 2017. They weren't voting on Brexit at all. May lost her majority because of the dementia tax.
Angry, little man in Brexit shocker.
Cardiff distance themselves from Warnock's pro-Brexit views - #FootyNews #FootballNews #SoccerNews
WE BURY ALL BULLSHIT #CHRISTIANITY #BREXIT #DEMOCRACY #XYZ
There is definitely a narrative of push this through or there's no Brexit. How dare they.
UK politics, ladies and gents.
Plenty of managers were asked about Brexit impact on signings. Only Neil dumb enough to lose his head. No conspiracy here.
How on Earth did Brexit happen? Why, oh why is our political discourse so aggressive? And how very dare you criticise the people who have written, commissioned, and published articles that have whipped up bigotry!
The Brexiteers who think that if there are shortages or unavailable foods we can just buy other brands have clearly never met an autistic child. They’d rather starve. #brexit #autism
'Leave with no deal' emerges as top response in Northampton Brexit survey #Brexit
When I've spoken to any finance person in the square mile in my constituency, London, this is what I've heard. Watch for this &amp; Brexit mix. The sub-prime timebomb is back – this time companies are lighting the fuse
I think there’s a very small possibility - but yes. Parliament forces the government to extend Article 50. Government falls. There’s a general election. Anti-Brexit majority returned to parliament. This is an almost impossibly tall order though.
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins | Opinion | The Guardian
wto way to go
this is why we shouldn’t have taken that tiny margin as a majority enough to leaving brexit in the first place. the whole campaign was built on lies. idiots.
Ha ha welcome to the Brexit spirit 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal
We are now at rock bottom
As things stand that referendum would fail. However, in the medium to long term, Brexit will have (already has had) the effect of making a United Ireland more likely after 2 decades of slow decline in support for it since the GFA. I still think it probably won't happen, tho
Sir Ivan knows more about the EU &amp; the Brexit process than pretty much every MP in Westminster put together - which isn't hard, admittedly: … (2/3) &gt;
Well said Boris
I love the fact that you are utterly intent on crashing the U.K. economy on the Brexit altar. You are blinded to reasoned argument and common sense. Please just stop.
We have a better idea of what’s on offer from EU, lots of info on possible options off the back of a hard Brexit and off the back of the May deal, a better view of the rest of the world, more time for people to understand what going through the WTO might mean, more detail on risk
Let’s hope she’s on knees crawling out of number 10 for good come Wednesday morning the treacherous bitch,the only people who are scared of Brexit are the rich bankers ,globalists and they’re servants in Westminister.
I'm an OAP, but certainly wouldn't vote for Brexit. I happen to care about my children and grandchildren. I want them to have a future in Europe together.
I don’t want another referendum. I want the whole thing called off for being stupid and embarrassing, and then a personalised hand-written apology from David Cameron. #Brexit
Yes it did - but it's changed its mind now.
Here you go. Suck the racism out of that. It is a perfectly legitimate English literature term. I admit I've changed the word 'the' from 'that' to make it fit, but if you can see a hint of racism in this, I'll eat my Dickensian cap - which we all have to wear post-Brexit.
Boris talk a lot of sense. Give him the time and listen to many of his Brexit comments
It's all going to plan then! #Tories imploding.
What she means is "We've never had a referendum in England that we've not honoured the result of" She and her mates were perfectly happy to vote against the results of referendums in Wales and Scotland. This really shows the Welsh and Scots where they are in the pecking order.
“Judging May’s Brexit deal by her own standards” by
Question. If the people’s of the U.K. have given an order to the government to leave the eu, but we do not, will the police who with the consent of the people stop a rebellion by the people for the people, does that mean the police will be conspiring to stop Brexit?
Theresa May’s fabricated nonsense .
May tries to pull lawmakers behind Brexit deal with warning, EU letter
UK DEMOCRACY IS GOING DOWN THE TUBES IF #NODEALBREXIT IS NOT PASSED BREXIT LIVE: Theresa May hit by shock resignation on eve of crucial vote - PM ON BRINK ALL TRAITORS ARE EXPOSED !
UK NOW HAS PROBLEM WHICH USED TO SOLVE PROBLEMS OF D WORLD!
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
Exclusive! British Prime Minister in urgent need of new pair of trousers. #PantsOnFire #BrexitLiar
Time until BREXIT is 74 days, 07 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
There are 1772 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 1772 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
Whip’s job is to corral the vote. When he resigns the day before it’s virtually certain that the vote will fail. Question is, then what?
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays caesarean to vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal.
Not in the family portrait: BME voters and Brexit – Part 1 #Brexit #MDClassics
. release statement stating the club doesn't support Neil Warnock's pro-Brexit remarks
Move over Brexit, it's all about Chexit now - so says this iconic #Chester shop
Tesco in talks to stockpile goods awaiting Brexit
Preparing for the worst: Britons stockpile food in case Brexit causes shortages
Forget about brexit for 1 minute. I want to see if the Conservatives should be in power. Why hasn't HELENS LAW BEEN PASSED. This is a travisty. Hope you have the decency to reply and get this law passed
Brexit is 1784 hours away. #brexit
The will of the people is for a sweet brexit. MPs must not be allowed to negotiate a sneaky brexit!
Do you think Jeremy Corbyn should support a People's Vote referendum? 8 663 users have voted. Share your opinion!
May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation, says
Theresa May warns Brexit is in peril ahead of key vote on her deal
It was saying 'hundreds' (in a country of &gt;60million) are buying boxes of emergency brexit supplies. (Presume someone's put together a 'Brexit box' &amp; managed to PR it well)
Cloudy, with outbreaks of Brexit - Holland Park Press
In their deliberations over Brexit this week, Parliamentarians should remember that they are there to represent the people, not to dominate them.
I cant hear about Brexit for much longer its making me phisicaly ill.
Going, going...#stopbrexit with a #peoplesvote before the NHS is gone.
At Let's Buy British we truly care about British made goods. By choosing to follow us and support these businesses, you are contributing to the UK's economy and creating thriving businesses across the UK. #letsbuybritish #madeinbritain #britishmanufacturing #brexit
"Markets are still assuming that politicians are responsible adults who won't crash the country in the end." – Ladies and gentlemen, I offer exhibits A and B: ABdeP Johnson and JW Rees-Mogg
Theresa May says no Brexit more likely than no deal
Leeds for Europe Demonstration 5.30pm tomorrow - let me know if anyone wants to join me.
"aspirational"
Nuclear...well its better than agreeing to the WA and giving our defence including nuclear weapons to the EU in the process. Imagine those weapons in their hands. Black shoe...brown shoe...oooops red button oh shit! #brexit #wtobrexit #leave #peoplesvote #remain #standupforbrexit
London Markets: FTSE 100 drops on China gloom, Brexit-vote jitters
Aya has encapsuled everything BREXIT and the mess it's about. People are truely blinded by hate and claims of sovereignty. What a joke.
#NewsInBrief: UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after Brexit?
Not true, there are a variety of reasons for supporting brexit. I do because of the EU's corruption, elitism and contempt for democracy.
#Brexit means #Betsit: "Please gamble (our country's future) responsibly."
Final 20 places: Key focus sessions Workplace Reforms, #Brexit, #Immigration, Employment #Tribunal trends, Early #Conciliation. #Pay #EthicalWorking #personaliability in #Whistleblowing, #NDAs #ModernSlavery and #compliance.” Join us on Tuesday 22 Jan
UK scientists worried over ‘no-deal’ Brexit
Scottish business leaders from across the farming and food and drink industries have called on politicians to avoid a no-deal Brexit
BBC News - Theresa May says no Brexit more likely than no deal
It could get worse...not entirely sure how, but if recent days have taught me anything, it's that things may look bad now, but give it an hour or so... #Brexit
Apathy on this is a gift for leading Leave supporters. I know it's not easy (I regularly just want to put my fingers in my ears because it's SO depressing and disappointing) but we need to keep talking, writing &amp; objecting.
Brexit isn't funny - It's a serious mental block ruining the life of most British Citizens/residents. Very disappointed in your lack of respect for mocking our national crisis.
I hold up my hands in all this now because there is so much information that is in opposite terms in as much that I think we need official advice
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
So, it's 2 years after the Referendum and i still haven't heard 1 good reason for staying in the EU. I'm more convinced now than I ever was that being a Remainer indicates the person is either gullible or a liar. #StandUp4Brexit #DitchTheDeal #Brexit
Ahead of tomorrow’s #BrexitVote, we’re inviting Brent residents to talk about how Brexit might affect our local community. There are still a handful of places left. To sign up, visit:
EEA family permit guidance and tips #eefamilypermit #eeafamilypermitrefusals #brexit
What do you think about the #PeoplesVote campaign? Do you want a second #Brexit referendum, do you back the Prime Minister's deal or do you think we should leave with no deal at all? Share your thoughts with us!
Late to this but the DUP have been having a think about UK regional funding policy after Brexit ie. what replaces the European Regional Development Funds (ERDF) and European Social Funds (ESF).
This is the Brexit con. All of our ills were/are blamed on the EU. The government takes credit for EU initiatives and investment making people ignorant of the genuine source so that they undervalue the EU and it’s relevance/influence on their lives.
Jeremy you need a second referendum to halt this Brexit thing, most young people don't want it, most people do not want it these days. Have a proper one based on the truth and not barefaced lies.
A clarifying explanation of how, Brextremists &amp; racists, lied about, &amp; weaponised immigration for partisan political purposes. So called "left behind" voters were lied to in order to foist Brexit on a nation under the cosh of poor govt decisions #PeoplesVote
Labour Brexit splits deepen as more MPs come out to back May's Brexit deal despite Corbyn ordering them to vote
$UKX - LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Drops On China Gloom, Brexit-vote Jitters
I read it all, my wrists are now healing. Opt-outs are going to dissapear, all countries will have at most 5 years to clear them up or declare a national emergency. The only exception on the euro if I read it right, (I am not a lawyer) is Denmark. The euro, military &amp; Schengen
It’s a short term band aid. Kicking the issue into the long grass. Brexit means Brexit. JUST DO IT.
All great ideas except we need to have a thriving economy for *any* of these wonderful ideas to ever happen. Brexit is the enemy of our future prosperity. Jo is a pie-in-the-sky fantascist.
3/3) In the lecture, Sir Ivan explains the reality of Brexit &amp; negotiating w/the EU: and how the UK *might* be able to survive its biggest political crisis in generations. … SPOILER ALERT: It's not looking good for the UK currently.
The general election wasn't a vote on brexit, what about 1975?
$UKX - LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Drops On China Gloom, Brexit-vote Jitters
Good point. All we know about her is that she likes animals* and pubs. What about her views on Brexit, the environment, food banks, austerity??? *badgers and foxes not included
Brexit threatens to exacerbate the skills shortage, with 57% fearing a lack of free movement will leave them unable to fill roles.
Tom I am absolutely pissed of the mess that’s been made of Brexit but I’d still have to vote Tories vote Corbyn in and we’d be in more mess if I could bother my arse to go to the polling station
A Bonfire of the idiots.
Brexit is survivable... put that on the side of a bus etc #StopBrexit
Perfect sentence for #Brexit
That's not a loop, there are literally hundreds of lorries full of flaming turds.. Welcome to brexit.
A referendum doesn't have to be the last word, Britain, just look at Macedonia _ Leonid Bershidsky via
Silly girl.
A “manufactured” Brexit migrant crisis masks new risks ahead: ( )
Bankers salaries face BREXIT cut - City bankers unhappy with new employment contracts. Doyle Clayton’s Dan Begbie-Clench in the news and leading the discussion. Read Dan’s thoughts, published in here:
But...Brexit you arses
Unlikely. Keith Barron's dead now...
Despite political uncertainties around Brexit, we’ve upgraded the UK’s ad spend forecast from 4.7% to 6.1% in 2019. Learn more in our new #AdSpend report:
There is not think as 'hard' Brexit. it is simply Leave.
Blindfold Brexit
Great thread....
There is no positive optimistic #Brexit.... Brexit is bad. ...it will make Britain poorer... #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit is entering the endgame. Decisions will be made. At the Killarney Economic Conference key political, business and academic leaders debate the big questions on the impact Brexit will have. 17th &amp; 18th January . Register now: #politics
I thought Oliver Letwin MP was one of the good guys and for Brexit but then suddenly a few weeks ago he morphed into a remoaner replicant. He and the other EU first saddos need therapy.
3 The EP elections could just as easily return a contingent of pro-EU MEP who will make it work this time, as opposed to Fartage and his mob 4 There is no pro-Brexit party that will win any elections, only Brexiter factions. The best way out will be a #PeoplesVote
The May-Juncker duet’s last-minute scam is ready to shove the #brexit vote down the throat of the #british people for good! #UK don’t you deserve better than that ? #yellowvests #NodealBrexit #LeaveNow or be sorry forever
Jobs First Brexit.. In the new UK post Brexit those who voted Leave will get the role of giving the brooms to those that voted Remain to sweep the streets??
LIVE: UK parliament continues Brexit deal debate on the eve of the vote Via | Ruptly
'Real and present danger' = "opportunity to stop a brexit sold on lies" via
Has anyone given assurances on the free movement of footballers after Brexit ?
#BSG Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Monotony (a Brexit Update) via
You're greedy selfish &amp; exceptionally cruel. You put yourself &amp; your party first. You obviously don't care about 99% of us. You're a liar and totally irresponsible going ahead with Brexit. May your God deal with you with absolutely no mercy whatsoever.
Yes #NOBREXIT PLEASE !!! Theresa May tells MPs to back her deal or risk no Brexit at all
No Brexit more likely if May loses her vote she says :) Yay!
These are the daily crimes of a Tory Govt. Brexit is only one issue that JC will have to fix when he walks into number 10 #GTTO #GeneralElectionNow
EU offers Brexit reassurance but no changes to deal
Mel Stride Financial sec to treasury paymaster gen leaving this afternoons brexit cabinet meeting showing some disturbing facts !!!!
The latest The Osama Bin Javaid Daily! Thanks to #brexit #parliament
Silvio knows
To show are support for new brexit yellow jacket revolushun craze what is sweeping the country even are British balldog is now wearing yellow jacket actually! #YellowVestsUK #giletsjaunes
Tomorrow they vote about #Brexit deal Not sure what is the result Very worried infact
Arguably the Cons won 2015 because they promised an EU ref, bringing back voters from UKIP. Then we had the ref and leave won. Then the public had the opportunity to reverse it in 2017, and they chose to back the brexit-supporting parties.
You worry that Can You Brexit might tip over into boredom or political screed or dumb edgy comedy. Instead, it does what most of the media has failed to do over the past 3 years: gives you real insight into why the whole Brexit process is so damn fraught.
'You judge a society on how it treats its most vulnerable citizens, and Westminster is failing people like my daughter on all counts' – blogs
The GBP is in an unenviable position as it awaits the UK parliament's vote on Brexit. #Equiti #Market #EquitiME #FX #Forex #Economic #Middle_East #ME #Market_Forecast #GBP #Euro #US #Dollar #Federal #Gold #USD
The market is acting like Brexit won't happen
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Blocking Brexit will spark rise of 'extremist' politics, minister warns
Very rare that I agree with Hodges (I think he is a prize chunt) but this one is worth the retweet.
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’
EU says not in a position to agree to anything that changes withdrawal agreement in Brexit backstop letter via ForexLive #forex #fx
They have dumped 90% of their manifesto. Why if you are so bothered are you not complaining about that?...All the votes have been under a fear and an abuse of the system. If the Greens or SNP abused the system we would have ref's every fing week, Accept reality, brexit is dead
If UK Parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what's Plan B?
The negative environmental impacts of Brexit are rarely mentioned. Transporting produce to and from further afield will have an increased carbon footprint and work against climate change targets. Scandalous really, especially considering that its uneccessary.
This is another reason why #Brexit is so daft oh #LabourRebels. We're gonna get migration both in &amp; out of Europe, but we'll be weaker alone when it comes to the negotiating. It's actually better to be in Europe. Our largest Trade Partner, &amp; a supply of skilled people. #Remain
You are for Brexit and Russia? Why?
Thank you, , I’m now a fellow card-carrying Lib Dem, too. Left Labour due to Corbyn's pro-Brexit agenda and tolerance of racism against people like me
Portugal to welcome Brits even without Brexit deal
Steve Bannon puppet Boris Johnson has been quoted talking about a "deep state conspiracy" to stop Brexit. Any day now he'll propose a wall to keep the French out, and make Britain great again.
Totally wrong Mr Boles. You mp's have a duty to ensure the UK leaves the EU. Quite simple. There is no hard or soft brexit. Only brexit.
Trade figures including , and 's Christopher Hamilton-Emery consider the impact that a no-deal Brexit would have on the book industry: (£)
The 1969 treaty that could help the UK slip a Brexit trap
Brexit means Brexit
There is no such thing as 'EU money'. Only European taxpayers' money.
The Guardian: MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal. via
From #globalisation to #postrecession. Brand accordingly. #UK #London #Brexit
Bollocks brexit arguement:- "We're an island with limited resources, We have to look after our own" Rebuttal:- We are an island with limited resources! We need to import lots of them, whether they be materials or skilled/unskilled workers. We don't have enough of our own!
Is this the first time you've supported PMs Brexit vote demand and can you ask Aria Grande if she wants my band to support her in Manchester?
Thanks Anna that's really nice to hear! Don't miss next year's show when Brexit won't be funny anymore.
What i thought would happen anyway and it was the weakness of the Ref
amazing
Terrible that she has had to consider this, amazing she is doing it. I hope all goes well for her and the baby.
Dear . Please remember democacy is not a single event or my 1975 vote takes precedence over 2016 #brexit vote, which was undemocratic (party-driven, poor 'yes/no' design, simple majority on consitutional issue) &amp; advisory not an "instruction".
What happens if Theresa May loses Brexit vote - Sky News European populist alliance is to challenge the EU over the future of the European Union. To claim sovereignty from unelected EU bureaucrats in and transfer key EU powers back to national capitals.
MAY SAID TO CONSIDER BACKING TORY MP AMENDMENT TO HER DEAL - BBG *MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE *EU HAS REJECTED U.K. CALLS TO ADD END-DATE TO BACKSTOP *PLAN WOULD SET DEC. 2021 END DATE TO IRISH BORDER BACKSTOP
Bird Box Brexit ... All the leavers have to put on the blindfold and then we just tell them we left. #Brexit #BirdBox
Am a long, long way from being John McDonnell's biggest fan - but if we were to balance his conscience against that of a well-paid centrist journalist I am pretty sure which would weigh heavier...
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Theresa May axes 'lie' from Brexit speech after critics point out it's not true - Mirror Online
"The government is actively assisting in that transition with its support of the venture capital ecosystem" - Tom Hopkins of discusses the effect of Brexit on #EIS in
Christ, there is a Brexit movie now? I don't know if I should laugh or cry - much like the real thing.
'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears [ ]
Is this a parody account or is he seriously voting with The Tories tomorrow?
do you see connection between and #deploreables ???
She inherited a problem that we all basically blame her and hate her for, she’s not heave a Brexiter, she’s a Remainer. She’s literally doing all she can to make it a soft Brexit or not Brexit at all man
GBP/USD: UK Parliament Still Likely to Reject May’s Brexit Deal via ActionForex #forex #fx
EU letter in full: What assurances have been offered for Brexit?
Exactly, that's why it MUST be thrown out and we must #LEAVE no deal! We can trade on WTO terms or whatever, trade with the rest of the world, the #EU needs us WAY more than we need them, they will soon need to agree trading on OUR terms!
You[the uk]are cheating the democracy. This is an don't want to come out of eu!Annal intercourse of democracy = brexit somersault!
It has ABSOLUTELY NO LEGAL EFFECT. Just like the Swire amendment.
This is an existential horror where nothing changes but signifies that everything will change. Where no deal is a huge deal. Where parliament won't speak cos there is too much talking. Stop brexit. Reboot the UK.
When you're finished messing up the Brexit farce perhaps you could turn to a more pressing issue of children being stabbed on the way to school. need more officers and the power to stop and search! ASAP
The EU sends letter of reassurance to Theresa May in last ditch attempt to prevent Brexit deal defeat
"Rise like Lions..."
Interesting comment live from outside Parliament
if #Brexit isn't resolved then I shall personally go and sort it myself!!!!
If true, this is pretty odd given the proposal is a total non-stater
Following French protesters, :Yellow Vests in U.K. England
You campaign for Brexit, you were told that it would look like this, you get this, and now you're not happy. What a strange state of affairs
Genuinely the worst parody account
"EU Willing to Extend Brexit Transition Period – Letter to May" #news #feedly
A classic from - Project Fear was stolen from the Scottish referendum and is meaningless. There never has been such nonsense and much of what was predicted has come true.
“Trump, Brexit, the refugee crisis and austerity are all clear examples of what happens to politics when compassion is edged out” – Compassion in Politics co-founder
With discussions on #CSR, #Brexit, #PPEbuyers, #Sustainability and more, it's no surprise tickets for the PCIAWSummit are selling fast. What discussion are you most looking forward to? #PCIAW
Ahead of crucial Brexit votes tomorrow I spoke about Britain's place in the world, our European identity &amp; urged other MPs to ask themselves if the Prime Minister's deal is better than the deal we have as a member of the EU - and if not, to give the people the final say on Brexit
So when May's deal is rejected is suggesting economic disaster is preferable to political disaster. That can't be what anyone wants. #brexit #RevokeArticle50
Brexit is about a privileged few exploiting the underprivileged many with the purpose of keeping both in their respective places.
Theresa May refuses to rule out Brexit article 50 extension
"The ceremony of innocence is drowned; The best lack all conviction, while the worst Are full of passionate intensity." WB Yeats The Second Coming.
are you a stupid idiot ? look up definition what has 'brexit' got to do with #GiletJaune OR is it case when don't have fart in morning ...blame 'fartsit' must be constant ringing noise in head get well soon xbratMan
D'ont give up
Make sure they never hold office again,arrogant toff.
DUP MP Nigel Dodds said: "There is nothing new about the DUP. Nothing has changed. No. No. No."
BBCNEWS 7:00am MAY BREXIT SPEECH
I'm not sure which is more depressing. The fact that you clearly hate your country by wishing for a No Deal Brexit, or that your brand of "patriotism" co-opts a French idea with no apparent irony.
The latest The Twice Daily Doodad! Thanks to #brexit #venezuela
I intrepret this as Brexit vote which is tomorrow will rattle the market but the important China US trade agreement will be positive which will propel the market upwards. Due your due diligence but I have had good luck with the Bradely Siderograph as a tool for about 13 years.
Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes #China #Beijing #robins #birds #Spring #Brexit #UK #EU #politics #trade
When Theresa May proclaimed ‘no deal is better than a bad deal’, she was talking primarily about the long-term UK-EU relationship, not the initial divorce.
I'd just say not "we" (experts), but only Tory gov and MPs. Theresa May (and MPs) still have a chance of correcting it, if they placed country above their pride and selfishness!
Outrageous totally inappropriate text sent to Andrea Jenkyns from an MP’s wife regarding the PM’s deal. No Deal is better than a bad deal. Who thinks Andrea should raise this in the house? #bullying #CleanBrexit
Our government is a traitorous organization
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
On your oen head be it then.
It's a catch phrase as they had on the fast show...' Suits you sir '
As implied the USA is a bad example of it. But I'm not really that decided whether I would like a federal EU or not yet. I do not understand it enough yet. I am far more concerned that we do not brexit.
New health secretary received £32,000 in donations from chair of think tank that wants #NHS 'abolished' #OurNHS #Brexit #UniversalCredit #Skypapers #Newsnight
Any brexit will be a horror for ordinary people.
An election would be a headache for Labour – and all-out war for the Tories
this affects every single person:
On a serious note re Brexit stockpiling: I do have a couple of king size Bombay bad boy pot noodles in the cupboard for emergencies.
An important decision such as Brexit shouldn’t have been based on a simple majority. The PM herself, like the rest of the population didn’t know the meaning of BREXIT before the referendum. She voted remain. We all know the meaning of BREXIT now.
Great research by #Savills as always, but usurped by tomorrow's vote, which could be prelude to wiping c20% from this with potential #GE equating to Labour &amp; 1970's Rent Controls etc. As an aside #WA &amp; #FTA will see current stagnation continue for transition period out to 20XX
'Jobs First Brexit' what does that mean?
Let us know your views
A.k.a Brexit.
funny thing about brexit is that remain believed (James probably too) it could not lose. Generally, remainers can buy their way through the mess. So rather punt no deal and let leavers go to blazes?
Brexit uncertainty could see you save thousands when buying a new car this month
no Brexit is "politically a disaster from which we (i.e. CONSERVATIVE PARTY) might not recover"
The market is acting like Brexit won't happen
This is deeply troubling. No Deal Must be Stopped. #StopNoDeal
We love music &amp; Brexit kills it . Let’s all stand up &amp; demand a PeoplesVote. We must not stamp out creativity .
I agree with every word of this brilliantly nuanced analysis. Leave versus Remain - essentially a form of 'divide and conquer' - is a distraction. The real enemy is not 'Johnny Foreigner' or the institutions of the EU, but neoliberal ideology augmented by a brutal ruling class.
Well....that’s good news
GRIEVE OUT: Tory Grassroots Turn On Brexit Wreckers via
In a word,NO!
I know! Is it because only fools and liars still claim there are economic benefits to Brexit?
Implied Probability of Brexit on 29th March fallen from 36.5% to 25% over the past week
'the UK appears set to remain in nearly all institutions of the EU for a period directly after 29 March 2019, whether the UK is a member of the EU in name or not thereafter'
In a infinite stochastic reality, No logical basis or mind big enough to comprehend &amp; compute the relative merits of Brexit Deals! Toss a coin if you don’t Trust #TeresaMay, don’t worry if Boris Brains Johnson thinks you look stupid as the tosser doesn’t have a clue either!
Did you give the leaflets to people who support a peoplesvote (waste of a leaflet) or those that don't (waste of a leaflet unless the leaflet makes them change their mind.) It might work for say 10% of the latter group. And some of them would then vote for Brexit in a peoplesvote
Anti-Brexit MPs are playing a dangerous game via
They'll never realize nobody wants to listen to them or trust them. That's how they're able to make so many mistakes.
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' SHE CANNOT BE TRUSTED
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, public opinion is shifting – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock
"The prospect of a no-deal Brexit...." You can bet other businesses beside are suffering. This isn't the end. It isn't even the beginning of the end. It's the end of the beginning.....
TV licensing and BBC impartiality. Or anything but Brexit.
Deselection must follow...
Your not voting for Brexit but for Mrs May!!!
Brexit uncertainty could see you save thousands when buying a new car this month
Yes absolutely. "Didn't understand" is a remoaner construct. Also we ditch the unelected, unaccountable, drunken, bullying, arrogant, foreign commissars whose ultimate aim is a post-democratic, totalitarian united states of Europe...
“No-one in the EU wants a no-deal Brexit – that is the least favoured option." Richard Butler, regional director of recently gave us his predictions for the outcome of the #Brexit deal that was put on the table in late November. Read more:
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake': The PM says MPs can end uncertainty in Tuesday's vote as she welcomes new assurances on Northern Ireland.
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ #showprep #feedly
WTO guarantees we leave. Vote down mays deal. No brexit you will hang Cleverly
Yea and if they try to stop WTO...there will for sure be some legal shenanigans to follow from those that are in the know...for a certainty..
How would it feel to legitimately win a legitimate democratic vote only for your government to straight up not carry forward the result? Doesn’t that mean your vote is literally worth nothing and your entire democracy is a sham and therefore a oligarchy? #Brexitvote #Brexit
Remain syndrome confirmed as a mental health issue. Femi, please seek help bro!
DON'T PANIC!! Minister snapped with what could be no-deal prep...
Considering the UK property market, which of the following #Brexit decisions would be worst/scariest for the stability of the housing market? This question led to mixed responses at the Developer’s Boardroom last week! #London #Property #Development #Housing #HousingCrisis
GBP/USD - What to look forward to from the Brexit vote
Am a long, long way from being John McDonnell's biggest fan - but if we were to balance his conscience against that of a well-paid centrist journalist I am pretty sure whose would win... …
"The UK’s immigration system is currently a malfunctioning mess. It’s overly complicated, opaque and weighed down with political and social expectations that cannot be met."
Brexit and China Dominates Headlines, Yen Stays Strong via ActionForex #forex #fx
For what it's worth I believe there'll be a no deal Brexit simply because of Ireland's appalling attitude towards Israel - the G-d of Israel is not sleeping and there'll be a just recompense
Sure - being in #EU may be better for the City (although even that’s a problem being outside of #Eurozone) but that’s not possible given the #EURef result. And there are other considerations than the City. That’s why Norway plus is the best option for #Brexit UK
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, public opinion is shifting – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock - The Independent
Yet another great analysis from NIcholas Stone. A dark but very realistic assessment of Theresa May's predicament. Is EU right to decline further Brexit negotiations? by
It is their Brexit policy after all.
De-selection surely
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
No he will not.He wants to reverse Brexit, he has made that clear from the start. He would vote any deal down.
You can take Brexit, built you won’t take my wood burner!!!!
If you’re a Detective in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Catching up on #bbcpoliticslive Can you pls stop Brexiteers high jacking why 84% voted in the last general election for Brexit. I voted on many issues but their version of Brexit wasn’t one of them. In fact I voted remain &amp; this shambles only makes me think I was right all along!
Brexit will enable them. Another reason it needs to be stopped.
What a betrayal. She's obviously creating this horrible deal with the intention of scrapping Brexit altogether. Get Theresa May out of there and get Britain out of the EU--no deal necessary!
The latest Orrbit! #ausopen #brexit
I have real issues with people telling me that if I care about stopping Brexit then I do not care about austerity. False association. But let us put their stance to the test. How about we don't do Brexit TILL we eradicate austerity and its consequences? I am all up for that.
'We have a Brexit shelf': readers prepping for the no deal scenario
EU letter in full: What assurances have been offered for Brexit?
The only real shortage Brexit has caused is a shortage of Brexit.
I absolutely like the idea that no brexit would damage current politics so badly that it couldnt recover. Then we might get the reform and PR so badly needed.
Something we’re thinking about, as we bounce around Europe:
There is no "soft Brexit"! It's a fantasy! Almost as much of a fantasy as the deluded notion that the British state is EVER going to cooperate with the independence campaign.
Sound like a right couple of jokers, cancel the order! Send back Farage x 100. Meanwhile in London, Theresa May is about to give birth, all stations over to the Brexit delivery room for the grand event!
People's faith in the democratic process has already suffered catastrophic harm! BECAUSE OF YOU and your pathetic govt! #Brexit #GeneralElectionNow
Happy N-EU Year: Brexit, Romanian Presidency and Shifting Political Winds
One word, deselect them all. The next parliament will be a Brexit parliament. Come on
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Coming from the cabinet minister who backed it?? Surely not?
And Venezuela is top of your priorities because...? #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
Britain.
The so called "Mother of Parliaments" has become a Monster. These MPs are all taking the piss out of Electorate. If we don't leave the "EU" then "Westminster" should be torn down. #BBC #ITV
I’ve started my Brexit Box.
Few months ago as the Brexit lies and chaos ramped up we tweeted this ...were we wrong in our assessment of the mind of ? Meanwhile her fellow bunker mate Minister for War suggests military use paintballs against Spanish ships. Cognitive break down?
I for one will not waste my time voteing again
Dan Jarvis: Government must give Yorkshire the powers to prepare for post-Brexit challenges &lt; 'As we look beyond Brexit' no mention of how Dan will be voting tomorrow.
New post: GBP / USD: what will happen to the Source: Forex Analysis {$inli #Forex #ForexAnalysis #currencypairs
Brexit means Brexit
#EU tries to give #TheresaMay reassurance to use ahead of #Brexit vote, but clarity not always helpful: “not in a position to agree to anything that changes or is inconsistent with Withdrawal Agreement”.
I see no reason whatsoever not to attack Corbyn, he is more pro Brexit than the PM.
Neil Warnock: Cardiff City distance themselves from manager's Brexit stance after 'to hell with the rest of the world' comments
#EU: Can confirm that, like UK, do not wish to see backstop enter into force... would represent suboptimal trading relationship.” #Brexit
Oh no Bobson Dugnutt or some shit has resigned.
There's no such thing as extreme Brexit .
You think Brexit will be done and dusted in March? If allowed to go ahead (WA or 'no deal'), we have YEARS of this to look forward to: sorting out post-WA deal with EU, deals with other countries, issues caused by breaking current relationships, Irish border future... #StopBrexit
So...not so much 'national suicide' as not even a recession. What the hell is Grieve on?
The Northern Irish Majority voted against Brexit, but are represented in Westminster by ten non- EU MEPs. One of many absurdities!
This is the same who reckons it would be the easiest deal ever and would have 70 - 80 deals in place before we leave ? Delusional or a liar you decide #BrexitShambles #brexit
I'd argue the FTSE 250 underperformance since the Brexit ref is a confirmation of this very same thesis about the rule of law.
May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation, says mariacaulfield
The polls are clear: support for staying in the EU has rocketed | Peter Kellner
:cough:
Well done to the Wokingham team for this pro #Remain press coverage of their #Brexitometer
Representatives of the Island's agricultural, dairy, fisheries and aquaculture industries are taking part in an expert roundtable discussion with Ministers and senior officials as part of Ready for Brexit week. #ReadyBrex #Brexit
Labour should oppose Brexit and by and large does, but it’s leader, Corbyn who maybe has a lot more support among Labour voters than Labour MPs is at best soft on the issue.
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it via
Amidst Brexit meltdown, #Toyota calmly starts #Corolla production
You would think for a person on over £150k/ year, that Theresa May could afford a jacket that fitted correctly! Short sleeves, short body, looks like she shops in a kids shop #DitchTheDeal #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #TheresaMay #mothercare
Oh well, no Brexit then!
All the lies told over the last three years unravelling fast now. Fox really means he might not survive no Brexit
Well thank heaven for the divine JC putting the Labour Party ahead of the national interest. #FinalSayForAll
MPs voted through article 50 for Brexit Default being leave with no deal if no agreement reached with EU And thats just fine by me
Its the brexit prefers, apart from that I've no idea
The Govt Whip, #GarethJohnson concluded that he could not whip himself to vote for the Govt tomorrow so he had to resign so that he can be whipped by his replacement - which he will ignore. #Brexit #CrazyBrexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitMadness
Hmm... chose her course - a double blind: a fake BREXIT Dept &amp; a concealed real one - excluding the Cabinet. She chose to accept the EU's approach every step. She was actually negotiating with her own gov't for the EU. At no point has she or the Chancellor...
He claims the Labour party is a democracy. Labour party members don't want Brexit. He doesn't have to 'hold together' anything.....he needs to represent the members demands or stand down.
Brexit Trailer : Brexit: The Uncivil War Official Trailer (2018) HBO TV Movie | Movie Trailers 2019
After the brexit vote it became clear that Vote Leave, fronted by government ministers, was corrupt, broke UK electoral law (Fact) and may have been funded by a hostile foreign power? Who paid for the DUP metro ad? Where did Banks get the funds for his £9M donation?
Lynda from Wakefield: "I am not worried about Brexit, I am worried about the aftermath"
This is such an important week. We are planning a long march to the allotment once the Glorious Brexit Revolution has been won in readiness for the food shortages ahead.
For those MPs wanting to stop Brexit and those MPs wanting an immediate clean break-it will obviously change nothing. It'll be interesting to see how the MPs who may willing to compromise react.
#Brexit "Little was written about the 3rd class passengers of the Titanic; the US Senate and British investigations never bothered to interview any of the 3rd class survivors". #BorisJohnson will be Bruce Ismay? We will be the poor fuckers left to drown!
thats upside I hadnt considered..bring it on.
That's not really an alternative to Brexit... that's just asking the question again...
Brexit was 53%. Meaning that Neil Warnock is more progressive than Brexit.
How Theresa May Betrayed Brexit via
UK Prime Minister Theresa May today ramped up warnings to members of Parliament poised to reject her EU divorce deal that failing to deliver Brexit would be catastrophic for British democracy. May is widely expected to lose tomorrow’s crucial House of Commons vote.
MPs lose the right to the people's trust if they renege on their contract with the people over the Brexit Referendum of 23 6 16 and vote down the deals tomorrow.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote (via Guardian):
‘It’s my deal or no Brexit’: Theresa May’s last-ditch ‘meaningful vote’ speech – in full.
Kind of sums Brexit up really!
New post: Brexit: Scenarios of the movement of Source: Forex Analysis {$inli #Forex #ForexAnalysis #currencypairs
Seriously? Like seriously? ‘’Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears’
If we can reverse Brexit, then we can reverse the decision to remove the great RadMac from weekday afternoons
Where are all the youngsters that will apparently be so affected by brexit?
I thought he just bought a house abroad? My guess is his comments are in relation to signing players from EU clubs rather than a statement on the wider politics.
Call my cynical but it definitely looks like that piece of paper has been deliberately pulled out of the folder to be snapped. If not it is incredibly daft.
'We have a Brexit shelf': readers prepping for the no deal scenario
Please sign this and share everywhere
. : *MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE *MAY SAID TO CONSIDER BACKING TORY MP AMENDMENT TO HER DEAL *EU HAS REJECTED U.K. CALLS TO ADD END-DATE TO BACKSTOP *PLAN WOULD SET DEC. 2021 END DATE TO IRISH BORDER BACKSTOP
We need a proxy voting system for heavily pregnant MPs, and new mums/dads. When I was full term with my baby in June I was medically advised not to travel from Lancashire to Westminster for votes but, if there had have been an option to cast votes remotely I would have done.
MPs voting down May’s Brexit deal are the elite revolting against democracy it's
femi What happens to the island of Ireland with a no deal? Would there be a hard border?
The Brexit debate: It's time to call a halt to physical and verbal intimidation
Theresa May told huge lies in her #Brexit speech today and everybody knows it
Yes the national polls do show No Deal is preferred over May's deal but when you put those two options against Remain, Remain has the most support of all three by a long way. #Brexit
Dear Laura. The UK is not in the middle of this Brexit chaos as a result of divisions in the Labour Party - is it? Which Party's internal divisions - is it a result of? When are BBC going to accept their responsibilty? The free pass you give to this Govt has caused this.
Lord Neuberger: 'Powerful argument' to suggest legislation needed to halt Brexit
LIVE: Brexit deal | Final day of Lords debate | House of Lords
#Breaking #BBC #News Hardtalk: Novelist Jonathan Coe's new book touches on Brexit and gender. #World #Tv
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Let’s get this out there #NowNicola #UseTheMandate #BiggerThanYouThought #SmarterThanYouThought #RicherThanYouThought
The winner of scaremongering award goes to this tweet
(1) no food
I have many followers on Twitter. Do any of you care about Brexit either way? What are your priorities?
CRACKS AW' OWER THE UK GOVERNMENT.
Well they haven't so tough and that includes brexit. Hence we should have an election and ensure brexit never raises it vile head again.....
Don’t Labour have the same stance on Brexit?
what going on. Qu'est-ce qui se passe. one hunted Brexit. one hunted shutdown. one hunted yellow jacket
But brexit will hit the working class the hardest and the political class you’re on about wouldn’t be hit on that scale? Not really sure what point you’re making.
Says it all for me
May refused to accept the idea of the need for each country in the UK to vote to accept Brexit before it could happen. This was designed to ensure that whatever England voted for the others would be forced to accept. Was that democratic?
there are a lot of people feeling this way right now. Can you please take over leadership of the Labour Party immediately and act in the manner of your speech the other day. My vote is yours. Thank you.
The latest Taylor's Post! Thanks to #brexit #parliament
Not a scam Mike. You can travel with 3 months currently, but will need 6 going forward.
British universities are staring at a bleak year ahead, facing a potential triple whammy from #Brexit, funding reform and a credit crunch, writes Brendan O'Malley. #highered
'1. No food'
Gareth Johnson resigns as Tory Whip.
LIVE: UK parliament continues Brexit deal debate on the eve of the vote via
Oops, there goes another one. Time for to admit her deal will not be accepted by MPs, and consider a #PeoplesVote to allow the public to make the decision. Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
#On2ndThought I would still vote remain #Brexit
Looming #Brexit vote: Nothing new in May’s speech to factory workers in Stoke-on-Trent. Same “will-of-the-people” argument, as PM insists rejecting deal would cause “catastrophic harm” to faith in democratic process. Remarks come amid growing calls for 2nd referendum. #F24
Canada's climate change ambassador says ambition will increase with time | CBC Radio
May's not going to win. 1) Too many people hate her deal for different reasons. 2) Too many people in the HOC loathe her on a personal level. 3) Vast swathes of the establishment/business don't even want to leave the EU. Brexit was never deliverable and tomorrow will prove it.
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
Letting it slide under the guise of free speech is part of a societal slide where harmful, toxic and dangerous views force their way into the mainstream because people are too afraid to call them on their views. It's how we've ended up with Brexit, Trump, Bolsonaro, Dutuerte etc.
How,,, convenient
What impact is Brexit having on your #business? At our Brexit Business event Andrew Law, , argued that uncertainty around Brexit has forced businesses to reevaluate their finances.
A "Hard #Brexit" would be an expensive nightmare. Shippers look to air freight as risk of ‘no deal’ Brexit rises - Lloyd's Loading List
Don't panic.
Theresa May: 'We have a duty to deliver Brexit' via = 74 days to go!!!
(3) Thunderdome
Even the name Brexit shows what an afterthought Northern Ireland was, NI is part of the UK, not Britain.
QUIET BAT PEOPLE BUT WITH NO ACCESS TO MEDICINE
Latest News: Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' The PM says MPs can end uncertainty in Tuesday's vote as she welcomes new assurances on Northern Ireland. 2019-01-14 14:32:25Z
Call me cynical but it definitely looks like that piece of paper has been deliberately pulled out of the folder to be snapped. If not it is incredibly daft.
You are not the majority. 5 million people most directly affected by Brexit were not allowed to vote. Oh and leave only represented 37% of the electorate. Add to that the fact that what you voted for is not what’s on offer ....
My slimming world journey part 7 and a poorly Marley via #slimmingworlduk #lifestyle #ThisMorning #Brexit #CriticsChoiceAwards #MondayMotivaton #anxiety #bodypositive
This situation makes a mockery of the voting process. The UK population has few options on how to react, none of which are pleasant. Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit‘ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal‘ via
So she's going round bribing the MPs to vote for her deal. The whole thing stinks. Let's vote them all out. #traitors #brexit #dishonest #EdwardLeigh
Same here. #libdemnow
Pretty Pointless considering the Amendment would have no legal affect. However it could get Brexiteers and the DUP onside and ultimately vote for the deal.
Theresa May to warn no Brexit more likely than no-deal EU divorce - via
There has to be a socialist brexit and a GE. Nothing less will do. Labour would be politically annihilated if it backs a 2nd referendum--or anything less than a Brexit 4 the many.This is what the Blairites &amp; their MSM fellow travellers(some masquerading as"left") actually want.
Agreed, the UK can still do something about Putin’s fallout unlike the US stuck with as a treasonous #POTUS .
So allowed #China #Coco Island deal with #Burma to jeopardize #India #defence security. But, did use #Rohingya / other opportunity to solve that? Another issue from 1947 #Brexit in #SouthAsia. #Nehru Vs #NaMo, #RahulGandhi please wait :) cc #Australia
Here I am as a Remainer agreeing with someone criticising my own side. That’s our crazy Brexit UK
'Paralysis in parliament': UK PM warns of 'catastrophic harm' if Brexit deal rejected -
Well they won’t do that, because they don’t want Brexit and would rather keep useless Remainer May in post while the country goes to hell in a handcart!
Clip of the day (so far) - love when says "this is brilliant" #BorisKnowsMoreAbout #BorisJohnson #Boris #Brexit #BrexitVote
I hope someone is collecting all these statements by the Brexiters to challenge them with their own words if Brexit goes ahead.
Brexit is in peril, May warns ahead of vote on her deal
Dissent isn't allowed in Communist nations. The Brits need to do whatever is necessary to #Brexit .
It is widely known that coveney is bought &amp; paid for by #rothschild family, nothing but a treasonous piece of shit. #Cork. #FineGael are like the rest of the politicians #dishonest. Tánaiste says Ireland must 'hold nerve' in crucial week via
theSNP: RT JeaneF1MSP: This Scottish Budget protects and invests in Scotland’s public services amidst Brexit chaos and UK austerity. The theSNP scotgov will deliver additional resource funding of £729 million for health and care services. …
Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament?
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal
This is the worst government plant in history.
Will, can you confirm you will vote against any attempt by the Government to push through a no deal Brexit?
Just wondering which way will be best to prepare the rat for next year's first post Brexit Christmas lunch. I'm guessing barbequed over an open bonfire via a stick. With boiled nettles and sewage marinated seaweed.
Theresa May delivers warning ahead of Brexit vote - via
This is not a threat,or me inciting the scenario ITS A PREDICTION If Brexit is cancelled, be prepared for absolute carnage on the streets ,like France atm Be prepared for violence across our political system Be prepared for the UK to be damaged by this economically &amp; socially
The people gave you a clear and unequivocal COMMAND to deliver Brexit, the political class has done everything to undermine it. You are our servants tasked to carry out our expressed wish. I consider you disgusting traitors.
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ | Breitbart
Ok so from that sell I get that Brexit is not: - Suicide (Great!) - Survivable (Oh no.) - Better than Dunkirk (Oh no.)
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
of all the intangible things #Brexit will take from us, the ability to indulge in admiration of the scoundrel is the one I shall miss the most.
Brexit prediction: - Deal rejected by parliament tmw (but closer than many expect) - Cosmetic renegotiation with EU - Deal rejected again - Government extends Article 50 - (Potential third attempt at renegotiation) - Second referendum I.e. “No Brexit more likely than no deal”
British PM Theresa May Makes Last-Ditch Appeal to Save Brexit Deal
Careful who are us and no-deal Brexit is no-deal Brexit!
Careful who are us and no-deal Brexit is no-deal Brexit!
Wouldn't it be great if the two calamities if 2016, namely Trump and Brexit, both imploded at the same time! Fingers crossed..
Brexit spells trouble for Europe’s €660tn derivatives market - via
I won't vote Tory ever again unless they deliver a no deal Brexit and ditch May.
Don’t know where you get your information but you’re being mislead by a simplistic summary but I suppose that’s #Brexit
Brilliant!
Well at least it doesn’t say there’ll be no gin. That’s good right?
Someone is having fun here, surely.
Petition: Stop Brexit if parliament rejects the deal
Agreed. I'll play Devil's advocate. A limited electoral defeat could suit the Tories. It is unlikely that Labour would win an outright majority, so it would probably depend on the SNP, so Scottish independence and Labour blamed for #Brexit or no-Brexit.
He was asked to implement the European Movement's Bilderberg Group withdrawal agreement - see
I think the ‘self-interested elite’ (whatever and whoever that actually is!?!) are the ones who Brexit won’t remotely harm and may benefit particularly in terms of their investment and hedge funds
err, deliberate shurely...
Helpful flow chart from our #Brexit team on what could happen if loses a vote tomorrow on her withdrawal agreement from the EU. More analysis here:
I think this is shortsighted. Why would the UK want a **legally binding** time limit to agree on a trade deal? Doing so would require them-under international law-to finish a trade deal by that date and if they don’t, the UK would have to pay damages.
Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir #brexit #Refugee
Conveniently placed. #brexit
Tell me about the corruption in Brexit
FFS, how can we have gone from being better off out, sunny uplands to survivable? Who voted for this? We don’t need to do this. Unlike Dunkirk, this is purely self inflicted by millionaires &amp; billionaires who won’t feel any pain. They will make ££ while we lose. #RevokeA50
Brexit n deport all
Don't deny its a legit story but big things are happening Brexit-wise this week. The weight papers give to each topic is illuminating.
Of course not, there are millions of us and if we don’t get Brexit our voices will be heard loud and clear.......metaphorically!
Ah yes, the DUP manifesto
Powerful talk by Prof , given at a school in Warwickshire last month, on the links between the British Empire &amp; Brexit. His new book 'Rule Britannia', co-written with Sally Tomlinson is a call for a more cohesive and fairer post-Brexit Britain
Borrowing a quote from The Good Place to describe UKs current situation. ‘They’re on the Titanic and going to write a strongly worded letter to the Iceberg” #Brexit #dissolvetheunion
The UK Financial Market Stress Index (#midhirFMSI) presents some alleviation of #UK #financialmarkets stress at 3pm today (9.72, 2019 peak of 10.16) #risk remain extreme #crisis #caution #business #midhireconomic #Brexit #UnitedKingdom #Europe #EuropeanUnion
Megathread from - worth a scroll just to remind yourself how looong two years in 'norm-shattering' politics can be (cf Brexit...) #TrumpUnthinkable
And I don’t mean Brexit
In Boris’ Brexit Britain, anyone who has ever even looked at the engine of their car is comfortably on the same intellectual level as someone who has a mere PhD in mechanical engineering. The man is a fantasist.
Theresa May is set to warn Leave voters that the political class will block Brexit than allow a No Deal Brexit.
They find jobs as soon as they come here, no need for benefits. Do you actually know any real EU national? They accept all sorts of jobs that British people don't even apply for. Ask employers. For example only 1 in 50 applicants at PretAManger is British
There will be more dirty tricks and scaremongering to come as Andrea says. May has already started with the 'No Brexit' threat already. Sky News of course are running with this at every opportunity. No Brexit will not happen. The ramifications of democracy being denied to great
Just seen Mary Queen of Scots: bitter internecine strife, violent disputes over sovereignty, the death of civil discourse, plot and counterplot in the seats of power. So wonderful to get away from Brexit for a couple of hours!
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" | Zero Hedge
Well if we do end up with a border poll as a result of Brexit, unionists will know who to blame for getting them into that situation......
Its an old remainer stunt. From day one they blamed LEAVE on Cox's murder - by a lone nut- on Brexit itself.( Glossing over a far left, pro Islam, pro migrant power couple who lived on the Thames in £million houseboat)
oh dear another trumpian complex it aint nothing to do with #GiletsJaune OR Brexit OR Fartsit happens when you have GAS about ...careful &gt; COW farts dangerous for planetary health
Everyone is sick of talking about Brexit. Do something interesting that people will actually read.
The new universal credit sanctions are out
Ready to help Britain be a proud nation with principles, on the world stage? Born ready! #GeneralElectionNow
We now have to except Brexit is over Remainers have won, Brexiteers have been betrayed by our own government The PM has said, vote down het staying in deal and we wont leave at all when a government tells it's people to vote and they will except The result absolutely, then ...
BBC News - Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve
A sad day for the Tunbridge Wells High Street as an independent shop announces it is to close.
.plan b if tuesday vote fails put vote to the public to vote for her deal or default no deal brexit . save democracy .
No Brexit now more likely than a no-deal departure - May - Sky News
#hahaha Says the woman who hasn't a clue #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles . The laughing stock of Europe that is #TheresaMay. BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
What the hell do you know about what has been going on with Brexit? You are an inept journalist who is partially to blame for the #TrumpShutown.
wont they be soooo pissed off when we are independent and ramp up the tariffs for OUR oil OUR water &amp; OUR electricity from our new £1bn feed I predict a bankrupt England mind you trump kin advise how to cope wie that from jail
Why May is say g if we don't accept her deal there will be no brexit, the London Mayor situation along with the Muslim situation , the yellow jackets in France, but of course you won't talk about any of these as they are hot potatoes
Hold a second referendum on Brexit! #secondreferendum To understand Brexit in historical context, might I suggest
I'm really sorry to say there has been nothing official from the Greek government yet. The UK embassy staff tell us that there is a schedule to register us post-Brexit as third country nationals. I assume they will extend the existing legislation to us. But, that's just my guess.
oh dear
How many versions of Brexit were on your ballot paper?
Between the lines: That's odd considering the spate of bad news for British PM Theresa May's one and only Brexit deal. It seems, however, that the market is not pricing a better Brexit agreemt, but no Brexit at all, says Bannockburn Global Forex Chief Strategist Marc Chandler.
'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears - BBC News - is it April 1st? Nut jobs....
While it is welcome, I would rather that Brexit doesn't even happen!
What’s this got to do with Brexit?
She’s actively killing her deal, those who want no brexit will vote it down in the hope of a second referendum and those who want Brexit and hate her deal will vote it down in the hope for no deal. This really is the most incompetent PM this Country has ever had.
could catch enough salmon to feed all of edinburgh with all that bait
Reads: 1. No food. 2. No Channel Tunnel
Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament? &gt;
First link in the article below.
"there's a worry that if the vote doesn't go through tomorrow, Parliament will take over, and prevent Brexit from happening." You say that as it it's a bad thing, when in fact growing numbers of those interested would value at least a#PeoplesVote.
I was assuming that May would call any election after her deal has been rejected as a way of breaking the deadlock. Of course writing the brexit section of the tory manifesto would be interesting as would no doubt the writing of the Labour manifesto.
Theresa May's "letter" from the EU is a meaningless platitude. It has no legal basis, so it's a con. #Brexit will not be delivered by TM's shabby deal.
#RevokeArticle50, #StopBrexit, #Remain - *then* GE &amp; #GTTO &amp; #Reform UK
You know what Patrick what you should be worrying about isn't this nonsense the total set up against ms Evans and 2 complainers who are getting rail roaded and abuse on social media like they did with chief constable Phil gormley justice no chance
Brits who rent ‘are £1,800 better off since Brexit’ thanks to slump in housing costs - The Sun #saveTax #news
It does your head in listening to this interview.
only brainwashed idiots take notice of millionaire tv land wankers
The political classes are manoeuvring to block Brexit. Voters' faith in our democracy may never recover it's
BBC News - Dominic Grieve: No-deal Brexit would be national suicide Going up Everest in the nude might be frosticide, so reasonable climbers don't try it.
opinion is what defines Brexit - thank heavens for the Supreme Court decision in to have given us the fact that our sovereign Parliament is now implementing are you a Roundhead or a Cavalier? #wato
So much for may's line today that voting against the deal will mean no Brexit rather than no deal
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Cancel Brexit &amp; ignore the Thick right wing of the UK
Theresa May mounts last-ditch bid to win support for Brexit deal
Away from talk of hard &amp; soft #Brexit borders, good to report on how has made a major commitment to #NorthernIreland making 's Bedford Sq it's largest UK base outside of London
My MP. Phew.
Thank goodness we have a Parliament to (hopefully!) protect from our kamikaze Prime Minister Time’s up The game’s up The land of milk &amp; honey promised to the People in 2016 by the Brexit gang of 5 is a National disgrace As with Co. Directors, the 5 should face prison terms
Brexit deal: final day of Lords debate | House of Lords via
As long as Labour stand on manisfesto of a 2nd referendum to remain in EU. Otherwise if you stand for brexit you can count on many labour supporters being ex labour supporters #Remain #PeoplesVote
It is now Theresa May’s opinion that she has likely failed in her self-declared main aim as PM, to deliver Brexit. Even she thinks she’s a failure. General Election now!
So you want to stop Brexit but want to break Scotland from England. just slightly hypocritical
How many of us feel the same?
Read the second line as: ‘no themed funeral.’ (Also, no one still does this accidentally, right?)
Doing what is right for our country is not your deal, or a disastrous no deal. You know that. Our MPs know that. The referendum campaign was based on lies and fraudulent campaigning. The games you created have to stop. Brexit is not in the best interest of this country. Stop it.
Left Unity - Fundamental change does not begin with Brexit
She's probably as tired of Brexit as everyone else!
Spanish fears mount over no-deal Brexit
Isis praises Brexit in propaganda newspaper
Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Beware of False Brexit Break-Outs | #Forex
Grimes was fined. Both Vote Leave and Leave dot EU were found to broken the law. Banks is under investigation.
"Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Beware of False Brexit Break-Outs" #trading #forex
If this is the Government's latest attempt at Project Fear they probably need to be a bit more subtle than this...
Strong contender for staged photo of the year.
Backlash brews against 'pathetic' government Brexit ad campaign
The PM has ejected that if this deal is not voted for then there will be a no deal #Brexit while at the same time saying there may be no #Brexit at all. She can't have it both ways, with the only substantive thing being that this deal is NOT by any means in our national interest.
"A combination of macroeconomic and #Brexit uncertainty, #regulatory compliance and global market volatility are taking a toll on the UK’s #financialservices sector" via
The EU published an exchange of letters with Theresa May containing reassurances about the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement, but not changes to the deal
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?: The Confederation of Paper Industries says it is… #Brexit #BBC #News
do you think Mel did this on purpose ?
Barry Stanton 2.0 What a man
Considering the UK property market, which of the following #Brexit decisions would be worst/scariest for the stability of the housing market? This question led to mixed responses at the Developer’s Boardroom last week! #London #Property #Development #Housing #HousingCrisis
Couldn’t organise P!ss up in a brewery
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after Brexit? | Environment | The Guardian
And this is before Brexit has actually happened.
Interesting game to play when reading anything #Brexit related. Replace the words "country's" or "the country's" with "my" and Brexit suddenly makes perfect sense. Use this headline as a starter for ten
Boris Johnson warns of Brexit betrayal backlash against ‘deep state’
Last forex news
Italy get punished because of the size of their debt as a % of their GDP. The EU is looking after JLR as the size of tariffs imposed on them when we leave the EU is staggering. Brexiteers were warned big companies would leave UK with Brexit then moan about it when they then do it
Hedge Funds Bet on Brexit - Bloomberg
See ya later brexit nerds
[SKY] EU letter in full: What Brexit assurances did May get?
She paid for it, unlike all the whores on benefit who’ve never paid anything that you seem to demand others pay for. Just think if you didn’t have white working class women on benefit you’d have never had brexit!
Irish Data Protection Advisory Releases Guidance on Data Consequences following ‘No Deal Brexit’
via Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal Reuters World News
Don't normally retweet the Daily Fail but this is a sad reflection on our current political failures.
Last forex news
Licence. Fee.
Majority of working class people voted for Brexit that is the point I am making and it's not up to the elites to decide what is best for them. Who knows how Brexit will impact any of us?
For any one who cares, I'm coming off for a while, I'm struggling really struggling to keep myself happy. This is hard work, I don't want to give up on this Brexit debacle but it's enough, I can't keep doing this. I hope you have a happy week. Thankyou for listening to my rants.
‘Graeme’ should perhaps educate himself by watching this video of David Cameron, spelling out exactly what type of Brexit we were voting for. A clean break with the SM and CU.
Time to pull the plug, four reasons why the EU should rule out an extension of the March 29 #Brexit deadline:
That's what May is planing if she got a no deal Brexit which she want .
Brexit.
Spot on. May's utterly dishonest and simultaneously inept approach to Brexit now at crunch point
But surely leave means leave?
Someone will have to form a coalition whoever ‘wins’. A Lab/SNP/LibDem coalition would have a majority but that will only form if Labour ditch #Brexit
Join us tonight for a look at the collective nostalgia of English pastoral through the filter of the #Brexit vote, ft. five short films followed by a panel with artist Marcy Saude, 's &amp; Elizabeth Bernholz of : #LSFF2019
Brexit Referendum 2016 70%+ turnout. EU elections 2014 42% turnout. How can the EU be unelectable people, if the electorate don't vote!!
Is this real?!
"Brexit: The Uncivil War" Were UK Electorate lied to, duped and manipulated by bored millionaire and billionaire backers? Not one iota of concern for impact of BREXIT on everyday lives of UK &amp; EU citizens! Just a Game - who's playing at Politics now? …
The latest The Hell Daily! Thanks to #foxnews #brexit
For us UK folk it's some distraction from the ongoing #Brexit catastrof*ck. Plus we get to do lots of Zep catalogue jokes:
3) Pee is stored in the balls.
Hi, i'd like to report a missing MP, the one for Tooting. he's lost, he's forgotten that his party has a manifesto, voted on by members which the leadership team have gone along with. If you find him, please send him to Mrs May, she could use someone like him.
Interesting to see the PM shift from saying voting down her WA means no deal Brexit, to shifting the emphasis to 'may mean no Brexit at all'. What does this mean? Well, it means May has found Labour will not flip to support her, so she's trying to scare the Brexiteers.
What a fantastic description!! Theresa May suddenly popped into my mind, unannounced!, riding the trolleys in Asda post Brexit defeat tomorrow!
If Scotland ever voted for Independence the British Parliament have shown with Brexit that the result does not guarantee implementation. If they block Brexit they would block the dreams of the SNP! Take note
LOL #Brexit - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
But Mays deal isn't Brexit. It's perpetual servitude to the EU. It's worse than remaining as a full member. It's handing over billions for nothing in return apart from the UK being obliged to obey all existing &amp; new EU laws. It's basically colonialism.
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Tory whip quit because Brexit deal didn’t hurt enough people.
"there's a worry that if the vote doesn't go through tomorrow, Parliament will take over, and prevent Brexit from happening." You say that as if it's a bad thing, when in fact growing numbers of those interested would value at least a #PeoplesVote.
Tulip Siddiq to delay BIRTH of her child to take part in Brexit vote} via @
2016 WE decided WE voted. 2019. WE are still waiting WE are ANGRY.
This has to be a joke, right?
Dear . No deal carries no risk. Completely disingenuous of you to suggest otherwise. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Government whip resigns over the backstop on the eve of the Brexit vote (via )
Another traitor to Brexit! Probably being mad a Privy Councillor swung it, although he says not. If you listen to him on the News, it just looks as though he is another mug being taken in by project fear re No Brexit!
Again this is not a threat
I urge you to watch this. "Nobody voted for hatred or inequality". This film explains it all superbly well &amp; we need a peoples vote now to rescue our country. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Can't wait until Brexit is done with so I don't have to listen to it any more.
Brexit news latest: Theresa May to warn Britain more likely to stay in the EU than leave under No Deal if MPs reject her plan - Evening Standard. Great news! Keep it up Theresa.
Mmmm... Sage&amp;Hack. That’s one way to stuff the Brexit turkey...
This would solve nothing if go into that election supporting Brexit. We must be given a
And let’s hope common sense prevails over #Brexit and the border!
I’m sure a couple more will go in the next 24 hours
BBC News - Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
"Quiet bat people"
I hate that you're on the wrong side of this. It's very simple, promises were made &amp; should be kept. If you stop #Brexit then you'll end up unleashing something very ugly &amp; that'll be the fault of people like yourself who are unwilling to accept a democratic decision.
I don't think it'll work...
Wrong on both counts. Can't quite see how Brexit breaks the laws of elections when the majority who voted wanted to leave and it's you and those like you who are trying to stop it. Hmm?
Oh crap... #Brexality
For a start, half a million who voted #Brexit have died since the referendum &amp; 2m have reached voting age &amp; would vote at a ratio of 4 - 1 to #Remain. For another thing the Brexit campaign consisted of lies, more lies and false promises and the result is not worthy of respect.
There is no danger if Brexit doesn't go ahead... But plenty dangers if the crazy scheme goes ahead and UK rips up beneficial trade agreements with 27 other countries ... Ireland must feel very lucky to be independent
"Mel, can you write something scary in your largest handwriting, tuck it into a binder so it's clearly on display, and walk up Downing Street?"
Utter garbage, same old script. Brexit is all about the civil war in the Tory Party. There was no reason for leaving the EU which has brought in protections for all of us in many aspects of our lives. Giving you notice that Scotland is going to follow a different path.
The man organising the deal doesn't want the deal. But he's not saying stay!
Our industry’s very real economic concerns in the event of a no deal Brexit was a topic of discussion on on Monday morning, discussed the impacts at 34.5 mins. We are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
Hold a second referendum on Brexit! #secondreferendum To understand Brexit in historical context, might I suggest
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
So now you speak for everyone, so enlighten me as to what you thought Brexit is/was?
Better a political disaster for the government than an economic disaster for the nation #BrexitChaos
I honestly think is now inciting unrest and division with her lies. She wanted parliamentary sovereignty back .. we already had it and now there is a chance that sovereignty will come into play she is crying betrayal. The only betrayal is this gov &amp; brexit
Sorry - not quite sure I follow? My reading is that the ECA repeal on Brexit Day is not in force until the relevant ministerial regulation has been made - s25(4)? (Which is one hell of a powerful thing to place in the hands of a minister).
An election at which both major parties support Brexit? I fear you'd be rather disappointed...
I'm offended watching BBC lies again. For 2 yrs the British public who voted to.leave Eu no deal have been patient and tried to be diplomatic. If brexit IS stopped for any reason there will be riots all over UK. The kind of rioting we've been holding back from. No.wants wants to.
The problem we face in this country is same as that in the USA where the result of the election is not accepted, just as the result of Brexit has not been accepted. Its not an election or brexit issue which is the problem now, its globalism (communism) &amp; loss of our democracy.
Fuck off May, with this paralysing government if they don't back your shite deal! She should be done for that. We don't want a fkn deal! #Brexit
Number of vias free/on arrival countries falls by 1 due to Turkey imposing e-visa requirements. Literally nothing to do with Brexit, so responsible commentators and media will be clear about that....
Theresa May still trying to get the numbers for her Brexit, who’s working on Plan B?
‘Surely this should have been thought about a little bit sooner?’
Reads: 1. No food 2. No Channel Tunnel
More real-life consequences of Brexit (to go with the 140+ I've posted previously) 1/26 1,000 police officers from England and Scotland being trained for redeployment to Northern Ireland in the event of a no deal Brexit.
Show me someone who has a solid argument for #Brexit and I'll show you a racist, brought up on lies and misinformation in order to maintain a status quo that benefits the rich white elites of the country. Like cheesy Alan Partridge, these angries think they're entitled to more.
Aspen Insurance Group is planning to open a new insurance subsidiary in Dublin to service EEA clients after Brexit. It expects the new subsidiary to be operational by Q1, 2019. 2/26
Toyota and Nissan, which currently certify their vehicles in the UK, are planning to apply for certifications in EU27 countries to ensure that UK-produced vehicles can still be sold in the EU after Brexit. 3/26
City lawfirm Lewis Silkin opened a new office in Dublin in April 2018, citing Brexit as a factor in the decision to set up in Ireland. 4/26
The Hut is opening a facility in Wroclaw, Poland, to protect against potential trade hurdles. It is expected to employ 1,000 staff within 2 years, and will eventually handle the bulk of the company's EU orders (currently distributed from England). 5/26
Indos, a curry house that had been turning over more than £400,000 a year, was forced to close because its EU staff left, and it simply couldn't source enough replacements. 6/26
Apart from the fact it's probably cheaper to fly from London to Edinburgh than catch the train, there will be no interruption to rail traffic or any other form of transport in the UK internally due to Brexit.
Aston Martin triggered its no deal contingency plans in the first week of January 2019, stating it has hired a new supply chain chief, altered the routes its parts take so as to use ports other than Dover, and authorised air freighting. 7/26
If not for political maneuvering, the Brexit issue is simple...hold a 2nd referendum which will either boost the Brexit support, or push towards forgetting about the whole thing.
Brexit can still be blocked, Theresa May warns rebels ahead of vote
Brexit cut the number of City vacancies by 39% year-on-year as of November 2018, with just 4,005 vacancies available vs 6,600 in 2017. Hakan Enver, managing director at Morgan McKinley: "Brexit has taken a considerable bite out of banking jobs" 8/26
We have a better idea of what’s on offer from EU, lots of info on possible options off the back of a hard Brexit and off the back of the May deal, a better view of the rest of the world, more time for people to understand what going through the WTO might mean, more detail on risk
Almac Group invested £30 million in opening a new European campus in Dundalk, Ireland, so that it could continue to conduct clinical trial and drug certifications for EU clients after Brexit. (Its global HQ is in NI). 9/26
Has the Brexit vote saved London tenants £1,800 pa in rent?
The CEO of Brompton minced no words as he explained their "shit hits the fan planning" decision to spend £50,000 on hiring a warehouse to stockpile £1m of bike parts against a hard Brexit. 10/26
A new report by EY estimates that £800 billion in assets will shift out of London to other EU27 capitals, some 10% of all the money managed in the City. Around 2,000 new European jobs have been created too. 11/26
Central Pharma (headquartered in Bedfordshire) opened a base in Tralee, creating up to 100 new jobs. The Chief Executive, Alwyn Smit, said "Post Brexit, Ireland offers a stable environment from which to service our European customer base." 12/26
Fashion retailer Joules is investing in warehouse space in Europe, and planning to bring items into its Corby warehouse a few weeks earlier than usual, to guard against Brexit disruption. 13/26
Norinchukin, a Japanese bank that is one of the 40 largest banks in the world, announced on 11 January 2019 that it is moving part of its operation to Amsterdam, citing Brexit as the reason. 14/26
Yes, and they are ALL negative. Only Ruth Lea and Minford, predict something good for the UK and they don't even have any actual working out, just alternative pro-Brexit motives. You are absolutely deluded mate.
In January 2019, it emerged that the Police are officially advising retailers to bring in extra security staff ahead of a no deal Brexit, so as to maintain crowd control if panic buying ensues. 15/26
The Department of Health has spent £1 million on leasing space in refrigerated storage to stockpile medicines against a no deal Brexit. It is spending additional undisclosed amounts on ambient temperature storage facilities. 16/26
The Civil service has called for volunteers to help implement fuel rationing across 75 petrol stations in Northern Ireland in the event of no deal Brexit. 18/26
Plans have been drawn up to turn two sites in Anglesea into lorry parks to relieve the pressure on the port of Holyhead in the event of a no deal Brexit. 19/26
Brexit lorry jam photo op cost £60,000-£65,000, spent on: "cost to reimburse hauliers for operational costs, and reimbursement for site management costs incurred by the owners of Manston airfield". (Costs incurred by Police &amp; KCC not included.) 20/26
Sales of British malting barley to EU brewers for delivery after Brexit Day are at a standstill, despite high demand, because it's impossible to know what market conditions will be like at the point the delivery contracts have to be fulfilled. 21/26
I bet nearly every person who bought one of these, voted for Brexit!
The outright ignorance toward the will of the people, the back-room dealing to circumvent the voice of the people, are these not the true threats to democracy? Hold those in power to account for surreptitiously sabotaging Brexit; THAT is true democracy.
Discovery Channel is applying for around 50 broadcast licenses in the Netherlands for channels that were previously licensed by the UK's Ofcom regulator. It is retaining 16 Ofcom licenses for channels broadcast in the UK. 23/26
Brexit is entering the endgame. Decisions will be made. At the Killarney Economic Conference key political, business and academic leaders debate the big questions on the impact Brexit will have. 17th &amp; 18th January . Register now: #politics
Hermes Investment Management is setting up a new office in Dublin as a post-Brexit base for its European clients, having been granted authorisation in December 2018 by the Central Bank of Ireland. It expects it to be up and running by 29 March. 24/26
amazing he said life would be great now staying in for another 2 years with possibility of being trapped because no hard border is possible so not just the best deal possible how low his aspirations are
Caerphilly County Borough Council is establishing a £1 million contingency fund to deal with the potential impacts of Brexit. 25/26
Please sign and share
Sorry washing my hair
What a low life piece of shit. This guy obviously should be sterilised and never given the chance to further his blood line, but tbh he's surely single and masterbates whilst reading about Neil Warnocks Brexit plan! Fucking idiot
David "the dog ate my homework" Davis who couldn't be bothered to prepare for EU Brexit negotiation meetings continues to believe a last minute miracle is possible with no plan, and no ground work. He'll save us by "winging it". Have you really learned nothing, ?
But also Scotland, Ireland both voted remain. And yet TM is intent on taking them out. The goalposts have moved so much I reckon they could argue worth another ref in Scotland. Equally with Brexit, so much more now known than 3 years ago.
Yes, you would have thought that putting the decision back to the people would be considered democratic, but to the deceitful charlatans of the #Brexit campaign who are only interested in a power grab to become even richer than they already are, the simple answer is NO.
AngusMacNeilSNP: There is no danger if Brexit doesn't go ahead... But plenty dangers if the crazy scheme goes ahead and UK rips up beneficial trade agreements with 27 other countries ... Ireland must feel very lucky to be independent
AngusMacNeilSNP: RT iainmacwhirter: And while we're on the subject of devolution, Scotland voted Yes to setting up the Scottish Assembly in 1979 by 52% o 48% - same numbers as in the Brexit referendum in 2016. But the assembly was NOT implemented. Devo…
# Brexit # The Naughty EU Has been Telling Fibs About Trade #Cliff-Edge? More Like A Grassy Slope. Edgar Miller The Conservative Woman. The Philosophy Not The Party &amp; Brexit Central.
England’s schools face staffing crisis as EU teachers stay at home Fears that uncertainty over Brexit will hit language learning after 25% drop in applications from EU citizensT
ICYMI, my piece last week: how will UK #stocks react to tomorrow's #Brexit deal vote? via
Took in the conservative club ??
Oh dear. This isn't exactly the most positive message for the Government to be sending out about a no deal Brexit via . NO FOOD?!!
I actually know all those names from the Brexit debacle
Not if “MPs shaping Brexit” results in staying in the EU, or worse, the PMs dreadful WA!
arrghhh. enough with brexit pls
Let's not forget that, even if the Tories are spending most of time fucking up Brexit, that doesn't mean they spend any less time fucking up everything else in this country. Our #NHS, housing, social care, education, the environment, foreign policy...
Resign "for the country`s sake" !!!! BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Yes how can this not have been staged? Party of may's duplicity strategy. Scare the brexiteers this morning with "voting against the deal means no brexit" and scare the remainers this afternoon with "voting against the deal means no deal." Will MPs fall for this duplicity?
Brexit? NOOO! It’s crazy to think UK can walk from EU without settling the account! Their historic power welded while pillaging countries they invaded, is now diminished. It’s a shame 1/2 UK the population have failed to notice the fact, the British Empire is no longer!!
So Kevin has decided to perpetuate a parliament in which parliament has been undermined and treated with contempt and he thinks that makes him sort of hero.
"Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Beware of False Brexit Break-Outs" The meaningful Brexit vote takes place Tuesday evening with PM May’s bill likely to be defeated heavily and Sterling remains bid ahead of the vote.
Instead, has put together a "loser" agreement for the HoC vote.
Labour MP John Mann set to break ranks and back PM's Brexit deal
&amp; Parliament will also decide the fate of Theresa May!
Just spoke to someone whose job potentially on the line at Honda coz #brexit. She voted leave because ‘we should be able to decide the curve of bananas ourselves’
is deliberately peddling lies. What have the extremist #ERG got on her? Why is everything she does in favour of the #Brexit at-all-costs zealots?
Anyway they can not ignore the truth which is the following: The only power that can stop #Brexit is the Executive (NOT #Parliament) to which #TheresaMay is the Chief Representative. If Brexit was to be stopped #May is the one who would stop it and is responsible for it!
Is Richard Madeley behind this?
Neil Warnock’s Brexit views ‘do not reflect Cardiff City position’
Theresa May has said the political class will vote against BREXIT instead of a clean break despite Britian being healthy.
UK News - EU letter in full: What assurances have been offered for Brexit?
The number of Tory MPs who oppose the deal stands at 72. Gareth Johnson resigns to vote against it. | Conservative Home
#EarningsSeason - Tis the season. Check your targets and holdings. Another sell and buy week. Overall: Won’t affect most of our holdings. Lots of green out there to get.
I hope Will that after the deal is refused you please get behind the only real option to deliver Brexit as voted for in 2016. A clean &amp; complete break to WTO. Aspects like security, citizens &amp; so on dealt separately.
Pitchforks, anyone?
PM May's no-Brexit warning sends pound to new 7-week high -
Blessed are the peacemakers #Brexit
#news Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes'
Possibly gonna be some kind of parliamentary coup of Brexit policy. Government is falling to bits and there are stronger cross-party allegiances on brexit than there are within the government
Worried about food shortages? Let Superfish ease your worries - 10k boxes from £100 (free delivery) #Brexit
Cancel Brexit worth it just to piss of that Wetherspoons prick.
BREXIT ONLY QUESTION - TAXPAYERS PAY FOR WESTMINSTER OR BRUSSELS WHICH ONE SHOULD BE CLOSED DOWN
The British public see Jeremy Corbyn as weak, out of touch, without the right plans for tackling #Brexit and not capable to healing the divisions in Britain. Doesn't really bode well for the week ahead. (From our survey for )
If you only remember one thing remember this. Brexit is being used as a cover to run down the NHS ready for sale. Remember British Rail? You have been warned......
2016: This will be the easiest trade deal in human history 2019:
Why is he getting any airtime still, his mercifully short stint in the Brexit department made it abundantly clear that he isn't the most competent person to ask. At least his stint had him find out that the UK is an island nation.
Um... my friend lost his job because of Brexit!
1) Are you ready for a really rough ride? In the last few days I've discovered more than I really wanted to know. A proper #Brexit is vital for the world to survive attempts of the New World Order to take control of every part of our lives &amp; to make sure most of us are killed.
She was spouting garbage.
The EU brilliant latest means nothing whatsoever &amp; doesn't even pretend to; bloody #SecretaryMay (she should be - not a CEO) talks increasing rubbish; no #Brexit is nothing to worry about; please let's abandon this stupid idea; Brexit is unimportant but leaving the EU is madness.
'Brexit is going to be disastrous for the country' as David Campbell Bannerman admitted to me.
Yes, that looks legit. I can write some scrawls on top of a piece of paper too. I am sick of these little children. No doubt they smirked at just how clever they thought they were being. FFS, grow up Mel Stride. Pathetic
If this ‘No Brexit’ happens then what is the point in voting for anything every again?? If politicians don’t like it then obviously they can change it the way they want!!!
Funny you should say that...
Britain plans more “global military leadership” post-Brexit, angering Russia
I think from this pic we can assume Mel Stride wanted this to be picked up by cameras. It’s so obvious...
I’ve never seen a reply letter sent on the same date before. #impressed
Hold a second referendum on Brexit! #secondreferendum To understand Brexit in historical context, might I suggest
This is so true .....we have genuine experts and they were allowed to be shouted down ...
#Brexit Group lead Neil Amner features in today discussing the effects tomorrow's parliamentary vote may have on #SMEs in Scotland. #NoDeal #BrexitHub
"I've decided I'm not going to talk about Brexit."
Or... #RevokeArticle50, call an inquiry into 2016 ref &amp; the abuse of funds and power by May &amp; her briby govt. Assess cause of brexit &amp; rise of far right. Have independent specialist thinktanks to assess any benefits to brexit (if still any appetite) parliament vote on that info.
Straight line: ___________________ Dashed line: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Brexit line:
Lorries will run smoothly across the Channel even in the event of a no deal Brexit, the deputy mayor of Calais has insisted. M.Puissesseau, who is also the chief exec of Calais port, said the UK Government's warnings over a crisis at the border are “shocking” &amp; “disrespectful”.
Treasury not optimistic about Brexit. "No food. No Channel tunnel."
If you say you are not bias against brexit why do you attract so many remainers to your posts praising you
Readers of The New European give their verdict on Channel 4's Brexit film.
tick tock
The one thing that most of parliament can agree upon is that a no deal Brexit is not a viable option. Only the dumbest politicians would risk being associated with the consequences of a no deal Brexit.
Surely she promised Cast Iron Legal Guarantees?
I doubt a bookie left this side of Boston who isn't already paying out on Brexit extension after tomorrow's vote... if we have to fight long-game, dammit, every little inch of it, believe me...
We’ve already had a say and we voted to leave the SM and CU. Do your job and honour the result.#NoDeal #Brexit
No deal is dead. May’s deal is goosed. There is going to be an extension. You can bet Northern Ireland on it.
Brexit
And there are a hell of a lot in this country who would like to delay AND stop Brexit too. Brexit will only benefit right wing Tories and their wealthy chums as they pick over the carcass like vultures.
Yes how can this not have been staged? Part of may's duplicity strategy. Scare the brexiteers this morning with "voting against the deal means no brexit" and scare the remainers this afternoon with "voting against the deal means no deal." Will MPs fall for this duplicity?
Dr Martin Luther King Jr was 100% right #Poverty #Homeless #UniversalCredit #Police_Corruption #Conservative_Corruption #Brexit &amp; #Zionist_Influence in UK Politics “In the end, we'll remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends"
In super big handwriting for the cameras?
Number of visas free/on arrival countries falls by 1 due to Turkey imposing e-visa requirements. Literally nothing to do with Brexit, so responsible commentators and media will be clear about that....
MAY SAID TO MULL END-DATE PLAN FOR BACKSTOP TO WIN BREXIT VOTE
#Brexit: How would no deal affect #UK citizens in the #EU?
True that. #wato #brexit #peoplesvote #leave
Anyone else remember those halcyon days when brexit was going to be great for Britain? Now, it's just barely survivable... Time to #RevokeArticle50 and #StopBrexit
Read this: British mums complain that government benefits are too low but are too disgusted to apply for "immigrant jobs":
Asking the right questions at the right time for the right reasons!
Good Fact ! #NoBrexit
"I don't believe that we should extend Article 50" Are things looking up for a No Deal Brexit?
A Telegraph opinion piece about Scottish oil being a lifeline for Brexit UK - without ever mentioning Scotland. Wow.
this morning - on Mandela, Brexit and much more. Such an interesting talk - many thanks
What utter rubbish just desperately trying to force people in to the very definition of a bad deal as the PM said no deal is better then a bad deal
The great and all-seeing strikes again!
Going well...
NATIONAL NEWS: EU letter in full: What assurances have been offered for Brexit?
London's 10 largest investment banks have spent over £1 billion collectively in Brexit preparations, with smaller firms seeing contingency costs in the £tens of millions each. 26/26
Theresa may is set to say that Democracy in the UK is gone. That the political class cares nothing for Britains. No Brexit.
And here's the original thread... 140+ factual, fully-sourced examples of the impact Brexit is already having on the UK. Jobs going, investment drying up, companies moving assets to the EU, or redomiciling.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Brexit smexit, the fun and games will all be stateside this year, believe me
God help anyone that listens to ..i fear for britain tomorrow, a clown with white hair #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
If Parliament took people out of the EU had remain won it would be completely different, because voters knew what remain looked like.
made an excellent case with clarity on a managed WTO deal. This is the only &amp; true Brexit way forward to independence. UK democracy &amp; sovereignty are paramount to our nation state-hood. MPs must ditch May's crazy surrender deal to EU vassalage.
Stride trolls a troll.
We have no confidence in Parliament "We will no longer accept the arrogance and petulant behaviour of MPs plotting to negate the decision made by the People". You are on dangerous ground.
Over 1000 musicians and writers contributed to 's new Brexit Big Band album
U.K. Prime Minister May warns of no Brexit at all if Parliament does not back her deal - #OANN
#Tories' Andrew Murrison proposes a 'sunset clause' amendment allowing UK to unilaterally end the backstop (if invoked) w/o having concluded a FTA with the EU. Oh goody! Reneging on TWO international treaties for the price of one! #GFA #EUWA #Brexit
Labour Brexit splits deepen as MP comes out to back May's Brexit deal} via @
#GBPUSD INTRADAY GANN LEVELS #trading #bitcoin #forex #money #futures #gbpusd #eurusd #us30 #dax #Wti #gann #crypto #sp500 #NASDAQ #crudeoil #usdcad #markets #traders #Brexit
Mel Stride: [STAGE WHISPER] "I hope no one reads this secret government document I have in my folder... especially not those journalists over there..."
See: "Project Fear III in 3D!"
Thank you. Noted 'the Committee is concerned that without a Northern Ireland Government the urgent challenges and opportunities of Brexit run the risk of being overlooked, leaving Northern Ireland's agriculture sector adrift without a dedicated, devolved policy framework'
The rise of the right in Europe is emboldening people. Brexit is part of this. We need to fight harder against those vying for brexit now, more than ever. #GTTO #FBPE #Brexit #Peoplesvote
Theresa May presenting her Brexit deal is like when you left your science project until the last minute and have to present a potato lighting up a bulb.
I voted for Brexit, I voted to leave 100 pc. To many snowflakes in government
Nice use of the word retard there! I think you may actually be a small c something else mate.
A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster #Brexit
Practically the only one who can save Brexit now !! #Brexit
Part of may's duplicity strategy. Scare the brexiteers this morning with "voting against the deal means no brexit" and scare the remainers this afternoon with "voting against the deal means no deal." Will MPs fall for this duplicity tomorrow?
Nothing has changed since 1690 in his mind.
Nice to see the GMB union supporting a People's Vote.
From the outset, every mp should have honoured and respected the result from the outset of its declaration, fighting for brexit with every fibre of their being.
Please remember #UKinEU citizens, who feel ignored &amp; abandoned by UK govt. Many didn’t even have a vote in the ref which is deciding their fate! #RevokeA50 #RestoreHope
NATIONAL NEWS: EU letter in full: What assurances have been offered for Brexit?
Have your say: What is the most likely outcome over Brexit?
This is a really interesting thread about political strategy. It's regards Brexit, but is transferable to our own experience here.
Next time ask him or anyone else whether #brexit is null &amp; void considering CA, SCL, AIQ etc. etc.
WTF is up with #Brexit... it's like some overly long bad dream or a badly scripted prequel to 1984
So its Political Disaster for Tories Vs Damage our Economy ... You chose ?
This article is just sensationalising the issue from a newspaper with a very anti Brexit view. At one point we were promised that Brexi would spark WWIII. I would take it with a pinch of salt
No-Brexit or soft Brexit hopes a boost for sterling #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
Bit tardy Mel
What about the United Kingdom maintaining a colony inside the European Union? Anything to declare? How the #EU will led the #UK maintain a colony inside its territory after #BRExit #Gibraltar #DecolonizeEurope #Resolution1514 #Resolution2353 #Resolution2429
Theresa May Has Never Been Able To Say Brexit Will Be Bad Of course Theresa May Has Never Been Able To Say Brexit Will Be Bad because it will be fantastic EU light Britain leads the way with billion dollar high tech businesses O'Brien knows: No EU means more high tech unicorns
I'm sorry, , but they called her more than that while alternatively hurling disgusting abuse at Owen Jones and trying to shout both down. All this while claiming to defend freedom. SkyNews are right not to ignore #Brexit supporters' escalating aggression.
That statement was another Gov't lie to keep Brexiteers onside. The plan from day one was to frustrate/fudge any deal and ultimately stop Brexit. The fall out from this betrayal will be grave for the political scene in the UK, indeed for democracy and the validity of future GE's.
What does the EU do for Stoke?!
How many of you have started stockpiling? How much supply buffer are you aiming to have?
Since Brexit, hate crime has been on the rise. More and more men feel emboldened to wear the St George flag. I can’t take this sh*t anymore, I’m literally shaking
No it isn’t. The government would need to legislate to No-Brexit! No deal is the default!
Part of may's duplicity strategy. Scare the brexiteers this morning with "voting against the deal means no brexit" and scare the remainers this afternoon with "voting against the deal means no deal." Will MPs fall for this duplicity tomorrow night?
. The pitiful flyers you put through my letterbox at dinnertime are now in my bin. Brexit is happening whether you like it or not #17.4millionsaidleave
&lt;Checks EU law&gt; .. nope there's no power for the EU to force the Channel Tunnel to shut down on March 30th.
Dear Jeremy Corbyn, public opinion is shifting – support a Final Say and end the Brexit deadlock - The Independent
Scottish referendum 1979. "The result was that 51.6% supported the proposal, but with a turnout of 64%, this represented only 32.9% of the registered electorate. The Act was subsequently repealed." So don't give me that shite.
Actually there is no proof of who sent this msg. I'm all for Brexit...even I could send a photo of words without showing exactly who sent the msg. Very deceiving...
Scapegoat is a good word because it deftly correlates with Tory scapegoating. I take it your going to suggest the McCrone Report is also lies and anything to do with Brexit being bad is also lies, aye?
He is no brexiteeer he is another traitort to 17.4 MILLION
#LIVE: #UK Parliament Discusses #Brexit Ahead of Major Vote . #UK #Brexit #Forsan_News
Where to start with this
Seems we still need permission from the EU for a whole range of ideas and agreements coming from the UK ....They'll talk a lot more after the 29th keep hold of the wallet
Incredible that a country has a system where this can happen. Nuts. Could you imagine if TM did this because no one backs her #Brexit deal?
He's a prat. Actually went to the effort of *blocking me paaahahaha Says it all. Paid too much.
On top of this a government whip has now resigned. Gareth Johnson won't support her plans, saying the terms on offer would harm the nation's interests.
Theresa May seems to think there is a bigger chance of no-Brexit than of no-deal Brexit. Anything that seems to reduce the chances of a ‘hard’ Brexit is something that would provide solace to investors. #Brexit #GBPUSD #EURGBP #Forex
...It’s difficult to know what she could say that would pull parliamentarians out of their fairly entrenched positions and into her camp... #Brexit #GBPUSD #EURGBP #Forex GBPUSD 1.28530 atm ...
I voted to remain and I agree that we shouldn't have a second referendum. We need to see Brexit through - it will obviously be a total and utter mess, and then hopefully we'll see another referendum in the future the rejoin.
And they've been given a free ride by the media! #BrexitShambles
We are not trying to frustrate Brexit. We are trying to stop it. To kill it stone dead.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances \\
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k"
Are we still having Brexit Celebration Day? What's the dress code?
Tory whip quits day before crucial Brexit vote Sent via
Glad to see you continuing the fight but you will get no support for pro remainer Boulton. No presenters seem to ask the benefits of ND. Gloom and despair and stuff the voters who put MPs there. Go Brexit!!!
if only
The Coatings Industry strongly opposes a no deal Brexit. Our CEO discussed the impacts on on Monday morning, check it out at 34.5 mins. The BCF are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
Well this is encouraging.
I will have to go and do a Brexit shop. What's been top of your Brexit shopping list?
Unbelievable really.
*had no choice but to support brexit after the abuse of out system by 4 million rabid UKIP nutters. UKIP couldn't even get their leader elected in the most leave of seat 6 times. That is how much people care about brexit, when something else is on offer. F*ck your contrived BS
Do we think #brexit will actually happen? If it doesn’t it makes the last 2 years a complete #political #joke. It it does, does it actually change anything and was the #referendum result even #honoured. I #voted #remain but all I want now is #clarity #business #UK #eu #trade
I voted Brexit and would accept a second referendum if it were to decide between options for leaving only. For eg a choice between PM’s deal and ‘Managed No deal under WTO terms’
#nippyknew so did you. Tick tock.
In a factory that had a £400,000 EU grant, count the lies.
Soft brexit still grabs the powers from Holyrood. There should be a withdrawal mechanism in statute like article 50.
I hope is not in charge of #Brexit impact on families and vulnerable.
I added a video to a playlist John Bercow is attempting to undermine Brexit!
A well-argued piece, most of which many Remainers would agree. But the time for a plan and form of Brexit was in June 2016, not two years later. Perhaps you should have spent less time making dishonest claims about the NHS and swarms of Turkish migrants. Quit the blame game.
Some Malcolm Tucker level tomfoolery going on here... If you don’t know that that’s been written and placed to be papped, you’ve not seen TTOI...
European Union 'ready to delay Article 50 and postpone Brexit' - PoliticsHome
Best info I've seen on options available in the Brexit chaos:
Seriously?
The British pound hit a seven-week high against the dollar as UK PM delivered an upbeat speech on the eve of a key #Brexit vote
"Both were single mothers living on benefits they denounced as far too low. Both had voted for Brexit. Both believed there were too many foreigners here. And both were scandalized when I asked whether they would take vacant jobs in cafes or shops.“They’re immigrants’ jobs,”"
So, £5 on at least one of the succession of Tory Brexit Secretarys resigning by the end of the week. Anyone? #brexit
#USDCAD INTRADAY GANN LEVELS #trading #bitcoin #forex #money #futures #gbpusd #eurusd #us30 #dax #Wti #gann #crypto #sp500 #NASDAQ #crudeoil #usdcad #markets #traders #Brexit
brexit casting couch indiangirl
The latest The DreamAct Daily! Thanks to #immigration #brexit
GREVIOUS, Dominic . Disrespects his own TRUTH?
It is indeed more complex. But made harder by remainer globalist politicians like May, Hammond etc... I'm sorry but if the UK is to avoid a backlash #Brexit must happen. Consider.
Thank you Gareth Johnson for standing up for Britain's democracy.
Surely this has to be deliberate? Nice of him to write it in big letters for the photographers too.
Don't be silly Kate. That would be like the Government not having a Plan B for Brexit
Whats the difference between an awful Brexit and just plain Brexit , aren’t both awful. Can’t work out what a good Brexit is? Just all awful.
Brexit - I suggest a ten year transition period where we retain full membership of EU. #Transition
The Brextremist idealougues were appointed to Government to implement their Brexit plan but ran away
This is the stupidest fucking thing. She doesn't want Brexit and neither does parliament. This isn't a threat to parliament at all. BREXIT NOW.
"Fly with the magic unicorn" - the #brexit lie
Labour will do anything to WIN
#Brexit Laws are in place for us to leave, they are on Statue &amp; have Crown approval, so you would need to make Laws to suspend or revoke or stop them, without Crown Approval (which is the sanction and gift of the Government alone) any new laws would not have any legal standing!
May urges MPs to back her Brexit deal in speech - YouTube
UK #stocks are cheap but valuations are not that far from the 10-year average. Good reason to think they probably haven't priced in a no-deal #Brexit:
Ford's trade union have said the uncertainty of Brexit is part of the reason.
This pic of May furtively sneaking around is perfect for your compositions
You can apply to enter EFTA, and if Norway won't use its veto, maybe even the others won't. But if the UK exits the EU it exits the EEA. And if it isn't in the EFTA by brexit, it won't be in the EEA either.
By the way, guess the topic... ... as good a week to release a re-mastered version of a song about #brexit eh?
Discovery is applying for broadcast licenses in the Netherlands to avoid channels such as Animal Planet and Eurosport going dark in the event of a no-deal Brexit via
Watch for broker margin changes to $GBP for tomorrow: It seems brokers are gearing up for tomorrow's big event by raising margins on $GBP and other UK markets by sending out notices. Our readers have alerted us to temporary changes to margins. #Brexit #trading
This is the first day in AGES I’ve been glued to Twitter for something other than Brexit news. Come on, Martin, do the right thing and get Robbo in as your assistant. #nffc
but, but, but Brexit is the people rejecting corporate globalists...lol
I mean at this point they're just treating us like fucking idiots. Time for the lot of them to go. #JC4PM2019 #GeneralElectionNow #brexit
What a laugh that #brexit is.
Be nice if you were able to point out Theresa May's lies in her BBC speech at Stoke earlier. … I don't think that speech should have been broadcast her statements and her argument is simply untrue.
Oh, I seem to have accidentally left this piece of paper sticking out, *cough, cough*. I've seen fucking windows less transparent than than this.
The cost of #Brexit for #landlords in the capital has been revealed - and it doesn't make for good reading for them...
The Brexit debate: It's time to call a halt to physical and verbal intimidation
Notice that most people who want brexit are rich people, those on safe pensions...or those whose livlihoods are not affected financially...Deny that by asking workers from Ford, Nissan, JLR or similar their views...It would make interesting reading......
A good follow up story would have been too get a list of all those companies who have taken out these loans and to find out how Brexit might make the likelyhood of defaulting on loan repayments.
It’s worse than we even thought possible !
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via
.. she discovered her daughter’s body under a pile of branches and leaves in a city park in Wiener Neustadt, 30 miles from the Austrian capital Vienna.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #MondayMorning #GOP
Expect prolonged uncertainty as Brexit process drags on, says former UK PM - CNBC
Theresa May's new Brexit claim backfires spectacularly as she's accused of lying
Could we have it in CAPS next time so we get the message.
There is no such thing as a workers’ Brexit. Brexit of any kind will do terrible harm to working people
John Major says revoking Article 50 is ‘the only sensible course’
J.K. Rowling totally voted for Brexit
Bob Marley's first draft
Well, at least they aren't resorting to obvious stunts, that's something. Subtlety isn't there strong suit, is it?
Brexit can still be blocked, PM May warns rebels as key vote looms via UK politicians can't do their jobs? Britons voted for Brexit. Now the elites are ignoring the people. This is how civil wars start.
Wow, The leave dark side is in overload just like it was before the referendum. "It's raining Bots" #brexit #FinalSay #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
Thinking about that time i *accidentally* tweeted how much i hate hot cross buns and my mum *accidentally* read it
#Remain 'I wouldn’t exist if it wasn’t for freedom of movement bringing my parents together' –
Brexit is in peril, UK PM May warns ahead of vote on her deal
What obvious garbage - no Brexit leaves us where we are now - unless he's saying we can't ever recover from where we are now.
Brexit is like Next socks. Full of holes in no time.
How do these oxygen thieves manage to breathe &amp; walk round at the same time?
The Poll Tax riots will look like a minor playground spat compared to what will happen if the MAJORITY WILL is not acted upon.
For people who have not clocked it yet: settled status is less than ideal. People don't get physical proof of having it #brexit
Trump's going to end the world. #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
Not worth the paper it is written on! It’s not Leaving it’s not Legally enforceable &amp; like the promises made by EU to Tony Liar over farm subsidies will be conveniently forgotten by the EU when it suits them-it’s not Brexit &amp; is 100% a Trap that Treason May wants to walk into!
This British lawmaker has delayed the birth of her second child, against doctors' advice, in order to vote on the Brexit deal tomorrow
There is literally no way this was an accident
This is hilarious. I'll just write this as large as I can and leave it poking out of my folder. It's beyond satire.
Politicians that tell us that Brexit is either great or a massive disaster. They don't seem to know much either at the moment.
The only way parliament can block #Brexit is if is complicit in passing legislation to prevent us leaving! FACT...!
Can someone photoshop the lyrics of New Rules on to this? Thanks
this looks more than a little "accidentally on purpose"
No bridge between Scotland and Ireland
Our delightful local MP appears to be trending on Twitter today. I trust that we're all proud of the fame which he is bringing to Beaconsfield?
Deal or no deal? Prior to tomorrow’s Brexit vote in the UK House of Commons: what the European Commission and the British Government agreed to on 25 November:
I would prefer to see Corbyn in charge (of country and this 'Brexit' business) I believe he will act in the interests of the majority whereas the Tory Party are only interested in acting for a monied minority.
Nope. The failure of Brexit has always been inevitable. Watch.
Mugs in a china shop listening to a load of bull: “Theresa May mocked for delivering Brexit speech in front of 'a load of mugs' - Evening Standard
#FTSE100 INTRADAY GANN LEVELS #trading #bitcoin #forex #money #futures #gbpusd #eurusd #us30 #dax #Wti #gann #crypto #sp500 #NASDAQ #crudeoil #usdcad #markets #traders #Brexit
Trump helped puttin Destabilize USA ,Europe,start brexit ,give rise to white nationalist,use Steve bannon as go between......
It was always the case that those who would deliver Brexit were incompetent to do so, but angry old people still voted for it.
NEWS: Brexit takes toll on Britain's financial sector, outlook weak (Reuters)
Holy fucking God. I'm seeing articles on panic buying food because of Brexit. Fucking fear mongering newspapers spreading their bullshit. Some woman has bought 52 tins of beans. This is like when we're forecast a cm of snow &amp; 10M people run to the shop for bread &amp; milk. Asshats
If you were 'smart' enough to buy a #brexitbox, you should definitely buy our #brexitkidsbook. Guaranteed to keep kids smiling at least for as long as your food lasts! #Survival #Brexit
I know there are mixed reviews, but really enjoyed this yesterday. Good anger building background to this week's events in Parliament, as well as a lesson for those who don't believe emotions aren't vital in politics, so food for thought for General Election or referendum to come
Obviously been in one of the free bars in the Commons to get bladdered. #CompassionateTories #CompassionateTory
"Oh, no, I hope nobody uses a long lens to take a photo of my piece of paper with the words 'No food' at the top that I have accidentally left poking out the top of my folder, it would be awful if anyone saw I'd written 'No food' down..."
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
To Brexit,or not to Brexit, that is the question
The “elites” are still elected by those working class people, even after that brexit vote. Only got themselves to blame if their MP doesn’t represent their views ultimately, MPs do take what people want into account to an extent or they won’t be elected again.
Like someone pointed out, do a hard Brexit and the EU will be the one desperate for a trade agreement that's fair to both sides &amp; respects the sovereignty of the UK.
I'm afraid this is completely wrong. Brexit can only be stopped by unilateral revocation of Article 50. Parliament can vote for this, and the Government would be obliged to honour its decision.
Please explain the rape comment. We get a lot back you know. Have you got your tax statement in? It costs me £12 a year for EU contributions. Immigration will rise when we leave, did you know that? Brexit has cost us billions so far and will get worse.
Brexit: Labour MEPs ask Jeremy Corbyn to back second EU referendum | The Independent
On Planet everything is possible, apart from that which follows the laws of nature. Pigs can fly, unicorns flock, gravity is elective where and when you want. It is beautiful. (Now, get that lunatic back into his straight jacket and lock him back up in the padded room)
Sorry Gabby, leavers really don’t care, neither do they bother with the implications of a hard Brexit. They want to slam the door on their way out.
Scam after scam after scam...the whole bloody "EU Project" should be pulled down and consigned to the dustbin of history labeled "DO NOT RESURRECT !"
The latest Contract Furniture NEWS! Thanks to #brexit #diseño
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote | London Evening Standard
The UK economy faces a number of outcomes following Tuesday’s Commons vote
Seems fair
This absolutely breaks my heart! How can Brexiters &amp; this dreadful Tory government call themselves "patriots" when they are ready to destroy peace &amp; the UK. They don't deserve a United country; they are into destroying unions of countries on all levels, Ireland deserves peace!
Promoting informed choice. Bravo.
‘No food’?
Presumably there's another minister trolling the PeoplesVoters ...
You and all the other arse holes are just being pedantic. You are playing a dangerous game going against a democratic vote. For your information there's no hardliners or soft or hard Brexit there's just Brexit and we voted "LEAVE"
Down scs. Looking for a new shag pad for me and the missus. Start jumping on the beds. Fat store assistant waddles over telling me to get down. Bounce off the mattress into a brexit powerbomb. Her head smacks off another bed. Dart out. No surrender. Security cannit catch me.
'No-Brexit to mean we are all covered in shit' no-shit sherlock shocker...
#'Paralysis in parliament': UK PM warns of 'catastrophic harm' if Brexit deal rejected -
Yellow vests for Brexit
Observe unimaginable joy and happiness in the photo at having screwed Theresa May and the UK. #Brexit #EU
That's very observant of you but there will be a number of grass roots would be councillors looking for votes and will not be pleased when the people say ignored my vote and I'm ignoring you! #Brexit #Voted2leave
A lot fuller than this morning!
Theresa May Warns 'No Brexit' Is More Likely than 'No Deal' via
EU letter in full: What assurances have been offered for Brexit?
What’s the bloody world coming to when people are allowed to have cancer tests? It’s all gone downhill, I tell you. Full Brexit NOW !!! +infinity
Right, fuck off, deliberate or not I demand to know how is writing reality.
BBC News - Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam? Y'uv heard of todays newspapers tomorrows toilet role. Start making them now then you don't get caught short.Cut the paper into small squares,thread a piece of string through the lot,Hang on door.
So we can read it. It's all rather pathetic. He should have also included death of the first born and black death. #brexit
Even if my MP was (it isn't thank God) I would defend her right to vote as she wishes.
NEWS: EU letter in full: What assurances have been offered for Brexit?
And for good measure end the Labour Party too
A good follow up story would have been too get a list of all those companies who have taken out these loans and to find out how Brexit might affect likelyhood of defaulting on loan repayments.
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake' - BBC News
A no-deal Brexit survival guide: what food to stockpile
Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Beware of False Brexit Break-Outs
If Benn wants to have a vote that unilateral To block Brexit We must have a vote that requires unilaterally To block WTR Meaning 650 MPs have to vote it down That's democracy
I added a video to a playlist The establishment hate the idea of a clean Brexit
Accidentally on purpose.
Could this "significant disruption" mean, our government and civil service actually having to bother their arses and be productive instead of deferring all blame and policy decisions to the EU?
N | #Éire : Germany's Foreign Minister insists EU is in 'full solidarity with Ireland' as Brexit impasse reaches…
OH NO I HAVE ACCIDENTALLY LEFT MY TOP SECRET PIECE OF PAPER SLIGHTLY IN PUBLIC SIGHT HOW DID I MAKE SUCH A SILLY MISTAKE
N | #Éire : 25000 Irish companies vulnerable to hard Brexit - EI - Nonetheless, EI chief executive Julie Sinnamon…
N | #Éire : Northern Ireland to get power to reject EU laws and regulations in Brexit backstop - The Northern…
Oh hell no
Warned!... For once let's hope she's right.... bring the madness to an end #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Big difference between what they are interested in and what's in their interests. Perhaps you'd like to explain how #Brexit can possibly in the interest of ordinary working people.
... be surprised.
I'd starve them of air, let alone airtime.
Surely this is deliberate. It's like in films when someone takes notes in BLOCK CAPITALS to make sure the audience can read it
The Government shldve invested the 2yrs into research to find out what Brexit wld mean/cost before any referendum
I trust then that you will be supporting a #PeoplesVote as that's what the majority of your constituents want, along with stopping #Brexit #Brexitometers
The political class according to Theresa May will vote against Brexit, proving UK corrupt insiders are criminal.
BCF CEO discussed the concerns of our industry in regards to a no deal Brexit on the program ‘wake up to money’ on Monday morning. (34.5 minutes) The BCF would be happy to discuss further with relevant media
So true - Britain will be strongest when trading alone and for ourselves. In a world market with only ourselves to take care of and no one coming to our shores looking for handouts, money or lace-up shoes from ourselves.
May warns MPs that killing off her Brexit deal would be the 'height of recklessness' in desperate last-ditch plea before tomorrow's Commons showdown - as EU scrambles to shore her up with vow Irish backstop will only be 'temporary'
Definitely not staged! Do they think we were born yesterday! #Brexit
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
#cac40 INTRADAY GANN LEVELS #trading #bitcoin #forex #money #futures #gbpusd #eurusd #us30 #dax #Wti #gann #crypto #sp500 #NASDAQ #crudeoil #usdcad #markets #traders #Brexit
Thwarting the will of an unarmed populace.
Better ask twice for direction than running in the wrong direction and risk a damage
And he's just come up with #Labour's #JC4PM2019 general election campaign slogan...
Brexit
They don't understand the situation. They therefore can't manage it. They certainly shouldn't be allowed to broadcast their ignorance of the facts unless it's for satirical purposes?
No deal brexit is the way forward. Stop trying to integrate us into EU further more
She’s toast. Indy is toast. Since Brexit she has disrupted our politics and sabotaged at every turn. No, in a massive week for the UK, Scotlands First Minister is trying to cover her tracks in a seedy scandal. We deserve better. #SturgeonMustGo
How’s he got time for that, he’s Brexit Minister isn’t he?
"I want to be sure we leave the European Union. I want to do it on the basis of a good deal..." You need to be dumping YOUR deal then , because the shambles you are presenting is NOT #Brexit in any form. The letter is a con, it has no legal basis/recourse at all.
"No Food, No Channel Tunnel? " Words on document being carried by treasury official into cabinet meetin
The biggest mistake a fool makes is taking everyone else for a fool #NoDealNoProblem #Brexit
May Digs in on Brexit #Brexit #SupportResistance #Canada
UKIP is confusing. MEPs (ones still left) have great knowledge of many betrayals such as #PESCO yet remain silent. Batten wants to be more "For Britain" than AMW. For sanity, #DirectDemocracy and true #Brexit there is ONE choice. #DVP
Unlucky. (for some)
He’s got a point hasn’t he?
When 'Brexit' translates to 'Apocalypse' for some.... BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
"You kids vote for my withdrawal agreement or I'll turn this car around and there'll be no Channel Tunnel for anyone!"
And parliament's legitimacy comes from the electorate, with *this* parliament being elected on a specific mandate to implement Brexit. MPs bypassing the electorate to vote for a PV leaves parliament in the position of doing precisely the opposite of what it was elected to do.
Spot on
and it would of been achieved if the 1972 eca was repealed but may did not do it did she the only way to get a full clean brexit is to leave with no deal now , it is the only option left postponing brexit would cause no end of demonstration and be catastrophic for torys
Those who want a #PeoplesVote than a #GeneralElection, what do you propose happens should Leave win the second referendum? We can’t have another vote if the second one is lost, Tories disastrous #Brexit deal happens anyway! The Tories have ruined the country enough! #GTTO
yes, the Brexit laws would have to be repealed in the event of A50 being revoked. So it is hard to see how the Government could revoke A50 without Parliament's agreement.
Whoever voted leave in the referendum, well done. Look at the incompetence! #Brexit #borednow can we just leave... And get over the shit that's going to unfold.
BBC Sport - Neil Warnock's Brexit views 'do not reflect Cardiff City position'
That's not true it's the Brexit uncertainty causing job losses and moving jobs to Slovakia as the car industry needs to be in the EU in order to trade with 27 countries! Brexit does nothing to assist trade or improve Britain in any way shape or form
The picture of local UK #stocks is grimmer. The FTSE Local UK Index is near a *record low* vs FTSE 100 since at least 2006: #Brexit #BrexitVote
UK can't do anything with them til we #brexit
No Brexit, no Indy That is a danger for anyone in poverty. Westmidden won't stop punishing them for the crime of being poor until all poor folk are skeletal Nicola decided that would be her line. Poor folk across Scotland ARE in danger wi nae Brexit.
Not very Brexit of you Neil..... Peter Crouch would be more on theme.
Probably been offered a Peerage.
On this morning - if you want the UK to leave the EU on 29th March in good order the PM’s deal is the only option - that’s why I’ll be voting for it #Brexit
Japan's Norinchukin bank to open Amsterdam unit, due to Brexit - #Amsterdam #News
Most people don't understand what you say sadly - I am not a fan of JC, but he has done well on Brexit in a nightmare situation. 70% Lab voters are remain, but 60% Lab electoral constituencies Leave. The remain vote is electorally ridiculously inefficient for Labour.
will #theresamay resign today or overnight to stop #brexit until a new #tory leader is found? there is evil afoot to keep us in the EU &gt; Galloway on #BrexitVote: "We're in uncharted waters" via
Hermes sets up Dublin office in no-deal Brexit contingency plan
One minute they are trying to terrify everyone by no-deal to vote for it .. that didn't work. Now they are trying to terrify everyone with no brexit to vote for it ... that won't work either. Save the embarrassment &amp; get on with leaving without any farce EU favoured deal!!
The Royal Mint says there's been a 73% increase in January sales of gold as investors panic ahead of Brexit. Co-incidentally, you can buy gold from the company.
Another #Tory #Brexit resignation! #ToryBrexitShambles #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal #StopBrexit Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Paling the same line..... David Lammy - Brexit speech - 10th January 2019 via
May's Premiership will not be defined by Brexit. It will be defined by inept decision making, irresponsible policies, death on streets, 50k winter NHS deaths each winter, Dead families in Grenfell, Deaths in Yemen, Suicides, Syria, Her own citizens deported, Corruption &amp; Brexit
Because Libs like you are always happy to collude to deflect/distort/obfuscate by going "wHY iS c0rByN nOt DoInG AnYtHiNg"
Because they know the whole Brexit idea is a dead duck.
The latest Trending Only! #ausopen #brexit
What do you expect tanks to the MPs being vocal that they will block Brexit -the Eu will be confident we won’t leave
How is this guy an MP what the hell is he talking about the "only way to ensure we leave the EU" has he read the withdrawal agreement, no wonder this Country has so many issues if people like him are running it. It’s worrying to say the least.
Gary, Brian what do you think about Brexit? There you go sorted...can't tell how much more I think that's brought to the brext debate....
UK advertising market faces recession under no-deal Brexit
.... and this is why we need to stop Brexit first, to ensure we shall be able to afford such policies, or do you have a 'magic money tree'?
If Brexit makes it as difficult for Brits to work in the EU as it is now for EU devs to jump over to the US, Brit devs are fucked.
"why don't you just take your notes down to Snappy Snaps and get them blown up to gigantic charity cheque size, so the partially sighted can be in on the f**king gag?"
Considering all the data that Amazon must have on me, they should know I don't have a cat. Unless this is a post-Brexit diet regime recommendation.
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
If the EU was like that I wouldn’t bother about Brexit that’s for sure.
Meet The Youth Movement Pushing For A Second Brexit Referendum (HBO) via
A plug for the greatest 18th century diarist - James Woodforde. Best read in the totally unabridged editions published by the Parson Woodforde Society. The day by day minutiae of a very ordinary life. Magical and the perfect antidote to Brexit.
Mel Stride campaigned to remain in the European Union. This is the most blatant and pathetic attempt at putting the fear of God into people. I really do find it hard to see how we heal the lack of trust in our institutions post-Brexit. This is pathetic.
Another opinion on #Brexit
#TeresaMay should not be able to say to the country vote for my deal or brexit is off. It’s her so called deal not ours or the main governments. She acting like at best a spoilt school girl who stamps her feet at worse a cold blooded dictator
No food AND no Channel Tunnel?!
Ah yes, good old “Economists for Free Trade.” Led by that genius economist Patrick Minford, who thought that the Poll Tax was a really good idea, and that Brexit destroying manufacturing industry in this country is a good thing.
High noon for #Brexit?:
Still relevant
Brexit is a good thing!
#USDJPY INTRADAY GANN LEVELS #trading #bitcoin #forex #money #futures #gbpusd #eurusd #us30 #dax #Wti #gann #crypto #sp500 #NASDAQ #crudeoil #usdcad #markets #traders #Brexit
he would have to join the conservative party and get to the top of it to lead the brexit talks, an action that requires a sacrifice of all integrity.
How Brexit could be good for regtech
EU (ie UK) trades with many major markets under rules.
LIVE: Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote
#TheresaMay's last-ditch #Brexit plea #backfires
This is such a load of nonsense I don't even know where to start. So instead I'll just say that I'm sick of politicians in this country lying, peddling unicorns, false hopes, fuelling the fires of racism and anti-immigrant nationalism.
And Brexit - it's not a coincidence!
Yes give the remoaners a reason to vote against the deal... May: het is mijn deal, of brexit is van de baan -
You surely inhabit a different Twittersphere. I am daily beset by Tweets explaining that the only reason the Brexit dream has not dawned, is that the Remainers, led by May, have been in charge and have deliberately frustrated the ambitions of the faithful.
I bet half of the Leave campaigners in Parliament are secretly hoping Brexit will be cancelled, because they don't want to be blamed for the shitshow that follows. Most will wish they never backed Leave in the first place.
Will be watching this one - via #HBOFilms "Brexit,' the movie, in partnership with BBC Studios, Channel 4 and House Production, debuts Sat. on HBO"
It's almost as if he WANTED the notes to be seen.
if I'm reading this correctly there will be NO THERMAL FUNNEL in the event of #NoDeal. Huge if true.
MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins Mrs. Caulfield, Codswallop to your opinion "Capitulation"! whats next the EU take over of the Island? you've all gone bonkers.
This is so obviously intentional. Tory party melting down
A sneaky glimpse of new EU orders for our PM if she doesn't agree to their demands.
#France is hoping that members of Britain’s parliament will approve Prime Minister #Brexit deal, an official at President #Macron ’s Elysee department said on Monday. #MNA #MNA_English #Anglophones
This is so true. But the debates are invariably between mebers of the public who have not done much research, or politicians with their own agendas. Genuine experts were derided by Gove in one of the stupidest comments of all time - good-bye civilisation.
I liked a video May urges MPs to back her Brexit deal in speech
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
This is so important particularly with the challenges of Brexit. Better ties with China are vital. #china #export #investment #2019 #opportunities #growth #business #ireland #IDA
"If you're incompetent, you can't know that you're incompetent". #Brexit seems to demonstrate the Dunning-Kruger effect well - I bet Esther would rub lemon juice on her face to avoid being recognised...
YES YES YES YES
Won't be long till people are photoshopping all sorts of dire Brexit warnings onto this image
3. Quiet bat people.
Why should we allow the country to be driven off a cliff into a no deal brexit? Peoples vote on Mays deal or remain!!
We're all going to go on the 5:2 diet except it's going to be 0:7.
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line
With Purplebricks hitting an almost perfect score on Feefo, our CCO provides his thoughts on what it takes to influence #referrals using your own #feedback, as well as the ways to broach the #Brexit subject with your customers...
The negotiation process for Theresa May to get back into power was to promise £1bn to a DUP run norn Ireland. Not sure that was something everyone voted for. Either way, Brexit is a mess
Could an early election resolve the #Brexit conundrum?
Cardiff City distance themselves from Neil Warnock's Brexit views
How do you see #brexit effecting the car manufacturing industry?
My 94 year old mother in law has said she's "tired of Brexit". She's not alone. But surely that means it is meaningless to go on with it?
If I've ever seen a metaphor for #Brexit it is this! An over-priced gin palace piloted by some arrogant, over-privileged poncenby and the little man clings to his rod in the vain hope he still can catch a fish amidst the carnage
Countdown to Brexit: Stephen Phipson, CEO of EEF, the manufacturers’ organisation
Your job is a 24/7 one, Mr Trump. All you have done is turned America in to a wasteland of distrust and poverty for those who were already on the breaking point. At least with Brexit our country is still working while our politicians are sorting it out.
Agreed
ANY word on EU Military Unification (google)? Has Treason May already given CONTROL of ALL our Military to EU hence No #Brexit ?
Take care that #hamster behaviour doesn't inflate your household spending #Brexit #spending #financialwellness
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
Along the same line... David Lammy - Brexit speech - 10th January 2019 via
Jeremy Corbyn saying no deal #Brexit would be catastrophic, yet the Labour MPs won’t back the deal on the table, hence it will fall through I suppose. No idea how UK can get out of this mess, other than by having a 2nd people’s vote!
When you "get your country back". Divs.
banter
Brexit cannot be 'shaped'. Pseudo-intellectual claptrap disguising the subversion of a clearly expressed national preference. Boles is a lightweight who knows not what he does. Winchester and Magdalen. Always amazes me how astonishingly shit are the great and the good
I added a video to a playlist May urges MPs to back her Brexit deal in speech
Axios: Trump channels Theresa May's Brexit plan for NAFTA 2.0. via
How does this solve the #Brexit fiasco?
Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Beware of False Brexit Break-Outs | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
Good on you..nice that she wants to live in her grandfathers time.. many of us have grandfathers and fathers who fought in wars, my pop would have been horrified that they did all that and all we can expect is a little sprinkling of hope!! Really.. ???
Definitely not staged.
But that’s the case, isn’t it? Votes in non-binding referendums don’t matter that much. Votes in general elections matter more, because our democracy is (rightly) representative.
EU letter in full: What Brexit assurances did May get?
Brexit can still be blocked, Theresa May warns rebels ahead of vote
Just wrote a brilliant 4 tweet rebuttal of some Brexit shite about the good old days that's just been deleted. I feel cheated.
They will try every underhand, dirty, rotten, scum bag, nasty, vicious, insidious trick in the devils playbook to undermine and ruin #Brexit. You can depend upon that.
#Brexit will make Britain poorer #StopBrexit #PeoplesFavouriteVISWASAM
No way this is real?!?
What a fucking twat
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
True and all but if I were a Tory MP I'd be careful about accusing other parties about being in a civil war
We have a Gov in London that has been found in contempt of Parliament, titles being handed out for votes,a Brexit apocalypse looming however the MSM in Scot think that NS having coffee with her friend and colleague of 25+ years is a hanging offence!
Guesses for the hidden point number three. No oxygen? No puppies? No shoes?
Theresa May mounts last-ditch bid to win support for Brexit deal
It seems to me you are offering a deal that isn’t good enough for large swathes of the Brexit voters; and equally unacceptable to remainers. It’s not games, your Govt hasn’t delivered a deal worthy of acceptance. Thus leavers and remainers alike should vote against it!
#GBPJPY INTRADAY GANN LEVELS #trading #bitcoin #forex #money #futures #gbpusd #eurusd #us30 #dax #Wti #gann #crypto #sp500 #NASDAQ #crudeoil #usdcad #markets #traders #Brexit
“The Internet has become a catalyst for political change. However, it’s less progressive forces that are currently profiting most from it”
China? What a coincidence, that's where all your jobs are going post Brexit.
These MP’s say ‘people have changed their mind’ or the big lie, ‘they represent the people’. By the replies to this tweet failed on both counts #DemocracyMatters
Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Beware of False Brexit Break-Outs
this seems a bit... obvious
Clicketty-clack, clicketty-clack The Commons is full of political yak We’re no further forward From two years of debate In providing an answer to Brexit fate Progress has travelled at the pace of a snail Looks like the answer has come off the rail
I think I shall walk around with a piece of paper on display that says unicorns are real, I have one in my orchard.
No one is interested emily. No one wants your GE let aline your marxist leader. Be careful what you wish for. You might well get a nasty shock from.tje electorate is you go down this route. It would split your party. No brexit position in manifesto that doesn't make people laugh
The 2019 Literary Service Award will be given to Bob Woodward, The Washington Post editor known most recently for “Fear: Trump in the White House,”
There are good arguments on both sides, Theresa May does not have the answers to unite them tho! Not quite sure anyone, Brexit or Remain can really believe she does. Only issue I have with *some remainers is the idea that somehow working class people are stupid and MPs know besy
EU letter in full: What assurances have been offered for Brexit?
We are all being trolled at this point
It won't happen Kate. It would be great if the 17.4 million did that but we all know what's coming, a Labour government, not only did we get fkd over on Brexit but we end up with a socialist government We are doomed
BBCNEWS 7:09am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM says no Brexit more likely than no deal ', I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM in last-ditch effon to persuade...
Top trolling
NOW I understand the type of #GoveExpert who was "2B Ignored" BJohnson's Reality: Someone drives me, therefore I know more about car manufacturing than the CEO of Jaguar Land Rover. #UxbridgeDeservesBetter!! Use #ABTV to unseat this professional complainer. #RevokeA50 #FBPE
They didn't ignore the result it was how the referendum was conducted had to be by a certain percentage with the last indy referendum and Brexit one vote would have been enough but not in the case of Brexit as the establishment won't allow us to leave
Am I alone in thinking the only way to avoid this is to withdraw from Brexit?
your time is up. You are bankrupt. Hollow and beyond hope. "In the name of God, go" #StopBrexit to #GetTheToriesOut
new version of Imagine sounds rubbish
Yes, he is very clear in response to 's excellent intervention that safe seats and inequality were the two reasons for Brexit. #ProportionalRepresentation
Watched it. Cried.
Exactly. Well done for fighti
There are enough people already prepared to vote Labour, so if the Tories lose more votes which they will if Brexit doesn’t happen, Labour will win by default.
May's duplicity strategy is in full swing. Scare brexiteers this morning with "voting down the deal means no Brexit" and scare remainers this afternoon with "voting down the deal means no deal." Will MPs be stupid enough to fall for the duplicity?
"1) No sex, no drugs, no wine, no women 2) No fun, no sin, no you, no wonder it's dark"
Hear bloody hear thank god he’s leaving politics
just to remind u that I am 1 of your constituents who is still happy with a no deal Brexit.. please reply as this is at least my 4th message without 1.
The withdrawal agreement is the thing that has been agreed, the backstop is a backstop until we negotiate a permanent agreement and would we please get on with it one way or the other
First Brexit now this.. what is happening to the world? We live in crazy times.
Labour falls SIX points behind the Tories despite May's Brexit chaos
Pretty sure the the only reason brexiteers call people's vote supporters snowflakes and crybabies is bc they're either too privileged to have to worry about the effects of brexit or they literally don't understand the situation lol
I fear no Brexit , remember the poll tax riots , a lot of people are very angry about the pro. EU MP'S trying to thwart Brexit .
No clue
Only remainers want a "people's vote" a losers vote. We had a people's vote in 2016. A GE in 2017 where 80% voted for parties promising to deliver Brexit. Remain lost and all of the George Soros money won't change that.
Says a lot that a Labour MP would hide their grovelling excuses for propping up this brutal government behind a Times paywall. You're a disgrace, Kevin.
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers | Politics
Being ruled by Marxist Dictators &amp; that is the EU goal! Have you seen recent pictures of the French Riots? People in Brussels are demonstrating against the EU,&amp; in Germany, Italy stand in defiance as does Poland, Brexit is the first peoples demand to Leave the EU not the last!!
Let me explain. Leavers, did not vote for the same thing. Some voted for hard Brexit. Some for a version of soft. A lot of people will not get what they want. So then what? All known options should be on the ballet paper in a vote. Decision is final.
Would that around 80% then?
Siri. Show me Brexit in a single image.
We'll thank you for voting against the awful deal, we won't forgive you for supporting #Brexit in the first place.
Snowplow Politics - very interesting essay in new ed of NR mag on portents of Brexit &amp; Trump election:
Good to hear, but it would be nice to hear some specifics such as those which were already provided to Austrian citizens living in the UK.
Basically the last chance for a non-catastrophic-Brexit though
#EURJPY INTRADAY GANN LEVELS #trading #bitcoin #forex #money #futures #gbpusd #eurusd #us30 #dax #Wti #gann #crypto #sp500 #NASDAQ #crudeoil #usdcad #markets #traders #Brexit
He's probably a brexit cunt
And importing requires the other side exporting If it’s stuck on the export side you are importing hot air
I wrote to my MP and he replied, albeit politely, telling me he's going to vote for 's deal. He's NEVER voted against the govt on anything. I don't see the point in him. He's a coward and I will never vote for him or the torys again following #Brexit
what going on. Qu'est-ce qui se passe. one hunted Brexit. one hunted shutdown. one hunted yellow jacket
#GiletsJaunes #YellowVests #YellowVest #YellowVestProtests #Paris #France #QAnon #Brexit #NoDeal #NoDealBrexit What the MSM aren't reporting.
Duh! Theresa May is a politician and our prime minister; of course she wouldn't rule out extending Article 50, or a second referendum. That is why she is saying Brexit might never happen!
We all no why they will vote for Mays deal
Eh, the 1979 Scottish Referendum??
No food and no Channel Tunnel make Homer... ?
I don't know about you lot but I really want a #BrexitInquiry to look into the lies, cheating &amp; corruption in 2016 &amp; abuses of power, contempt of parliament &amp; misuse of funds by May as she tried to shoehorn a Brexit deal through. Regardless of if we leave or not, we need this!!
We are past brave. We are angry. 76% of Tory party members voted for the No Deal option for Brexit yet she is still selling her worst of all worlds exit. Biggest mistake of my life to trust her after leaving Labour, seeing no real support for Brexit. No deal!
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
Our industry’s very real economic concerns in the event of a no deal Brexit was a topic of discussion on on Monday morning, discussed the impacts at 34.5 mins. We are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
Foreign Exchange Weekly: GBP: Brexit, USD: Broadly Weaker, EUR: WPI &amp; Peer-factors, CAD: Oil-Coupled, AUD &amp; NZD: Gauging Risk Sentiment &amp; Chinese Data
In competition with the White House!
This has to be a deliberate plant, right?
Brexit: Pound to Dollar, Euro Exchange Rates Boosted as PM May Suggests UK Could Remain in EU if MPs Reject Deal
This is probably the only truthful thing any politician has said about brexit both sides were fucking awful when it comes to the campaign
For some MPs, it presumably means a 'My Job First' Brexit.
Lordy. becomes latest MP to display careless filing with lurking. Somewhere alarming consequences.
It’s actually not my fault that Labour does not have a clear brexit policy. If it did, I would generously share it with you. The 2018 conference resolution is long and ambiguous, and many Labour voters feel that Corbyn is ignoring it. How is that MY fault????
Brexit would equally enable a Marxist or Socialist Government from doing what they are elected to do. The EU fetters democracy.
#EU said to have rejected #UK’s calls to add end-date to backstop #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal $GBPUSD #forex
That's what Cameron said ,out meant out . Out of single market and out of customs union. The vote would be implemented.
Well it certainly isn't democracy that's for sure. Brexit and austerity has certainly shown this country up as talking the talk of democracy but not walking the walk. Democracy has its flaws but when it's only a veneer it certainly shows the flaws of protectionist governance.
It saddens me that we have a PM who is now saying that if we don’t accept HER WA then we may not have Brexit at all. The whole purpose of this Government and Opposition being elected was to provide Brexit, by Manifestos and the Referendum Result. Nothing else is acceptable.
But what will the Quiet Bat People eat?
All being swept under the radar - whilst the Tories self combust over #Brexit
Wrong: the vote for #Brexit set the political agenda for over 2 years, &amp; the MPs you elected are grappling with what it means. There are several varieties of Brexit, none of which were on any ballot paper.
May’s deal isnt Brexit.
You do know with a large lump sum to help from the EU. JLR are moving for cheaper overheads, nothing to do with Brexit
#Brexit will make Britain poorer #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
shared this article discussing how #NoDealBrexit will effect UK aerospace industry
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
Do you think that Mays statement that if the deal fails in parliament Brexit may be delayed will have an influence on the outcome?
I wish people in the entertainment industry would keep their political views to themselves. The list of actors/comedians whose Brexit opinions I've heard and who I'd ever enjoy seeing perform again is pretty short.
VOMIT VOMIT VOMIT sorry Folks I can't help just messed my shirt. Esther McVey said she's a 'compassionate conservative', and everyone made the same point
With minds and emotions caught up in this bloody Brexit hijack UKGOV has eye ripped away from the ever growing ball of agony. Nazanin’s well being heartlessly abandoned by our self serving politicians
For the sake of #UKinEU citizens too! Many feel abandoned, lost &amp; fearful about a future being imposed in which they may not even have had a say! #RevokeA50 #RestoreHope
Default to what - no deal or no Brexit
I can’t even read the second
Theresa May tells MPs: It’s my deal, no deal, or no Brexit
Everyone is different but unfortunately the 65+ vote was statistically solid for #BREXIT and the turnout was particularly heavy in that age range. It's clear that BREXIT is an old person's cause &amp; has diminished by 1.4 million in two &amp; half yrs. Young REMAINER's increased.
The way things are going with Brexit the occupants of these 2 properties will be looking for a removal company. Saffron Taxi Van man with a van catering for all house move budgets #saffrontaxivan #housemoves #manwithavan #budgetremovals #collections #deluveries
What a weak man and MP people voted this man out
Brexit: Choice between recession and relief Britain has a stark economic choice to make next year: Recession or relief.
Traitor!
Markets think there'll be an extention
Yes totally agree with you Lisa,plus we should have control of our own coastal waters, be free of the ECHR and have nothing to do with this EU army they’re trying to form to be used against their own peoples
but she has no deal, the Budget was read out in Nov 2018 and yes there are provisions for interim de facto changeover to brexit, but they are de facto and not procedural plans for post brexit Governance within the current Parliamentary Session and same timeline of her Brexit
Nor, I’m sure, of or .
Is someone who would rather destroy the economy than let the people speak – when politics has so clearly failed? If Leaving is such a good idea, it should win even bigger second time around! Why so scared? #PeoplesVote #A50 #Brexit
I've been back 30 seconds and I've already seen a Remainer retweet this with the utmost sincerity. Fantastic. Glad they didn't all suddenly get normal while I was gone.
Nothing is more accurate than to say that if Brexit is in peril it is solely because TM has waffled and dithered for the past 2 years leading you Brits to this state of affairs. Leave on WTO or you do not have Brexit. Stay strong. #Irexit
Isn’t the whole point of the backstop to keep us in the EU? For example; “You can’t leave the backstop unless you give us fishing and Gibraltar?” Juncker and Tusk send May eleventh hour letter ahead of crunch Brexit deal vote
Lol Im mixing the crowd of a week on cd only he tells me after brexit so Im a school called races Lmao so Damn Forgot about
No Brexit is a massive double down, a dare.
Theresa May delivers warning ahead of Brexit vote
This is an outcome of years and years of hate speech and separating people into "us" and "them". Sounds familiar? No, not Brexit. Not Trump. , this is all on you. #WOSP #Poland #hate #PiS
Absolutely! Anything else is not actually leaving!!!
Deal or no deal? Prior to tomorrow’s Brexit vote in the UK House of Commons: what the European Commission and the British Government agreed to on 25 November:
BBCNEWS 7:10am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Labour has vowed to kable vote at no confidence i! PM loses“ BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Government whip...
Funnily enough there's a similar thought process on Brexit here I think - that is that states are either fully sovereign of subjugated, rather than the reality being that states always depend on neighbours for at least some of their interests.
Leave with no deal that was the deal my friend. A lot of us out here agree with that. As you will soon find out!!;
That's one way of generating a reason to resign from your job.
The evacuation of Allied troops from Dunkirk was not "national suicide", despite what Liam Fox says - it was a miraculous act of self-preservation, rescuing troops who would live to fight on and ultimately win. Nothing the disgraced former Defence Secretary has to say is sensible
This is ALL the fault of Theresa May Just her Nobody else She cannot govern, she lost two Brexit secretaries. She sacked her advisers, lost brexit negotiators, front bench ministers and a host of MPs tried to remove her from leadership #GeneraElectionNow
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Yes, because its the go to blame for everything these days. Germany is flirting with recession, is that also due to Brexit?
3. No Woman 4. No Cry
We have a Gov in London that has been found in contempt of Parliament, titles being handed out for votes,a Brexit apocalypse looming however the MSM in Scotland think that NS having coffee with her friend and colleague of 25+ years is a hanging offence
#CADJPY INTRADAY GANN LEVELS #trading #bitcoin #forex #money #futures #gbpusd #eurusd #us30 #dax #Wti #gann #crypto #sp500 #NASDAQ #crudeoil #usdcad #markets #traders #Brexit
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for to vote against #Brexit deal | London Evening Standard
Brexit
How is brexit the status quo , currently we are in EU , surely the status quo is to remain in , surely this is not a difficult concept to grasp
Subtle
Definitely not staged. Not at all. Nope.
I joined the Labour Party. Ed Milliband gave the party back to its members. Jeremy Corbyn was a members choice. The PLP didn’t like it and tried to remove him. Theresa May would love the kind of support he has. She could face down the Tory extremism causing us all such damage
There's many. Just look under the tag #RemainerNow. I'm sure won't bother though, it doesn't fit her bigoted narrative. #Brexit
Brexit
Let's take the fight to the EU - fight every inch
Is this a set up? How could no deal planning involve "no channel tunnel" as GetLink, Eurotunnel's boss only wrote to Grayling on 2 January to remind him that they had discussed more freight trains in the event of no deal (but Grayling gave contract to ferry company with no ships)
Listen to Jamie.
The Worst Brexit Option, Except for All the Others via
Erm. We got hyper neo-liberalism since 2009/2010 combined with misconceptions about sound money and a third final nasty ingredient laissez-faire. Quite a heady brew. We could call it Brexit snakebite perhaps.
Yeah ok. So please follow these instructions about WTO and Brexit c
Why are Labour MPs writing for the Stalinist Morning Star?
First she's should resign tomorrow. Second get a leader in to manage no deal exit. And inspire the people of this country. She drains the life out of everything!! BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Good to know in the current climate that so many UK CS friends are experts in the many forms of channel-based communication #Brexit #crossingchannels
And abandon Brexit while you’re at it.
Is Theresa May heading for the biggest ever defeat when she tries to push her Brexit deal through parliament?
One America: U.K. Prime Minister May warns of no Brexit at all if Parliament does not back her deal
This guy is a twump unless time itself ends there are Always alternatives like a labour gov that not being racist would get a better deal MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
#Brexit keeps on delivering.
Brexit is the certain route to a divided Britain via
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement' - The Independent
You do know that the Brexit Leave Campaign broke campaign finances laws and some are being questioned by police. Ring any bells?
This really hasn't dated well. Get back to running Grange Hill you daft woman. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
This British lawmaker has delayed the birth of her second child, against doctors' advice, in order to vote on the Brexit deal tomorrow
5G, Brexit, Technology : what impact for digital advertising in 2019 in according to Mark Melling of Ad trends 2019: Mark Melling
This “Only Fools &amp; Horses” theme re-boot looks shit...
Surprised no. 1 isn't "We're all fucked!" Surely this is a joke? Nobody would write such simplistic notes, let alone leave them on show.
via Hedge Funds Bet on Brexit
the excellent with a voiceover
Get out while you can. #BREXITSTRONG
'Will of the people' is stupid inane &amp; meaningless, used by the Nazis. Let's have a #peoplesvote and see what the 'will of the people' is now we know the truth about Brexit lies. It's the democratic way to sort this mess out, or is it the 'will of the people' when it suits you?
A cushy job as editor for the Evening Standard, it turns out...
Funny to think that if May &amp; Co had taken the simpler path &amp; just gone for a clean Brexit from the start, they could've avoided (or delayed) opening an even bigger can of worms that’ll probably be the undoing of the main parties , the Lords, &amp; even the voting system.
The referendum in 2016 was not an instruction. High Court came to its conclusion that the referendum was not legally binding. Farage wanted it to be legally binding. So just advisory. Theresa May refuses to rule out #Brexit article 50 extension
Hedge Funds Bet on Brexit
Some people give up weird things for January.
I get the feeling she is not going to go down as everyone's darling, .. Politics is such a tough business at the moment, really making people question them ALL the time.
What does this snarking from the sidelines achieve? Hill can only be advocating one of two irresponsible options: - staying in the EU despite the referendum - a catastrophic hard Brexit Besides - an EEA solution is the only way for the City to retain unfettered access to the EU?
Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
I really cant believe the hype liz that all of a sudden everything will run out! I certainly wont be worrying about brexit ! Lets just get on with it ! And deal with the outcome
Can anybody decipher the second bullet point?
Positive effects of Brexit may far out weigh negative effects.
lllll Theresa May has made a last-ditch attempt to save her Brexit deal by sharing letters from the EU which she says reassures the Northern Irish backstop is "not a trap".
If you’re a Proofreader in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Had Macsween Haggis last night as a pre Burns Night test. It was most excellent, but the Paratha? Great idea, following in the footsteps of Haggis Somosas. Pre or post Brexit, Haggis will prevail. Aren’t we lucky to live on this wonderful island?
Nope that is utter nonsense he stood there in silence as a former deputy speaker said that the squeaker was in his rights to try to overturn brexit, but as soon as Lord Nasby began telling him how dangerous it was and leaving on WTO was nothng to fear Boulton started interrupting
No income tax. No VAT. No money back. No guarantee.
My sample poll of Irish people in their 60s/70s at my grandmother’s birthday time (n=30) shows that Theresa May has lots of sympathy, Boris is an eejit, and ultimately Brexit will restart the troubles because smuggling will help fund the ‘Ra. Hm...
Theresa May makes last-ditch plea to save Brexit deal
Brexit: Labour MEPs ask Jeremy Corbyn to back second EU referendum - The Independent
Theresa May threatened that there may be 'no Brexit' and everyone made the same point
Can't wait !
Clusterfuck Theresa May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
No they have there MP's to blame as they didn't fulfil their mandate. And for most issues you are right however for Brexit, Labour and the Torys are just as bad as each other. There is no effective opposition on this issue.
Hedge Funds Bet on Brexit
#BrexitVote #Brexit I like Brendan O'Neill. But insulting descriptions of genuine, working class patriots like are unnecessary However, Brendan's other points are valid Parliament has turned against the people - spiked
Nope, just my other account for Brexit related things. Thought we were having a nice conversation but he decided to block me! Not very nice at all! Guess he wasn't enjoying it as much once he was proved wrong.
EU's final Brexit backstop offer to save Theresa May sparks fury - explained - Mirror Online
What really motivates the European Research Group? This is really interesting and an insight for me. Not one I welcome but an insight. via
Correct ... #burybrexit
No Brainer Let's go WTO
An unpublished government report insists Britons will have “enough calories” to survive Brexit disruption, but some fresh foods would quickly run out.
Brexit: A cultural morphology
The Foodbanks might get a tad busier then #Brexitshambles #clusterfuck
Win-win
I generally like watching your show but I am forced to admit that your obvious lack of objectivity on Brexit and, worse, your superficial knowledge of the subject makes me worry about other subjects on which you report where I am less well informed
New horizons in unicorn-sighting.
Tim Martin has recently made his biggest ever investment in his chain. The fact that he made it in Dublin is nothing to do with Brexit at all, I'm sure!!!!
Not to mention the unsupported or factually incorrect guff from pro-Brexit interviewees that Humphries lets pass without challenge
i never wanted to leave the EU i’m really hoping that this falls through and we get no brexit at all
Didn’t all those pensioners vote Brexit and ruin our lives? I thought the average remainder was an Owen jones type young ones type chap.
Brexit can still be blocked, PM May warns rebels as key vote looms
Top trolling from a minister who should be reminded who he serves and who pays his wages. Obvious and pathetic.
#Tory #Division's debut single - " #Brexit Will Tear Us Apart" available on all streaming platforms March 29th #lovewilltearusapart #Article50 #EuropeanUnion
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People #BitChute
If an Act of Parliament was needed to give PM permission to send A50 due to a #Brexit decision made then surely an Act of Parliament would’ve been needed for that decision &amp; without it everything is null thus PM can revoke A50 as procedural error &amp; Parliament can lawfully decide
So Paul, given that your party supports #Brexit - I assume you will be shrewd enough to join in the call for Scotland’s self-determination inside EU?
Tory Whip quits in order to vote against May's deal: writes letter to PM saying the backstop causes our country to "be fettered in our ability to negotiate trade deals" #LetsGoWTO
It's not the same question again, but a new question related to the previous.
A pregnant lawmaker has delayed the birth of her second child, against doctors' advice, in order to vote against UK Prime Minister Theresa May's beleaguered EU withdrawal deal on Tuesday.
Irrespective of the outcome on Brexit, neither side should see it as a cause for celebration. None of this entire situation can be considered ‘winning’ for all the division, ugliness &amp; hurt it’s caused since June 2016
I wonder how many MP’s are voting to save their neck in cabinet &amp; in their constituencies-retaining their power will always overrule what might be best for country.Our political system needs a complete overhaul &amp; 1 to make current 1 almost unrecognisable!
"1) No Food" is a great place to start.
May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
The Crime Minister.
You are an entitled &amp; spoilt little liar who makes his money by stoking up hatred &amp; misery. When Brexit happens can you just leave please? I'll buy you the flippin' boat. You can go and live up inside Angela Merkel's butt like you always dreamed.
A double bonus: if there’s no Brexit the Tory Party might not survive. Everyone’s a winner.
#AUDJPY INTRADAY GANN LEVELS #trading #bitcoin #forex #money #futures #gbpusd #eurusd #us30 #dax #Wti #gann #crypto #sp500 #NASDAQ #crudeoil #usdcad #markets #traders #Brexit
Britain plans more “global military leadership” post-Brexit, angering Russia #Brexit
Spot on, anything else is not Brexit.
Timing.
UK politicians failing UK-the exit campaign was built on lies and they can't make a course correction (so far): Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Labour MP's voting with this tory government, shocking
Surely he could have thought of a 3rd bullet point? Basic for all press releases
Theresa May threatened that there may be 'no Brexit' and everyone made the same point
Hate it when things like this happen accidentally on purpose.
BBCNEWS 7:11am BREXIT DEAL VOTE 7. Labour promise to table motion of no confidence in PNL I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: They will 'use...
Pure Commercialism by DFS, seeing as after Brexit Ikea won't be available !!
There is absolutely no way that this wasn't staged.
We never voted for deal with EU. And that wasn't in the leaflet Cameron printed to show us what brexit is. We voted out of EU.
I'd agree there are many who don't want a Corbyn government because they don't want to hand over their wealth in taxes, but FWIW I honestly don't think that JK Rowling is one of them. Her objection to him is over Brexit.
Buying from abroad: Will #Brexit affect #purchasing relationships with international #suppliers? By
Looks like the PM willing to not have #Brexit deal done at all if they don't back her on it. Bad idea May!
The pound will be worth that little after Brexit that something called Bitcoin may become a ‘thing’
Yes, but our competitors are larger now than before. If we want to matter we need to be larger. The non-uk dominance will be larger after Brexit, sadly. Federal it will be, but it is not so undemocratic. What would you change?
A 'perfect Brexit' isn't what's being asked for - all we want is a Brexit that delivers on the result of the referendum, that takes back control of our money, laws, borders and trade.
MPs hope to seize control of Brexit from Theresa May
it's not clear that the UK currently meets the Copenhagen criteria, and probably won't after Brexit tanks the economy and introduces the draconian laws being planned
She doesn't Cher these beliefs.
Nearly four in ten bosses in the South West say a second EU referendum would offer the best trading conditions for their business, according to the results of a survey released today (Monday) by . 8.5 percent backed a 'no deal' Brexit.
EU letter in full: What Brexit assurances did May get?: -
can anyone tell me please how my MP is voting on the Brexit deal she will not tell me iv been asking for weeks Member of Parliament for South Ribble,
this should have been your bullet point list when talking to that piss head Junker and Tusk, leave it with them and see what their offer is for the UK.
Big Vote tomorrow in the UK: Consensus is May's plans will not survive, "choke off the opportunity of Brexit" by retaining ties to the EU; Simple option "stay" or "go"..... Call me mad, but likely nothing happens and total waste of over TWO YEARS hypothesising.....
Might do a live brexit tracker stitch of the bookies odds for each potential brexit outcome
He’s talking about Rees-Mogg
Ignoring Brexit news has improved my quality of life.
My go. Corbyn began as a Leaver but was convinced that practicalities demanded remain and reform. That's what he campaigned for. He, like me, would be happy with a soft Brexit or Remain - but only so long as it can take the majority of the country with it. May's wasted 2 years.
Crikey, don't tempt them, Wigley! What sounds like dark humour to most of us probably sounds like a suggestion to anyone who still thinks Brexit is a good idea.
When the withdrawal agreement is rejected, it will be time for MPs to reassess their positions. With trust in politicians at an all time low, they should take this opportunity to restore faith and work together to deliver a full and clean Brexit.
Hi there Emma, The people of the U.K. voted out, we both stood on a manifesto to deliver Brexit and over 67% of people in Hull voted to leave the EU
Theresa may last year: brexit means brexit, there’s no way this won’t happen Theresa may today: lol jks
Think Mrs Siddiq is a definite future Prime Minister. Perhaps she'll run against Mr Johnson in the election after next?
Politicians are hellbent on not giving us what we voted for. The EU referendum is a classic example. The main issue Leavers had was immigration, now they are saying Brexit needs more immigration to support the UK industries and nhs, but all we get is immigrant scum and trash.
Haha, so don't use the Channel Tunnel on the 30th March basically, because it's due to cave in because of Brexit.
Fully agree ...you can feel the anger with politicians that are working to derail Brexit ...and then shackle UK to EU . Referendum voted to leave EU and institutions of EU ...and voters will take revenge at next election ....
Just what a Remain-voting PM always wanted: “no Brexit”. Redefines mistrust in politicians. She’s a disgrace to the country, to democracy and to the office she holds.
Oh, I really don't think we should just assume all will work out on the Irish border. If a no-deal Brexit occurs (which is looking likely), there are no permanent plans in place which will fix the Irish border problem. That can be quite dangerous.
Bears, Oh My! Build-A-Bear warns of bleak sales Brexit and European privacy law help knock stuffing out of American toy company
Epic self-own. Not nearly a majority for any form of Brexit. Any specific version would lose...heavily...to remain. So let’s ask the people about what’s ACTUALLY on the table rather than the bluster &amp; bullshit served up two years ago. Who could possibly object to more democracy?
That's OK then, Nadine says Boris is right then he must be.....this is what passes for political discourse in Brexit Britain. No wonder we are a laughing stock.
See how they split the Leave vote.
Well the theme could be "Brexit" - The Great British Brexit Tunnel?
My sample poll of Irish people in their 60s/70s at my grandmother’s birthday party (n=30) shows that Theresa May has lots of sympathy, Boris is an eejit, and ultimately Brexit will restart the troubles because smuggling will help fund the ‘Ra. Hm...
EU gets ready for Brexit postponement
Mel Stride is not widely known in Westminster as the absolute king of banter, and yet here he is walking out of 10 Downing Street, revealing briefing notes that read "1. No food." It's got to be for lols, hasn't it. Hasn't it?
A 'perfect Brexit' isn't what's being asked for - all we want is a Brexit that delivers on the result of the referendum, that takes back control of our money, laws, borders and trade.
Absolute simple truth of the situation!
What do these Tory politicians actually stand for? They’re fucking up the economy by pudding about with Brexit, not to mention the millions it has cost. Austerity is literally killing folk, the ‘middle’ are becoming disenfranchised. Wow! What an accolade to have!
Government betrayal on Brexit
Remain then
Bringing leaking a team sheet to a whole new perspective
It's not a matter of belief it's a matter of facts and evidence. Brexit is the delusion of elitist English nationalists that harms ordinary working people.
Nigel Dodds slams Theresa May's 'foolish talk' over life in north after no-deal Brexit
A bigger story than brexit. We Need you with us on the 22nd. Many thanks Ian
#StopBrexit Brexit plan: Political declaration and withdrawal agreement
If you commit a Crime you loose respect for your cause two wrongs don't make a right.French are better organised most Brits a Brain dead.
Nope. I am a party vice chairman but if you read my (very long) website article it's very much my own view
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for historic Brexit vote
More great news coming from the Tories. If only we could trust them...
Look it up again pref not from a far left source like the guardian and other media who have been caught taking money from the EU. Reg your point about wanting to work in the EU after Brexit, did you know you can’t work in US or Australia without a visa? It’s designed that
"A Brexit Lesson From the Cradle of Democracy:...." (via bloomberg)
But that’s no difference from your scaremongering about Armageddon re Brexit. Difference is, yours is theoretical whereas the rise of extremism is all around us right now. If you conspire to undermine the wishes of 17.4M voters, there will be consequences.
hypocrisy at the heart of ‘s speech !! Only to be expected she’ll say and do anything to get what she wants!! Add that to incompetent and in contempt!!
"Quiet bat people"
Quiet bat people
BREXIT: 'We have a Brexit shelf': readers prepping for the no deal scenario /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
How are people going to eat post brexit when prices rocket? My food bill is constantly going up. Madness.
Quiet bat people
In the event of a no deal Brexit, the Chunnel would be bricked up. Stands to reason. No food - should solve obesity crisis. After Brexit, no plastic folders.
I think Brexit has shown just how clueless and unqualified these MPs are and that all we saw before was a cleverly held aloft illusion
Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Beware of False Brexit Break-Outs
Bank governor: worst-case no-deal Brexit could cause house price crash
Right, what #Illustrators are going to head to Westminster tomorrow to sketch &amp; report from the counter #brexit protests during the vote? No better time or place to give it a try.
Prove it. You’re in favour of 2nd referendums: let’s have one. “'Much bigger!' Farage predicts Leave to win by GREATER margin in second Brexit referendum - Express
as confusing as it may look, this image from is actually quite #helpful in understanding the current chaos around #Brexit - thanx! (personally I would put the #PeoplesVote as the desired outcome in violet ... but, hey...)
This is completely avoidable. Parliament needs to address this and allow proxy votes for medical and baby related absences.
#Brexit will make Britain poorer #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Mel Stride Financial sec to treasury paymaster gen leaving this afternoons brexit cabinet meeting showing homage to shifty operators !!!!
Is anyone who doesn't want Brexit one of the elite and part of the establishment!
Public Service Announcement - Your Government thinks you are stupid.
december 2018: brexit january 2019:
Amber Rudd refuses to rule out resigning if government pursues no-deal Brexit - The Independent
In probable answer to the fundamental question you ask in perhaps the #EU offers them all fancy influential jobs in return for ruining their careers in their home countries?
The extent to which most people are worrying about minimal passport charges arising from Brexit just goes to show just how many people have no comprehension of just how screwed they are going to be.
Too obvious??
Predictions on Theresa May's Brexit deal vote? #BrexitVote
This is what lies behind my depressed mood in relation to Brexit. It will surely dominate political and real life for the rest of my life.
The referendum asked: "Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?" Nowhere was the word "deal" involved and 52% still voted in favor of leaving. Saying this is zealotry is insulting to democracy.
Ok this what all the people who votes remain have said. What was I conned about? The nhs I presume you are talking about, I didn’t vote for brexit for that reason. But we all had our reasons why we either wanted to stay or leave
Beat those Brexit Blues and listen to 'Passing Clouds' by Bernard Koch!
Forget speeches, I think all policy announcements should come via staged photos of notes carried by ministers
you need to give the people the final say on this brexit nonsense. You have tried really hard but you have failed to come up with a deal that is beneficial for the British people. Give us the final say with another referendum please.
My #Brexit theme tune
Stick that on a fucking bus.
Theresa May Has Never Been Able To Say Brexit Will Be Bad: James O'Brien: via
Honestly ... who is going to fall for this? Almost as bad as the “fake” news trolls. Yes, do let’s try and trick the voting public as they are inherently stupid ... or NOT! #Brexit
We have nothing to fear but May &amp; Co.
Let’s start new trading week. Pay attention to Brexit vote tomorrow. In this case I will trade in short time frame. Have a good trading. $GBPUSD $EURGBP
Current Affairs - Has Brexit finally defeated Theresa May? via #Brexit #TheresaMay #NoDealBrexit #EU
EU 'is prepared to delay Brexit until at least July' via REMAINER MAY COCKAHOOP STRATEGY WORKING
The Secretary of State for leaving eu was giving a long address to HOC last week ... peppered with 'and of course we will do that with the NIA'. Noted also House of Lords on 9 Jan also muted urgent need of NIA following Brexit. Just wonder how long b4 parties sit together again.
Ooh yikes. Also, I have a month's stockpile that cost about £70, so this person is obviously pretty shit at rationing.
there was a plan. one of the talking points of the referendum was that it wasn’t a very good plan. with brexit, there was no plan, because the referendum wasn’t supposed to be lost.
There are other ways of avoiding a no deal Brexit happening apart from acting in this traitorous way and voting for May’s deal. Vote it down like every other decent Labour MP will be.
Heard a guy on the radio today saying that he’d ‘leave Britain’ if #Brexit wasn’t delivered!! I have to say, that level of stupidity is actually quite impressive....
Absolutely outrageous that an MP feels she has to delay her Caesarean because the government has broken pairing agreements in the past.
Construction output rises despite Brexit uncertainty
The elephant in #JeremyCorbyn's room (#brexit )
Similar murder happened in England in the run-up of the Brexit referendum - Jo Cox was also stabbed to death in West Yorkshire in June 2016.
This is actual Thick of It. We’re beyond parody now.
Boring
PM absolutely right – some are sadly hoping to delay or stop #Brexit rather than respect the referendum and implement the result. Faith in democracy in Britain would be shattered if that does not happen. Hope colleagues in Parliament will see that in next couple of days
Also still relevant
The Coatings Industry strongly opposes a no deal Brexit. Our CEO discussed the impacts on on Monday morning, check it out at 34.5 mins. The BCF are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
Fab ! A very warm welcome.
Well, it's not only a Brit problem, that kind of people or attitude exist everywhere.. maybe a bit more in former empires/ powerful nations.. as among us (Spain) 2 I think young &amp; middle class Brits will blow that overrepresented part of old guys out of power after Brexit ..
Bluddy hell!
Warnock getting lambasted for his own views on brexit ... it’s his own opinion what’s wrong with that ??
A pessimistic MP on the Brexit divisions in Parly: “It’s impossible to see how we get out of this... it’s a disaster”
I've just helped to expose the dark money driving us towards a hard Brexit. Have you? Please contribute to today:
BREAKING: May announces she will honour Brexit by retaining exact same benefits of everything while also leaving everything and... Oh. No. She thinks "honouring the result" means "doing something completely different to what was promised".
mask beginning to slip. is led by a globalist that will stop at nothing for her #EU controllers, in pursuit of the United States of Europe. #DissolveTheUnion #Indyref #indyref2 #indyref2 #SNPCivilWar2 #activesnp #snp #leave #brexit #eu #leavemeansleave
BBCNEWS 7:12am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: Allowing no deal would be 'height of recklessness; BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: No Brexit would do...
Sad thing is, she along with her Tory MPs rejected Welsh devolution, so why’d she make that claim, the woman has lost the plot #TheresaMay What else is she forgetting/twisting to suit? PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved
That's what they are counting on,what we must do is vote for a party or candidate who truly backs Brexit and all leave supporters must vote for them regardless of party loyalty though how anyone can be loyal to the three main part6is beyond me
Hermes sets up Dublin office in Brexit planning
Diversity figures, fraud rates and Brexit: 5 killer stats to start your week #marketing
Can’t be right , Brexit would be dead easy they told us
Liverpool is my city. And if you think the ports problem was the EU then your on the same planet as some of the muppets who are talking tripe on Brexit today- Johnson, Fox &amp; McVey
. is one of those people who can't seem to do anything without cocking it up somehow.
Yes a postive, optimistic, alternative vision where we REMAIN in the EU.
So sad that she feels she has to do this. Hope all goes well for her. A brave woman.
BREXIT - 2ND REFERENDUM CHOICE - TAXPAYERS PAY FOR - (a) - WESTMINSTER (b) - BRUSSELS If Westminster LOSE it is closed down - If Brussels LOSE they forfeit control over United Kingdom
I can imagine life without the channel tunnel - although I would rather keep it. Life with 'no food' on the otherhand....
Gosh some expert trolling by the Treasury there. Should have played We Are Number One as he walked through the bloody door.
No, I am agreeing that Leavers voted to achieve one or more of the three key planks of the Brexit argument - control of money, law &amp; borders. It not for you to decide if they were being rational or virtuous - it is entirely up to them.
Didn't the other political classes break electoral law to achieve Brexit?
And those extremist forces already had the door opened by the EU referendum / Brexit
brexit
This has already been established, contrary to regular reports otherwise:
Which, in turn, is a nice analogy for no-deal Brexit in general. The "it'll basically be fine" brigade on both sides of the argument are way off.
Well done Tulip!
Ask the #Brexit expert: provides his advice for businesses on recruiting high skilled EU workers. For FREE expert advice and guidance don't forget to join us for our next Brexit Clinic: 23rd Jan | 8:30am-11:00am #GBCCBrexit
Ha ha - must be trolling everyone (I hope)
Off to Google 'neil hannon brexit'
As a Rother valley resident I find this reprehensible behaviour. May’s deal does not deliver Brexit. It ties us into an indefinite backstop which the EU will never let us leave. If you vote for this deal, you will not be an MP after the next election.
This 15 min. video also talks about Trump election similarities.
The #Theresamay deal is complete capitulation to the unelected EU and will be the final nail in the coffin of self governance in the UK
citizens against the British death squads. To this end we will not allow a border to coral the fodder &amp; marauding death squads to be built. Could you please make this clear to our superior 1st tier countrymen and maybe organise a Brexit style preparedness roadshow to get ready.
Purely by accident of course!
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line via
The road block to #Democracy is the #ProjectFear of millionaire ideologues immune to the economic/social disaster of a #NoDeal #Brexit Signs are MPs are taking up post Call it a 'plot' if you like, they are just doing their job of acting in the interests of ALL their constituents
Brexit is the wrong solution, for the wrong problem. Makes all the issues you highlighted *worse*.
Wales, Brexit There's also a realistic expectation that food prices will rise by 20% Either way govt prepares for civil unrest. Someone needs to take back control of government.
British PM Theresa May makes last-ditch appeal to save Brexit deal
Juncker up front with Corbyn as sweeper?
So the example of two lazy single mothers, Who are work shy is the example of all brexit voters? Its the same as saying,all constituencies that voted Leave are racists?
Theresa May Warns ‘No Brexit’ Is More Likely than ‘No Deal’ via
gives his prediction for tomorrow’s #BrexitVote. Let’s see tomorrow if our man is right.
[controversial] MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins | Opinion | The Guardian
U say Ireland must hold its nerve over Brexit. As far as I'm concerned you're daft Irish men &amp;women.
Same bus ride.... just over heard two school kids talking about a 'new' video they found. It was the Crazy Frog. He's back! First Brexit now this.
Did he shout stop Brexit as well?
I'm really looking forward to hearing speak to the research seminar this Weds on the topic of #Brexit, immigration and diversity
ower ilka last soft Unionist throu making clear that WM forby Labour wilna turn frae Brexit nor wark wi SNP for the guid of Scots an Inglis/welsh* alike: tae mak it fu clear thare is nocht but iAlba i Eòrpa
Remember this buffoon was happy with #NoDeal back in the beginning. No he's seen the numbers being on the inside of the government, he's coming out with this. Disgrace. Fox and many other Brexiteers sold Britain a lie #StopBrexit #FBPE
This is the Brexit I voted for on the 23rd of June '16!!!
May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People #BitChute
Huh. Hey, guys... I'm beginning to think that maybe the Tory party are the problem after all.
Jeremy, you're a nice guy and all that, but its not true, remember you are in the Bias anti Brexit anti Trump pro remain camp.we voted leave and want leave without a deal. stop talking for us, the truth is more would vote leave if we had another vote.
I need to understand what’s happening with brexit
Jakub - Thanks very much for posting this. Very helpful. Can I clarify? Will the card have the word 'Brexit' on, the specimen doesn't show this?
BREAKING: Theresa May warns: “Parliament paralysis more likely to lead to no Brexit rather than no Deal”
Ignoring serious issues like poverty, families using food banks, our impending plunge into the Brexit-abysss, soaring homelessness which means people are literally freezing to death and increase mental health related suicides - I’ll sleep easier knowing this hom likes his hair.
Oh dear, now everyone's getting the Millennium Bug again.
"please don't take a photo of this big note I took that is sticking out of the top of my papers, I definitely don't want you to take a photo of it...you definitely haven't taken that photo now, right? good"
I bet you can't wait to get involved, you're nothing but a trouble maker. Brexit is dead.
How do we know the shutdown is not a part of deliberate strategy? The FBI are not getting paid. Revenge? It leaves the US weak at the same time that the EU is at its weakest (Brexit). Prelude to invasion of Ukraine? It gives Trump an excuse for an emergency. Thwart Mueller?
And I do agree there are much more important things to be worrying about. Brexit. Just putting my point forward.
What absolute tripe you tweet.
I’m going to raise a Point of Order about this at 3.30 today. should not have to delay caesarian &amp; she should not lose her ability to participate in tomorrow’s historic #BrexitVote! #proxyvoting #babyleave
Riding on the Brexit Gloom Bus I assume.
official Numskull Brexit merchandise!!!!!!! featuring a wallet that devalues your currency in realtimeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Similar murder happened in England in the run-up to the Brexit referendum - MP Jo Cox was also stabbed to death in West Yorkshire in June 2016.
Thank you for standing up for Brexit
Brexit means pioneered
Izzy Wizzy, let's get busy.....
I really think this Brexit is brilliant but not covered enough on Twitter and in the Media I really like I t when there is nothing else to discuss on this forum and when you switch on any news or current affairs show I hope it doesn’t end anytime soon Sir Nobby Plank, Broadmoor
The horrifying post-Brexit world that awaits us.
Mark my words: UKIP, or their successor, in the event that brexit happens will soon start calling for the reintroduction of the death penalty.
I would Pay to Watch James Cleverly And Nadhim Zahawi Discussing Brexit
Hold on. The whole point is to reduce the barriers to trade. I'm not sure you get Brexit. Any potential EU deficit (which I can't envisage in any circumstance), will be made up elsewhere and cheaper. Why on earth not?
Is it when the jobs go first?
BBC News - The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
Keep going You will need to stand for MEP Elections soon ?! Thank you for ALL you are doing to #burybrexit
Neil Warnock’s Brexit views ‘do not reflect Cardiff City position’
carrying a big folder up and down Downing Street with 'secret brexit plan' hoping someone takes my photo
Fully automated luxury Brexit
Please Share and email your MP: Tomorrow Theresa May will bring her Brexit plan to Parliament, and if it goes through, Brexit's a done deal. But we're on the cusp of an amazing victory that...
Lots of people chuckling about Whip tasked with getting May's deal through resigning. But it's not exactly principled to know you are hugely opposed to something (see his letter) but to hang on just to resign at the most damaging point. Pathetic really.
How a Potential 'No Deal' #Brexit Would Affect
The UK is divided into entrenched Leave/Remain positions. That's precisely what can be overcome with a new ref. The hardcore of Leave voters remain convinced that there will be a Brexit dividend &amp; Brexit will be great. Those lies won't wash in a new, fact based, national debate.
So Neil Warnock is hard brexit eh? In other news, water is wet.
okay I’m getting rlly anxious now my mums talking ab ppl who are stockpiling for brexit
Please sign and share
Come on #FBPE. Let's get this poll going.
True...#JC4PM
#earningsseason is here. Top things that may affect the #StockMarket but doesn’t need to affect your portfolio profits this week. -China/US weak trade -US Gov’t shutdown continues -Brexit talks and actions big week -Bank earnings season kicks off
Liam Fox won't be one of those suffering the consequences of his favoured cliff-edge Brexit.
This - on the dangers of not being able to think statistically or understand data in public life. Decision makers should all be able to understand these concepts, not outsource understanding to data nerds.
"No Channel Tunnel". What, are they expecting the EU to blow it up if we leave without a deal?!
I don't agree with you on the potential benefits of Brexit (don't see any to be honest) but I also feel very uneasy about how this debate and negotiation has been conducted. It is not going to end well
MPs unveil plan to seize control of Brexit process from Theresa May if her deal is defeated
They're all fleeing - Brexit is coming to town! :D
Not in the family portrait: BME voters and Brexit – Part 2 #Brexit #MDClassics
Do all European Union countries have their portmanteaus ready if they leave the union? #Brexit Austria Auxit Belgium Belxit Bulgaria Bulxit Croatia Croexit Cyprus Cyprexit Czechia Czechxit Denmark Denmexit? &amp;t &amp;t
The £300 "Brexit box" contains 30 days' worth of freeze-dried food. Something tells me these people haven't been following your adventures with affordable, tinned food closely enough...
So we're not going to win any popularity contests the day before the #Brexit vote, but please make sure that you watch what's happening with #Article13. It's almost finished and will change the internet as we know it
My MP is Ken Clarke. I’ve never voted for him but I currently love him. Brexit is more than just parties!
Indeed London is certainly not big enough to feel the heat! #Brexit impact on #FSI #banking sector.
Maybe Dominic Grieve would have voted for a Lancaster House type brexit lol. Either that or he was lying to his constituency.
STEPHEN GLOVER on the insidious Remainer coup that must be smashed : STEPHEN GLOVER: If Theresa… #Brexit #Politics
Preparing for the worst: Britons stockpile food in case Brexit causes shortages | CBC News Risk of ‘no-deal’ EU departure fuels fears of import delays and duties on foreign goods. #StopBrexit
ROSS CLARK: Alternatives to May's Brexit deal will all end in disaster: ROSS CLARK examines why… #Brexit #Politics
What about the United Kingdom maintaining a colony inside the European Union? Anything to declare? Will the #EU let the #UK leave a colony within its territory after #BRExit? #Gibraltar #DecolonizeEurope #Resolution1514 #Resolution2353 #Resolution2429
Headmaster quits after making controversial Brexit comments to pupils: Dr Richard Steward… #Brexit #Politics
Remainiacs - The Brexit Podcast REMAINIACS is a no flim flam Brexit podc... #Remainiacs #TheBrexitPodcast
Cardiff distance themselves from manager Neil Warnock's pro-Brexit rant: Cardiff have distanced… #Brexit #Politics
If we had a second referendum, what would you vote? Please retweet for large sample. #brexit #PeoplesVote
'He could sort out Brexit': Fans in awe of Andy Murray’s display at Australian Open: Andy Murray… #Brexit #Politics
, I know times may be hard at the moment, but as I said to keep your head high. If you can't get your deal through it is fine I won't blame you for the fall of our once great nation..... #MaysBrexit #Brexit
Absolutely!........
I heard he shouted stop Brexit immediately after
Tulip Siddiq to delay BIRTH of her child to take part in Brexit vote: Tulip Siddiq - a leading… #Brexit #Politics
Fears for supply chains as deadline looms for post-no-deal Brexit haulage permits #logistics #freight #brexit
Labour Brexit splits deepen as MP comes out to back May's Brexit deal: Jeremy Corbyn's party has… #Brexit #Politics
They never DID Dan - that’s the whole point. Took me 35 years to understand this. School in France, travel all over the Continent. Only saw the light in 2015
As the #Brexit machine cranks up again after a Christmas lull, I am reminded of our CIO's article on the 5 likely scenarios. Written in October but still valid!
TO FREEDOM!!
No Deal = Damage to Country No Brexit = Damage to Conservatives Have I got that right? So the major concern is retention of power? Honesty at last?
Drug firms preparing for no-deal Brexit told to sign ‘gagging orders’ Pl sign ’s petition asking Govt to release info on which medicines they stockpiling in case of a no deal Brexit #StockpileMedicine
You can fool some of the people some of the time. You can fool all of the people some of the time. But you cannot fool all of the people all of the time.
Every single problem regarding #Brexit has been CREATED by the #remainers in office for the sole purpose of BETRAYING a democratic vote. Using their main weapon the #msm . Shame on all of you . Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve
Only an unemployed Village Idiot would think that a very expensive members club would offer the same deal to non members. What would the point of being a member? This is just watch with mother politics #DENSA #snakeoil #brexit
Well at least there'll be one manufacturing industry that will do well out of Brexit.
“If investors think concerns about Brexit are overdone, the £1.4bn Standard Life fund, managed by Tom Moore, has a 4.5% dividend yield and looks well-suited, having historically done well in rising markets..."
ICYMI: Theresa May says there are "some in Westminster who would wish to delay or even stop Brexit"
Nice one, Brexit
DON'T MISS! The threat of a Brexit coup in Parliament is real – and terrifying writes
We are being trolled
#FBPE Congratulations Steve My take on protesters outside the HoC prior to May’s announcement to Parliament on her Brexit deal to be voted on tomorrow, overwhelming majority to stay. Can you spot Steve Bray amidst his amazing crowd? #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE #WATON
New rule: if it is about Trump or Brexit, it is not "Breaking News" until something actually happens.
There's rationing Then there's M&amp;S Luxury Brexit rationing
BBCNEWS 7:13am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: Allowing no deal would be 'heighl of recklessness;
Clean BREXIT!
House prices still likely to grow after Brexit new figures suggest – as December sees surprise surge
Look at this shit from HMG The politicians treat the public with total contempt
Today, so far, in the Brexit debate: Fox; Brexit will be better than an event where 3500 Brits died (Dunkirk). Johnson; “I know more about cars than CEO of Jaguar Land Rover". How do these people still get airtime and lines in the papers?
It's almost like there are no winners in a trade war or something.
Stay in your lane.
Apropos my last tweet: MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal | Simon Jenkins
Does ANYONE know what an Independent Great Britain will look like? The UK is a FANTASTIC Country that has given so much to the World, it will EASILY cope with #Brexit really do dumb down Wonderful people...
Tory whip Gareth Johnson quits so he can vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Ha no :) I’m British living in Britain + devastated by brexit. I’ve lived + worked in 2 EU countries, have EU friends who live here, siblings living in EU countries + half-French/Brit nieces in France. I’m incredibly sad for my children growing up in a (possibly!) non EU UK.
Super Brexit in one's Cornflakes
Piss on the EU. Brexit is reality. Just leave already.
The British government faces near-certain defeat on its deal to leave the EU, as Brexit tests the U.K.’s unwritten constitution via
Absolutely! You forgot to add treating us as imbeciles!
This should be thoroughly investigated!
The latest The infonews Daily! #brexit #nopantssubwayrideday
Blimey the Government's new Brexit-themed Nina Simone cover looks a bit bleak.
If you bought a #brexitbox, you should definitely buy our #brexitkidsbook. Guaranteed to keep kids smiling at least for as long as the food lasts! #Brexit. #BritishSurvivalTips should definitely be a thing Twitter!
has become a TV campaigner for a #peoplesvote and has let some dreadful and irrational nonsense go unchallenged. #brexit #leave #wato
3. WISH I'D BROUGHT THE SHARPIE TO THE MEETING HOPE YOU CAN STILL READ THIS K TNX BYE
Wokingham votes to stay in EU in shoppers’ Brexit poll cc
This is a very good thread, showing the virtues and massive advantages of our membership for a very modest price #PeoplesVote #WeDeserveBetter #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit
Q: Did I just send my anti-brexit DD/lg erotica / Conservative manifesto cut-up prose piece to a magazine for publication consideration? A: Yes.
Spot on!
The Tory’s forgot Northern Ireland existed until they needed bailing by the DUP which the totally unrepresentative of What NI thinks of Brexit.
The threat of a Brexit coup in Parliament is real – and terrifying "Only to MPs as what follows such an abrogation of democracy wont be pleasant."
The ex-colonialists can’t think beyond London - so anything based there is regarded as ‘plum’ when in fact, with Brexit tearing Britain apart and the political and ethnic uncertainty, it’s a hardship posting!
Children will be eaten in the uk due to food shortages after brexit. #photography #streetphotography #leicaimages #eyeshotmag #ourstreets_ #canpubphoto #brexit #projectfear
Hermes swipes from Fidelity and pension fund for Brexit: Another manager looks to set up an office in Dublin before March #Brexit #Fundnews #Latestnews #Hermes
Here we goooo
The most liked thing I've ever said on Twitter was a reply to: #Brexit means #Boxset
If Brexit fails it opens the door to a bigger and more lengthy dialogue between the EU, British government and the people of Britain about the UK’s status. I’d rather have that to be honest.
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
She has no clue how to deal or negotiate. Stupid woman!
Brexit vote taking centre stage: Our Chief Market Strategist, Mike Ingram, speaks to Asset TV about what will be moving markets this week
LIVE: Tory frontbencher quits over 'detrimental' Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote
Wow. Imagine that. Willingly walking from being a prosperous, wealthy member of the EU to a situation described as “survivable”. #StopBrexit can’t come soon enough.
The support of someone like y'self lifts the spirits of those of us trying to fight the barbarians. However, cedit where credit is due, and thanks to "submarine" Theresa for tipping off us Remainers that a vote against her deal opens the way to "no Brexit". Note, all sane MPs.
there s a woman who cares about future generations, I commend this woman, she is a crecdit to our party providing her health and the health of her baby is not at risk.. well done hope you don.t go into labour before the vote however... we and salute you.
I believe TM’s deal will eventually go thru. Whatever form of Brexit emerges eventually as favoured by a majority of Parliament, however small, they’ll first have to come back and sign the agreement. I believe no deal is now off the table and doubt majority for GE or PV exists
No woman no cry
Then please do not back the racism inherent in this #brexit. #RevokeA50
This is the real question people should asking.
3) No Loo Roll 4) No Hope
BCF CEO discussed the concerns of our industry in regards to a no deal Brexit on the program ‘wake up to money’ on Monday morning. (34.5 minutes) The BCF would be happy to discuss further with relevant media.
Douglas Murray
I blame Brexit, austerity and the Windrush scandal.
Yet another lie from . She voted against honouring the Welsh referendum result. We cannot trust a word she says. #BritainCanDoBetter #BrexitChaos
Sunderland Echo poll shows 70 per cent say Brexit should go ahead even without a deal with EU
Actually "no deal" is good!
I do. Apart from on his vague and muddled thinking on Brexit.
The word 'Brexit' will feature in the 'Remarks' section on the back of the document - the specimen has 'naukowiec' there
Brexit plan: Political declaration and withdrawal agreement | Theresa May's Brexit deal comes in two parts – one is short, the other is a hefty document which is legally binding and... |
The latest noaspa news! #brexit #tofu
Risible to claim you have a mandate when you bin your manifesto commitments the moment you are returned to Parliament. Once again we have safe seat rotten boroughs with rotten MPs. The shoddy behaviour of MPs always brings about reform in favour of the people. #StandUp4Brexit
“It’s difficult to predict what will happen
We’d rather have no Brexit at all.
WaPo and its fake dreck is as dumb as it looks and reads. "Zealots." So like if one doesn't BELIEVE WaPo group-think, one is a "zealot." #WaPoIsPinocchio
#Brexit #Guardian #Democracy #Channel4News #SkyNews #BBCWorld #BBCPolitics #LBC Shelagh Fogarty . , You and others have claimed that if we remain within the #EU then we can change from inside. As you keep saying, most people do not understand how the #EU works.
Quiet Batpeople meets Brexit
Brexit is not about economics
It's not unsympathetic to the Labour party ideas about a more ambitious approach to regional infrastructure spending. The big constraint in all this - what shape is UK economy in after Brexit? How much money is there to go round?
I find myself constantly liking your tweets. Brexit changed everything.
You fought GE2017 on a pledge to leave the EU. I run a business and know that leaving with no deal isn't a problem. Tell me why I'm wrong. #Brexit
Stop Brexit and we will have a civil war. Also the EU is declining, its heading to 10% global market share. If people like Caroline cannot understand global economics and the fact exports outside the EU grew 3 x that f EU exports WE ARE IN BIG F******* TROUBLE!
One or two is just careless...
Resorting to profanity and name calling uncovers the depth of your arguments. Let's read today: weapons buy back in Benghazi, Brexit in Britain, Yellow Vests in France, attacks in Poland. Oh, wait. I'm busy. Let's just go for National Enquirer and Bozo. Twitter is entertainment.
Insulting to the bulk of the S.N.P's support who are ex-labour voters. A highly stupid and one-eyed take from the Jeremy Brexit Party.
Idk bout y'all but this is just insane??
Diversity figures, fraud rates and Brexit: 5 killer stats to start your week #marketingnews
Brexit: What if i told you that the govt never wanted to leave the EU and are doing everything in their power to make brexit a nightmare so the people will naturally reject it. #LeaveMeansLeave #PeoplesVote #brexit
Couldn’t be more deliberate if they tried
What will tomorrow bring ? Who knows. Remember No deal is better than a bad deal #Brexit
Without having read the article, this sounds like a very good idea. Obviously I’m biased, but changing the default from “no deal” to “no Brexit” seems eminently sensible.
Comment from but silence from &amp; UK MSM in general as they work to deceive British public over Brexit without the exit - that is UK forces to remain under EU Military Unification. Key French German treaty to be signed &amp; ratified 22Jan19 and public told NOTHING.
Don't worry, Gov insists we'll all have enough calories to survive... Boiling shoe leather works, right?
Some really top brains being unleashed I see - I mean has today proved just how singularly ignorant she is and the pub guy (you know bad food, underpaid staff) talks utter twaddle.
As has been pointed out to you fucking people 17 billion times, the best trade deal is the EU deal we’re in. Also it’s spelt YOU’RE, as in YOU ARE deluded. I hope you have a few £million spare to protect yourselves from the Brexit fallout.
Clearly Dominic Grieve thinks his view is worth more than the view of 17.5m Leave voters. Does he think he can walk on water too? He is obviously going to allow the subversion of democracy. #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
if you want to save your Brexit Deal I suggest you call in
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal: UK attorney general
I'm afraid that, for other reasons around the issues of disabled people and benefits, I have little time for you. I have to agree with you, however, on issues around #brexit and applaud your comments on it. Believe me, though - that was hard for me to say, given your history.
Brexit "Ignorance and incompetence in equal measure" BBC News - Theresa May's 'hypocritical' assembly remark dropped from speech
The EU sounds fantastic...if your hobbies include shooting, rape.... #Brexit
Best you swing behind a short, sharp WTO Brexit then. Instantly implements the Leave result. Allowing a clean negotiating position for any future relationship.... #Cowards
Izzy Wizzy let's get busy....
May can blow it out her a*s.
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Diversity figures, fraud rates and Brexit: 5 killer stats to start your week
Problem was UKIP support in 2015 was so widespread, instead of high concentrations in individual constituencies. Now they are finished and rightly so after the Bolton election debacle, but #DVP have risen to provide real reform. Real #Brexit with #DirectDemocracy for afters. Yum.
Voting to remain is no guarantee of what you will end up with either. Also, there is no such thing as hard or soft Brexit. That is remainers talk. Just Brexit Wise up. Leave won. Move on.
it was raised early december in parliment....not sure of date but it is fact im looking for the clip where it was brought up im PMQ's
So #JLR cut 4000 jobs in the UK and open up a new factory in Slovakia! And they wonder why we want to leave the #EU. What benefit is it to the UK to have its brand made and sold through the EU. #Brexit
Diversity figures, fraud rates and Brexit: 5 killer stats to start your week
Brexit plan: Political declaration and withdrawal agreement
Brexit Update : sod off. Go away. Isn't it over with yet?
Does he take us all for fools or is it him that’s the fool?
Made me smile.
It’s the politicians fault we’re in this mess in the first place, a shambles entirely of their own making. It’s about time they own up to it. An overly simplistic vote on a hugely complicated matter, campaigned for by complete charlatans who are absolving themselves of all blame
Option 1: This isn't deliberate and is genuinely a minister's notes on a meeting. Option 2: This is deliberate and the minister / the government think this kind of thing is smart politics. Whichever it is, it doesn't fill you with confidence.
Law? Democracy means voting &amp; checking whether your choice gives you what they promised. Have you got great deals? Have prices not gone up and growth not gone down? Jobs &amp; businesses lost? Democracy carries on giving you choices: #Brexit is a mess. We now vote again and #StayinEU
I think many of his constituents in Central Devon would prefer him to #StopBrexit
Here's the bottom line: I've now posted over 160 fully sourced examples of things Brexit is already doing to the UK. Real-life consequences, not project fear nonsense. But most companies aren't in the public eye, and they don't execute their plans in the glare of the media.
High Street corporates who openly back People's Vote? Starbucks, Superdry, others #Brexit?
For country’s sake, back Brexit deal, Theresa May begs MPs via
their supply chains. The family that has decided to return to their EU27 country because they're too anxious about the post-Brexit climate. The hospital that has been forced to cut services and lengthen the gap between appointments because the recruitment crunch bites deeper.
She’s toast. Indy is toast. Her govt has failed in every dept. Since Brexit she’s disrupted &amp; sabotaged at every turn. Now, in a massive week for the UK, the First Minister is engaged in arse-covering over her role in a seedy sex scandal. We deserve better. #SturgeonMustGo
million cuts. Brexit inflicts both, and we will be ever poorer and more diminished by it. Below, and in the following tweet, you will find the start of two threads documenting the "big" stuff, the obvious consequences of Brexit. Absorb it, let it sink in.
The non Unionist parties want us 2 recognise the GFA yet they won't accept the result of the Brexit referendum.
Obvious Theresa May's Brexit 'strategy' will fail. She's a deluded #Klingon HOW TF can she accuse others of "frustrating progress" when she, herself, pulled #WithdrawlAgreement vote &amp; delayed debate for weeks?! Latest speech in #Stoke was same old tosh
The anger should be directed against those who cruelly misled the people who had most to lose from Brexit.
Hard Brexit it is.
Good stop Brexit and save the country
UK #advertising market faces #recession under no-deal #Brexit
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Brexit endgame: What you need to know
What absolute bollocks. Democracy is harmed more by corrupt, amoral, lying, expense-fiddling politicans than it is allowing the public to decide their future once the true cost of a decision is known.
I'm afraid I cannot tear myself away from the conviction that leavers in the HoC have ulterior motives. If that is so, you're going to lose your bet. for there will be a considerable number of MPs (whose names spring so readily to the mind) desperate for any brexit. At any price,
what the... !!!???
No Brexit, No more government.
Brexit is shit.
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Question to woman in red ... if there was another vote on Brexit today January 14th 2019 what would be the result?
:This is it! Parliament will decide Britain’s future in the next few days. Let your MP know now you want them to #VoteDownBrexit and trigger a #peoplesvote. #Brexit
Brexit means brexit
3. No woman 4. No cry
Oh like #IntegrityInitiative? #snp #brexit #leave #indyref2 #indyref2 #indyref #uk #ukgov #YellowVestsUK #leavmeansleave
Survey was run by Survation (they called the Referendum correctly) for the Daily Mail (a pro Leave newspaper), with methodology published. I never realised aspiring to wealth and influence was wrong. Now I know Brexit is about being poor and uninfluential.
Dude I've seriously started to doubt if Brexit will even happen.
I see you're as well informed about femi as you are about the outcome of brexit. In other words, not at all.
This makes me so angry. This is what the Tories have done to our democracy - an MP would rather put her health and that of her unborn child at risk because the Tories can no longer be trusted to honour pairing.
I thought he was building a wall across the Atlantic to stop migrants post BREXIT. Or have I misunderstood something?
No brexit.
And neither does supporting Brexit. And why the hell isn't he supporting Proportional Representation yet.
I feel that Brexit is a waste of time. Thoughts?
#AgricultureNews - Post-Brexit Agriculture Bill will not provide “long-term food security” says farming network chairman
Fake news Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
Britons still welcome in Austria after Brexit: foreign minister
Man who served as #Brexit Secretary and didn't realise the importance of Dover says "don't be alarmed". We should be fucking terrified.
Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns, saying the backstop in Mrs May's agreement "gives our country no clear, unilateral path out of the European Union and ensures we will be fettered in our ability to negotiate trade deals". And he's the WHIP ? Jeepers !
As Brexit Vote Looms, Britain Stands Divided and Angry via
Brexit information – dwell: Theresa Could urges MPs to again her deal in last-ditch speech after EU reassurances over Irish backstop
Brexit: Gareth Johnson’s resignation as a Government WHIP seriously damaging to May: he will know she is going to lose. Given the chaos in Government and Parliament, the case for grows ever stronger
Lithuania see opportunities for agriculture in blockchain and Brexit – IEG Policy
is excellent on Trump &amp; doesn't avoid criticism. It is hopeless in calling out lies and propaganda on Brexit, which is a shame because the BBC has become an arm of the Brexit Govt. Brexit was won through corruption, much of which in common w Trump, &amp; illegalities
BBCNEWS 7:14am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: Allowing no deal would be 'heighl of recklessness; BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: No-deal Bvexit would...
Theresa May delivers warning ahead of Brexit vote
#projectunicorn, meet #projectdenial #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50 #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The Tufton Street cabal strikes again.......
#StopBrexit Brexit plan: Political declaration and withdrawal agreement
I hope someone is saying this out loud in Westminster?
Factory Theresa May chose for big Brexit speech received £400,000 EU grant
What's happening with the #Brexit deal? German politicians react ahead of the Brexit vote: "May must finally stop gambling and take the hard Brexit that no one wants off the agenda." Find out more:
I had a women in Hub this morning voted No in 2014 mainly over EU citizenship. She said she cannot wait for #indyref2 so she can vote Yes. #Brexit
You don’t know the meaning of the word honour
Fears for supply chains as deadline looms for post-no-deal Brexit haulage permits #logistics #freight #brexit
We've got loads of great speakers coming up - also really looking forward to talking to us about racial and gender resentment and support for #Brexit, coming up in March
Some extremely wealthy people are hoping to make a killing with the pound crashing post brexit. That's why they back and support it. A democracy based on a gerrymandered Referendum is better off dead.
Other than poll after poll saying people have changed their minds, and leave voter after leave voter saying the Brexit on offer isn't what they voted for and they want a say? Why, if you believe minds haven't changed, are you afraid of putting it to the test?
So tell me how does calling a GE stop exiting the EU on 29th of March if Parliament has been dissolved and no one has officially stopped Brexit? We have exited without anyone noticing.
He's definitely going to run then. Should have just denied it otherwise. The arrogance of the man, failed as brexit secretary...thinks he should get a promotion.
200 million tweets sent about Brexit via &gt; 200m plus 1 #brexit
Ah... No surprises really. Doesn't really have much likeable about him. Nice game but too many negative things about him to really care about him. Seems typical Brexit.
Spot on. MPs who think they will get a stronger Brexit by voting against the deal need to wake up and smell the coffee. A deal this good won't be around for much longer. Soon the only options will be either no Brexit or a softer Brexit. #BackTheBrexitDeal
Come on Julie. The aim was to end the matter for the foreseeable future. I don't want brexit but you can't rewrite history.
But you're not trying to "shape Brexit"; you're trying to find a way to keep us bolted ONTO the EU forever, your attempt to bolt us INTO the EU forever by calling the Referendum having failed to your astonishment.
The incompetence and chaos of this Government’s Brexit, is causing anxiety and panic in sick people who fear that they won’t be able to get medicines that they need. #BritainCanDoBetter
It's just more of the typical #Brexit (and Trump) tactic of #Gaslighting! When all else (eg lies, half-truths, misused statistics, etc) fails, Gaslight your arses off!
Are our farmers all emigrating?
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq has delayed the birth of her child to vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal tomorrow – she intends to be taken through the Commons lobby in a wheelchair by her husband in order to vote
'Quiet batpeople'
Brexit vote taking centre stage: Our Chief Market Strategist, Mike Ingram, speaks to Asset TV about what will be moving markets this week.
Tomorrow's Brexit vote will not likely get enough support to pass, former U.K. Prime Minister Gordon Brown says.
GrBhamChambers: Ask the #Brexit expert: omersimjee LawConstantine provides his advice for businesses on recruiting high skilled EU workers. For FREE expert advice and guidance don't forget to join us for our next Brexit Clinic: 23rd Jan | 8:30am-11:00…
Look here we go Hunt spouting bollocks again
How is it, in this day &amp; age, we've still not come up with some way of MPs voting in the "mother of parliaments" without having to be physically present? (Pairing fails as the Tory party have shown.)
At least the quiet batpeople won't be affected....
The Tories are destroying our High Streets. Very sad news. Loss of another great independent business.
CHEXIT - Chester music shop announces closure
You might be surprised to hear what the Cusick Group CIO Joe Cusick says about the #Brexit vote tomorrow - Have a listen...
Sky News:
Brexit lot will be shaking in their slippers!
obviously walked past the photogs several times to make sure they got it
Bollocks to Brexit!
Sky News should Sack and replace her with this Sky Austrailan News reader..
Hey Esther. The people of Hull are compassionate and caring which is why they also voted for a Labour MP. They want a good Brexit deal not a cruel Tory one. They also want the end to austerity so I’ll look forward to you delivering that.
What a lowlife sellout. Remember these so-called representatives of the UK electorate fellow Brits!
I hear harping on about what people did and didn't vote for in #brexit. No one seems to have voted leave for the same reason, and the ballot only had two options so what the fuck is she on about?
Is it wrong in principle to object to the result of the 2016 Brexit referendum? There are some good arguments why the result should be implemented,...
*Hat tip* and a good shout for parental leave issues highlighted by Jo Swinson last year:
I can't see them doing that tomorrow - still too soon in the brexit mess.
If the Welsh and Scottish parliaments actually had more power over this process, I suspect we wouldn’t be in this chaos
As we enter crunch week for #brexit the recent survey report from and highlights the uncertainties faced by local manufacturers. Read full report #manufacturing
Brexit: A cultural morphology
'Out of touch' is v bad given that ought to be one of his strong suits
Mel Stride Financial sec to treasury paymaster gen leaving this afternoons brexit cabinet meeting showing solidarity with Bob !!!!
"The real problem for carmakers isn’t Brexit or China—it’s weight"
UK: REGULATIONS PUBLISHED TO HELP INTERPRET ‘UK GDPR’ POST-BREXIT
I totally agree John i have sons &amp; they r like myself very angry at what's going on in the Commons we cant understand y them in the commons want 2 try &amp; Dictate our lives when we live in a Democracy Unless they what 2 turn us 2 a Dictatorship state like North Korea
Not sure selling massive quantities of "fire-starting gel" to an enraged nation is a good idea #Brexit
Discovery preps for no-deal Brexit
Some good news on #Brexit from : „The rise of continental right-wing nationalists is set to be smoothed by the departure of British MEPs“. Some bad news: #Brexit might not happen after all.
It's nonsense like this that just makes us understand the Government has no ammunition left except fearing bullying. Stop it now - before we all die laughing
BBC News - Is Brexit-voting Llanelli changing its mind?
The British people are manoeuvring to block a no deal Brexit. Voters' faith in Tories like may never recover.
If I had any, and I mean literally any, confidence in the Brexit politicians and what they say / promise, I wouldn’t necessarily be against it but there is absolutely nothing they say that convinces me it’s a good idea. Do you know something don’t ??
This is clearly for English readers of the as in Scotland they would be telling us it’s a noose around our necks and running out - mind you the Dandy has more readers in Scotland.
Theresa May lies about the Welsh Assembly in bid to get MPs to back Brexit deal
This is what the country should be debating, not bloody #brexit.
Gareth Johnson resigns: Tory whip quits government ahead of Theresa May's Brexit deal vote - Evening Standard via #business #News
Are you still posting those completely wrong messages about medicine shortages after Brexit? So wrong and frightening that the NHS had to reprimand you? And yet you haven’t apologised once. What a nauseating hypocrite you are.
"To hell with the rest of the world," said by the man whose team is owned by a Malaysian businessman and as of Jan-19 has a team-sheet with players from 11 different countries from around the world. Focussing on not getting relegated is perhaps a better shout? #warnock #idiot
Anyone else think this is a classic #ProjectFear tactic by May and cronies to generate last minute worry-mongering by #MSM ? #Brexit
they won't look after your dog regardless mate
Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Beware of False Brexit Break-Outs The meaningful Brexit vote takes place Tuesday evening with PM May’s bill likely to be defeated heavily and Sterling remains bid ahead of the vote. below short link
The #May deal - everyone agrees - it's worse than our current situation (still in the #EU with no control over rules) and worse than leaving (we can't do deals outside). #Bonkers. Essentially - #Brexit doesn't mean #Brexit.
#TheresaMay and #JeremyCorbyn ....when was the leadership of Britain's two main parties so poor and confidence in parliament so low #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Grief that all we need from the man who said this would be easy!!
Blain: "The Brexit Vote Will Be A Complete And Utter Clusterf**k" | Zero Hedge
'It's a horrible feeling' - What do Europeans in the West Country think about Brexit?
Tomorrow's Brexit vote will not likely get enough support to pass, former U.K. Prime Minister Gordon Brown says.
She must really go! This woman is confusing the whole story.
May warns MPs that killing off her Brexit deal would be the 'height of recklessness' in desperate last-ditch plea before tomorrow's Commons showdown - as EU scrambles to shore her up with vow Irish backstop will only be 'temporary'.A deal that keeps you in the EU? NO.
Thank you, Stephen Fry, for a bit of sanity
hated your #SummerJobs esther, and your #welfare #Voting record stinks to high heaven... #Hull #Brexit hope you never come back to do #UniversalCredit - you where dire!
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?: The Confederation of Paper Industries says it is concerned about the potential for delays in a no-deal Brexit.
More like how desperate can you get. Post Brexit you'll both be in different parties anyway....
cchq #brexit #brexitsaturation Does the Conservative Party consider that the large pile of chamber pots to Theresa May's left in Stoke is prophetic for the "deal" vote?
Brexit doesn't have the consent of the minority because:- 1. The extreme interpretation of a very close vote. 2. The false prospectus offered by Leave. 3. The fraudulent Leave campaigns.
Theresa May #skynews #Brexit
Those who voted for Brexit are not exactly getting what they were promised so I don't think your argument really stands up.
Still more detailed than any notes I made at uni.
Brexit plan: Political declaration and withdrawal agreement #IHeartPolitics
Senior Conservatives have signalled they are not prepared to support a no-deal Brexit as they inflicted a defeat on the government in Parliament.
BBC News - Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
Time to respect democracy #BBC CYMRU CYMRU wales and stop your toxic nationalist agenda. Wales is imploding and not down to any Brexit outcome but down to the Y Fro Gymraeg rule that's is bleeding Wales dry. Circa £500 Million pa squandered on the Welsh Language Industry!
TM's deal does not deliver #Brexit in any form. This letter from the EU is a total embarassment, every dog on the street knows it has no legal basis, so it's a con. Vote this deal down &amp; deliver us #Brexit, or we'll end your party next General Election. It's really that simple.
of course, isn't Brexit otherwise, vote was very clear we leave everything
#brexit is an ouroboros; so self-consuming that prior, during and after the March 29th, it will still be only about itself, not what it was for, if anybody can remember, and if anyone will still care beyond surviving from their own post-Brexit inflictions.
He's probably right. May's deal does the least damage to the UK, least damage to Brexit at the point of withdrawal.
This is about Brexit isn’t it?
Brexit? Now we're motoring!
Please vote and RT
As the UK Parliament moved to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, how did the UK get to this point? HBO explains.
It's back!
My parents fought fascists. And they’re back on our streets. Bloody Brexit nonsense
Might as well have written ‘Cancel Brexit now.’
I did, but not his stance on Brexit. I had high hopes of him but form my point of view he has done a lot of fence sitting and has been more vocal about continuing Brexit over the last weeks. Though less ministers have dulled that done.
Millions of idiots voted for #Brexit because they listened to this other idiot and believed him.
The Brexit Diet: Where you're on a permanent diet because there is a no food after 29 March 2019.
Tomorrow's Brexit vote will not likely get enough support to pass, former U.K. Prime Minister Gordon Brown says.
May's deal is #SoftRemain, not Brexit The People voted Brexit
I want to stop Brexit. And we still can. We must demand better for the UK's future. Tune in tonight at 7pm. #PeoplesVote #ExitFromBrexit
So true.
U.K. Prime Minister May warns of no Brexit at all if Parliament does not back her deal #AlexJones #Infowars #MAGA
Everyone so absorbed by Brexit which is understandable the news of forcible deportation of UK medics gets missed
BBC News - Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
A point of view: Why the should do more to support 's deal
Brexit plan: Political declaration and withdrawal agreement
BBCNEWS 7:15am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: I have secured valuable assurances Vrom EU on Brexi! deal' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: Letters...
some wishful thinking here and too much respect for MP integrity.
Hell with the rest of the world and cannot wait for Brexit in the same conversation? Something not right with this report.
'Catastrophic harm coming if Brexit is rejected': May's warning
Tomorrow's Brexit vote will not likely get enough support to pass, former U.K. Prime Minister Gordon Brown -CNBC #Brexit #74DaysToBrexit
Mel Stride Financial sec to treasury paymaster gen leaving this afternoons brexit cabinet meeting showing some disturbing facts.
We'll find out here soon if Brexit is denied
Either he’s an idiot (possible) or a joker (it’s not funny now) #BrexitChaos
Nothing to worry about. Well apart from the 'no food' part.
Monday's recommended articles on Slipcase: featuring #Mondelez #Brexit
As long as the EU has any power over us and our elected representatives don't have the power to reject EVERYTHING the EU wants to impose on us then we don't have Brexit like we voted for.
Predictions on Theresa May's Brexit deal vote? #BrexitVote
you are the one trying to thwart Brexit. Liar! Traitor! Resign!
Wait a minute, isn't Neil Warnock allowed to express his opinions? Does the UK still have freedom of speech?
It’s called Fascism.
Brainless Bastards Buy Brexit Box. x
Juncker, concerned for budget surplus of his country Luxembourg, as it has reduced tax haven advantage, now to ROI. Pre Brexit wants to take legal steps to stop World Trade going straight to main source of EU trade surplus market, the UK ppl.
I fully understand what rights are set to be lost. It’s fucking appalling! However, if you’re against JC you’re as complicit as the Tories in sinking this country. He won’t get his ideal Brexit, but he’s the best thing we’ve got to enduring we don’t get a Tory Brexit, if at all.
Also: Increasingly Loud Bat People.
Brexit or no Brexit - Life goes on..... #sales #marketing #development #planning #buildings #apartments #house #landsource #land #newhomes #newhomesales #newhomeconstruction
Adrian, you are tying yourself in knots with the minutiae. Forget the trees &amp; see the forest. There is no form of Brexit that will improve on our current situation. EFTA/EEA is ok for Norway but not us. Brexit = economic nihilism!
#tories simply cannot be trusted
Brexit: Tory whip Gareth Johnson resigns because he can't support May's deal – Politics live
#Brexit is TO GET RID OF THE #EUROPEAN #EU MAFIA (no joke !) and the #London city BANKSTERS !
Interesting, familiar, but hardly ‘explosive’ article, Will. Stats re independently-educated sectors are interesting and capable of a more positive spin. Look at the corollaries of those stats. Some positive suggestions re way forward, many of which are already being implemented.
For country’s sake, back Brexit deal, Theresa May begs MPs
3: Human sacrifice 4: Dogs and cats living together 5: Mass hysteria
Theresa May has urged MPs to back her Brexit deal "for the country's sake" as Tuesday's Commons vote looms closer.
Lol he’s on a wind up
Totally agree and the media normally gives limelight to the nutters on both sides. But 3 years on and we are barely closer to a deal, may help if we had someone who believed in Brexit in charge not an opportunist.
At this juncture it’s clear that Brexit was the brainchild of bluffers who hadn’t thought about anything, much less thinking any one dimension through.
Theresa May has promised those MP's who vote for her #Brexit deal will get half price broadband for 6 months and a £25 ASDA gift voucher.
*at tesco putting stuff into a blue box to sell for twice what I paid*
#Homebuilding growth in the UK under threat from a no deal #Brexit
Well it's clear Gareth Johnson's words are meaningless. He says something but then jumps ship, instead of riding out the storm. If you are you sure about your case, why then are you leaving? Be honest to the British people, the best way to go it to stop these shenanigans. #Brexit
This is why we our a divided toxic austerity impoverished country, with failing services thousands of homeless 4.5 million children in poverty &amp; their monumental Brexit farce, we have been in the hands of military grade idiots for 9 years.
May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
For country’s sake, back Brexit deal, Theresa May begs MPs
I'm so glad I won't be in the country on brexit day and won't have to see/hear about it for a couple days tbh.
Title's a bit misleading. I Waited in vain for an argument for why cancelling Brexit would not be a disaster.
She's an idiot.
Its all Soundbites, let's hear some facts not just hearsay. We already know what we have and if we stay in the EU we will have influence to change it. Any Brexit and we have NO influence of change and will have to accept whatever they throw at us ,
This is fine.
UTTER RUBBISH! What you really meant was No Brexit is politically a disaster from which You are unlikely to recover from; which would be no bad thing.
For country’s sake, back Brexit deal, Theresa May begs MPs
Central services provided by DXC are key to the efficiency and ease of doing business in the marketplace through #Brexit and beyond. #Insurance #LondonMarket #ThriveonChange
Coincidence as in “It fell off the back of a lorry, Guv”?
Her deal is not the only option, it does nothing good for this country, it is no one’s interests to vote for it. Rejecting it will allow a GE and competent handling of the Brexit situation.
Was T May subliminally indicating support for a Final Say on Brexit? Her words on Welsh Devolution drew attention to the little known fact that the 2005 Tory election manifesto called for a second referendum on abolishing the Welsh Assembly.
The latest MARION STEGGLES COLLECTION! #ausopen #brexit
Misguided loyalty
Free movement of factories! Is that also part of our special relationship? #Brexit
May is to deliver two speeches on Monday in a last-ditch effort to convince legislators to support the deal her government negotiated with the EU on the terms of Britain’s divorce with the Union. #Brexit #BrexitVote
That's Tory there making a joke about food security.
Well people promoting social unrest in the U.K. over Brexit be warned there are real consequences for what you put out shame y’all never learn love conquers all, thoughts and prayers with Pawel family
Nailed on Ben. Had she sought cross party compromise and acknowledged the narrowness of the result she’d have delivered Brexit without major issues (other than upsetting the ERG but that would have been a plus point too.
the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement dors nothing to address the impact of the Schengen90/180 rule . A rule that will limit upon my ability to be a WW1 Tour Guide for school groups &amp; visit France regularly.
Also were the EU to agree this, the idea that the UK - that’s struggled to do the EASY Brexit bit in 2.5 years could do the hard bit in the next 2.5? Get real. #MeaningfulVote #brexit
May warns Brexit may not happen if Parliament rejects her deal
[ITV] Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for historic Brexit vote |
Just for clarity. As one of your constituents I would be happy for you to accept the current deal thereby letting us move on to full Brexit. Hope you can see the sense in this move and don't just vote enbloc with your labour colleagues. Thank you.
Our industry’s very real economic concerns in the event of a no deal Brexit was a topic of discussion on on Monday morning, discussed the impacts at 34.5 mins. We are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
Matthew Herbert's Brexit Big Band explores British identity on new album, The State Between Us #news #techno #tech #house #music
Please tell me on the ballot paper where it mentioned ‘hard’ or ‘soft’ Brexit Was the question simply along the lines of EU Membership ?
UK Parliament Discusses Brexit Ahead of Major Vote (VIDEO)
If Parliament doesn't up hold Brexit can we take them to the European Court of Justice?
BREXIT - IF TAXPAYERS CONTINUE TO PAY FOR BRUSSELS - THE LORDS AND COMMONS MUST BE CLOSED DOWN TO ALLEVIATE THE BURDEN ON THE TAXPAYERS
Here we go. No food. No channel tunnel
The government has set out plans for air pollution which aim to improve on EU rules and align with the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommendations - a hopeful sign for environmental standards post-Brexit #cleanair #brexit #pollution by
Brexit Hazard
Brilliant!! Read it all whatever you think of Brexit, Leave or Remain!!!
I would hope that post brexit his toxic banter is curtailed or quashed.
This is the most practical way of solving the BREXIT problem. via
Anna Soubry, Brexit, and the rise of antagonistic politics via Popular sayings are not infallible. Dog that barks does not bite? Hum... Question is, what do you do with dogs that don't stop at barking?
Good choice of factory for Theresa May`s Brexit speech. Shows there is nothing better than the deal we have.
Some might think hacks getting out their prams at Owen Jones once again giving them a schooling would have left off on this, the week that 30 years of lies and bullshit about the EU comes to fruition. But of course the press aren't partly responsible for Brexit, Russia is.
Dear , The faith of the majority of the #uk in #Parliament, "the democratic process and their politicians" suffered "catastrophic harm" when lies and thuggery were allowed to win over honesty and facts. The behaviour has #balkanisedbritain. #Brexit
disturbing
Not only is this a fantastic explainer from on the process for MPs in tomorrow's #MeaningfulVote but there is also great access to the and how votes are cast.
200 million tweets sent about Brexit via
Posted...
oh no look what’s happening in France #BREXIT
Posted...
SNP sleepwalking us into brexit slavery.
The DUP, unsurprisingly, are unmoved by today’s exchange of letters on the backstop. In fact, they say the letters “bolster” their concerns. #brexit
No they are not. Had the vote been binding, and had an option to vote for specific ways of leaving you might have a point, but it did not. Therefore it is up to . A seems the only way forward now. With 3 choices: Leave on deal, no deal or no Brexit.
No deal brexit is better than this surrender WA agreement.
EU letter in full: What Brexit assurances did May get?
I fully understand what rights are set to be lost. It’s fucking appalling! However, if you’re against JC you’re as complicit as the Tories in sinking this country. He won’t get his ideal Brexit, but he’s the best thing we’ve got to ensuring we don’t get a Tory Brexit, if at all.
So pleased to welcome historian Dr David Starkey CBE to . All sixth form historians lucky enough to hear his engaging and informative lecture on how Henry Vlll became a tyrant king. Tonight we hear what Henry Vlll may have made of Brexit.
You won't gain from Brexit in any way. Honestly, you won't. That's a challenge. Prove me wrong, if you can. But I don't think you can.
Pregnant Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays birth to vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
So, that's what you call devotion to duty! What a shame her Party's leader doesn't share the same sense of duty to our nation.
How are Jersey students to be treated in Europe? Any ideas? Any changes ? What’s the process etc? Fee changes? We have asked but not had a reply from the let’s talk brexit team. Though it may not happen at all!
Your continued efforts to try and win over the MP’s and British people is wasted. We should be holding the negotiations, not grovelling to the EU on their terms. #BrexitVote #brexit #PMQs #EU
Ireland's venom directed towards Israeli settlers will result in a no deal Brexit and they'll end up crying all the way to the EU's coffers - what goes around comes around.
? He's been very clear that he prefers Brexit to not Brexit. The rest of it is whether or not you believe Brexit to be good for poor and vulnerable, some of whom are dying homeless on the streets. I think Brexit will be bad for them. Corbyn (I think) believes otherwise, or...
He was explicitly asked about the impact of Brexit on football, and his ability to sign players, and said “we’ll be far better out of the bloody thing. In every aspect. Football-wise as well, absolutely. To hell with the rest of the world.”
URGENT please take a look at this factual and erudite website -Briefings for Brexit - founded by renowned lawyers, diplomats, businessmen and academics. Please don't cede anymore sovereignty to EU by voting for May's deal. Best wishes C Jones
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Correct. But no one has come forward to say how the deal could be better because they want to keep their cards close to their chest. The only good thing Brexit has done is show us that both sides of the political class is not good enough for chip paper let alone to govern us.
Another EU member state - Austria - guarantees rights of British expats after Brexit, whatever form it takes. This is good news, and comes after similar moves in Poland, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden &amp; others.
Going by the finance bill that was voted down, Parliament doesn't want a 'no deal Brexit'. And it is said Parliament won't pass Theresa May's crap deal either; good job seeing as though former MI6 &amp; Defence chiefs say it's a National Security Threat #GTTO
Think about this in case of no brexit Nigeel Farage will be an MEP for longer.
this guy is doing sterling work documenting the real impact of Brexit ......regardless of if there's a deal or not. This is stuff that's ALREADY happened or happening
Have your say: What is the most likely outcome over Brexit?
bides his time calling for a General Election hatching a deluded plan to gain power ! as a whole is failing the People of Britain not just the Government ! He never had a plan for #Brexit but has used it for his own goal !
What’s the link between #Brexit and gender balance? The U.K.’s looming #skills shortage. #DiversityMatters #Equality #Careers #HR #genderpaygap #EqualPay
Corbyn supports Brexit. He'd make an excellent Tory.
Final EU madness: If Brexit is delayed Brits will vote for an EU government in MAY!
stockpiling for #Brexit
The Brexit Diet: Where you're on a permanent diet from 29 March 2019 because there is no food.
Diversity figures, fraud rates and Brexit: 5 killer stats to start your week
Labour have no need to dismiss it, Calum, they can simply prevaricate enough so that with ‘any luck’ (as they might see it) - brexit happens anyway ... This is disgraceful behaviour by Her Majesty’s Opposition.
If you want a sad laugh ... check out Tory #Brexitard remarks
Go Andrew!
Anyone who believes this doesn't understand Brexit. You know, most Brits can name about ten states. You lot can't even name two British counties. Get back to your own problems.
Never held such bullshit in all my life - BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
You mean after seeing how Brexit has incited violence and far right surge it's wrong to be against it?
Some facts please.
Gareth Thompson Tory Whip - How long have you been fannying around with your conscience? What a shit show Brexit is. I apologise to the EU. These headless morons certainly do not represent me.
A bit like Brexit, it’s pretty much only baby boomers who are excited by the Martin O’Neill appointment. #nffc #worstgeneration
Diversity figures, fraud rates and Brexit: 5 killer stats to start your week #marketing
This is not brexit this is demoractic fraud your selling. You should be disgraced with yourself. Bet when you lose your job you'll be off with your big fat pension to live in a country of your choice with big gates so you can't see migrants, homless or the poor.
a bigger risk of no brexit? oh no :) how awful :)
Brexit reality, the deal is bad and no deal is bad, I am interested to know what you will say to people who lose their jobs because of this, as we put up trade barriers to our biggest market.
Negative? It is a marvellous thing when any one MP acts with some integrity - we should celebrate each occasion, they are all too rare.
There was a pretty good reason to delay the Brexit vote!
#Construction leaders to hold emergency summit on #Brexit
What an absolute load of shite. Bet he won’t give refunds out after the 29th of March the tosser.
Quiet Batpeople.
Top consulting firms rake in £75 million for Brexit preparations
BBCNEWS 7:16am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: I don't think we should be extending Article 5O" I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: I am working to get...
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote
Ironically, as the choice is now in reality down to No Deal or No Brexit &amp; Parliament will almost certainly vote v No Deal, it's the Leave side who should want a Second Referendum as winning that is their only real chance of actually getting Brexit at all. 1/2
Someone needs to come up with a Brexit advent calendar. 17m+ sales. Thank me later.
The UK needs to get its political situation sorted before agreeing to the WA. Scotland needs to have an independence vote &amp; NI needs a border poll. Things have changed &amp; it's a democratic right of voters to choose for each country. After this a fresh look at the situation.
I am excited it feels like the beginning of the end for Brexit. Looking forward to hearing what amendments will be called
A lawmaker with sense of commitment
The UK right now...
How lucky are the SNP if it wasn’t for Brexit the pressure on the FM to resign would be unparalleled, as it is the story is rattling around but largely overshadowed by Brexit. In normal times this would be the top story for every news outlet.
I've been an expat for a very long time, and I've never really been home sick, but watching Brexit is like watching a loved one dying. It hurts. Pauline, your sentiment is heart warming. I hope many are drawn to Scotland and build a new home and life. Peace x
Our MD discussing challenges facing #recruiters in 2019 including late repayments, increasing competition, #Brexit uncertainty and skills shortages. Read his article in here:
I have many U.K. friends. For them I hope that they aren´t hit hard. And the Britains deserved better political leaders. But this Brexit Slapstick is not funny anymore. NO MORE WORD. They may close the door and switch off light, if they go.
Two birds with one stone if you ask me.
The Coatings Industry strongly opposes a no deal Brexit. Our CEO discussed the impacts on on Monday morning, check it out at 34.5 mins. The BCF are happy to discuss with any relevant media.
Mel Stride very clearly did this on purpose. Now even the government's PR strategy is failing at the first hurdle.
#PeoplesVote = democracy! These are the figures from our brexit-supporting government. Hope you don't live in the North!
The left- Socialist Government without Neoliberal EU anti competition laws to allow public ownership etc Right- Fewer worker and Environmental protections from EU to allow exploitation of the working class. Centrists- I'm alright Jack lets stay here!
Well Boles you lot disgust so many of us.
Cardiff city say warnocks comments dont reflect the political position of the club. They shouldnt have a political position, its a football club. And a shit one at that #brexit
#GBPUSD $GBPUSD This approach to zero is often a backdrop of large economic decline events. 1996 Tory Collapse, 2001 Dot. come, 2008 deleverage, 2016 #Brexit #FTSE100
200 million tweets sent about Brexit via
EU letter in full: What Brexit assurances did May get?
Suspect what a lot are forgetting is #Brexit issue only came up as a result of 'Wishes of the Public' (??)
Finally someone's asking the important questions
The point is, the EU still refuse to make the changes to the legally binding Withdrawal Agreement, making any letter absolutely meaningless in legal terms.
hi, tomorrow is the Brexit vote. My request to you is for you and your MP colleagues to work together to deliver the Brexit approved in the national referendum. It’s time to put aside the jockeying, party politics + JCs call for an election and deliver Brexit.
One word, inept.
Absolutely not.
But everything to do with #tory govmt as the lauded growth in GDP: "is thus reliant on households and firms maintaining expenditure by running down savings and accessing credit – which means ever increasing private debt burdens"
OH MY GOD THIS IS FANTASTICCCCCC *i must remember there’s more going on in the world than #Brexit
I think that remainers voted Labour last time in the misguided hope that Labour were going to stop Brexit. Now we know neither party will, aGE is like having a choice between shooting either the left foot or the right. Green or Libdem is the only choice left.
via Brexit meaningful vote: Everything you need to know
Brilliant!
And if 's also planning to significantly reduce #AirPollution and resultant ill-health by going after the scented candle, it is clearly based on #Tories' award-winning #Brexit methodology - the hassle-free trimming of govt spending by cutting ½p-in-£1 we spend thru EU
EU Medicines Agency starts shift to Amsterdam before Brexit - CTV News #Amsterdam #News
Lab's Brexit, if it ever happens, is going to be an ultra-soft one, esp. as regards immigration, so they'll have lots of leeway to get something out of the talks
. on just now on tabling an amendment saying backstop will expire in December 2021. Says he hopes it’ll be considered by the government and enjoys cross-party support. Chances of it being adopted by the EU? Zero. Illustrates how far apart sides are #brexit
That is to do with extending, not rescinding, Article 50. The piece goes on to state: "Parliament could revoke article 50 unilaterally and call the whole Brexit process off."
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line via
I'm pretty sure if David De Gea wanted, he could save Brexit.
You stood on a pro Brexit manifesto. You voted fir the referendum. If you have integrity you will ensure we leave the EU not try and subvert the referendum result.
Mays deal is finished. The conservatives are finished. We need an extension to article 50, during which time we have a general election with a labour manifesto that reflects what members want with regards to Brexit policy. Wether it’s still to leave .. OR a people’s vote
His handful of silver firmly held.
3. Plague of Locust 4. Boils 5. Hail 6. Death of firstborn
It could keep us out of the Brexit mire. And my goodness what would the the 2016 referendum result, achieved through lies, manipulation and division do for this country? Break it. So revoking article 50 and/or another vote will be a positive step to a better future than any deal.
Belter... #BrexitShambles
Why is she still there? Asking for a friend! Theresa May reveals last-ditch EU vow to never use Brexit backstop - but it's not legally binding
Brexit is the biggest thing to happen in Britain in my lifetime and yet I’m at a point where I genuinely couldn’t care less. I’m just so tired of hearing about it and trying to understand it all.
Bradford Italians left fearing for their future as Brexit nears
Straight out of the “Putin Guide to Misinformation”
Artfully displayed.
For someone with - I gather - an actual reputation and history as an economist, that is one exquisitely devised penance for breaking rank on Brexit. So evil, it’s almost admirable.
Seriously? Is that why they're constantly being lambasted for being pro-Brexit?
The Trump effect.
I’m not bothered frankly. The money (as you pretend not to understand) is for obligations incurred as a member of an organisation that we are attempting to leave. Unfortunately our politicians are incapable of delivering this, so there will be no Brexit.
Extended opening hours in light of the Brexit vote
Never heard so much bullshit in all my life - BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
PM talks a lot of sense up to the point where she says the UK will move to a “Brighter Future”. The UK on its own will face a Dismal Future post Brexit. The Brexit Bus is now at cliff, will UK hit the brakes??
The constitutional committee is submitting a bill to parliament aimed at guaranteeing the rights of UK citizens in Estonia post-Brexit. #Estonia
Theresa May told huge lies in her Brexit speech today and everybody knows it
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Can anyone tell me what number 3 was? And how long the list was?
Accents d'Europe - Accord sur le Brexit: Yes or No?
EU letter provides legal assurances for Brexit deal: UK attorney general
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved
Now he’s into SkyNews on the TV, he’s giving his views on Brexit.
Yes he is trying to derail the real change of Brexit. You have a problem with that??
Brexit news: How Britain was put 'under SIEGE by damaging trade bloc' | UK | News |
Daniel - I hope you would join -
I would be winding up the paparazzi like this all day every day if I was a politician
Lawmaker delays C-section to attend crucial Brexit vote
Lawmaker delays C-section to attend crucial Brexit vote
Lawmaker delays C-section to attend crucial Brexit vote #NEWS
Lawmaker delays C-section to attend crucial Brexit vote
Wtf cares. Are snowflakes actually triggered by a football manager being pro brexit?
What proportion of MPs were elected on a manifesto promising to deliver Brexit, though? If general elections are the real votes, manifesto commitments kind of matter, don't they?
Brexit can still be blocked, PM May warns rebels as key vote looms via
Lawmaker delays C-section to attend crucial Brexit vote
"Brexit? It's a crock: you've been sold a dud, son…"
Lawmaker delays C-section to attend crucial Brexit vote
god cutesy brexit merch can properly go fuck itself.
I was just recently sharing with someone that voted Leave what is happening at the moment and how ridiculous Brexit has become. She voted for Brexit because of her family and still claimed that immigrants are abusing benefit system... Austerity Tories job is done here...
Do we or do we no longer have democracy in this country? #Brexit
The referendum was rigged by the side that broke the law. And it took place in 2016, not 2019. A second referendum would literally *be* democracy in action.
Over half the party will not allow brexit because parliament loses their power... they are obstructing and blocking. It's always had a strong parallel &amp; they voted to leave just like the US voted for Trump. Seems we all agree days of politics are over, politicians just don't know
Resign and call a by-election. Let your #Leave voting constituents judge your duplicity
would love to attend a rally to support brexit but london is too far ,please can something be arranged for east anglia , most of this area supported ukip and brexit
We have the right to not want Brexit! Apart from it being a very stupid idea. It's freedom of speech.
Yesterday, before watching a clip of Oscar Wilde I had just listened to a recital By Dylan Thomas, Rage, I was about to plagiarise it into a debate about Brexit, to point out our lack of tempering skills, rage doesnt come from losing some of what you have, it needs a broken soul
Remember when Liam Byrne wrote ‘I’m afraid there's no money' and the Conservative government told us it was the most depraved joke ever committed to paper?
“Accident”.
Hear, Hear! He is obviously not a man of his word, if he is not prepared to deliver on the manifesto and subsequently should never be trusted to hold a position of office again. The electorate will remove him.
If and the voted the way they did after the Welsh assembly referendum in tomorrow's vote then #brexit would be stopped.
"Yes, so are analysts have found that in the event of No Deal Brexit, there would be no food and NO ESCAPE."
3. No oxygen. 4. No water. 5. No Marmite. A piss take, surely.
This is my fear. Remainers are working to realpolitik. They care only about stopping Brexit. If May's deal goes down highly unlikely we will end up with anything half as good. The transition period is 2 years. If the EU mess about then there is a good case legally to terminate it
Remainers would do well to vote #LibDem or #Green
THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS A GOOD BREXIT DEAL! STOP LYING!
Im for Brexit Im also up for never seeing back in any government position in the future
Ian O'Doherty: 'It looks like the secession bug has spread and we're entering the last days of the #EU' #Irexit #Brexit #giletsjaunes #TheresaMay #EuropeanSpring #Juncker #Tusk #Corbyn #Labour
Brexit War Games: All the possible outcomes of the meaningful vote and what each could mean for Theresa May, the Government and the nation.
Yep. Just about sums up the United Kingdom’s plan to leave the #EuropeanUnion, as last ditch talks fail miserably. #TheConservativeParty have well &amp; truly #FuckedUs.
. enjoyed watching you squirm on earlier. Your argument that Brexit must be delivered regardless of consequences is deeply flawed. Welfare of the economy &amp; 65million+ citizens comes way before saving the Tory party, which was your only argument.
Funny how Brexit is supposed to "open Britain to the rest of the world" ! Well...different gammon same nonsense!
sell these tops.. riskis not worth the reward up here after a 19% rally with brexit vote, gov shut down and earnings reports. China slowdown. Crazy to put more risk on right now. wait for a dip intrad ay or weekly and then buy.. I personally am selling some LT holdings.
The evidence for Tory manifesto promise #1 is quite literally written on their manifesto. Easy to find via 10 second google search. See link for HMG brexit forecasts.
A really, really silly tweet from Melissa Iacone. #FakeNews would be embarrassed at this attempt....
Oh look #fakenewa sticking their fake noses into #Brexit what a surprise. Bezos obviously has an interest in derailing Brexit as well as going after boycott Amazon
Story: Putney Brexitometer Highlights Concerns About Brexit - Lib Dems stage second Brexitometer in Putney ...
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'
I wonder how is post-#Brexit #UK going to negotiate trade agreements with countries like the US, China, Japan or India (or the #EU) with a large part of its political elite showing such incompetence, ignorance and self-delusion. #FBPE
IRIN | A “manufactured” Brexit migrant crisis masks new risks ahead #TheLightlessSky
With so little time left on the #Brexit clock, the only certainty is uncertainty. As a global business with offices not only in the #UK but throughout #Europe we are well positioned to carry on business as usual.
Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament?
The county council has finally revealed what a no-deal Brexit might mean for Surrey
What happens if Theresa May loses the meaningful vote on her #Brexit deal? goes through the possible courses of action... Read the full report here:
Brexit is costing us much more than having a referendum would. Maths and critical thinking isn't your forte is it... If you're so sure people haven't changed their minds then you have nothing to be afraid of.
So tell me 'people's vote'(PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal &amp;'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #politicslive
if the tories keep giving young people like me the cold shoulder over brexit, they'll lose us for good me for
Even misguided people who fundamentally misunderstand how costly &amp; undemocratic the EU is &amp; don’t realise that the anti-Brexit campaign is funded by George Soros, are entitled to their view. Unlike Remainers, I do not wish that they would all hurry up and die!
It's getting to that stage where people aren't going to be polite any more...
This is what treachery looks like...…..
The Financial Secretary’s Brexit notes say, “No food, No Channel Tunnel”. So his questions in the meeting were obviously ‘Is there anything that people might notice is different after Brexit? And then “Oh, how quickly can we flee the country?”
Funny i thought labour were 3 points ahead Ur party is in the middle of a brexit war &amp; over 100 of your mps have no confidence in the PM which is far more worrying at this time Labour brexit policy not the question they're not the govt The only vacuum is the one between ur ears
Norman I think your next statement, when asked about Brexit, should be that it's in palliative care.
The 2 euro coin (€2) is the highest value euro coin and has been used since the introduction of the euro (in its cash form) in 2002. Is brexit going to happen? Time to place your bets #Brexit
This is literally what they are doing. You just don't like the type of Brexit you are getting. More fool you for not being able to see this as the inevitable consequence of red lines (which I would guess you cheered) laid out 2 years ago.
A complete vote face is the only way to save the UK from total catastrophe. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
Oh Jeremy Corbyn, and he's about to try and get an election with his party and electorate split 6 ways from Sunday...
If UK Parliament rejects May&amp;#039;s Brexit deal, what&amp;#039;s Plan B?
"European countries still fare well, with Germany and France ranked third, with 188; and Denmark, Finland, Italy and Sweden fourth, with 187." #Brexit
TREASON THERESA MAY CREATE HATE WAR DIVIDE FEIGN VICTIMHOOD STATE SABOTAGE MASS GENOCIDE MARSHALL LAW KANGAROO COURTS UKSOLD 2 FOREIGN ENTITIES ENEMIES WITHIN BRITISHMILITARY POLICE NHS OBLITERATED UKCOLUMN INFOWARS EX CIA VETERANS4BRITAIN #Brexit
Desperate stagger through a quagmire. MPs are lying to voters – there is no alternative to May’s Brexit deal. #Ukpoli #BrexitMess
If / when there's a border poll, I hope it's conducted better than that Brexit fiasco. Not too optimistic though
A prayer ahead of tomorrow's #Brexit vote:
Yes, but the costly uncertainty continues....... "Brexit brinkmanship and the real economic costs of continuing uncertainty … via "
Can't stand #Brexit For two years, every time someone has mentioned it I thought they were saying "biscuit"! I was in IN IN!!! But they didn't deliver on biscuit and now no one knows whether biscuit is going to happen. Change its name to Derek or something that isn't biscuit like
I reckon I've made a pretty good contribution myself! #StopBrexit
Theresa May axes 'lie' from Brexit speech after critics point out it's not true
I think point 4 really needs to be taken into account by MPs- if they vote through deal and do not pivot to PV, millions of people are going to have no hope of reversing Brexit.
The last throes of a desperate First see GROVELLED to the EU Then see SCREAMED #NoDeal to BLACKMAIL the #Remainers Now she SCREAMS #NoBrexit to BLACKMAIL the #Brexiteers This ia all about her OVER INFLATED EGO. #MayMusGo #BrexitVote #GTTO
She will try anything - even deliberately hiding something so that, if found out, she will have no alterative but to do the wrong think and stifle Brexit until a new scheme for keeping us in a corrupt EU can be found. Other countries are going to leave anyway so they can join us.
Interesting!
Your regular - albeit probably-not-really-frequent-enough - reminder that I knew this #Brexit shitstorm would turn out like this, all along. My blogpost on the subject from 23/6/16 - in which I still can't find one sentence that doesn't still ring true...
A quartet of #Labout MPs committed to worsening the living standards and reducing the life chances of their constituents. #Brexit
This
It takes a remarkable capacity for dishonesty for May to publicly speak about the importance of democracy &amp; carrying out Brexit whilst at the same time attempting to ram through a deal that kills Brexit!
New Year’s resolutions
Politics is stupid, part n+1
BBC BBC only built to lie to me.
Bunter is so biased against brexit his head will explode when we actually leave
It was obvious that the Irish bumplug would be unacceptable "...whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit vote"
You missed the bit where May said that they always abided by referendums and she then quoted the Welsh Assembly vote.... err but she had forgotten that in their very next GE manifesto they called for a second vote!
I wonder if Mr Pierce was one of those people calling for civility after Jo Cox was shot.
Absolute clusterfuck of epic proportions. If this was a sitcom it’d be one of the best ever and talked about for years. Sadly, it’s real.
Project Fear of God
What a shame Ms Cherry chose to ignore that the LibDems are at least a national party, and had over TWICE the votes the SNP did. The electoral system may mean the SNP have more seats, but don’t kid yourselves they have more of a voice.
If you voted for a Brexit Deal, then #NoDeal is not what you voted for. If May’s Deal is voted down, the only option then is a #PeoplesVote or #Remain
Theresa May's Brexit deal unlikely to pass, says Liam Fox
No woman, no cry?
There is a massive global uprising/revolution happening. If you don’t see it, you should. - Brexit - Election of Donald Trump - Yellow Vests (France) These aren’t isolated instances that occurred in a vacuum. They are deep rooted.
Probably not such a long run as all that. If English nutters managed to crowbar the country into No Deal Brexit, Scotland would be obliged to organise its independence ASAP in order to suffer the least fallout damage from the consequences of No Deal.
While you've all been crying about the oppression you've suffered as a result of problematic tweets, Chechnya's radial Islamist leader has started rounding up and killing LGBT people again. (BBC news, meanwhile, is leading with people buying Brexit Boxes)
DUP fury as PM says no-deal Brexit would mean changes to everyday life in NI | Bailiwick Express UK
Theresa May urges MPs to back Brexit deal 'for country's sake'
May has her orders from her EU masters: she MUST prevent a genuine Brexit - no matter what it takes. Her next step will be to secretly back a 'conspiracy' to take over control of the Commons - so that Brexit can be stopped, &amp; she can pretend to be furious about it.
MEPs dont want brexit as thats their job gone, also like myself i wont be voting anymore if brexit is somehow reversed by the dictators in westminster
The latest The Stronger UNISON Daily! Thanks to #brexit #unison
2016 - 2019. From optimism and hope to Stoke on Trent. #Brexit
The PM is absolutely rights they are trying to stop Brexit and that would be absolutely tremendous
With such a quasi-Eurofinance name it must be a #Brexit bird that's changed its mind and wants an Emus' Vote. Or is actually a Rhea? If so, it wants a second Rheaferendum, obvs.
What happens if Theresa May loses the meaningful vote on her #Brexit deal? goes through the possible courses of action... Read the full report here:
May in plea for support on Brexit, as EU chiefs offer ‘clarification’ of deal | Bailiwick Express UK
Brexit is in peril if divorce deal voted down, UK PM May warns
“Mel Stride Financial sec to treasury paymaster gen leaving this afternoons brexit cabinet meeting showing some disturbing facts !!!!”
a nice little read for you and your cabal, but then again, lying is second nature to you too isn't it? #NeverTrustATory #NeverVoteTory #ToriesLie #DissolveTheUKUnion
Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve
Vote against May’s Brexit agreement, Raab urges MPs | Bailiwick Express UK
"How do you solve a problem like Brexit?" We want to speak to Logistics Providers to find out what they think the issues will be when the hammer comes down and Brexit becomes final, deal or no deal. We want to understand the issues, so we can help explore the solutions #Brexit
#UK: May urges MPs to back her Brexit deal in speech
2/2 Important to remember that Brexit is more about belief than fiction so when we talk about “the rules”, there’s apparently no need for specifics. Just like when you ask a Brexiteer what they voted for regarding the Irish border issue.
The Entertainer ( ) used its positive Christmas trading update (Toys R Us' absence proved beneficial) to say that it has stockpiled 100 container loads of toys to ensure zero shortages this summer as chances of a no-deal Brexit loom &gt;&gt;
Labour Brexit splits deepen as MP comes out to back May's Brexit deal
Vote is tomorrow. They won't give her anything. They've said it a 1000 times. She'll probably lose, have to resign and the shit continues to flow with no solution in sight. This is Brexit. Maybe Boris will become leader.
Difficult to process thoughts about Brexit. It's good to see a strong and resilient female in charge, but fear of more friction isn't a reason to separate further. The divide already exists; what's needed is more togetherness &amp; care for all, which will, eventually, bring healing.
What part of "project fear won't work, and the more dire the predictions, the more absurd they sound" didn't these people learn from 2016? #Brexit
