Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no Giroud' Brexit minister
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit - Free falling
Cancel it cancel it cancel it cancel it cancel it cancel it cancel it, and, frankly, TO HELL with whatever the xenophobes, self-servers and company think about it.
What an appalling collection
Hoping that the #UnitedKingdom becomes even more of a mess than it already is thanks to #Brexit. Serves those old bigots, racists and the worst colonizers in history right. #BrexitChaos
should be put in the tower. She is the most despicable PM ever. This must never be allowed to happen
Little Englanders have rejected this #Brexit, even though our PM has sacrificed the interests of the Scotland, N. Ireland , Wales (according to polls), Gibralter, Brits living in the EU and beyond. They've even disenfranchised the generation most affected. What isn't for sale?
Spain has every say. You just figured out that EU countries actually have sovereignty in the EU. Brexit is total bollocks.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
High Court to rule if #Brexit vote ‘void’ amid Banks investigation
If you look at the outcomes of Brexit, and think about people like Farage and Johnson, I’d say it looks like something they would have managed to achieve. #brexit
How platitudinous can one be!
Debunked: 40 Reasons to Back the Brexit Deal -
She can't call it until we all know what's happening with brexit. To do so would be idiotic, and she's not an idiot.
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain
Is it just me, but I'm thinking this commons brexit deal vote is going to be rigged
Sturgeon would eat them alive, I mean unsure how May or Corbyn would even be allowed to debate against a heavyweight when they are such lightweights! England only ones REALLY stuck with them too unless we do something stupid like brexit and make whole U.K. reap Englands disgrace
The future of Gibalter is not a pawn to be sacrificed by the whim of any Prime Minister for a Brexit that benefits nobody. Gibraltarians have a right to have a say.....and I know what that will be:- Remain in UK and Remain in the EU.
The highlights are best read out loud in an earnest "Thought for the Day" voice: What’s In the Brexit Political Declaration on Future Ties? - Bloomberg
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal
Coming soon for Sega Master System - Brexit: Escape from the EU! #sega #brexit #teresamay #comingsoon #eu
So will #Europe miss the #UnitedKingdom when it’s gone? Probably not. #Brexit via
I agree. But hey when liars persuade people to #Brexit they seriously underestimated the complex nature of this country and its Union
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain
Absolutely Brilliant #thatisall
No, Nothing backed nothing decided, nothing voted on. Nothing agreed. And that's just brexit. So EU nazi army islamist backing super state culture eating evil German overlords are only found in fiction department, under, grow the fuck up.
Lord Hain knows no more in this subject than his knowledge of Parliamentary Privilege
"Theresa May, has succeeded in what she set out to do. She has brought the country together. Politicians of all colors, along with their supporters, are at last in full agreement. They are united in their hatred of Mrs. May’s Brexit deal. And with reason."
Done. Forgot to add my email address in my haste to submit. So I’ll take ‘stop Brexit’ instead of the free books. Thx.
It’s up to Labour now (if they don’t back track) the SNP , LiBs. DUP and Brexit Tories to vote her plan down
Very proud of this debate. It turned out really well. I like the EP for men like and . Smart and reflective. Well spoken. Real European patriots. Made me emotional listening to them grieve #Brexit &amp; an EU without the UK
“Things are getting better” and me and will tell you why. #TheOutsiders coming to #Nottingham #SavoyCinema on 8 December &amp; Birmingham 27 January. Get your tickets now: &amp; #UK #Britain #Brexit #Labour
My 2yr old granddaughter could have done a better deal
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal -
Check out this site it’s a revelation;
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
You do know no deal is better than this deal right? It only gets worse if you accept this deal... Also I think anyone could get a better deal sorted than what you've been doing.... What happened #brexit #BrexitShambles
On the basis that a marginal vote for Leave indicates that we should have an extreme Brexit with no meaningful relationship with the EU, rather than say Norway style, presumably 1 more vote for Remain than Leave should have meant Schengen, Euro, EU army, etc.
not impressed with Brexit deal #WTO rules !!!
Does Remainers for Brexiters against Brexit work?
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
I want to stop BREXIT as it will destroy the fabric of our country and create one single winner
All to make brexit fail..our scandalous pm and her minions must be made accountable
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
As we wind on the tape, see taxes rise, trade fall and everyday items rise in price all you clowns who voted for brexit invited this mess upon us. Is this, how you wanted it to be resolved. Shame on you.
Spain Approves Last Minute Gibraltar Deal. Brexit Summit To Proceed Tomorrow
Brexit. "Friends will be friends, right till the end"
'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to EU - Yes, well, you're not alone!
1/ So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not | Politics | The Guardian If the #WithdrawalAgreement goes through then he's probably right. However if we truly left then they'd miss the 14billion a year. If tariffs were introduced they'd miss
Beats f**king Brexit....
What is the Brexit deal, and what will happen after Parliament votes?
This failed GP and previously disgraced minister is not kidding - he really does want to make it harder for you to be ill, or a parent, or take holidays, or have safety at work. He really is a right-wing goblin, and people still think Brexit is a good idea?
Has toxic now finally made herself just too #toxic for even the most sycophantic lackey to continue backing her ???? Come pn above mentioned (and all decent MP's) DO SOMETHING #brexit
And they said Brexit would be the easiest deal in the history of deals. Brexit bulldog said this. #PeoplesVote
that was then and yes it was a bad decision but look at what they did stop the Nasty party doing - those people who changed allegiance let the Tories in and faciliated Brexit
"Norway" always used to be used by Eurosceptics simply as shorthand for a country outside the EU that was prosperous. The details of its relationship were never promoted to anyone, and would be regarded as "not Brexit" by most of the general public.
Well said. This people’s vote nonsense will lead to more Tory austerity and probably end up with brexit winning again
Why the hell would anyone want to vote this through parliament is beyond me.
Brexit latest news: Britain accused of caving in over Gibraltar - live updates
I’m sorry but Brexit is only being cocked up because Remainers are guiding negotiations; they didn’t expect, or even make provision for, an exit from the EU. When morale is vacant as it has been in May’s and Robbin’s predicament, the will to gain ground or negotiate is lost.
You can stand up for who you want, but you have the DUTY of also standing up for 16,000 of your constituents who voted to remain. This means a responsibility to ensure a #brexit deal that doesn't divide, but heals, &amp; builds harmony where there's discord. This deal could do that.
Thanks Brexit /not #NekoDesu
Oh sweetie. It’s called leverage. The UK has none. Never did. #Brexit was nothing more than political hubris, an egregious act of self-harm worthy of the Darwin Awards. Brexiteers are like entitled post-pubescent adolescents, realizing the world owes them 0. Go to your room.
The Government's "40 Reasons To Back The Brexit Deal", comprehensively debunked by .
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans.
#Spain has dropped its threat to boycott tomorrow's #Brexit summit as Theresa May took part in talks in #Brussels today.
Take a moment or two to read this thread:
The UK decided to leave the EU - so options that do not involve this must not be considered. #brexit
Your hardline UKIP like stance for a hard border cannot work. it's an extremist outlook as daft as hard Brexit itself
If Gibraltar is handed to Spain i will never support a conservative government again!
Michael McIntyre’s Big Show is worse than Brexit.
Man builds a fire,he will be warm all day, set the man on fire, he will be warm for the rest of his life
Why does it feel as if our country is disintegrating and that the #Brexit hardliner MPs are actually traitors who only care about their own ideological position without actually caring about our country, it’s future and its people
Third of Brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg (Video) : |
There is no left-wing case for #Brexit: 21st century socialism requires transnational organization
Brexit WARNING: Boris says 'HISTORIC MISTAKE' will see UK become a 'SATELLITE STATE'
Let me understand this please - if the House of Commons vote against this it is a hard Brexit? Or is it a done deal?
Never! The UK must stand with the wishes of the Gibraltarians and maybe the Rock can save the UK too
There is nothing worse than Brexiters talking about things they evidently know absolutely nothing about. FFS, be in favor of Brexit, but learn something about what will follow.
Exactly, where does it stop? That's what we vote for. Wrt Brexit, I don't think that Jo Public should have been offered the Brexit vote, we are not politically informed enough or aware of the numerous consequences. That's what MPs are paid for. They will blame us anyway.
I'm sure no Quitters will either read or agree. But just in case ... Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
New post ('We want a better deal': talking Brexit aboard a fishing trawler) has been published on -
Not how the extremes of Leave and Remain are portraying this issue but useful to know the reality.
The EU will be fine. #Brexit is an exercise in crazy English #Nationalism which will likely destroy UK with the pieces quickly moving back to the EU fold. The idea that even a hard Brexit will be more than a headache for EU is just another example of deluded Eng exceptionalism.
Do you think the Real was kidnapped by the EU Council and replaced? Is that the reason for the change of mind, because she said for the last 18 months, " #Brexit means Brexit, "we will leave the customs union and Single market".
The prime minister’s obsession with curbing migrant numbers ignores what voters really want, writes
Let’s play who’s at fault bingo a. The players b. The board c. Brexit d. Everyone and anyone except Mark Hughes. Who do you think Sparky will blame
William Wallace is that you??
The sovereignty has always been up for discussion for the last 300 years and will always be. The problem now for the UK is that when UK gets out of the EU, who is going to be backed by Europe? An european member or a country that has left? The #brexit is going to blow UK up
What is Labour's policy for Brexit?
The Justices of the U.K. Supreme Court have just wiped their high asses with Magna Carta... with one of the surviving four original copies.
Express says Spanish caved in over Gibralter, I wonder who is correct?!
She has played right into Putin’s hands.
UK nationals in EU. EU nationals in UK. Northern Irish. Gibraltarians. Financial sector. Service sector. Scientific research. Inward investment. Job security. It was apparently the 'will of the people' to sacrifice all of these (and more) on the altar of this pointless brexit.
With “Brexit” taking up all the headlines, go to Church to discover real Sovereignty - Feast of Christ the King 8am BCP Eucharist 10.30am Family Eucharist 6pm Evening Prayer
Despite Brexit
lol. they want uk money - be serious So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Even Forbes calls the WA “an appalling deal.” I hope you will vote against this, since you rightly campaigned for Remain. And I hope you will support a People’s Vote so that everyone can vote, reconsider or confirm. Consequences too great to deny public fair say.
is this the same as the " identity" issue taked abt as a Brexit raison d'etre/ divider?
He's got a private members bill coming out about working hours after #brexit, maybe we should get a MP to talk for 12 hours and blow his bill out of the water, I don't mean Margaret Hodge or Stella Creasy, I mean a Chris Williamson or Diane Abbott.
The latest A Level Government &amp; Politics! Thanks to #brexit #politics
South sea company...
Or this. Brexit twats. Drink up your shit. Own this. You horrible arseholes
Julie, UE is decaying. Brexit is only the first sign. Forget them and look ahead, future belongs to you!
What an absolute Cunt.
You're on the traitor list
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
Brexit Deal Bigger Threat Than Corbyn, Foster Tells Times
This is not true. The difference is that Labour wants a Customs Union with the EU to garantee frictionless trade which is important for many factories. #Brexit was for 80% inspired by racism. Also this is rejected by Labour except for who is a friend of Farrage
UK and EU agree draft declaration on Brexit deal
“The UK basically jumped into the ocean blindfold, and started paddling round in circles. It was almost like it expected the EU not just to say what Brexit should look like, but to devise a version of it that would suit Britain.” Taking back control, eh?
My employees are awesome. And they’re French. Fuck you Brexit
Everyone will take a pop at us. Shocked Cyprus hasn't asked for the Sovereign Bases back #Brexit
Dan, all we hear are negatives from you &amp; your ilk! We Brits created Industrial revolution, built the Concord, sailed the &amp; seas, controlled huge swathes of continents. Yet, you speak as if we are failures! How small of you! MGBGA!
At this moment in time do you think that would be in your favour,maybe we should put a Brexit PM and government in control before communism rule !
Nice to see citizens' rights up there, clearly TM's queue jumping speech had an impact on the EU...
Everyone is at fault for this Brexit. Except Brexiteers. Take some responsibility for your actions Banski
Brexit is a must not a want
Here's why the tiny peninsula of Gibraltar is having an outsized effect on Brexit | CBC Radio via
Understatement of the year award goes to....
PM May is shaming the UK w/her betrayal w/#Brexit surrender to EU a marxist global organization which was actually never ever elected by anyone. Theresa May is the worst PM ever in history of UK. Churchill's turning in his grave that after all UK has endured it is sold 4 nothing.
Stop the madness. #StopBrexit #PeopesVote
It’s all about perception, and the need for some of our brexit friends to play the victim card
As a motto for tomorrow, the words of Freddie Mercury, who passed away exactly 27 years ago: "I want to break free" .#Brexit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
No s@ Sherlock
When I first saw the meme I thought it was another tweet about Brexit.
2nd ref all the way. A change of government solves nothing especially while the labour leadership hold onto their lexit fantasy. Collapse brexit, Split the Tories apart then get rid of them.
Knighthood for Fabian
Not a chance. #TreasonMay is only tough on Brits Britain and #Brexit For our enemies she's an ally, a partner, a friend, a helping hand. #MayMustGo and take her #BetrayalAgreement with her or the Conservatives will fully deserve the electoral annihilation that awaits them.
#BREXITWEEK: TUSK Tells EU27 to OK DEAL - LIVE: Sunday's Special EU COUNCIL (Art. 50) - Streamed From 7.00-11:00am GMT (8.00-12:00am CET)
LIVE: May denies 'caving in' as Spain claims victory on Gibraltar
It's been the plan right from the start
Bravo to the Reuters editor for these last two paragraphs -Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
BBCNEWS 1:13pm PARIS FUEL PRICE PROTEST BREXIT SUMMIT
would you spend the evening with Gove and his various - assumedly unconventional - desires, if it stopped Brexit — even if it didn't
When's his knighthood? #Brexit
Try doing it in the most patriotic way possible screaming "BREXIT motherfuckers!" while at the same time downing a bottle of Jack Daniels
Brexit is a failure. A global Britain will fail.
May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar ahead of #Brexit summit
Hear hear.
As a motto for tomorrow, the words of Freddie Mercury, who passed away exactly 27 years ago: "I want to break free" .#Brexit
Brexit means phonographic
Saw this &amp; thought of your point:
May used Brexit to fulfil her personal &amp; evil ambition, she had no thought for people or country.
Couldn't stomach anymore Brexit / Trump / slagging off players so took it off me phone for a week
Face of Brexit- photo copied from Tami tweet
And the one to blame is not May, but Brexit itself.
Well I'd go for calling of brexit with 50,0001% and having the discussion then.
I wish someone had remembered to mention that Brexit was going to be terrible for the people of Northern Ireland and Gibraltar, then Nadine wouldn’t have to be all shocked and disappointed now. Why didn’t we say that. A lot. For more than two years?
Bishop of the Diocese in Europe, Robert Innes talks about Brexit
Donald Tusk tweets poignant Freddie Mercury lyrics ahead of crunch Brexit summit
why no coverage ? any comment #brexit #dup #eu
Brexiteer’s STERN message for MPs who FAILED to oust Theresa May before Brexit deal agreed
Dingy Brexit
He’s just a cynical liar! He comes across as a man of the people, but seems quite happy to facilitate a hugely destructive Brexit on this country! He is no better than May or Mogg. Personal ambition over national interest.
Theresa May's final #Brexit bargaining piece?
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th Hour Row With Spain
Beyond irony that #Brexit has turned into Pandoras box, the forces that were released are now threatening the British Union, so precious to nationalist Brextremists.
Rita Ora weighs in on vibrators, Kanye West, going teetotal and Bob Geldof's Brexit... as she hilariously turns agony aunt in cheeky chat
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics | The Guardian Well well well, what a surprise ........not.
You made Brexit then fcukd of,so dont comment,or come back.Tommy is welcome email me anyday ill enlighten you on the state of our NHS,Im not afraid to talk
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
More nonsense from 55 Tufton Street. I don't believe a word of this Russian inspired garbage. #brexitshambles #peoplesvote #FinalSay #Resistance #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Huge if true.
Why Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The U.K. via
May has never said no to any suggestion from the EU all she has said is Yes a total and utter capitulation by remainers May and Olly the Wally.
A government minister from Gibraltar has told the DUP conference that the British territory “will not fold” in the face of Spain’s Brexit demands
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Ok... so this is a little bit naughty of me... #Brexit #Supplyanddemand #wouldyou
Brexit will be fine twats like Campbell and maguire want it to fail. Doom mongers
lol...my thoughts exactly...English bloke passing himself off as a Romanian or something- post Brexit holiday thing
#Centrist (neoliberal) economic policies with low protection for native workers from govt create resentment, leading to nationalistic sentiment, xenophobia &amp; #racism. Centrists condemn this, rather than acknowledge culpability in incubating it, driving voters to FarRight. #Brexit
Truth was the first casualty of Brexit.
Thanks from 17.4 M of us.
"Our moral responsibility is not to stop future, but to shape it...to channel our destiny in humane directions and to ease the trauma of transition." ~ Alvin Toffler
Bare-faced lying masquerading as mature, sensible, centrism = #dodgyweedoogie Who is that he works for these days? Oh that's right, Bono and Pinsent Masons.
should be appalled by the feckless and hapless PM that is and where are all the real Conservatives that truly believe in Brexit? Couldn’t get 48 of them to stand in the way of this incompetent drip of a leader selling us down the river! Laughing stock!
Can someone explain Tory policy to Andrew, please? Maybe he thinks all the cuts to public services were initiated by the tooth fairy. #GTTO #ToryCutsKill #brexit #JC4PM
Both will collide with May's obsession about keeping out foreigners
Either that or she lied to the public for all this time. Either that or she was paid off somehow. The UK public have been betrayed. #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #BrexitBetrayed
And what are you going to do about this then Boris words mean nothing this country needs to action not words
for those who aren't already fans of I am telling you people, she is joyously good - this week and every week. Just sayin'
Leaving the EU is now just the will of MPs People have changed their mind They now want to remain Rory Stewart is advocating a dictatorship, by stopping the clock at 2016 to enact the will of him. Leave Voters, accept Brexit agreement: Yes: 30% No: 48% Ashcroft polls
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll
A very Brexit Christmas
1713 treaties the Peace of Utrecht, Spain and Gibraltar may decide the fate of #BREXIT ? — looking for recommendations
Brexit was always going to dissolve the Union of the U.K. Gibraltar, Northern Ireland and Scotland all voted to remain.
this is a very informative podcast.
Nigel IS UKIP. Nigel got us Brexit. Batten has done fuck all except make UKIP irrelevant
Finally some proper attention in just one of these most important issues. Please share and please encourage further rightful pressure and investigation - not part of the solution then part of the problem etc .....
And while I’m on the wave length of politics #Brexit needs to be stopped as well. Cos that’s not actually helping any little people, it’s just helping the wrinkly white bags of shit we call parliament line their fucking pockets or giving them more ways in which to do so.
Me: bloody Brexit, bloody hell Gibraltar, bloody... oh wait what’s this.... Follows the goal....
The latest The US Talk Network Post! Thanks to #politics #brexit
why no coverage ? any comment #brexit #dup #eu
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Brexit needs to happen for the positive sake of Europe and Europeans . Once this happens a cascading effect of true democracy happen, a recalibration of democracy equality will have to happen for society to survive and the old guard will need to concede. Brexit will emancipate
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal #Brexit
What you need to know about the crucial EU Brexit summit | European leaders will meet in Brussels on Sunday where they could rubber stamp two Brexit texts. |
How much do you stand to profit personally from the hard brexit you desire Peter? What will your profit be on a 10% crash on sterling?
sop press- just heard Wales and Cornwall want to get off too.... #brexitdeal
Virtually all nations subsidie farming. It's about food security. We did so before we joined the EEC and we'll continue to do so after Brexit.
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
BBC News - #Brexit #deal 'better than staying in EU', says Philip Hammond
No, we can do all our changing now before we hit that brexit brick wall.
a Brexit for the uk with a fully developed world class ***A standard industries, and has the power to protect itself from invasion or otherwise, is possible....But for the Australians, A Brexit in terms of a republican popular vote, can be absolutely CATASTROPHIC, #perilsofLabour
As someone who supports Brexit and the referendum result, I condemn this too. Post Brexit we need to protect the rights of EU and none EU citizens and families.
'The government is expected to deploy Sir James Eadie QC – the star barrister who led the unsuccessful battle for the government to trigger Article 50 without parliament’s consent – in a sign of the case’s importance.' gvt send in serial loser to act for them.
Good night, #Brexit
And that’s called ‘democracy’: Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - BBC News
Yes ‘Stand by’ as another part of U.K. territory is given away because she and Olly Robbins are Remainers and have never wanted #Brexit
'UK is a colony!' What the EU REALLY thinks? Shock BBC outburst reveals Brexit 'defeat' EU Draw It Up He had earlier said: "The British have no cards in their hands. Britain failed in its attempt to divide and conquer. The EU drew up this agreement."
Amen to that.
Haven't you heard nobody can predict the future? And of those who try, nobody's got a convincing economic argument for Brexit. (People who want Brexit anyway attempt to justify it with their unconvincing ones.)
Nothing to gain and everything to lose with #Brexit!
But you think everything would be better after the brexit? It's a lot of abracadabra for me.
Those journalists if they legitimised the likes of Farage can shove their remorse and instead be held accountable for the shitshow we’re living through
France preparing additional sea ports for Irish freight traffic after Brexit
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
Brexit means Brexit. No deal is better than a bad deal. We are leaving the EU, CU &amp; SM. We are taking back control of our money, laws and borders. I am proud that Gibraltar is British. #MotherhoodMayisms
The moment the bargained off Gibraltar as a cheap poker piece to get through a sham Brexit deal. This will be remembered in infamy.
Lies.
Nigel wants brexit to last for ever. If we leave Nigel has no job in EU would be pointless having him on LBC FOX etc.
"alleged post-EU price rises". Standard. We haven't even left yet. Where's the European fruit gone?
Hain is the pain in Spain. What is wrong with the man? Anyone would think he's on commission. He always pops up at any opportunity to stick his oar in.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Well...#bbcqt was all #Brexit by all accounts on Friday. Nothing else is happening. The problem is its political analysts speculating -no definite information. And May gave a phone-in on LBC mid week and on the BBC yesterday and talked but said nothing.
FCA prepares for no deal Brexit - Insurance Age
Brexit Deal Bigger Threat Than Corbyn, Foster Tells Times
DUP leader Arlene Foster has told RTÉ News that if British Prime Minister Theresa May wants the DUP's continued support, it means removing the Irish backstop from the Withdrawal Agreement.
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU By Fox News
There will be no indyref 2. If Brexit is bad, why on earth would we vote for the disaster that dragging Scotland out of the UK would be.
Really don't see how the judges can rule anything other than 'It is not the place of the courts to interfere in politics'
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May’s ‘pitiful’ Brexit deal
BREAKING: #EURef could be voided by Xmas.
Bombardier - we pay in - and get nothing back They need Brexit to hide the deception Yes Max we'll be eating Dormice
Why couldn't some back bencher stand up and stop article 50, or Brexit … that place needs a thorough rehaul of procedure.
If the far-right takes control, it will be the English reverting to their natural fascist state. Scotland &amp; Northern Ireland didn't vote for the nasty nazi Brexit, we'll be out - let the English flush their own nation down the sewer for Putin.
What a complete calamity #Brexit has been for our nation.
No clearly back benchers Johnson and Rees Mogg are? Sturgeon is the best opposition to May if you don't include Mays own party. Yes brexit is really going that well - the government are prepared to vote down themselves than admit brexit was never going to be good for the UK
The French government being much MUCH more classy than ours. Well done France.
They've no need to. All that needs to happen is No Deal. Any MP who is against Brexit now only needs the excuse of No Deal to vote it in to oblivion.
BBC News - #Brexit: Donald #Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
I can see her doing odi dance just by looking at this
Simple then no deal Brexit then #WeWantOutTheEU
She doesn't want to know what we think, though. She just wants us to fall in line, having dismissed and demonised us for the last two and a half years. Not my Brexit deal Theresa!
Done.
Halligan went on Irish TV, to discuss Brexit. There was a ' gasp' from the crowd when he( not sure who gave him the right) suggested a significant element from Ireland disliked the EU. A plain lie. He also suggested Mayo was on the border. People laughed. ( at him?)Is he a comic?
Rather than divide and conquer the EU, Britain has shown how isolated it always was, an island nation that never embraced the European integration project and at best misread its own importance to it
I want to break free, I think ?
Words sometimes can fail anyone. Johnson 'electrifying' the DUP conference. Another pair of opportunistic numpty politicians who know SFA about Ireland NI or the recent history. Bloviating &amp; cynically bullshitting..
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
Well done. But is handing out knighthoods. I’d have held out for Dame Christina Burt but unlikely given you have to accept her Brexit with no #PeoplesVote to get one. Keep your integrity. Unlike our erstwhile MP.
With 100% certainty whatever she says, she'll think and do the opposite but then tell you that's what she meant all along. Resign. #Brexit
Yeah how dare you come to this country and contribute to our society for more than 11 months, this woman is a bigot.
A better line to take: 17.4 million people voted to ignore the impact of Brexit on Gibraltar. WHAT DID YOU THINK WAS GOING TO HAPPEN?
Brexit. "Friends will be friends, right till the end"
Maize imports and no-deal Brexit worries undermine wheat price
Russia had nothing to do with Brexit where do you get your info from
Thank God for the #DUP and #ITALY. Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
"What happened to Sovereignty?" "Politics is about honouring your word." #NoDealNoProblem #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit #LeaveEU #LabourLeave We must leave the Customs Union to avoid Hotel California and the Turkey trap.
The prettiest deal in human history...for the EU. Finally, they are shut of us - it will be very difficult for the UK to return. The UK will have to watch from the sidelines and hope the huge EU, packed with customers, will throw a few crusts the UK’s way.
Try standing by the 17.4m that voted for a proper Brexit!
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - BBC News
Were your judges managing brexit negotiations by any chance?
Because is closet Brexiteer; wants Brexit. No true Remainer changes so quickly + studies show correlation between CoE and Brexit. Also check her voting record on EU! As cabinet member, she had to vote “Remain” in 2016; but how did she REALLY vote?
Theresa the Appeaser
#BREXITWEEK: TUSK Tells EU27 to OK DEAL - LIVE: Sunday's Special EU COUNCIL (Art. 50) - Streamed From 7.00-11:00am GMT (8.00-12:00am CET)
Definitely not a great time for closing any life-changing deals. So with that in mind I propose Brexit is cancelled.
Watch: Boris Johnson backs DUP in demanding #Brexit backstop is scrapped
BOJO TELLS DUP THAT EU IS USING NORTHERN IRELAND AS 'BARGAINING CHIP' Boris Johnson has told the Democratic Unionist Party conference the EU is using Northern Ireland as a "bargaining chip" in the Brexit talks.
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! (Video). -
I’m happy with the divorce deal given the circumstances. - could have been a lot worse. My concern is the vagueness of the political declaration. In many ways this will be a “no deal” Brexit
Oh look at this article
Dan, you appear an expert on COBRA, we mortals don't get them memos so you are listed on the memos under 'CC' 'wanker who posts shit on twitter' LOL - of course the Govt always copies COBRA memos to wankers on twitter
Does Theresa May’s Brexit deal include Jose Mourinho leaving Man Utd ..........? I hope so FFS !!
Check out this site;
Hi Clive. When are the Labour front bench going to do some opposing and resist Brexit? The WA is a shambles and if it’s voted down the next legal trigger is leaving in March with no deal. That’s a catastrophe. What are you going to do? Don’t say GE.
The latest The Finns Daily! #brexit #job
Well hopefully the abomination of a capitulation will be kicked out by the HoC,with Labour voting against. The establishment will not allow a no deal. Tories are f****d either way &amp; a Labour goverment would go for a customs union or Brexit f****d also.
I'm sure most of us now wish that the Reverend Brasier had been wearing one back in the '50s.
I swear the Brexit negotiations have been significantly quicker than this driver changeover on the 253 at Stamford Hill.
'I am in the house all are under no circumstances allowed to be in the house during the day. Even though you will pay the same rent as me.' (This chick probably advised the Europeans on negotiating our brexit deal)
#Brexit Debate begs Review &amp;Revision of likely Anglo-centric London-centrism! I ask to ponder, pls: A) Is UK a union of 4 nations OR 3-provinces &amp;one "country"? B) Points/Qs in tweet/pics (below) with . .
Rumour: The Royal British Legion will be renamed to French Foreign Legion (UK) after Theresa May's Brexit deal has been signed.
'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at #Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to #EU ANN Widdecombe claimed she was “ashamed” of how the UK Government has handled Brexit negotiations with the European Union and run up the “white flag” at...
We all know that Varadkar is being used by the EU to stop or undermine Brexit. I feel sorry for the Irish people who have voted for this PM. Not good.
How do you look at the history between Britain and Ireland and conclude that Ireland owes it to us to be nice?
Hopefully all MPs give the vote this level of intelligent consideration.
I it’s your Brexit, own it.
It's Brexit, people don't matter at all; just ask the Brits in the Eu or the Eu citizens in the UK.
When that PMs policies are country destroying then someone has to fight for the people as few MSM or journalists will, what Brexit has shown is very few true Tory’s fighting for the people &amp; country those who do are vilified, Remainers look at EU objectively
And the fact brexit doesn't exist.
with net immigration running equal to a large city each year where are the new hospitals , schools , houses &amp; roads &amp; who’s going to pay for them ?
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
The former secretary of state thinks Europe needs to “get a handle” on immigration reform in order to fend off another Brexit. via
I entirely agree.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent. Excellent. #BrexitGate #BrexitShambles
I'm shocked it's claimed to be anywhere near as high as 26% &amp; expect support for May's Brexit 'deal' to plummet in the lead up to the Commons vote. And on that day, I wouldn't be at all surprised to hear cries in Westminster that right across Britain the beacons are lit
I don't trust Corbyn because I don't trust anyone that refuses to protest to protect themselves when vulnerable people are clearly at risk, as with Brexit. I trust those who have the guts to stand up against Brexit - Soubry, CHuka, Adonis,
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
I can't help being reminded of the groundhog in the film Groundhog Day when I look at this picture of May. We seem to be living in groundhog world in the UK, constantly hearing the same mantra from May and her cronies. STOP BREXIT before it's too late.
Current polls suggest people don’t want us to leave EU. Everybody take note. #brexit
'That's a DREAM!' Tim Martin ridicules Pimlico Plumbers boss over second Brexit vote -
Jack Marriott could finish brexit #dcfc
Did you vote leave for brexit — I promise it was an accident. I just asked for food. They misunderstood breakfast for brexit
He’s hot.
Brexit, like Communism, is a great idea, and it would work perfectly if only they let *me* implement it.
EU set to agree #Brexit deal but will it get through the UK Parliament?
Oh look, 27 nations working together, one for all and all for one, works better than one falling on it's little own. Well done #BrexitLeaders, you did this You were warned, now we need #PeoplesVote to escape from you
Lets defeat Brexit and make this happen -:)
Who is carrying out hands-on monitoring and overseeing of what the incompetent Theresa May is agreeing to in her negotiations with the EU on behalf of the UK?
What. ...help the empire? Help the mighty Grear Britain? Help "They need us more than we need them" UK? What a joke! Brexit blame game is scraping the barrel.
I’m hoping to sneak into the talks tomorrow to insert a couple of lines in the document giving me a 99 year lease of Lundy Island and all the puffins I can eat
Hmm. I don't remember voting on 'should we get Gibraltar involved?' when we voted for #Brexit. Theresa May, you are the worst PM since... well, David Cameron. #Remain #Remainers #PeoplesVote
Brexit is really a great success for British politicians. Congrats!
All I see is meltdowns over brexit and it’s a month away until Christmas Day... I guess Christmas spirit has vanished
Depend how RoW see UK prospects for earnings , economic growth , interest rates . Supply /demand for GBP. RoW think our prospects have been damaged by brexit so GBP will likely stay unwanted and under pressure.
This was never written on the side of the bus! We weren’t given all the facts! People’s vote now!
May Appeals to Voters as Gibraltar Spat Drags on: Brexit Update
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
Sigh..... momentum accross the globe has been away from big amalgamated national constructs and towards individual smaller nation states. Brexit is a logical step in that evolution.
Sorry to say I have lost faith in you and your spineless fellow Tory Mp’s to think you are allowing the PM to ignore 17.4 million people in the betrayal of Brexit. #shameonthetoryparty I will not shed one tear when the party is finished for decades.
With Ken on this. There is no way anyone honest and intelligent could have taken the Brexit project forward.
‘Mr Banks could be given a two-year prison sentence if he is found to have “knowingly concealed” that an Isle of Man company was the source of up to £8m for – which would have been outlawed as a foreign donation.’
if under WTO we need time to deliver trade agreements why dont we extend the transition period to say 4 years, and put our resorces into negotiating other trade deals rather than giving away long term rights to laws and fishing which are peanut in the lomg term ? #brexit
Extraordinary! Britain in effect has cut Gibraltar loose. Brexit will mean co-sharing its sovereignty with Spain. Poor poor Britain. Our economic and political standing is set to plummet as the Brexit vandals vie for Tory leadership.
#VassalState No one is buying the no deal cliff. Who in their right mind would support a blindfold Brexit.
Theresa May accused of "major cover-up" over Brexit donor Arron Banks | openDemocracy
Spain has dropped its threat to boycott tomorrow's #Brexit summit as Theresa May took part in talks in #Brussels today.
TV debate. May v Corbyn. Bring it on.
Whatever we might wish, there's no route to a different Government - because the Tories won't back a no-confidence motion - before the end of March. That's why everyone who knows #Brexit would be a disaster must focus on the only practical way of stopping it: the #PeoplesVote.
this was fantastic please keep making the case.... please listen and work with this before our party destroys itself like the #90s and oppose #Brexiteers no deal crash out argument/ model
This just gets more interesting everyday. Roll on Brexit.
This is really heartening and shaming in equal measure. If only our Government would show such magnanimity towards those who’ve chosen the UK as their home.
There is no other deal. Not a single leaver has proposed a better option. Reality calling. Brexit is total nonsense sold to you by tax evading billionaires.
Merkel: Budget shortfall from Brexit to challenge EU
's logic fails me. We should be careful wishing for a #PeoplesVote even though we dislike #Brexit, the deal on offer or no deal, as the PV might confirm that, faced with these options and the knowledge of 2016 lies, people still want to leave. How are we worse off?
It all makes sense now
It’s beginning to feel a lot like Christmas
Boris Johnson woos DUP with call to 'junk' Brexit backstop
tell them to shove it up their arse and come home #BrexitAgreement
Justice under your government. Disgraceful. Let’s hope Brexit brings your house crashing down.
Bob have you been offered a knighthood as well or you enjoy betraying the British Public with your PM May, this is not Brexit in any shape and the leaver voters are not buying the bullshit the Conservative party is saying we don't trust you lot. May has to go. #MayMustGo
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #BBCBreakfast #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit
Theresa, Today you embarrassed British sovereignty. I backed you and Brexit. Now I would say NO DEAL or REMAIN. I’m devastated.
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
It’s because she’s is closet Brexiteer; wants Brexit. No true Remainer changes so quickly + studies show correlation between CoE and Brexit. Also check her voting record on EU! As cabinet member, she had to vote “Remain” in 2016; but how did she REALLY vote?
The most important sentence here is ‘No one has reasons to be happy’ with this #Brexit being agreed tomorrow! Why in hell’s name are we doing this then? #StopBrexitSaveBritain we do not want to leave the
I've never met anyone who watches Casualty yet it is on every week #Brexit
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
The status quo ante is restored. Spain always had the veto any of the EU27 had in terms of future trade deals. Spain always had all the cards vis-à-vis our relationship with the EU, but she doesn’t have them in respect of sovereignty. Brexit was shit to start with, lest we forget
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
#Gibraltar #deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
It’s all politics. Lib Dems hate it because they hate #brexit; Labour hate it because they hate the Tories.
BIN THIS BREXIT! DUP tells Theresa May to scrap deal in eleventh hour intervention
Ok mate. I’ll try and keep him at bay. He’s currently painting his “Brexit means exit” sign and he’s said “I’ve got to concentrate when I paint Johnny Foreigner” so he won’t be piping up for a while m
And so the UK surrenders the control it pledged to take back via Was this the #Brexit you were hoping for? We can only hope the get endoresed and we can put this shameful episode behind us. #PeoplesVote
Brexit news: EU in for 'MASSIVE problem' if they force no deal Brexit on Britain | UK | News |
this man has been steering Brexit. the greatest moment in modern British democracy steered by people who hated it. The Tories snuffed out the spirit and strangled it to death
#Brexit Debate begs Review &amp;Revision of likely Anglo-centric London-centrism! I ask to ponder, pls: A) Is UK a union of 4 nations OR 3-provinces &amp;one "country"? B) Points/Qs in tweet/pics (below) with .
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Get rid of this weak &amp; wobbly prime minister, before she sells Britain for peanuts.
You’re not alone what need to wake up to is that they will not win a GE while led by dyed in the wool #brexiteer incompetent who is betraying the core #labour value of protecting jobs &amp; workplace rights by facilitating #brexit which will destroy both
You’re making 3 separate points, so I’ll answer them separately: 1/Brexit won’t negatively affect Gibraltar; 2/Brexit won’t negatively affect Gibraltar; 3/Marxists give away territory. (I’ll ignore the standard “Corbyn is a mega-Communist” drivel)
No Brexit please. #BrexitShambles #Gibraltar
Have a General Election. Kick the Tories out:
It quite literally means nothing. We always had sovereignty. Parliament has always been sovereign. It’s the first line in the governments own white paper on brexit.
now is the crucial time I suppose. Do we allow ourselves to be conned by the EU into a fake Brexit or not?
I know the majority of people don't want Brexit. It significantly weakens Great Britain. A second referendum is the only solution.
I agree completely. She thinks ending freedom of movement is a magnificent thing. Shameful woman.
Really? Have you listened to this...
Giving away a British territory - albeit overseas one - just to get Brexit through...is it really worth it? #Gibraltar
If only the Brexit negotiations could be carried out with such dignity and aplomb,we could at least look at ourselves in the years ahead and say we have lost everything but we had panache in doing so
#Brexit summit gets green light after 11th-hour diplomatic haggling sees Spain brought on board… #News #Politics
#Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote 'void' as early as Christmas after Arron Banks… #News #Politics
Peston: ‘For the first time it feels like Brexit will be stopped’
The tosser's last stand
Friends don't let their friends wear Speedos but all they can do is say they look silly. We're not going to actually take your Brexit Speedos, UK. But they look silly.
Brexiteer fury as Theresa May grants knighthood ahead of crucial vote
Tereason May holding up the EU president, and smirking at his old coloured shoes.
Mourinho is full of so much shit he should be in Westminster. He’d be telling us that he has 3 brexit deals on the table’
if under WTO we need time to deliver trade agreements why dont we extend the transition period to say 4 years, and put our resorces into negotiating other trade deals rather than giving away long term rights to laws and fishing which are peanuts in the short term ? #brexit
So generally not pro remain but some form of Brexit negotiation ticket, yes?
I think it’s scheduled in for 2 weeks after hell freezes over. Or if it’s still not finished then, when #Brexit is judged widely viewed to be a success. #peoplesvote #stopbrexit
#Belgium #BREXIT #Normandy Normandie
The option is now Labour policy. Fig’s of polls are not credible, look at the detail, the momentum one needed 4000 signatures to support a survey (all stop Brexit supporters) only 6000 took part, others only 200 ppl in a constituency. CLP motions do not reflect the membership.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
If Chequers brexit is the end option, UK is in uncharted bad territory I would vote Corbin to avoid and give time to shake it up for a centrist party to rise up—- For reference I abhor Corbin and his Momentum Labour Party
Will Corbyn have the bottle to accept? Will May have the bottle to issue the challenge?
It’s ridiculous. Brexiteers will vote against May’s terrible Brexit deal. The only danger of it passing is from Remainers like Matt Hancock who think democracy ended in June 2016.
The balance is tilting. #brexit
Stupid tweet, typical of Bloomberg. We just happen to be the 5th highest economy in this world.Are language is spoken by over half the worlds population We happen to be the greatest country in the world . BAR NONE. So listen look and learn next few weeks
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
He is very trusting... I am not
HEAR... HEAR...
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Hannan confirms that he rates No Deal *and* No Brexit ahead of May's deal, and is astonished it has come to this. Also notices May's deal is aimed solely at ending free movement.
The latest Surveying Daily London! #rics #brexit
#BREXITWEEK: TUSK Tells EU27 to OK DEAL - LIVE: Sunday's Special EU COUNCIL (Art. 50) - Streamed From 7.00-11:00am GMT (8.00-12:00am CET)
next we'll be all exposed to Hungarian Silly Walks........is this why Brexit makes so sense to the UK?
20:29 on a Saturday night?
Two, four, six, eight, now is the time to capitulate.
Ignoring the fact the vote was advisory, article 50 was triggered, that enacted the referendum. Now it's clear brexit as promised will not be delivered. Surely going ahead with something virtually no one voted for is undemocratic. What is your view on May's deal?
Virtually all nations subsidise farming. It's about food security. Also, the farm lobby is predominantly Tory supporting. Do you really think the Govt they're going to shaft them? We subsidised farming before we joined the EEC and we'll continue to do so after Brexit.
Gibraltar is a fantastic place i hope the fuck up of brexit wont destabilise them
I agree. Let’s stay - pretend Brexit never happened.
I don't know about Pandora's box but Brexit has made the crazy people come out to play.
Brexit
I suggest we hand out these new Blue passports to each and everyone. We are going to need their sort of grit and determination to keep this island afloat. #Brexit
Makes her someone whose lack of intellect would normally bar her from getting the media airtime she does. But hey, we’re now living in Brexit Britain where a whiff of fascism is all around.
Big business admits Brexit agreement is ‘not a good deal’ None of Britain’s big business groups describe Theresa May’s Brexit agreement as a “good deal” — undermining Downing Street’s hopes that the corporate sector would help sell the compromise via
Outstanding result Ceredigion!
Business leaders say Theresa May’s Brexit plans are ‘not a good deal’ in leaked emails
Gosh, sense at last!
I’d have been content to consolidate a Brexit position with an EEA/efta deal if it had brought Remain along with it. If they aren’t interested in that then, with the democratic mandate in the previous Peopke’s Vote, it will have to be a #CleanBrexit.
Just in case... on the Brexit deal: "The United Kingdom has not let us down. Theresa May has not let us down. She has stood firm. We have stood firm."
May's deal: 'once the Article 50 deadline is past, the Withdrawal Agreement would lock the U.K. into “frozen Brexit,” with the EU holding the keys to the freezer."
its so we go straight back in
Andrew Gwynne MP Verified account She’s probably given the Spanish Prime Minister a Knighthood too! Via - Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Well principled man, wrote two letters one supporting Brexit one supporting remain.. probably sent the Brexit one by mistake.
Their failure to be honest has produced the gravest political crisis since WWII. It has spread from the tight group around the TaxPayers’ Alliance &amp; Vote Leave to infect both left and right, which, even at this late stage, cannot level with the electorate.
#Spain has claimed a major diplomatic coup after forcing Theresa May into giving written confirmation of their ‘veto’ over #Gibraltar being covered by post-#Brexit...
hardly a surprise.. given that this deal *isn't* brexit by any standard.
EU = the winning German 4th Reich Hitler knew in 1944, 3rd Reich was finished thus created new plans to conquer Europe by Finance € (Euro)! BREXIT IS LAST CHANCE SALOON TO STOP GERMANY! No Remainer can make a 'cast iron' case to stay in EU, based on confirmed/resourced facts!
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor AND ITS DELIBERATE
Too busy writing 26 pages of waffle for the Brexit debacle.
Yes, as I said, trade deals help set tarrifs. So those asprin might be imported under WTO rules and cost the NHS or patient a lot more. Here's a good article. I think the main point is that this is all so unnecessary and potentially hugely damaging
Theresa May’s Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself via
Does anyone know what the likely prospects of this case are?
I agree 100 percent! Most of the socialists I know really do care about people, they don't just see them as political chess pieces to be manipulated
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’ - spiked
Both Britain and public service would witness a great loss
Did you vote leave for fishing rights..........well its not going to be any different than now, the quotas were sold to the highest bidder and the rich own the fishing rights and still will even if brexit goes ahead.
He didn't know where it was...
The world is in utta dispare abd it's about to get worse with brexit about to collapse the world financial system are you truly ready have u planted food for your family so they can eat
Another feeding time in the Brexit-hating monkey house. Another Guardian Unleash-Hyde-Crapload-of-Labored "satire" drivel from eh, Hyde. Yes, I'm a Russian troll.
Federal Europe? Right now we’re facing Brexit. The country which led most liberal democratic &amp; industrial or scientific progress in Europe is divorcing the European Union. But Andrew Duff is apparently supporting both May’s WA &amp; Spinelli’s dream? Welcome to Cambridge’s full moon?
Another u-turn most likely. #scotref #indyref2 #independence #stillyes #dissolvetheunion. LIVE: May denies 'caving in' as Spain claims victory on Gibraltar
They’re admirably honest and clear about everything except Brexit.
Any MP that votes for it will ultimately be held responsible for the loss of Gibraltar to Spain, the reunification of Ireland &amp; for precipitating an independent Scotland &amp; they need to think very hard as to how they will explain all that to their electorate come the next GE,
Àsk her go to her consturnts and vote on it.
Crocodile Dundee: That's not Brexit! &gt; May is overthrown and Boris Johnson &amp; Rees-Mogg take over. Crocodile Dundee: There - that's Brexit!
Worth remembering re #Brexit
I agree completely and have written very similar elsewhere, even though I personally had it difficult not being an EU-citizen. But Labour/Corbyn have been duplicitious, self-important, undemocratic and utterly disgraceful about Brexit + will go in history as the REAL failure.
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Absolutely, they're our waters, we've no obligations to give them away? We should not sign up to the globalists immigration compact either. it'll destroy our nation, inc what ever you have, Plus why should we tolerate it, we're not consulted on it? We live here, it's our home!
NOTHING has been achieved, Brexit is costing the UK everything!
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Excellent article! We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
Ireland are not our friends never have been.
I must say that being the 'National' party kind of leaves the SNP open to misinterpretation by eejits, perhaps the name should be changed to the Scottish People's Party..... (sorry).
Brexit is your fault not Leo's, not #remainers yours and your extremist #brexiter friends
Government accused of massaging immigration statistics in run up to Brexit vote
Because is closet Brexiteer; wants Brexit. No true Remainer changes so quickly + studies show correlation between CoE and Brexit. Also check her voting record on EU! As cabinet member, she had to vote “Remain” in 2016; but how did she REALLY vote?
Every proposed U.K. deal for Brexit is, by definition, worse than the EU deal we already have.
Last Minute Flash Sale: Isle of Wight please contact offer her anything and she will accept it #Brexit #BrexitDeal #Gibraltar
MSNBC 1:19pm HILLARY CLINTON TO THE GUARDIAN: EUROPE NEEDS TOUGHER. APPROACH TO PHENOMENON THAT FUELED TRUMP &amp; BREXIT NATIONAL BAR...
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
80 knighthoods or peerages coming up.
'Turkey Trap': Foreign Secretary Blasted May's Brexit Deal via
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! via
Ah Tess. Sucking up to the Spanish. How low can you limbo? Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit via
Hay Sam yeah her deal ant getting though the commons I just hope after that she don't try stop Brexit altogether. The sooner MayBot goes the better.
So True ...
True, just mean in a GE May would get the triumphalist Brexit vote because she's actually trying to advocate her policies. Labour's wait and see Brexit approach isn't working.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
BIT EARLY to carp. This chaos is paralysing the government. That's good for #Britain and #BREXIT Remember, if they can't work out a deal that passes the Commons and Lords, present Withdrawal ACT drops UK out of EU like a stone. More chaos - more likely #NoDeal Brexit is...
EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
is Theresa May copping off with Kermit the frog here? #brexit #TheresaMay
Dear God! First Abbott, now I’m even agreeing with Adonis on something! Our world is truly upside down. This goes from bad to worse. Canada+++ or No Deal.
Please do something about Brexit it is breaking our hearts - stop the ngo's doing such illegal things We might have a chance to change our minds - IF Mrs Mercel stops the illegals coming into the EU
We never voted to join a political union we voted to join the common market it was politicians that signed us up for this nonsense
If you thought Brexit was a clusterfeck then you haven't seen the Strictly's Lindyhopathon and the announcement of the results.
While Britain goes low, France goes high #Brexit #Brexitchaos #shambles
This is France today ref their Fuel Taxes increases! ! What will it be like here, if Brexit isn't delivered to the People???? You Must Resign . .
Are you having a stripey Brexit beer celebration?
"pretend aristocrat Jacob Rees-Mogg, a sort of Talentless Mr Ripley". Gotta love - she and are the only things that keep me sane at present.
EU gives Spain reassurances over Gibraltar in Brexit deal: document
So what happens when the Spanish block a trade deal with us post-#Brexit and we can't escape from the Customs Union, because the EU can REFUSE US PERMISSION?
one of v few MPs who understand this the others? Ken Clark
May would sell her grandma to stay in power
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
I do wonder about her mental health. I don't wish to believe she is evil. #Brexit #TreasonMay
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’ - spiked
She probably can, but I can't really see why she would want to. Last week, a column in the Telegraph argued she should walk away and leave her critics to it. That sounds a good idea to me: let them be the ones to make the compromises and admit their ideal Brexit isn't possible.
I should have called this Brexit or over-confidence when writing! #WritersLife I play roulette and never lose, the ball is molten steel Yes I know the stakes are hell But I do it for the thrill
DEEDS NOT WORDS! Go
You're right, as the architect of the Single Market, she'd never have got into this Brexit mess in the first place. Also, there was no GFA in place when she was PM so, you know, false comparisons and all that...
CONFUSED BY FACTS Concerning those who, without any real reason other than their feelings about things, voted for Brexit or Trump, it seems that their mind is literally 'made-up' and they don't wish to be confused by facts
I agree with nothing Lord Adonis says but I agree with him on this. May’s ‘deal’ is the biggest humiliation of a nation imaginable. #Brexit
Of course. And the next step, when the vote of no confidence in the Government fails - as it will, sadly - is to immediately join the cross-party alliance for a #PeoplesVote. It really isn't difficult to understand - unless you actually want the job-destroying horror of #Brexit?
All brexiteers need to Own It! It’s theirs. All of it. They knew what they were voting for as we’ve been told numerius times. This is your Brexit....Have it! #ownit
you’re very vocal about what you’re doing, but please make that more meaningful. Jeremy Corbyn is not leading and we don’t have an opposition at a crucial time. Leadership could cancel Brexit, in line with the will of the people.
A Brexit that satisfies all Brexiters, let alone the whole of the country, is utterly undeliverable. I'll conceived and a dereliction of democracy
"Hundreds of millions of pounds’ worth of European money have gone into the town in the past few decades", he says. “If you told local people they’d be staggered". No one told them?!
Theresa May has poisoned Brexit with her deal. Get rid of the poisoner, clean out the poison. Time for a Leave Leader who is excited to bring the country out of the EU with a #WTOBrexit. Please act et al. Inspire Britain
As well as taking Northern Ireland out of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in her #Brexit surrender, has also taken the Great out of Great Britain. Make Britain Great again and #GetMayOut.
Not just Gibraltar that Brexit affects Falklands depend on selling fish into EU &amp; all UK overseas citizens lose their freedom of movement in 31 countries #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #politics #PeoplesVote #VeniceConvention #SNP
Theresa May has sacrificed Gibraltar on the “altar” of “Gibr” (Grand indifferent Brexit result) #satire #nowshow
The South-East caused Brexit
If you’re an Economist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Markets have woken up to Brexit. Will they also play a role? | Nils Pratley
This is what you voted for. It is the logical consequence of #Brexit. This is what the tabloids as wanted to happen. This is what politicians of and forget to tell their voters. This is one of 5600 unforeseen consequences of Brexit. #PeoplesVote
And she's paid the EU £40bn so they can fuck us even harder. Nothing short of traitorous!
you know it! #IAmTommy #WeBackBatten
Cost of brexit so far, Ireland, Scotland, Gibraltar, I assume it will be the Falklands next, at least we will still have Wales...
“On Brexit the DUP set its face against the wishes of the majority of the people of the north who voted to remain in the EU. The DUP is continuing to show a blatant disregard for the needs &amp; interests of our economy, our business, community and agri-food sectors”
Diplomats puzzled at Theresa May’s Brussels visit
#BREXITWEEK: TUSK Tells EU27 to OK DEAL - LIVE: Sunday's Special EU COUNCIL (Art. 50) - Streamed From 7.00-11:00am GMT (8.00-12:00am CET)
The Brexit deal explained. The PM gave into the majority of EU demands to secure an 18 month transition period equivalent to remaining in the EU. After the 18 months we are in a similar position we are in now, hoping the EU agree to a free trade deal or a WTO Brexit. #BrexitDeal
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
It will be an important historical time as leaving the EU will be the biggest mistake this country will ever make. We will look back at this and see it for what is it: crazy self destruction. Brexit is set to be totally catastrophic. We are already seeing the negative effects.
"If May's deal fails, then the options are still no-deal Brexit, or no Brexit. The Government has no mandate for either, and nor does either option command a majority in Parliament. All roads seem now to lead to either a GE, or a second referendum."
Remember WWI and WWII. Didn’t work then, won’t work now.
Why the f**k should Ireland give the UK it’s help and goodwill?
Gulp... via
Wouldn’t that be great if Italy did veto this EU/U.K. Draft Agreement . The Appeaser has surrendered to the EU. This country didn’t surrender in Two world wars but she has made our country a laughing stock. She must be made to pay.
Uk? She's using the country of Scotland and it's assets to negotiate brexit....
she will cut Northern Ireland next who is she to give away the sovereinty of Gibraltar, she thinks she has more power than the Monarchy, she is getting rid of Gibraltar for her own vanity because she has messed up big time.. time it was stopped.
The fire starter rat runs away, the disaster capitalist intent on destroying Britain is a #RemainerNow
The latest The Daily Plebeian! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
There is no understanding from them that leaving the CU means a collapse in the economy. We at least have to be in there. Just being part of the SM means a reduction of growth &amp; retardation of the economy. Still these people claim Brexit is for the best for the UK.
UK still going strong despite Brexit
That’s why Spain is claiming victory tonight.
Is Theresa May the best person to secure the most positive Brexit deal for Britain?
Until recently I drove a taxi in a North Yorkshire fishing town; holiday resort and marginal; overheard a lot of very cross northern Tories, splenetic about #Brexit shambles and very dismissive of .
The whole country is ashamed, you're not alone! ANN Widdecombe claimed she was “ashamed” of how the UK Government has handled Brexit negotiations with the European Union and run up the “white flag” at virtually every opportunity.
"I was living the quiet life, watching the traffic and the sheep go by and then Brexit came along and I listened to people dismissing my importance. I could see the danger coming in the distance ..." A kindred spirit.
Tell it bro
The only mandate was for Brexit regardless of whether there is a deal.
The Washington Post: Theresa May’s Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself. via
's logic fails me. We should be careful wishing for a #PeoplesVote even though we dislike #Brexit, the deal on offer or no deal, as the PV might confirm that, faced with these options and the knowledge of 2016 lies, people still want to leave. How are we worse off?
I believe that Theresa May doesn't believe thst Brexit will happen so she can agree to any old deal, in fact that plays perfectly into her plan.
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
The new Brexit 50 pence coin /od Grumpy Old Folk z FB/
Spain says the Framework is “highly positive for Spain... and most important since Treaty of Utrecht” . Gibraltar is now subject to Spanish veto. You can polish this with words; reality is this isn’t what people voted for with Brexit.
Mr Batten has my £ and full support. #UKIP should stand firm on all issues but not be sidetracked. Courageous Tommy Robinson has learned useful wisdom. Batten said this is about saving our Brexit. Now May's gov. shall now reap the cost of treachery #con_home #LeaveEU
Now now Barry take your medication and stop threatening that lovely Polish nurse. Otherwise we will have to kick you of the care home.
It's a bit entertaining to watch the leave camp learn in real time what the remainers have been telling them for years: they have no negotiating power, they're losing it all, this is going to be painful, this was a mistake, Johnson and Farage peddled lies for profit, etc. #brexit
I also work here working class contracting on the motorways and sites of the midlands I know the way we live and why we voted for brexit basically it’s because we have had enough of Politicians doing what’s right for them and not us.
What you need to know about the crucial EU Brexit summit -
Correction! ....Global Warming and Brexit.
English r low down progressive stack so convenient to scapegoat them but 44% rest voted Brexit. Says free movement is great but not 4 Israel ofc. Understates EU regulations. Jonah's LA Times unreadable in EU. Says "I'm not a nationalist" but obv is &amp; wouldn't want US to join EU.
We could really use Gibraltar to defeat Brexit. #SaveGibraltar
Mate, the fact that Putin thinks Brexit is a good idea should counter answer your answer.
If that Brexit deal doesn’t go thru that shit is decreasing
Brexit is not a far right thing. There were people on the left and even centre who voted for Brexit.
Beth has waited 2 years already. She is only 17yrs old, please somebody sort this out ASAP
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
Theresa May arrives for EU Brexit summit after last-minute 'cave-in' over Gibraltar - Mirror Online - #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos #brexit #PeoplesVote #skynews #c4news #bbcnews #skypapers
u are right!Brexit is a common concern!A wake up-call4whole Europe.Ur campaign4upholding democracy is also ours. #FBPE reached out his hand 2 #StrongerTogether w #PECS WE stand with YOU!
Italy say they'll do it, but maybe the EU move the goalposts again and Italys voice won't matter one iota
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' Brexit minister
The latest Politically Aylesbury Vale! Thanks to #aylesburyjobs #brexit
Holyhead on Brexit: ‘When will people wake the f**k up?’
It’s become like Brexit, it’s gone on for so long that is just burned out and u (almost) don’t care anymore
Just making sure you've seen this. Time to call the whole Brexit thing off?
Emma, I(remainer &amp; unionist) dislike your party &amp; people like because you talk a great game and are brilliant at telling us what you don't want but lack any sort of coherent plan of how to deliver what you do want! History will remember what you have done! #Brexit
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Just like No.9 buses. You wait for 2 years only to find you have been thrown under the wheels of one in pursuit of a job-destroying Brexit. What is it about Brexiteers and buses? Stop the bus. #StopBrexit
The head of the European Council, Tusk, spoke on Saturday with the Spanish Minister Sanchez.The leaders managed to agree on the issue of Gibraltar, which appeared on the last straight before the Sunday summit of the EU Tusk recommended approving the results of brexit negotiations
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote 'void' as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation Exclusive: Judges poised to fast-track explosive legal challenge after Theresa May's 'failure to act'...
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
Between the rock and a hard place...
At this point it would be wise to remember that the first EU referendum was purely advisory and non binding, there is no legal requirement to go through with Brexit at all...
-Net immigration a staggering 270,000 per year. -87,000 from EU (due to brexit) -Need to look at MULTIPLE years
This is exactly why we need to get rid of the Tories: they are intent on destroying the UK that could have recovered from the disaster of 2008. It could take at least 2 generations to recover the nearly balanced society we once had.
Brexit: Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch EU summit
#EuropeanCouncil President $DonaldTusk has recommended that the #EU approve the #Brexit deal at a summit.
'Leaving without a deal IS BREXIT' Economist savages Theresa May deal as terrible mistake
#Brexit #WalkWay goy! Demographics is Destiny
If only the heroic tv crews filming brexit could do the same.
The PM doesn't have the balls would tear her to shreds.
It’s looking increasingly the case that he had set back attitudes by 50 years toward Ireland. So sad. All self serving too. #brexit #peoplesvote #leave
looks as if this constituency really doesn’t seem up for Brexit anymore. Please support a #FinalSay with an option to remain.
So true they are all traitors to the crown and the people
Weren’t we told that forseeing problems over Gibraltar after Brexit was merely “Project Fear”? Well, welcome to the real world.
Brexit gives the far-right a better chance to take over. This is the scam.
All true... but funny at the same time!#brexit
If you are bored of Brexit and want something to cheer you up, if you turn to a crypto channel you may just catch live coverage of Bitcoin falling through 4000.
i’m in a bar and there’s a guy here boasting about how he voted for brexit. 5 likes and i’ll deck him
It’s what they voted for.
Poll.
Days!! Yer having a laugh. She's dithering while Brexit consumes all.
Theresa May had a disastrous General Election because nobody believed a word she uttered. Theresa May is having a disastrous "Brexit" because nobody believes a word she utters. Time for her and her remainer friends to go before we get stuck in EU purgatory.
And bear in mind that’s just one agreement with one country over one industry. But, hey, keep those fingers stuck in your ears and keep chanting “no-deal Brexit will be fine, no-deal Brexit will be fine,” and I’m sure it’ll all magically come out just fine. Bye.
Theresa May is tactically out playing the Labour Party over Brexit. She has the one solution to save the UK. Labour has no solution. You call me harsh but it does come across that way. Tell me otherwise. #PeoplesVote #FBPE #Brexit #marr
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
Will brexit happen though?
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Brilliant. Much the same as Brexit really.
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
I want to stop #Brexit because not only is Brexit the worst deal in our history. But it would have a huge detrimental affect on the United Kingdom and its future of staying together.That’s more important than any Brexit deal. #StopBrexit United Kingdom stay together in the EU ..
Theresa on admitting that she'll not rule out quitting as PM.
News: As a solution to the current #Brexit power struggle has agreed that Ireland will join the commonwealth as a united Ireland and will also remain in Europe. Sorted.
That was agreed even before the EU ref. May was the EU's candidate sitting out the EU ref ready to assume leadership and work to ensure the UK never left the EU. She will find a way of ensuring her WA is voted down and Brexit is overturned
Utter shite isn't it. If brexit means anything it's that everything is everyone else's fault and when it screws up everyone but the people who campaigned and voted for it will be to blame
I will deliver what the voters voted for in Brexit.....another lie
#BREXITWEEK: TUSK Tells EU27 to OK DEAL - LIVE: Sunday's Special EU COUNCIL (Art. 50) - Streamed From 7.00-11:00am GMT (8.00-12:00am CET)
Now's the time to sit up and say this is all mad crazy, let's scrap this Brexit idea. #PeoplesVote
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
Which is what 'Brexit' was all about all along : money for the rich, poverty for the rest
This is not Brexit, that's the point. Brexit means being a sovereign nation state again. Theresa May is not doing that but making a mess to call it something other than remain.
And rightly so
She was always in love with Brexit, as any self-respecting racist would be.
A not-so-fond adieu: Europe sees silver lining to the Brexit cloud
Boris Johnson woos DUP with call to 'junk' Brexit backstop via
MSNBC 1:22pm HILLARY CLINTON TO THE GUARDIAN: EUROPE NEEDS TOUGHER. APPROACH TO PHENOMENON THAT FUELED TRUMP &amp; BREXIT HILLARY CLINTON...
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Striking another #Brexit deal.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - BBC News
It’s easier to see what May is like, which is maybe plainly what we don’t like. But Corbyn has been more difficult to judge until .... I’m afraid now he seems to be quite sinister to me. No trust in him.
Ah. They mean the First Minister.
the conspiracy theories that someone of the pants-on-head brexiteers are coming up with to explain how shit the Brexit deal is are truly amazing.
Just realised May and her cronies only like a certain type of immigrant this was how she could stop them coming. Brexit was a sideshow
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Bit like Brexit then
Well done everifrom for braving the cold in today to talk about and what is a big vote for a second vote anger at warning of the complexion Brexit not disclosed before referendum
i’ve resisted commenting on this issue the past week or so. i’ve contemplated whether to support Mays Brexit.After doing so i’ve doubled down. this is not my Brexitv
For me, Brexit is like this: You don't walk into KFC asking for 'something with chicken in', and then get upset with the 3 chicken pieces &amp; coleslaw put in front of you, when you were hoping for a Royale with cheese.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal The PMs treachery knows no bounds
So, we're going to be on our own with our very own conservatives in power and at the mercy of those big fish with more money and clout- USA, China, India. Who'd have thought it!
I must agree on that it is the last election being the one that shall count. #Think32 #Brexit
Well, that's another £billion down the toilet!
The sheer cheek of this! Cameron only called the referendum because he lacked the courage to face down the loons on the right of the #Tory Party. May neither can nor will either so now she has to put forward an incoherent #BrexitDeal that satisfies no-one. #Brexit
Jonah isn't informed enough to make counter-arguments &amp; Jamie keeps listeners in the dark so they cant make up their own mind. EU is extremely undemocratic, if Jamie wants a federal Europe with free movement, it needs to be destroyed &amp; rebuilt. So Brexit is a good first step.
BREXIT! The UK and Spain reached an agreement Saturday over the status of Gibraltar once the UK has left the EU. The accord over the British territory paves the way for approval by 27 EU governments on the withdrawal terms of the UK from EU. thoughts?
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' #Brexit minister - Reuters
But why should Brexiteers listen to Remainers, Craig? Isn't everything they warn you about supposed to be #ProjectFear? What's more, how do you know every single one of the 17.4 million voted for exactly the same form of #Brexit? #EFTAisBetter
lmao at how someone as atrociously ignorant about Ireland as gets published on the subject of Ireland
By, compromise, you mean remain.
The excellent Labour Party telling us what they won’t do.
This deal is shaped by the Brexit Parties Conservatives and DUP - so stop complaining about it!
Yes but Youhave agreed that Spain will be in any future trade deals related to Gibraltar, admit it youy're just a do;wn and outright LIAR, you should be prosecuted for yopur hadling of negotiations, you would jump on compaied dealing they way you have done over BREXIT,
Every day I am astounded at the farce that is taking place at Westminster. Do understand where this is leading? This is an incredibly dangerous game you are playing with our country. It isn't going to end well. Shame on you for opening the gates to madness.
well if you wanted BREXIT to fail and put Corbyn in power ..you have succeeded .. I thought you were up for the fight but really you are just out for yourself like all other MPs...
This needs to be seen &amp; understood. refusing to answer the most simple questions. quite clearly afraid to itemise/cost or stand by anything that could be used against them when the truth dawns on the population that they've been lied to. staggering. #brexit
Brexit
Brexit latest news: Britain accused of caving in over Gibraltar - live updates via
It already has.
We’ll be in a hundred times weaker position still once we’re past Brexit Day. We’ll be out of the EU, and completely dependent on the EU27’s generosity to save us from the post-transition cliff edge. And since we’ll be out, we will have no leverage left.
It will be a hell of a lot worse if have Brexit on top of the havoc that already needs to be repaired.
I wonder what she would do if the Argentine's attack the the Falklands, ffs
Not one step back in reclaiming our fishing grounds from the EU! It was the scandalous CFP and CAP that first alerted me to the menace of the then EEC some 30 years ago.
Eureka Flag of 1854, golddiggers rebellion at Ballarat, Victoria, #Australia. Symbol of protest mainly in relation to a variety of anti-establishment, non conformist causes. #Anglosphere #AusFam #Brexit #UKIP #Trump #history #WhiteCulture #ScoMo #DingoGab
We confirmed as a mere vassal of the Evil Union...
The scheming #Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen: Leave’s… #Brexit #ClickBait
Boris bedazzles DUP with #Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll: Former foreign… #Brexit #ClickBait
Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop'
It’s not HER Brexit. It is the only possible deal after 2 years of negotiating and guess what it’s much worse than being in the EU. What a shocker eh?
Anyone doubting that the British political system embodies incompetence and waste...look away now...
Because brexit is backed by the crooks who run the uk papers and media, and we, the stupid British believe it#BollockstoBrexit #IamEuropean #PeoplesVote #lieslieslies
for at 13.45 for Russia 24 talking about the potential impacts of Brexit for the fashion industry.
Actually that one of my better tweets on why the EEA remains a non starter....
article: “High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas”
May should have been negotiating a complete withdrawal. There is no evidence that a WTO brexit would be harmful to jobs or growth. What May has done is akin to getting divorced but paying to be told who you can date by your Ex wife. She is the epitome of a Traitor.
Really ? Corbyn wouldn't stop Brexit. That needs to be done first, before addressing the inequalities of the #ToxicTories
If the UK is in such a mess due to #Brexit, imagine how bad #GRESHIT would've been! Yet #Greek idiots continue to call for one simply because EU reuses to erase denbts and gib moneys!
Shame it's only 2 years Arron. Take it like a man
Two effing yrs PM to get to a place we said wld be reached the moment you &amp; JC negligently invoked A50 w/o a clue &amp; failing in due diligence. 2 wasted years; time &amp; £billions down the #Brexit drain. Taking Back Control to Lose Control leading us into a limbo Worse than membership
Not sure a centrist party would help political climate. Already have Lib Dems, and look at where they poll! I feel people in this country work best at GEs when given a fairly binary option of left vs right. I think anything Corbyn come up with will be as dead as Tory Brexit plans
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
Gibraltar. Always making history. From World War Two to #Brexit.
Mahdi Hasan the Marxist far left Labour activist comparing a Conservative Brexit MP to Communists. Very weird and very stupid.
#BREXIT Friends? Don’t imagine the EU has friends in UK 17.4M voters say Barnier &amp; EU27 killed any chance #EUparasites #killthedeal
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Yes: Brexit has exposed the underlying rot.
I do not back your 'deal'. It is not Brexit and does not follow your manifesto. You are an awful Prime Minister.
Yes, but once again mate that’s irrelevant. The majority of Scotland voted to remain in the UK so were subject to the Brexit vote, everyone knew the rules
Yet another littleEnglander on his high horse &amp; threatening a “reckoning” as #brexit unravels &amp; is once again shown to be the project of the real establishment elite to increase their grip on power &amp; wealth at the expense of the working people they conned into voting leave
People are also missing that Argentina will demand the return of the Falkland Islands as the UK will no longer have the block backing of the other 27 EU countries. Unintended consequences N.I. Gibraltar Falkland Islands Will all be lost over time. #Brexit
I’m afraid you politicians brought this on yourselves and us. #Brexit is an abomination but the institutionalised degradation of the people who built post-war Britain is what caused it. We can stop #Brexit but reversing the malaise will be more difficult
Labour can sod off. You are complicit. Your front bench has done nothing to stop Brexit. Don’t dare try and capitalise on it. We needed an opposition you abandoned us. Own it #PeoplesVote
Brexit is not the end. It's a setback in the unification of the EU and the earth &lt;3
I’ve taken to introducing Brexit immediately I meet someone new...it saves time - I don’t care if they’re leavers or stayers it’s the attitude- if they start frothing and going pink in face(either argument) I’m off
Shameful
Hear hear.
My latest.
This article is a good reality check on the contradictions and incoherence of the modern nationalism movement. #Brexit #BrexitChaos
If she said no we could stop talking about Brexit now. No future givernment is going to try to resurect it.
This slug conspicuously witholds the number of NC letters so May can sign off without authorization of Parl. A process of debates and opposes Mays offer skipped. Any no confidence vote is to late. MPs have no say. 2019 Brexit formally senied!
It was fantasy, as was any Brexit dividend, instead there will be huge costs, Northern Ireland will be divorced, Scotland will Remain and English sovereignty will be dimished as it stuggles to obtain inferior trade agreements.
Silly question. The Queen is sovereign. Can't she sack the maybot.
Brexit is for life not just for Christmas...lol
Sick to my stomach. This evil vile PM is a living walking embarrassment. The should be ashamed. Just GO
why not join all the ignorant working class folk who apparently voted for Brexit &amp; watch the darts ?
While the world around us falls apart, you're still the person I can't take my eyes off -:). Good night from Brexit Island. x
Best Xmas present.
Good on you Chrissie this #brexit chaos can br stopped.
Have the DUP considered launching their party in GB?
Say all this is true &amp; I have my doubts then what about the remainers that have changed their minds? Lets have a General Election instead of a peoples vote &amp; see who &amp; how the nation wants Brexit to be best delivered. Why stop at 2nd referendum when General Election is better?
One vote = democratic Two votes = anti-democratic By extension, the most democratic thing of all would be zero votes. "Annul the referendum result," urges RT.
It looks like it. Jenni Murray in the Times said that is because he is not that interested in Brexit, he is focused on getting a left wing government in the UK and Brexit is not very relevant to that.
“My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings; Look on my Works, ye Mighty, and despair! Nothing beside remains. Round the decay Of that colossal Wreck, boundless and bare The lone and level sands stretch far away.” #Brexit
Confused over #Brexit???? Don't be kept in the dark by what those in Government say they have agreed to on our behalf. Click on the link in the re-tweet and seek out the truth for yourself.
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll
If Theresa May's Brexit deal was an image, it would be of her squatting over the British flag and taking a massive shit on it.
Loving the responses to this bot!
If you feel tempted to applaud the PM for her crackdown on EU immigrants, bear in mind that whatever she comes up with will be reciprocated and imposed on UK citizens who want to move freely in the EU-27. The young and poor will lose out (and by ‘skill’ they mean ‘pay’) #owngoal
Also the Brexit Act only authorises the PM to write a letter, it doesn’t actually give the letter she wrote any legal force.
Fascinating after much work to get around the algorithms and increase visibility it is beginning to move significantly. Yet it was stuck on 467 votes for a day which was deeply suspicious. Please vote. Please RT. #LIBERTY
Very true they have not attempted to get a Brexit deal as they believed there would never be enough people vote to leave, they have deliberately made this situation and they will blame the Brexiteers they are a disgrace
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Although the killing that Philip stands to make in the sell-off of the deregulated hell that will be the UK after Brexit still trumps any interest I used to have in leaving a viable country behind me.
We always like to share things that we find useful. This might help you. #fishing #fisher #fish #outdoors
Wow, our sovereignty is so important to brexit that they'd give away our sovereign territory...
Please cite how it will be bad? Genuinely interested, especially as NHS staff shortages are not related to Brexit. In appreciation.
Waaaaay past time for a general election lol! Time for #indyref2 or to #DissolveTheUnion
The rest won’t work
Theresa May hasn't sold out Gibraltar. The Brexit vote did that
That's unfortunate. How long were you a member for? Strange why they are more interested in TR, than they are Brexit. I don't hate TR, but I don't think his appointment makes any sense politically. It's needless. Politically, what are your next plans?
The people are being ignored and illegally manovered
Britain has no reason for complaint. It bullied its way across the world creating its despicable empire. Brexit is rooted in longing for a return to that mindset. No one is going to tolerate it anymore.
Britain the 'land of Brexit &amp; Austerity' 'Divided Kingdom' Run by the #Corrupt #Cronies 2018
Tend to agree. But I can't believe people voted Brexit on what Boris &amp; co preached. #dontunderestimatetheelectorate #TrustMay #Brexit
This is Brexit #stopbrexit #peoplesvote #optiontoremain
Sensible policy.
Need a #WebDesigner or #WebDeveloper? Need To #fix #bugs, #errors in your #shopify #website? To get all the #shopify bug fixing related service please visit: #viswasam #AbuDhabiGP #abudhabigp #Rafael #brexit #Brexit #German #kookv #SaturdayMotivation
Low-skilled? That'll be the people doing essential jobs that lazy British people refuse to do then. How much more insulting can she be? May really is a disgusting human being.
About bloody time! I’ve been saying this for months... Given the lies, corruption, electoral fraud, and masses of disinformation there is no other solution!
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
From kicking arse in the EU to kissing arse in the EU in a little more than 2 years #brexit
EU citizens will need special protection from the EU after Brexit, and TM's 'queue jumper' comments and constant celebration of end of FoM has made that clear.
NI sold, Gibraltar sold, who are the Elite of Brexit now.
Philip Hammond in under 40 seconds #Brexit #satire #Autumnstatement #budget #autumnbudget #brexitbudget #DUP #TheresaMay #ToriesOut #Tories #MayMustGoNow #philiphammond #thebudget 27
It is quite incredible that Remainers are blaming brexiteers for a deal that LEAVErs hate. A deal (shaped by Remainers purporting to be delivering a brexit) that is a Remain (albeit a very poor one - &amp; those idiots don’t appear to realise the EU are fulfilled by weakening us)
No 39 has already gotten worse.
"The most ardent Brexiteers don't like it" True that. May says she's delivering Brexit but this is a failure to deliver because of the attempt to appease Remainers .......... who don't like it, either. In the process, she has displeased her Northern Irish partners. What ??????
Key point here. Madrid soft-pedalled in the WA phase. Will be much tonight in the next one.
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms #Compilations #Compilations #Associated Press
Losing from politics, right that's it Brexit has gone to far! #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Oh look another poll because all the others have been spot on from brexit to trump
I would like to help British Prime Minister Theresa Mary May, and if Parliament pays her no attention regarding Brexit+, the whole island will sink. Literally.
THE BREXIT DEAL Explained in 50 years.... (Do you actually think I am joking?)
Hi as my MP I was just wondering how you feel the current #Brexit options compare: (1) May Deal, (2) No Deal, or (3) Remain? Which option do you think will be best for #MiltonKeynes and why?
My wife has just stuck her head up from the book she is reading and said "there's an argument that King John is to blame for Brexit". Just felt I should share so that for once I'm not the only one totally out of their depth as to what she means when discussing history.
Perhaps the humiliation and hardship of Brexit is what UK (or it's remnants) needs to exorcise the ghost of British Empire, so that a new generation can Return to EU, vowing never to let it happen again? You rubbished outright rescinding Brexit, what other options are there?
Makes Brexit look like petty nonsense compared to the natural world. We are just minor details all will be gone in a million years but snake venom will remain.
Halligan posits [a] that Irish "formal independence" happened with Republic of Ireland Act 1948 (news to everyone, including John A. Costello), and [b] that Leo (of "Fine Gael - the United Ireland Party") is only posturing to appease "Irish nationalists". FF or SF unclear, natch.
People were to an extent disgusted by the duplicity of Westminster politicians like you. That Leave promises of “a great deal”,”£350m/w for the NHS” “considerable upsides and no downsides” were just more lies wont play well. The Referendum was won on lies it has no legitimacy.
And me. But once Brexit goes through we'll all be forced to listen. There'll be a keyword we have to listen for which we'll have to produce to qualify for the next day's ration queue. Every cloud...
Ok so have I got this right? Hardcore brexiteers who campaigned for leave now want Brexit stopped cos its shit, and remainers including the PM, want to leave because it's the will of the people although the people have changed their mind?
Hi are you going to demand Will Hutton apologise as well?
Brexit explained #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
The vote we had for Grexit didn't count. Quite a few referendums in Europe that didn't go the EU's way didn't count. I'm not surprised that Brexit isn't going to happen.
Man thinks Klopp picks team based on tone of Echo articles. Man is fucking cretin.
Too true
Here is the will of Rory Stewart's #Brexit: Will of the people: 46% Rory Stewart dictatorship: 26% Rory Stewart dictatorship wins.
This appears to be a proposal for 11 month work visas, which wouldn’t count in immigration statistics (unlike 12 month work visas)
Spain withdraws objections and Boris Johnson addresses DUP conference via
Trust me, as #OneOfThe3Million I would love for #brexit to be called off &amp; am more than happy to be proven wrong. The UK is a wonderful country, that‘s why I came here. To watch it shoot itself in the head is incredibly painful.
The DUP is in as much trouble as Theresa May. They’ll stick together | Alex Kane
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
I’ve probably been too busy ranting about Brexit, sad how much more human issues then fall out of sight!
That is one version of Brexit. Some voted to be better off, others voted to get rid of foreigners, others voted to get more money for the NHS, others voted because it was going to be the same benefits only better, your Brexit wasnt everyone else's.
I used be a Tory, of the kind who believed in individual freedom &amp; liberty. That strand of liberal conservatism seems to have been altogether crushed by a crude fear and lie driven nationalist authoritarianism that treats individual liberty and rights with contempt. #Brexit
What is interesting about the next phase of the horror show that is Brexit is that the May deal really could unite the country. How can anyone support that deal/arrangement/loss of sovereignty?
With this concession on Gibraltar to Spain, what Theresa May refused to do for Northern Ireland she has just forced on the people of Gibraltar. #Brexit
We know there are no benefits, but the Government and Opposition are petrified of the right-wing backlash if brexit isn't delivered, even if that leaves the country poorer and weaker than ever before in our history. Thank you, Leavers.
Theresa May cannot be trusted any longer neither can any MP that supports her. Neither can we believe anything she now says. She deceitfully indulges in economy of information, and word play. The Draft WA is not Brexit but instead is designed to cripple and disempower the UK.
No. Your entitled to your option of course, but not your own facts. Besides you have only just become a nationalist. I was born a UK/EU citizen and proud, still will be after brexit dies in our soveriegn parliment due to a hypocrisy overdose and after many failed lie bypasses
But you have agreed that Spain will be in any future trade deals related to Gibraltar, admit it you're just a down and outright LIAR, you should be prosecuted for your hadling of negotiations, you would jump on compaies dealing the way you have done over BREXIT misrepresentation
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' Brexit minister
Traitor - why help people who are so ‘ornery’ they can’t even agree to form a government on their own country.
getting fucked by Framed harder than Brexit is fucking the UK
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype | John Lichfield
The little Napoleon treating his people like dirt
I am proud that Gibraltar *was* British. I will always stand by Brexit.
Ah, but here Brexit has some perks.
And Pimlico Plonkers for when you talk about Brexit.
Glad to see something sensible coming of Brexit. Paradoxical that the left-overs of Empire are being finally being brought to close by the Rule Britannia crowd. Irish reunification by 2025 ?
Normally I’d just say better late than never but I’m still too angry
UK should always have had freedom of movement with Canada Australia &amp; NZ &amp; could have done this while staying in EU #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #politics #PeoplesVote #VeniceConvention #business #SNP #EU #Juncker
Exactly that. Advisory &amp; not legally binding either but hey spun it to sound like it was. I lot of people's ego is riding on it &amp; dont want to admit they've been conned by people who do what to see the vast majority poorer at their expense. that's the Brexit leavers want
We can only hope Parliament doesn't allow #Brexit Blackmail to pass.
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
Not if we make friends with the Tories, though, eh?
But its gonna be implemented before brexit happens so it will effect the UK
The problem with Brexit was that the leavers wanted all the advantages of the E.U. with none of the responsibilities.
Brexit UK 2019 via
Government accused of massaging immigration statistics in run up to Brexit vote
Shall have to regain that trust. Starting with brexit.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
MAY'S DIRTY DEALING COMES BACK TO HAUNT HER: Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Brendan leaving. Brexit. All makes sense lak. Switching off
#XFactor is an even bigger set up than Theresa May's Brexit deal
the empire strikes back
Nicola Sturgeon challenges Theresa May to debate on Brexit deal via
Mrs May would be daft not to agree for publicity but would be daft to agree because she had no answers to Mrs Sturgeon!
His current proposition of a GE that can only be about brexit that labour cannot win without remainer votes on a platform that ignores the key remainer demand which leave voters wont believe is absurd and corbyn is going senile if he doesn't know it
Hang on, is like a parody account, but in human form?
YOU MEAN TO TELL ME THE NATION VOTED FOR A&amp;A OVER FUCKING BRENDAN???? HAS BREXIT HIT THE COUNTRY THAT HARD THEY DONT HAVE A FUCKING BRAIN ANYMORE?? #xfactor
Sums it up nicely .. Tories can start clearing their desks any time now
What a fu up you self centred, power crazy idiots have made of Brexit, you should be ashamed of yourselves....
Exit Brexit and #SaveGibraltar
Sounds good except Corbyn might go through with Brexit.
No ones gloating, this has been a disastrous couple of years. The sooner it’s over the better for everyone. There was never a brexit that would get enough approval by the country.
What is true in this advert?
Relatively Accidental - A Black Comedy of Rock Music and Death by Jessika Jenvieve #Book #ebook #Fiction It won't stop Brexit but it will make you laugh - Buy it Now - #!#-
Also, Alex Chalk Tory MP for Cheltenham has been speaking in glowing terms about TM’s Brexit agreement. Always thought his career would come before the needs of the country
Very disappointed in you, my MP, for heaping praise on this deceitful, duplicitous woman. continues to lie to the British people over #Brexit - and that's okay with you? Do her bare-faced lies not challenge your integrity? It's time you MPs put country BEFORE party.
I'm not convinced the current withdrawal article even creates a so called "level playing field" (aka stops any Gov investment / state aid in areas that need it). I think it's far more dangerous e.g. -&gt;
2/Both the Falklands and Argentine governments have be n unambiguous about what Brexit will mean for the islands.
The GFA is an international treaty signed by Britain and ratified by referendum by the people of Ireland. Brexit must work around it.
He's right
Why are spicy white men so fine
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - BBC News
Well they did win the vote, why should it satisfy those who wish to remain? Failure to deliver that #Brexit is a dereliction of democracy. You're the type that will blame a gun for murder yet exonerate the pencil for a spelling mistake.
Pretty much sums up the May negotiation technique
#Hvper.com The Internet on one page. Successor of Popurls, the mother of news aggregators. By Ultra mode displays 3 times the news on this page. This view is ...Read more:
Like Brexit mixed with Mean Girls
Why Spain can't veto the Brexit deal by via
Why Theresa May's #Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The #UK - Forbes
I voted #Conservative because I could not vote #Labour. I voted for Brexit because I believe in it. If I can't trust both leaders to set us free from the EU, why should I vote at all. #TheresaMay must go in favor of a PM that will truly fight for Britain. No deal is better.
Why Theresa May's #Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The #UK - Forbes
She is there to get her payoff for the shity deal she sold out Jolly Old England for. May Arrives in Brussels for Brexit Summit via
Liar and anti Brit, anti Britain, anti #Brexit #TreasonMay strikes again. As soon as she said Gibraltar was safe you knew she'd betrayed them. #MayMustGo and so must her #BetrayalAgreement. #DitchTheDeal #StandUp4Brexit
It's really a shame how the PSOE and its media are "selling"the veto and the have described the whole fact absolutely a bad joke
Brian Wilson: Will Brexit actually help Scotland’s fishing industry? via
'The Dis-united Kingdom' interesting article on the divisions and political corruption in the UK due to Brexit (in French) #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Brexit vandals? You mean Remain vandals. We don't buy into the lie that May is anything but a hard line Remainer.
Sadly, I don’t think so. I don’t think he realises what the obvious conclusion of this statement is. Rather than realising it’s time to end this nonsense and drop Brexit, he’ll ‘conclude’, the EU are picking on his entitled ass, by remaining completely consistent in their stance
So Arlene Foster says current #brexit deal is bad for NI business but business and farming organisations are in favour of the deal. #dupconference
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' #Brexit minister - Reuters
Of interest to Brits living in EU and how they are impacted by Brexit.
People voted brexit
Its true, she just gave up Gib. to Spain....WTH ?
Cmn Theresa, how can you refuse?
There Has Never Been A Mandate For Brexit HuffPost UK #AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin
I am so disappointed in my Party.
They won’t allow a no deal exit. The Tory Parliamentary Party is riddled with die hard Remainers and their goal is to frustrate it. Regardless Article 50 votes or the manifesto. May’s deal is just lipstick on Remain. If it gets defeated they will find another way to stop Brexit.
I can only surmise Her Majesty is absolutely fucking livid...
"The development gives Spain a veto over Gibraltar benefiting from a future trade and security agreement between Brussels and the British government."
That's and it's a beautiful speech
It’s #Brexit means #Brexit - the will of the people - Falklands next, just relax - it’s what you voted for
I wonder if even this is true - she just strikes me as a rigid woman who could not bear to have plans thwarted, however wrong, by pesky European courts
We might have still stood with him if he had not put his media career before the British people
disproves that Brexit would be a good idea it Shows that people will be even more Poorer an imagine what effect that will have in those already poorest areas I don't want to think how hard life will be for the children of those areas. All because people Believed the Lies of Leave
"I very much enjoyed Dominic Raab talking about a “negotiated no-deal” on Friday, which does seem to be the moron’s oxymoron." Genius! #StopBrexit
LibDem MP calling the Spanish "wolves". Brexit has left virtually everyone with sick down their front.
Quite. Which is why is not all that surprising that to external observers Europe has no strategists. There is no professional application for them in Brussels. And I’m saying this in the most non-Brexit attitude one can deploy. :)
Having spoken negatively about May and Corbyn there are of course as many politicians I have come to admire since the Brexit fiasco started. They have stood up against it from the start and never wavered.
As EU wobbles towards recession, is this finally time for UK to play hardball. The economic downturn in both Germany &amp; Italy, following reduction in QE plus M3, not helped by game of chicken between the EU &amp; Italy. Hard Brexit could lead to deep recession, &amp; continuity measures.
We should try brexit instead of remain dressed up as pretend brexit as voted for by the UK Electorate.
Severing ourselves from our biggest market and closest neighbours in the EU is economic insanity. Also you should add *currently the 5th largest economy* as that's sure to change post-Brexit
I don't normally talk politics, but I am going to break my silence. #Brexit everybody seems to have an opinion and is all of a sudden is a global economist that knows the future. None of us understand. Politicians do whats right for the country and not yourself or your party
I would like to see leaders..then maybe a debate...
This deserves a Crowd Finder. Let's hope it works.
Boris who?
Huge if true
Wont pass a commons vote.........BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
BLUE PASSPORTS!!! NEW 50P COIN!! and A BREXIT FESTIVAL!!! #LeaveMeansLeave #brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
So what? They won’t do anything about it. BBC is a lost cause. The Fox News of Brexit.
Yes, I suspect you are correct. Remember, the Brits don't want a hard BREXIT. TRUMP does. It was in their interests to bring him down. TRUMP may not want to ruin our relationship by opening those files.
No I won't pick May's faux brexit, given I get a choice. Remain is shit, May's proposal is shitter...
Here's a deal: UK gives Gibraltar back to Spain, Poland gives Danzig to back Germany.
DUP Conference: Arlene Foster and Boris Johnson speak via manages to link #BREXIT to #Titanic
Matthew Herbert Sets The EU To Music With His Brexit Big Band
This is a statement of the bleeding obvious but the Brexiters have nobody but their own disorganised, inept, childish, self deluded, hubristic selves to blame for the #brexit debacle. Time to put this utter dog’s arse and national humiliation to bed for good. #EnoughIsEnough
#Austerity &amp; #Brexit you may wish were a product of #Tories but they are both a product of #Capitalism and markets. Until we recognise this theirs no uniting this old union. #Marr #Peoplesvote #FBPE
Yes please. Will you or hurry up and throw your hat into the ring please.
The latest Keith Martin Daily! #spycops #brexit
Reality dawns for Prime Minister Theresa May's #Brexit deal
#Strictly covert energy efficiency doers to take over #Westminster without blocking any bridges? #Labour #Brexit #Conservative
My only concern is that you are shocked to discover the anti-#Brexit establishment conspiracy. Where have you been for the past two years?
a leninologist who doesnt believe in the people . only on the far left !
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Therapising my #Brexit trauma with some #WilliamWallace #ScotlandtheBrave #Homeofmyfathers
Stabbed in the. Back yet again by the British establishment. It's time for an English parliament.
So much about the big picture... On the eve of the special meeting of the , students at Leeds Trinity University (#UnitedKingdom) are probably much more concerned about issues surrounding BREXIT. #Brexit #UK #NorthernIreland #Gibraltar #EU #Ireland #NRO #TheresaMay
then Hammond should walk across the bridge first but should be mindful in case it should collapse
Particularly given that it says austerity is a form of political social cleansing and #Brexit will make it still worse . The idea of Brexit was always to wipe out &amp; subjugate working people &amp; vulnerable . #PeoplesVote
Dan they are self indulgent fools intent on snatching defeat from the jaws of defeat. We need to bank the Brexit we have and move on
Theresa May vows to 'stand by' Gibraltar following Brexit row with Spain
#brilliant speach about #Brexit #triplelock #Assurance #safe #Gibraltar #RemainsOurs #HandsOffOurRock
Don't let the politicians con us out of a quarterly brexit and leave us with an absolute brexit!
My slogan would be 'More bothered about Briggers than Brexit'
Us working classes have always fought the wars and then rebuilt the mess for those in Westminster. Always have and probably always will although brexit was an kick in Westminster’s nuts! Now all we need is it delivered in full
The UK's economy will tank - the degree it tanks is up for debate - as a direct result of Brexit. The austerity (which has led some vulnerable people on UC to take their own lives) we've been through for the last 8 years will be nothing, by comparison. So - yes; people will die.
High Court set to fast-track legal case which could lead to Brexit being declared ‘void’.
or or for PM. The UK needs a clean #Brexit for #CommonWealthFreeTrade and #CANZUK
Brexit, feels like we are a Premiership team that has managed to relegate itself into the Championship and might end up in Division One
So Brexit is a cluster fuck.
'Bbb-but we need a Brexiteer at the helm' , do they have one that doesn't bugger off?
Everyone send "I want to break Free" by Queen to #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitAgreement
fuck england fuck brexit fuck theresa may fuck conservatives fuck the uk im done im leaving gbye
Why are you supporting a party which abstains on Scotland having full control of Welfare, buggared the VOW? Why would you back Brexit? Plse launch a socialist Independent Labour Party in Scotland. Focus on Scotland, stop selling us all down the river. Luv fae passionate Queer
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll
No it isn't
IRON MAIDEN's BRUCE DICKINSON: Why I Voted For Brexit
There already exists sufficient grounds for CANCELLING Brexit. What does not exist is the moral and ethical strength of Westminster England to do so.
World News Roundup: US service member killed in Afghanistan; Spain bars May's way to Brexit deal ... #CgAn #ICC
In light of brexit and the rise of the EDL, ask Blair if he regrets leaving the majority (England) out of the devolution settlement.
World News Roundup: US service member killed in Afghanistan; Spain bars May's way to Brexit deal ... #ICC #CgAn
#Xfactor fucking cunts voting off Danny...fucking British pubic are such total twat-fucking wankers...fucked up brexit now the cunts vote karaoke shit like living-on-a-fucking-prayer ahead of quality cunting fucking bastards.
I voted Remain; not Tory Brexit, not Labour Brexit. #PeoplesVote
Please, yes!!!!
Looks like may is willing to bust the markets in order to push through a lame deal - she obviously is now in the world of a clinical obsessive who needs to be removed/resign from her position before she totally ruins the country.
“Much of what is happening at the moment is political noise for domestic consumption and, in the coming days and weeks, we will hear a lot more about #Gibraltar and Brexit, and there will be contradictory interpretations depending on which side of the border fence you are on.”
That's Brexit in a nutshell
A polite way to say that the PM hasn't got a clue!
But it wasn’t Ireland that decided to walk out on the EU. And in the entirety of the Anglo Irish relationship can anyone seriously argue that Britain has offered “help and goodwill”? BREXIT means BREXIT. And that means being alone in a tough world. Get used to it Fraser.
Yellow jackets, fires &amp; fighting totally unnecessary. Lorry drivers could bring France to a standstill in 30 mins flat if they chose by swerving lorries across arterial roads at main roundabouts. Igntion off. Walk away.
If blood is spilt on the streets of our country over Brexit the blame will lay in the hands of OUR Prime Minister, . This will be the worse episode in our national history ever!
The United Kingdom is being discombobulated #FBPE #PeoplesVote
The Tories have been reading Trump's book haven't they....
Sick and tired of voxpops. Do not want to hear the opinions of the ‘hard of thinking’ &amp; ‘ill informed’ on something which they clearly cannot comprehend in all it’s magnitude and impact. That’s exactly what got us in to this mess. #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Not to rescue the U.K. from the unfolding disaster that is #Brexit will do untold damage to our democracy. The majority will feel let down and betrayed if the political elite do not show bottle and bring the choice back to the electorate. Yes, I mean a #PeoplesVote
There’s the Brits I know and love! Hey, , interview these Fine Folks! #Brexit #GetTheHellOutOfTheEU
Brexit bin
Keep up the good work. You have kept faith with the purpose of Brexit. By this action of yours, you have demonstrated sincere leadership and one to be trusted too, by the people.
Aye.....brexit is going well......what a clusterfuck
Why is Brexit such a disaster? by Chris Fagg
Philip Hammond in under 40 seconds #Brexit #satire #Autumnstatement #budget #autumnbudget #brexitbudget #DUP #TheresaMay #ToriesOut #Tories #MayMustGoNow #philiphammond #thebudget 20
&lt;Brexit Britain ( ie England )&gt; “its fine we’re an island nation and we always have been and we’ll be fine on our own” &lt;Northern Ireland&gt; “Hey lads!” &lt;Gibraltar&gt; “Pip pip!”
"...any separate deal to protect Gibraltar’s economy will “require a prior agreement of the Kingdom of Spain” &amp; "transition period...during which the UK would stay in the SM &amp; CU without representation in EU decision-making institutions." And this is a good deal?
Even Arron Banks prefers Remain to Brexit.
please help stop may's madness. if the Tories are to chicken to put their letters in then lets, let them know we want the to. please sure as much as possible to as many ppl as possible. thank you via
Absolutely no decisions should be made on #Brexit till all the illegal shenanigans are sorted out, and all the guilty are jailed!
Brexit: Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch EU summit
Watch: Boris Johnson backs DUP in demanding Brexit backstop is scrapped via
What do you make of this accusation against Theresa May?
Why a 'sunset clause' could restore the near total collapse of trust in the Brexit process via
The Deputy Leader of The Labour Party liked a picture of my dog on Insta, so we are clearly one step closer to the only way to stop Brexit.
Maybe we should do the same to fraudsters called Remoaner MPs who voted for the Referendum, stood on a Brexit Manifesto, but since then have fought the people's verdict tooth and nail! And unelected parasitical Lords, who admit they want to overturn Brexit
Nor me
“Cease to be an electoral force”
DM this morning said 80%. Did and she had a 3. Lead in the polls hello is anyone in at the fake news media ?
Brexit is about the enfeeblement of Britain
Brexit has plunged us into a world in which words have no meaning. It’s all just word salad. Strong/weak, stable/ chaotic, stand by/abandon
It’s all about the money.
Never mind Tories on Brexit - what is your position as the sitting MP ian? Having asked many many times I am feeling an acute sense of Paxman/Howard - answer comes there none!
brexit is really ruining the minds of the british public how do y’all justify voting for acacia and aaliya over brendan i hate being british sometimes #Xfactor
I remember right after the referendum, some very astute commentators predicting that Brexiters would not take responsibility for anything that went wrong with Brexit. It would always be someone else's fault. I never imagined exactly how right they would turn out to be.
This could be really helpful if this guy wasn't so dodgy!
Check my tweets I have been saying for months that the complete Brexit was a plan going back years. Mathew Elliot was in US with Neoliberal Lobby groups Liam Fox was member of Atlantic Bridge Cameron and Austerity was targetted at specific areas to increase Anti EU feelings
You voted for brexit in 2016 and TM in 2017, you own this mess!
BrExit WAR – Theresa May’s Government Betraying BrExit New Dawn for Britain
Brexit Deal Bigger Threat Than Corbyn, Foster Tells Times
Spain Bars May's Way to Brussels Brexit Deal
Ur aware we're actually friends on these islands together now ? Are u so defensive about the union or are u still coming to terms with ur #Brexit OG? Is the union under such threat? By the way is union still OK with if/when Britain is a #Republic?
It's your opinion that the referendum was unnecessary but the Brits didn't think it was unnecessary
DUP conference: Gibraltar will not fold over Spain’s Brexit demands, says minister via
No, the EU is not facist! The forces behind Brexit are facist, and Britain will become a closed, non-free and totalitarian state unless Brexit is stopped.
Neither, A Brexit which gives us freedom from these unelected dictators ,
The (dis)United Kingdom. NI will follow different rules to avoid a hard border with the RoI, Gibraltar will follow different rules to keep Spain happy, Scotland will ask for a new IndyRef and join back the EU. This Brexit thing is working out beautifully...
Boris Johnson: Theresa May's Brexit deal is like the Titanic - and there's an iceberg right ahead
EU summit to go ahead as Tusk recommends Brexit deal
When your new Brexit ball gets lost in the bushes, your old EU ball can look a lot more attractive if you give it a clean, paint a new pattern on it and ask the Ref. for a few changes to the rules.
The latest I love Galicia! #brexit #gibraltar
I think not.
What has the IMF got to do with the EU?. Good attempt, but really poor logic, clearly #brexit is about selling out the UK to make money, no-one can say how it can benefit the public.
#Spectator’s leading #Brexiteer #FraserNelson complaining that former #colony #Ireland has become #independent and follow its own interests and not those of the #colonial master in #London. #hardbrexit #eupol #Leave #Brexit
And 17 million people will be cool with that? High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
It would be nice to get some Anti-Brexit politicians visiting #Gloucester
Theresa May’s unloved Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself
Thanks Mike. I was nominated by are asking Jo Churchill to vote down the #Brexit deal &amp; support #PeoplesVote The Deal is terrible. It offers worst of all worlds - loss of control &amp; being poorer. Our survey shows majority of residents want #FinalSay
Easily #manoftheyear2018
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before summit Spain is standing between Theresa May and a Brexit deal as it threatens to derail an EU summit on Sunday if it does not get new...
We live in a European country, France. We voted remain in U.K. vote. We now firmly believe in leaving the EU. We still enjoy life en France a European country, but firmly hope and believe the EU will not exist in 2 to 3 years, post BREXIT
TweedleDum v TweedleDee, both trying to convince us they aren’t going to throw us through the looking glass.
Won't there? Jeeez you must of made a bomb on the #lotto tonight... congratulations #Brexit
Brexit ‘Right Deal’ and traitors of WWII (E255) RT — Sputnik Orbiting the World
What your panellists fail to recognise is that the Irish Border is Brexit’s fatal flaw.
BBC News - Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop'
How did Brexit influence your life? by Martin Croome
Really no one is talking about Brexit at all on Italy. The 700 thousand marching in London for a people's vote got squeezed in just before the end on the news that day in Italy. There is really no interest in it.
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night
Oh dear, how sad, nevermind....
Pull the plug people it's over ,Brexit is done ,it's cooked and nobody wants it. Time for a general election
I know what the numbers are saying but I think Theresa May will get the Brexit deal through Parliament. She’s unbelievably determined, if nothing else. #brexit
#Spain has routed #england over this. Why would #scotland feel the need to stick with such an effete country as this new england seems now to be ?? #brexit #gibraltar
All I want for Christmas is...
Celebrating beer. Not Brexit.
More people voted for Brexit than voted in the last few general elections. Mr Soros knows a lot about dark cash (allegedly), and how about that leaflet that was so generously sent out to every home in Britain at a cost of £9mill ...
Good first step #Boris get those letters in - get rid of #PM &amp; sort this mess out #Brexit #Tories #Leadership
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
Is this the Brexit you want ?
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
The point is back then he was a UK citizen as much as anyone can be. And look what UK made of one of its most valuable subjects. It seems with Brexit its doing it again -against all its constituency. By the way, what were you talking a few twitts ago about misunderstood irony?
For the first time in my life I agree with her!!!
A large wave of immigrants and 4 more reasons why the UK chose Brexit: #uk #brexit #eu #immigrants
Perhaps doesn't want a disorganised Brexit to crash Property Prices, with his recent portfolio?
Time you got the PM OUT! #brexit
Brexit footy
I reckon that "parties as yet unknown" have spent years honing their "mind-control via the TV" techniques by using that shite to hypnotise the British public as groundwork for #Brexit.
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
This is a terrible betrayal of Gibraltarians. May has no right. She is a desparate woman driving a bus over a cliff and will sacrifice anyone and any principle. She has become the most hated woman in British history.
If you’re a Paramedic in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Cameron lost!! Take responsibility for that... also May is a remainer, Hammond is a remainer the top two political government jobs are held by remainers who see Brexit as a damage limitation exercise
Incompetent is a dyed in the wool #brexiteer betraying the core #labour value of protecting jobs &amp; workplace rights by facilitating #brexit because he believes the dire consequences will drive people to the hard left policies of his puppet masters
BREXIT means BREXIT. You won, get over it.
The champions....look at the state of us. Infighting every day, Tories screwing the country and ballsing up Brexit. Yeah we're doing well (not).
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
Individual politicians in Brussels won’t miss dealing with Farage etc. But the EU will most definitely miss the UK. We’re the 2nd largest economy, a needed counterweight to the €zone, 3m union citizens live here &amp; we have immense soft power in the union.
Brexit as been defeated. The votes haven't reached the number required.
Aaron Banks is to brexit as Kate was to Leo in titanic.
VERY, VERY, ODD. The poll briefly showed with 12,000 votes cast - seriously - then when I refreshed it went back to 860 something. What is going on? If anyone sees it again at the higher number please take a screen shot. Please vote. Please RT. #LIBERTY
What you need to know about the crucial EU Brexit summit. The Politicians will still be there! Manipulating &amp; Calculating the Planet until its Uninhabitable. They take a Lifetime to make Simple Decisions &amp; then debate why they're Wrong.
interesting
This brexit menu was a great conversation starter and attracted a lot of attention. People are concerned about what Brexit might mean to their lives
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
Compare, contrast, confuse and confute... Barnier's negotiating guidelines: Tonight's letter:
Brexit row: 'Utter c**k' slur as eurosceptic Tory MP awarded knighthood
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
#AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin There was never a mandate for the conservative party either mate and #Brexit
I'm 37 and remember the agreement being signed, very clearly. Age is no excuse. Even if I couldn't remember it I would still understand the significance.
Exactly I totally agree. #Brexit is not worth it not at all . We are the United Kingdom. That comes first fuck any Brexit deal that jeopardises what we have. We are all safer together. #stopBrexit
While the world falls apart, I still can't take my eyes off you -:) Good Night from Brexit Island x
Your country deals with your taxes or EU since Brexit is still being hammered out.
Remarkable if true (source) Exit the #Brexit , look after our children
A heaven here in the UK will be a living hell, at one time i thought brexit was going to be good for us, but soon changed my mind when i seen all the negatives that the people will suffer, oh i have to mention a thank you to the author of the above history article
Theresa May’s unloved Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself - The Washington Post #PassBrexitLite already! Brexit is a disaster cuz it was pushed for by right wing &amp; left wing that can’t agree on anything else and there won’t be a new vote
What I Learned – Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May’s ‘pitiful’ Brexit deal
Boris Johnson could face prosecution over his big red Brexit bus #Brexit #borisjohnson #uk via
That's brexit for you. It could never be good.
This has just cheered up an otherwise sad day when a nasty bout of flu has kept me away from 50,000 rejoicing Welshman at the Principality Stadium.
I've read 40 of Theresa Mays wants and true answers, these are available to read on stand up for brexit web page. It is very enlightening.
Give the Falklands back while we are at it, it's the Brexit clearance, everything must go!
NATIONAL NEWS: May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
"Why is America awol when Britain and Europe need America more than they have perhaps at any time since 1989?"
Wild speculation, 3 polls in 2 weeks have shown a majority for Brexit and no second referendum. Do research dont believe sound bites from centrists
You could write a book on it. Sounds a bit far fetched tho.
He did come to Claygate once but it is in his constituency.
Stronger together!
Wise words from the FT: The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse | Financial Times
Arlene Foster says May's Brexit deal is 'not in Northern Ireland's interest' via
It is claimed that has been on the right side of history. However, history will judge if he is... still!
NATIONAL NEWS: May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
A strong leader could take the country out completely and there is not much they could do about it unless they want to drop bombs.
Try working for a living.
“..however rightwing they are painted, [EU elite] are tackling the same problems with a closer eye on social cohesion and poverty than any UK government of the past 10 years. So Europe remains the best option for any Labour member”.
Because the stop the war achieved lots, the stop brexit achieved lots, I|'m sure the germans wouldn't have bombed london if they protested :)
PLEASE JOIN US ON 9TH DECEMBER FOR THE GREAT BREXIT BETRAYAL RALLY....LET'S SHOW TREACHEROUS MAY WHAT WE THINK...please take a look at the attached video....goose bumps time....
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU - The Guardian via
cobblers - corbyn supports may and #farage's brexit. he even had the loony DUP on his side the other day
Think that's diplomatic speak for GIRFUY Theresa and the UK!
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOL She said "why you lying I didn't agree to shit fam"
“Theresa May, has succeeded in what she set out to do. She has brought the country together. Politicians of all colors, along with their supporters, are at last in full agreement. They are united in their hatred of Mrs. May’s Brexit deal.”
Meanwhile Jorge Faurie (Argentina’s Foreign Sec) has stated baldly that his country will use a No Deal Brexit to “enhance” their claim over the territory. A good thing that Argentina hasn’t ever gone to war to try and claim the islands, eh? What? Oh.
What is your view of the broadcaster Terry Christian’s assertion that Brexit will be the biggest disaster in modern history, with the loss of all our rights? by Ciaran Irvine
I would watch the smash hit blockbuster version of Brexit
Brexit deal is a 'country mile from what people voted for', says Owen Paterson MP | talkRADIO via
That’s half the problem - there is no precedent for Brexit ... so it should go back to a second vote now we know the Leave Campaign acted illegally and were funded by Bannon &amp; co
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
Ladies and gentleme, the new minister for Brexit. #KnowsAGoodDealWhenHeSeesOne #RoseTinted #mufc
Sounds good to me "The prize would be the strategic defeat of Conservatism and its likely fragmentation, plus the revival of Britain’s economy." #Brexit #BrexitShambles
#Spectator’s leading #Brexiteer complaining that former #colony #Ireland has become #independent and follow its own interests and not those of the #colonial master in #London. #hardbrexit #eupol #Leave #Brexit
The great British public need to put their brexit opinions aside n vote for the pot asbo pot noodle sisters to get booted out #xfactor
is bribing MP’s to vote with her on #Brexit by the use of the honours system this is corrupt and contemptible. #PeoplesVote
Fuck Brexit
Even pro-Brexiteers admit the UK will be better off staying in EU.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
What your panellists again fail to recognise is that the Irish Border is Brexit’s fatal flaw.
She fought for the job in order to do what she is doing now, SELLING US OUT TO EU -----
The United Kingdom is “on the verge of making a historic mistake” if it votes through the draft Brexit agreement, former British foreign secretary Boris Johnson has said. via
Brussels sees its Brexit mission accomplished via
Any one suggesting the Irishness rests on genetics rather than upbringing needs to read this and weep.
I’m more critical of the Tories. They caused this Brexit mess and have betrayed remain and leave voters to save their party
Brexit means Brexit pet
Must admit Im loving articles more and more. Nice to see #BollockstoBrexit getting a mention as well and the youths insight.
There is no good Brexit! #PeoplesVote #Remain
Freedom of movement includes our freedom to move freely around Europe. So what will replace it?
Check out this site it’s a revelation;
Project fear? Project reality more like. #exitfrombrexit #StopBrexit #Brexit #LibDems Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Is the UK at last turning into a tough adversary on Brexit - or is it all just an accident? via
May vs. Corbyn on Brexit. It’s going to be like watching two bald men fighting over a comb.
They still love him, even though they think he is an idiot re: Brexit.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
#Gibraltar now. The stench of appeasement is in the air. Is someone going to organise a popular uprising? I will be there. #Brexit
Thanks, , for this important coverage. #EndClimateSilence.
NEWS: May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
» Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson: Why I Voted For Brexit -
Which stage of the final Brexit negotiation is this?
Theresa May is humiliating the country. I’ve never seen a PM sell out the Nation &amp; be so duplicitous. I can no longer believe a word she says. The EU are laughing at us. #Brexit #MayMustGo
NO just wishful thinking on your part ...
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
Parliament is appropriately treating what has become a global white collar crime conspiracy. Good for them Hopefully these papers confirm the truth - that Sheryl &amp; Zuck were well aware of ’s active role in Brexit &amp; other anti-democratic conspiracies - &amp; lied about it.
If he's this pleased, you can bet Gibraltans won't be.
Boris Johnson calls for 'no deal' Brexit minister. #Reuters
May Appeals to Voters as Gibraltar Spat Drags on: Brexit Update – Yahoo News
Worth a go
Could this be possible?
A Russian on the Brexit deal 'Vell, it's zoundz like a lot of taxzation vithout any reprezentation'
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Stop Brexit.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
I hope it ends well for those that live in Gibratar. Less than 100 people in total voted to leave the EU. There is absolutely no advantage for them to be part of the UK IF Brexit is allowed to go through.
What's next for Brexit Maybe a UK re-vote is in order. Sounds like many Brits are regretting their Brexit "aye" votes.
Gibraltar compromise clears the way for Brexit deal
Brexit is over defeated surrendered. I will never vote again. Betrayed.
Can the EU States block Brexit? How? by John Gordon
Oops, I think I just ended a friendship between two people tonight by asking about brexit. #london
Brexit Britain will be far more assertive (mean again) and in need of a bigger military that could be much less in tune with the rest of NATO allies
What is a WTO Brexit?
Surrender Document .................BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
UK wine retailer to stockpile up to $10 million in extra bottles ahead of Brexit
They don’t want Brexit
just when you think she has reached the pinnacle of being a looser, she manages to go one better.
Good! Otherwise it would be another nail in the coffin for the Conservative party. The parties future depends on the Union of the United Kingdom including our overseas territories.
From claiming to oppose mass immigration to claiming to support Brexit, being a brazen liar has been Theresa May's defining characteristic.
NATIONAL NEWS: May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
Corbyn and Labour = the party of Brexit
Always worth retweeting
Time to thank for his #Brexit support and give him a knighthood as well.
Lord Sugar asked questionned why the EU should accommodate Brexit, as it did not ask Britain to leave. He said: ‘Why should they bend and agree to demands that people like Gove, Johnson are talking about and that other t**t – whatshisname, the bloke in the pinstripe suit?’ Yup.
You have been a cheerleader for what is going on in the UK. I got out because I could see what people like you were doing. As with Brexit, no good holding your arms up in surprise that it’s ending in tears.
The Mueller report can’t come soon enough to show the full extent of Russia’s interference in Brexit and America.
Once again, blame Corbyn for an imaginary scenario if you like. But these are the facts, on the ground, by people who are affected. Facts aren’t always welcome, but this is the reality we face from Brexit.
A more accurate reading of this is: EU's problems considerably deeper and more significant than just Brexit.
More people voted for Brexit than voted in the last few general elections. Mr Soros knows a lot about dark cash (allegedly), and how about that leaflet that was so generously sent out to every home in Britain at a cost of £9mill ...
This is a calamitous, cowardly #Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU via
No one in their right mind would believe 2 Etonian twats and no one did, however 1/4 of people that voted Brexit said they were misled &amp; lied to. Eton has created some very unsavoury people those 2 B. Johnson, Rees mogg &amp; Alexander Nix CEO of Cambridge Analytica who were caught-
The great explains the reality behind #Brexit
I understand Bradley is the reason we have jack Brereton pretending to represent Stoke South. She insisted the Brexit supporting Joe Rich was dropped in favour of her pet poodle Jack. Sad state of affairs
"Don't bring down Theresa May," Boris Johnson tells the DUP. "Just get behind me, and I'll do it." Piece from DUP conference here, the "Winners Anonymous" meeting where everyone got what they wanted and it ruined their lives.
We should just bin Brexit and #Remain then, it was a stupid idea from the start.
Exclusive study unveils the gap in generational attitudes over Brexit's economic damage
GET OUT THERESA MAY!! TRAITOR! People voted for Brexit!! Not for this sh*t you have just done, which is another thing!! GLOBALISTS BITCH!
Another Iranian Migrant Boat Arrives in Dover, French Claim Smuggling ‘Explosion’ Driven by Brexit: via
I don’t think the British public have any taste. They can’t even be trusted to vote properly on #xfactor no wonder #brexit was such a shock! #peasants
As things stand it is the Withdrawal Agreement or No Deal thanks to this disasterous Brexit managed by the Tories and the DUP. A second referendum is a must to avoid chaos!
Nicola Sturgeon challenges Theresa May to debate on Brexit deal
"Everyone reads the UK papers here. We saw it all, every comment, every contradiction ... People were laughing – rolling their eyes – at some of the most extreme, the most arrogant, stuff.”
Spot on explanations and analysis - can't believe we've chosen to be in this position of "national diminishment" &amp; "disenfranchisement" ... there's a place in hell reserved for the mendacious and duplicitous architects of Brexit ... and no peace ahead for Leave or Remain voters
Never in modern UK history has there been two such catastrophic acts of betrayal by an elected uk govt against its own people as austerity and brexit. The Tories are traitors who should be in prison for their crimes
I can't help but think the same, why are they not being honest about the consequences on brexit. *puts tin foil hat on* the Russians have something on the Tories. I can't think other any reason why she would crack on with brexit.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? —- very clear analysis of European view
unrepresentative of her own constituents views....are you going to vote with the Government deal to give away Sovereignty we actually have?
Everyone who voted for brexit can actually suck their mothers
Spain are clearly happy about something. #Gibraltar not so much. "Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat"
Brexit row: 'Utter c**k' slur as eurosceptic Tory MP awarded knighthood
I find the Telegraph's Brexit coverage is the best in town. Fast analysis of both UK and Brussels developments by well-connected reporters. And diverse writers so you get both the leave and remain perspectives. Well worth the subscription!
Brexit-style. Want access? Cough up. Poor? Then it's not for you.
question; Is the UK giving up Gibraltar in Brexit?
So why didn't any of the tories who did believe in it depose her once her position became completely untenable on June 8 2017? Could it be that they all know brexit is shit.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
Panic because of Brexit maybe #FurryTides
'A bloody CHARADE' May’s EU visit pointless as UK will leave with 'managed' Brexit no deal
Any evidence for this to stop Brexit &amp; end the fears?
[SKY] May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
Looks a lot like it seems. Can we challenge the legality through the Scottish judicial system, any centuries old veto or challenge we could use? This to Lawyers specialising in Scots Law. Dig deep, your country needs you.
Brexit deal: Lord Trimble ridicules no deal Brexit fears - insists EU is not profitable | UK | News |
And the Leave side said nothing will affect Brexit but we would prosper... how those words have seen the opposite effect
UK wine retailer to stockpile up to $10 million in extra bottles ahead of Brexit
Brexit deal condemned as '26 pages of waffle'
But don't you see that trying to please everyone by doing nothing is morally wrong? Thousands have already lost jobs and had families torn apart by Brexit, lives are being ruined, we are losing so many EU medical staff. And he just turns away to please certain voters.
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
Opinion: Brexit will hit women hardest
This sketch, but with Brexit.
yes i blame brexit
#Brexit deal will leave #UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader
#Brexit deal will leave #UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader
I’ve no sense of ownership over Gibraltar and I don’t quite get this viewpoint. I think the decisions on its future with Spain and EU are for the Gibraltarians to judge rather than the London commentariat, after all they’ve got to live with it.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
I want to stop Brexit because I was given false choices and information that resulted in my leave vote. I now believe that to #remain is the right choice we have to make. From an ex brexit voter
Brexit deal will leave UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader
Anna - this is not a good thing to retweet. Your general stopping Brexit stuff is great. The saving the barking mad party that caused all this shit - not so much.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of #Brexit summit
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of #Brexit summit
The Guardian: Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU. via
British Prime Minister Hangs By A Thread As Top Leaders Quit Over Brexit Deal
Gibraltar hung out to dry by the Tories. Disgusting.
We are a long way from the days of Thatcher Sam It's shit a remainer running Brexit it was never going to end well. We will be staying in the Customs Union. It's worse then being in as we won't have a say &amp; then they are going to spin oh you might as well rejoin then. It's trash!
precisely
It'll be absolutely astonishing if Gibraltar is hung out to dry for the sake of the PM's dodgy Brexit. All this from the party that was in power when the Falklands were won back... #Gibraltar #Brexit
That’s literally the only thing they are scared of and the only way we’ll get brexit
MPs’ personal views do not matter. They are elected to serve and to be held accountable.
Gibraltar deal reached by UK and Spain before Brexit summit
David Davis was Brexit secretary for two years. Blame him
Gibraltar deal reached by UK and Spain before Brexit summit
Wheatus. Wheeeeeetus. Wheaxit.
1) More people voted for Brexit than voted in the last few general elections!! 2).Mr Soros knows a lot about dark cash (allegedly), and how about that leaflet that was so generously sent out to every home in Britain at a cost of £9mill ...
Listen to the arrogance of the EU considering what happens if the Withdrawal Deal is rejected by Parliament: They could "change the staples or the colour of the paper". So glad we're leaving such a corrupt, antidemocratic and bullying organisation #brexit
Gibraltar belongs to Spain. Tasmania belongs to Australia. Ireland belongs to the Irish Wales belongs to the Welsh. Scotland belongs to the Scots. End this historic UK imperialism once and for all with Brexit. Go the Wallaby's.
The darkness is being shown to us here in the U.K. by the refusal of a prime minister to hear what the people are saying regarding this Brexit ‘deal’ . The fact no one wants it because it’s nonsensical ...yet she forges ahead regardless .
This sketch, but with Brexit
If we’re spending time debating Love Actually then I’d say things must be pretty good. Although, Brexit, Trump, things are pretty shit atm haha
Flock her
If there was another Brexit referendum, which (however narrowly) returned a majority for Remain, Scotland would be blamed for keeping England in the EU against the settled will of the English people. With any luck, Scotland might be kicked out of the UK.
#Brexit If the Brits don't get what they voted for on Brexit maybe they'll copy the French way of protesting!
Unless of course Vote Leave betrayed Brexit from the start by making promises that couldn’t possibly be kept. Then running away
the state of the nation
I expect it's so the people who've been told that immigrants took all the jobs will believe it's a real Brexit.
Brexit is now terminal. It cannot get any sicker. Fingers crossed we'll have a nice present for Christmas. #FinalSay
#TheresaMay vows to 'stand by' #Gibraltar following #Brexit row with #Spain
Knock yourself out.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit #sky #news
#Brexit meanwhile terrible things like this get swept under the carpet
Lord Sugar questioned why the EU should accommodate Brexit, as it did not ask Britain to leave. He said: ‘Why should they bend and agree to demands that people like Gove, Johnson are talking about and that other t**t – whatshisname, the bloke in the pinstripe suit?’ Yup.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit Sky News
Brexit deal will leave UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader ahead of EU summit: The Northern Irish party propping up Theresa May's government has said it would vote against her Brexit agreement, which its deputy leader said would leave Britain in a…
#Juxtasupposin #GypsyMay the #Brexit fortune teller . Should we act on what SHE says she "believes"?
#Brexit, #Banks and clearing: dealing with the #Risks
RT “The DUP should join with the Tory brexiteers to oust May &amp; begin to get ready for no deal. May will always side with the EU &amp; back a soft fake Brexit”
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Must admit Im loving articles more but does remind me that fishmongers have changed since I was a kid. Nice to see #BollockstoBrexit getting a mention as well and the youths insight.
So relieved to learn EU will allow us to keep our MEPs &amp; Commissioners after Brexit! #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #politics #PeoplesVote #VeniceConvention #SNP #business #politics
^ Dunfermline + | May faces Spanish opposition ahead of Brexit summit #Fife
Damn....missed it..... its already below $3,900 #BTC
Spoof Brexit shop opens in Peckham to highlight grocery 'price rises' post-EU.
I’m a Labour member, but do spare me your “we’d do a better job of Brexit” malarkey. Brexit is going to be woefully destructive whoever delivers it. If the country commits suicide, it commits suicide. It doesn’t matter if the suicide is red or blue.
Video: Socialist MP speaks against Brexit deal in Irish parliament
To be fair to Mike he has reached out and ask people not to bash Corbyn and his supporters as we need unity to overcome the Brexit issue.
If we stop #Brexit changing the political system will be just the start. We need a more sensible / responsible capitalism including investment in deprived areas
Only thing missing from Brexit is a slightly creepy and awkward love subplot.
You need to read this
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
Brexit row: 'Utter c**k' slur as eurosceptic Tory MP awarded knighthood.Nepotism
That's the joy of being a 3rd party country ! We have lost our seat and all formal influence. #Brexit
Please God, make it so!
I raise you BREXIT METAPHOR
It’s the will of the peoples - #Brexit means #Brexit It’s a red, blue and white #Brexit - never know the white was for capitulation
Can we talk about your views on Brexit instead?
I'm sure they're great, but WTF is it with WW2 nostalgia? Is this what Britain in the time of #Brexit is all about? If so, better look to all those other countries that propped our arse up back then, that many of us seem to conveniently forget, to step up again. Then again...
EU don’t require a Spanish agreement for Brexit to gain EU approval. Just majority voting required. How dare May give away our rights.
Another reason to #StopBrexit. It's impossible to get an acceptable #Brexit deal.
Residents of Ellesmere Port also voted for #Brexit ! Not sure what they thought would happen considering the areas major employer was foreign owned.
Each and every inch of Brexit is purely for internal political consumption.
Ex-British FM Johnson says Brexit deal like 'Titanic'
Apparently the Leader of is going to organise a Brexit Betrayal rally with Tommy Robinson on 9th May????? #Brexit #Ukip #TommyRobinson #NigelFarage #PeoplesVote #GerardBatten
One is Blairite Labour, the other a Tory. They both want to keep this neo-liberal Tory gov't in power and both want us to stay in the EU. So nothing would change and the class war they call austerity would go on. GE needed, Corbyn in..and a Brexit for the people negotiated.
Don’t ask the people. I’m in Britain. They vote Brexit, listen to Coldplay and watch X-Factor.
When former Tory Minister Michael Portillo says, " A Corbyn Goverment would not do as much damage to the UK as May's Brexit plan will do, "" Says everything really !
A French Erasmus student stopped by to say hello. Our young people will not have such opportunities to study overseas so easily with so little fuss in a post brexit UK even under Mays deal. Brexit is a massive bar to social mobility
Screw Brexit and Trump for a while. Enjoy the beauty and simplicity of this . I’m kind of hooked right now . There are many more.
Can I say in or out - I don't care: I f£ck!ng hate Brexit
Next time you are their, let them know that the money they tithe to their churches goes to places like funding the campaign for Brexit. How happy will they be that their charity giving to "reduce" federal taxes pays for white supremacist hate propaganda? (some will be happy)
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Important work, sorry to miss this opening.
This is no longer about Remain v Leave, Conservative v Labour, it’s about democracy &amp; the future of the country. I fail to see how anybody with the Nation’s interests at heart can support this PM, and this deal. #Brexit #MayMustGo
Some common sense. Rare thing at the moment. Dont get brainwashed by the EU led project fear operation to derail brexit!
And failing miserably. No one would seriously want to pay her salary for this representation or for this Brexit
Brexit Secretary on Article 50 brexit #daviddavis #parliament #article50 uk #mp
will you please resign already. #Brexit
If Britain cannot Govern itself via #Brexit, we may as well do away with the House of Commons and the House of Lords, because we will be a subservient 'State' of the German led #EU
Well done, Steve! The Lord works in mysterious ways, his media to perform. I didnt think I'd end up featured in the Inuit Northern Herald, either. Such is the notoriety of my GCSE student Dominic that his Geography teacher is in demand for lecture tours in the Arctic Circle.
When you start asking the PM "will UK be better off after leaving EU?" and "why are you carrying on with all this based on the result of a referendum where laws we're broken?"!! Shame isn't British. You guys aren't pressing this Government at all. #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
May is garbage
The truth about a no-deal Brexit - Britain and the EU
Again, isn’t the deal for the Gibraltarians to judge rather than the London prism?
MAIL ON SUNDAY: PM Plea to the people: back my Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
This is fabulous- lots of people accusing beeb of being the voice of the left and others saying it’s bias is to the right. Anti Brexit pro Brexit. Don’t like it don’t watch 2018 there are now more than 3 channels
The way he's been carrying on recently, you'd almost think he was a Deep State asset deployed to destroy Brexit.
TRAITOR MAY AND TRAITORS TORY PARTY GOVERNMENT + LABOUR PARTY ANTI-VETERAN PRO-IRA ANTI-BREXIT ANTI-BRITISH ANTI-DEMOCRACY ANTI-GIBRALTAR /NI PRO-EU VOTE THEM OUT
I can’t remember what life was like before Brexit
Wales helped to get Brexit. Now changed their minds.
Opinion: Brexit will hit women hardest
Brexit deal condemned as ’26 pages of waffle’
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
Just 1 in 120 Anglican bishops voted for Brexit! No diversity there then! #Brexit
It's an EU border let them sort it out...unless of course it's a wheeze to bugger up Brexit? Tell the Irish government to give UK back the billions they borrowed to get em out of the shite!
Why the hell should Ireland support the UK? We've been a thorn in the flesh of Ireland for years!
in fact, brexit is nothing if not an act of economic aggression. .
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU #FoxNews
indeed. enjoy.
And Gibraltar devotion to UK has been well and truly betrayed by the English who voted for Brexit which would destroy Gibraltar as the Gibraltarians clearly recognised in their own anti- Brexit vote . One more group thrown to wolves by colonial masters
Follow me I RT a lot of real news relating to #brexit #eutakeover #oneworldorder
Gibraltar compromise clears the way for Brexit deal 'simoncrosbie66
It's time to call it a night. I'm tired after reading the post. I'm gonna sleep.
Well given we were told we would be in recession months after the vote should it be leave, I think that any predictions are b******s
The Brexit trade trade-off | Barclays Investment Bank
Noticed the profile pic and wouldn't mind knowing if you see any parallels between Brexit and the Catalan independence movement?
But would a referendum campaign that didn't claim that BrExit will be easy also win?
All you need to know about Brexit is that it's the tragic cry of the dispossessed, the authentic voice of horny-handed sons of toil including the Tax Payers Alliance, the Institute of Economic Affairs ...
But difficult to see any benefit compared to remaining other than blue passports and a Brexit 50p.
I thought it was an excellent debate. Apart from the economic, political and social issues, I am struck by the human impact caused by Brexit.
#Theresa May's Brexit plan 'pitiful', PM's coalition partners say -
Think this was the day when Larry the Cat turned down the Brexit Secretary job after being told he couldn't change the deal. When asked if he could get the deal through Parliament he said "Me..ow"
The English have much to learn from the French. They are showing kindness and high standards. We USED to be like this but Brexit has sucked us dry of common decency. For what?
An interesting point of view on Brexit
Ireland owes the UK nothing
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
That's the genie out of the bottle. When Brexit doesn't happen and it won't. We will be lumbered with this
This isnt about fuel prices. It's about the same sort of people who voted for Brexit being played for patsies by the same people who promoted brexit. It's a lePen thing, but she is denying knowledge
#WhatDoYouThink Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' Brexit minister #BreakingNews #Reuters
UK wine retailer to stockpile up to $10 million in extra bottles ahead of Brexit
UK wine retailer to stockpile up to $10 million in extra bottles ahead of Brexit
[CNN] Top Stories: UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
[CNN] Top Stories: Opinion: Brexit will hit women hardest
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
When you start asking the PM "will UK be better off after leaving EU?" and "why are you carrying on based on the result of a referendum where laws were broken?"!! Shame isn't British. You guys aren't pressing this Government at all. #Brexit #BrexitChaos
To think I was going to get everybody socks as pressies. High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Brexit Deal Bigger Threat Than Corbyn, Foster Tells Times: Key PointsMay’s Brexit agreement would gradually create differences between Northern Ireland and the rest of the U.K., said Foster, whose DUP… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Genuinely think Harry Redknapp should take over the 3pm slot on Xmas Day. When the presents are open and ya belly’s are full, how much of a downer is it gonna be when the Queen starts on about Brexit. Would deffo rather Harry tell us about the time he run over Sandra #ImACeleb
She really has lost the plot xxx
Many Brits don't get how (visited the place twice) #Gibraltar is a place where people living there are *fiercely* British. They have voted anti-Brexit yes, but if there would be a referendum to say British something the result would be close to 100%.
Gibraltar have decided they want to stay British, despite voting unanimously to Remain, they’ve got behind Brexit without so much as a whinge, unlike our own cry baby Remainers, their PM is more patriotic than our own government &amp;it’s Treason May who’s willing to sell them out..
Gibraltar, like NI, is a weak point where Brexit delusions collide with hard reality. The withdrawal deal is a stark admission of failure by a broken govt.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin doctors delusions that are trapping us all. Leave’s rabid backers couldn’t be honest with themselves, let alone the rest of us.
Absolute rubbish! There are loads of Brexit MPs in the Tory party yet they can't get 48 or so votes to trigger a leadership campaign. That tells you Brexit is a massive con, moron! The EU isn't blinking because they know foolish Brexiteers like you are fucked either way.
lllll Theresa May insisted the UK's position on Gibraltar "has not changed" after she was accused of caving in to Spanish demands ahead of Sunday's Brexit summit.
I'll just let this stand.... #PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay with a stop #Brexit #Remain option
Theresa May does not understand Brexit BUT she is far from weak! Her tenacity is admirable and she has stayed the course while others jumped ship.
Another of the supposed "benefits" of brexit gone - we don't even get to take back control of all the herring and mackerel that we don't even really like to eat!
Imagine what we could have achieved within the first 6 months if had contracted Britian's top half dozen commercial negotiators to act as advisors &amp; coaches?
That 17% might have given their names as Anita Gopi.
Brendan's voice is pure class. That is all. Good bye X factor. You have lost your way #xfactor #brexit
#ChangeIsComing We're many but we need Everyone to vote. No good think your vote don't matter it does. You won't believe the spanners Tory dirty tricks they do to win elections. Well if you go by Brexit that should tell you all you need to know. Cheats fraud liars. #GTTO
May heads to Brussels as Spain threatens Brexit deal via
And she has the cheek to come on the box &amp; ask us, beg us, to trust her. Clearly some sort of sick joke!
Brexit has made this country rascist. Had convo at work with 3 white retired women....all their parents are heavily dependent on immigrants for their care... yet all voted to leave. I will not be stepping forward to fill these "soon to be empty" posts. Fuck this country to hell
Is it not positive to have another Brexit voice higher in the ranks who will be able to speak out for the Brexit people ?
Please hire Hodor to present all Brexit-related news, as he'd make more sense than most of our politicians.
Yes .... a game that went wrong &amp; no one will admit it David Cameron started it, for the love of god will someone please have the guts to stop it #BrexitChaos
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Damn right we will!
Absolute incompetence..
Google 'Brexit impact on medication' and you will see so many articles raising concerns. Here's the first in the list
And delivering a “true Brexit” that tanks the economy and isolates the country because it is impossible to deliver what you lot promised, will cause immense damage to our democracy. You wanted this fuckfest mate, take responsibility for it. You have no plan.
Brexit = Giving up Control
You know there’s a way she can test whether the people support her Brexit? #PeoplesVote #Brexit
I remember her on arguing with someone like that sceptics on #Brexit were letting the country down and that we should be united. Ignoring that the RW of the Tory party was the most divisive sector of society. #BrexitShambles has let poison enter
Good night and good luck
Any confirmation she’s also given away the Elgin Marbles too? Why not? has given everything else away. #Brexit
th don
another three reasons Brexit is such a waste putting great legacies under pressure. #lovethebrits
The Tories must have, Brexit as there is to much at stake.
#Spain's press: "The EU certifies in writing that it does not consider the territory of Gibraltar as British"[TR.] … vía #Brexit
It was more the fact they don’t pay income tax, but yeah, muh big red bus that nobody saw
Signed. #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
It’s becoming worse than brexit. Most of what both sides say is made up. And if you’re slightly on on side you get forced out into having to either love him or hate him. I try to say hang on lets be realistic and that makes me into his biggest fan.
I want Brexit so that my son can have an open and prosperous future, so we can continue to live in peace and so we can work together to tackle the real problems of climate change and the rise of the far left.
Where have you been, searching for your new Island for after Brexit?
Brexit is going to be catastrophically destructive regardless of how it’s delivered. There isn’t a better deal than the one we have now.
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night - Rory Carroll #Brexit
40 reasons to back Brexit... Reason number 1? We will end your right to work in 27 countries and move freely around Europe. Yes, that’s really no 1, the tories think that’s a good thing.
And then we can argue about the same thing in a new way, while driving trust in politics to a new low.
I think personally there’s two reasons why we are at this point. Either 1) A hard brexit was the plan all along so we turn into a tax haven on the edge of Europe or 2) The Conservatives are even more incompetent than we originally thought.
Wake up and smell the coffee Angela. No one is safe under this Tory Brexit. Every working right and protection will be ripped up. Oppose this or labour is finished.
Only one part of that is true. And nowhere in between is better for decades. Brexit is a dickhead’s idea for dickheads. And by all means be insulted by being called a dickhead. You’re stifling future generations’ chances and removing ordinary people’s rights. That’s an insult.
Accountability as well
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal
And yes, I think #Gibraltar should send an MP to the British parliament. Would be a logical move.
The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse
Goodnight world. Virus may kill me, but at least I won't have to live with Brexit or trump.
Never trust a EU politician! Their gravy train continues as they play the hardball give nothing to U.K. BREXIT game, of f..k the Brits. Trouble being the WA will not pass Parliament. So who is actually now in charge of our destiny. The U.K. Bon chance EU!
Cameron caused it, certainly. But not convinced it's saved their party. They're in a far bigger mess than they would be if referendum hadn't happened. And Brexit crosses party divide. Corbyn is a far more ardent Brexiteer than 50% of the Tory party.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
And looks like she's going to replace freedom of movement with, er, freedom of movement: "May expected to announce lifting cap on skilled migrants like doctors; + 11- month work visas; + special category for 18-30s to work here for 2 years." -
brexit summed up: public: “we want to leave the eu! give us our borders back! fuck immigrants! theresa may: *does this but ruins free trade in eu, free movement, less defence* “im sure you’ll be pleased” public: “we don’t want brexit!”
please help stop may's madness. if the Tories are to chicken to put their letters in then lets, let them know we want the to. please sure as much as possible to as many ppl as possible. thank you.
In my wee happy place I like to think that Theresa is deliberately setting all this up to fail in the Commons and then say, "well, that *was* Brexit, and you've said no, so Brexit is cancelled, we're withdrawing Article 50, and that'll quare and larn yiz so it will."
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit via
Any Brexit deal was going to be worse than the status quo.
Marina Hyde on form (as usual) "May still resembles Gromit on the runaway train, frantically laying the track just in front of him to avert disaster."
May is throwing away brexit then she will sign this telling us it a great idea then we are well on the way to being completely overrun by freebie seekers from any nation on earth
All I want for Christmas
There are millions of people who cannot understand why Labour are using the same disinformation tactics as the #Tories to try &amp; lie to voters. Get your fucking act together, stop Brexit &amp; get into government #peoplesvote
High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas Getting good vibes on this #FinalSay #brexitchaos #Brexit #fbpe #PeoplesVote
Labour are not being serious. The idea that Mays deal can be tweaked with the EU27 so that it suddenly makes sense is wishful thinking. All varieties of Brexit will have Mays problems to a greater or lesser extent.
I'm watching a film about brexit. I think we know who the real winner is
What is this "Brexit" that you speak of?
I love Jane, even after Matty Guy's concession speech last night, she thought pre-poll votes could win it for us. I've got my fingers crossed she's right. #vicvotes #auspol #BrexitChaos #insiders
What would Winston have said about May's #Brexit "deal"? Ah. Thanks Mr Churchill.....
please help stop may's madness. if the Tories are to chicken to put their letters in then lets, let them know we want the to. please sure as much as possible to as many ppl as possible. thank you.
In the grand scheme of things, I couldn't give a flying fuck about Gibraltar. It's not British anyway. Imagine if Spain took over the Isle Of Wight. The Gammons would be being their pineapple rings in a right twist. Fuck Brexit. Fuck Gibraltar too. It's part of Spain.
Good article...Clear we are a leader in the #scientific arena and strong links with #Europe are imperative. #Brexit #EU #STEM # science The UK's strength in science is because of the EU – not in spite of it | Anthony Forster
If a texan is Fucking a brit does that constitute a kinda intercontinental brexit?
Let’s have an election. We need a different government.
#brexit #leave #peoplesvote #gibraltar What won't May and co throw overboard to get a deal? Ditching Gibraltar Ditching Northern Ireland and Ditching people's safety.
Best way to beat the Brexit Blues ! Roll on Xmas
I am convinced that Palmerston, the chief mouser of the FO, is the lynchpin in keeping Brexit alive. He certainly seems to be more savvy than Boris Johnson
The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse
From the other side of the pond, #WRWY. Patriots stand United.
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
Too easy, lame. Happy with Brexit
And this is why Brexit... Merkel: EU States Must Prepare to Hand National Sovereignty over to Brussels via
My view: MPs get over yourselves and unite behind . Maybe you have issues, but the electorate would ally behind him. He would #Brexit. He would provide the vision for our great country. He’d win a big majority at the next election. #MayMustGo
please help stop may's madness. if the Tories are to chicken to put their letters in then lets, let them know we want the to. please sure as much as possible to as many ppl as possible. thank you.
has progressively shown she lives in an imaginary world. Time to go and take with you... To the La La Land of defeatism.
Unlikely to succeed as Brexit cheating in the non-official campaign, plus Ref was Advisory only... just adds to May &amp; her Brexit Mess
'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to EU
'A bloody CHARADE' May’s #EU visit pointless as UK will leave with 'managed' #Brexit #nodeal THERESA MAY’s visit to #Brussels this weekend for the special EU summit...
I suspect the UK will have lost control of the Falklands by the time this thing is done and dusted. #brexit
Irish Times Letters: Does Brexit mean Brexit?
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor
associated-press|Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms|
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
You are presiding over the most shameful politics I’ve ever seen &amp; perpetrating a Brexit that’s the biggest deception in my lifetime. Take a leaf from France, a great nation, like we once were but are no longer. Your Government’s a disgrace.
#Spain forces #UK into deal on Gibraltar before Brexit summit
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
#Brexit is an extended stride into Great Britain becoming a backward, dire shit hole of a country.
The problem is journalism and op-ed pieces all over social media. I've various differing reports on what has been discussed, agreed and written within the last hour. It's lack of legal clarification that propogates hate speech.
Yes, they are an inspiration. I hope they are not left politically homeless if either May or Corbyn gets back in after a general election.
We have a right to know who has sent in a letter and those who have not. Name the MP's who are choosing to betray the vote. #Brexit - totally disappointed....
Chalk up another brexit lie, although we’re going to need a bigger chalk board.
The weird thing is, I’ve been told by several Leavers this week that there weren’t multiple versions of Brexit on offer, and the Leave camp was never vague about what it was offering. All part of the new push to pretend they always wanted No Deal, of course.
EU would not allow a tarrif free trade agreement with the EU market without similar rules to other countries like freedom of movement etc. So a hard brexit still means these issues are there. If UK had access without rules others would want the same.
Brexit deal: Nicola Sturgeon wants leaders' debate on draft agreement. Sturgeon needs to remember her place. Only place this draft will be debated is Parliament. Unfortunate for Sky who likes to see dirty washing done on their news channel !
Thank you , is awesome.
It's about time someone did this. Teresa May perhaps?
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
Thank to Mat Pritchard for a great idea for a way forward. Exactly right. The referendum recommended leave, parliament explored it ad nauseam and it just doesn't work. Far, far better to stay in the EU. Decided!!
please help stop may's madness. if the Tories are to chicken to put their letters in then lets, let them know we want the to. please sure as much as possible to as many ppl as possible. thank you.
as says this is excellent - personal view if we end up with no deal British politicians are incompetent and rightly will be punished now and 100% ridiculed by history We would need a fast Chilcott enquiry etc
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
DUP says will vote against Brexit deal unless backstop removed
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
With the Brexit news that matters
Interesting. #Brexit
Nice sentiment. Now please try it again without having invaded another country.
Err Greece is now growing faster than the uk...it’s done them a favour in the long term, brexit on the other hand...
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar!
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Thatcher had a proper shooting war over 1800 people (and 400,000 sheep) in 1982. Is the current Tory party going to throw 34,000-odd #Gibraltarians under a bus to get #Brexit ?
#brexit ??!! Seriously #WTF Phenomenology pisses over positivism every time #Unicorns aren't real
dad gave dad took
Gibraltar deal reached by UK and Spain before Brexit summit
It's a spent force - get your rifle cleaned, greased and ready. You and your khakis are going to need it. We dare you.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
#Brexit. "Friends will be friends, right till the end" #Article50
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
2. I'll just leave here too...while I'm at it... #Brexit NOTHING LEFT TO RESPECT #PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay with a #StopBrexit #Remain option
#Brexit damages our economy, disrupts our social cohesion, threatens our Union (not to mention Gibraltar), destroys families, loses us our best friends &amp; diminishes our standing in the world. We will end up as Little England No Mates". Losing a war would have been less damaging.
I assume this is a joke tweet, any form of #Brexit is a huge step backwards. There is nothing positive about it. UK citizens freedoms restricted and UK business will face an up hill battle to complete against full EU members
Is this a deliberate martyrdom strategy?
Exactly why brexit has never been debated property. It has no argument for it. By the way is guilty of blocking left right and centre. The brexit bubble is about to go pop.
She is as thick as mince !
Fuck that Brexit bollocks. Finally something most people agree on.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal. The UK's letter does not contain anything substantially different from the withdrawal agreement.
agree up to a point but it not the rich xclusively for leave. Look at the Unions
Not a bad #Brexit anthem, either. (watching to #JohnandYoko #4hd ) #gimmesometruth #johnlennon
please help stop may's madness. if the Tories are to chicken to put their letters in then lets, let them know we want the to. please sure as much as possible to as many ppl as possible. thank you.
Oops brexit humour. Controversial. #ImACeleb
Against long odds and after months of wrangling, Brexit moves forward as British Prime Minister Theresa May secures support for her draft deal with the EU. #BlackFriday #Isles Happy Thanksgiving Ohio State
Against long odds and after months of wrangling, Brexit moves forward as British Prime Minister Theresa May secures support for her draft deal with the EU. #BlackFriday #Isles Happy Thanksgiving Ohio State
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
#brexit is totally bonkers
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
#Brexit could be the perfect storm for European fishing industry. European Politicians will fight for their fishermen, the issue is as emotional as in the UK.
Egypt and the UK are in talks over a post-Brexit trade agreement (Arabic)
UK within EU is dead.........Brexit.ring a bell.........
WTF ¡¡¡ Cheesy churros with tomato and red pepper sauce ??? Brexit it´s only the start......
Fucking hell if this how violent Argentinians get because of football, just wait until they hear that the Falklands Islands might be up for grabs after Brexit
while conveniently ignoring that brexit itself was an act of economic aggression "give us a special deal or your economies will suffer" brexit was always doomed because their maths skills were inversely proportional to their sense of entitlement
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms #information
please help stop may's madness. if the Tories are to chicken to put their letters in then lets, let them know we want the to. please sure as much as possible to as many ppl as possible. thank you.
The first Brexit sacrifice is Gib and Scotland will be next. Then the Irish issue will bubble up and mark my words Wales will Kick off too. Eventually.
They have had to stop objecting to Brexit.
untrue actually ...it will all go thtough EU once we leave
Stop brexit now. When you're in a hole, stop digging.
Is it worth £5+ for the chance to make Brexit void? Please support the case here:
The only assumption is that after a no deal Brexit the supermarket shelves will empty on March 29. The rest follows.
Brexit deal will leave UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader
As forPOLLS based ,all with egg on face ! Not even within COOEE! did they alll come ,#Brexit The daffy donald EFFECT , #wentworth now State of dysfunctional twats as community kings and queens ,DIVERSITY =suicide in POLITICS! #auspol #Gutfeld IMPLOSION consistent stability!
Well...is that really such a surprise. She’s been telling porkies all along. “Brexit means Brexit”, social care - “nothing has changed”, “no deal better that a bad deal”. She says one thing and then does another. This country is finished given her tame surrender. Shocking!!
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
Brexit deal will leave UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
For the UK, Brexit negotiations are focusing on trade and immigration issues. The government is planning to stop EU citizens from being able to live and work in the UK without visa requirements in March 2019, when Brexit is scheduled to finally happen.
This is the sort of blinkered nationalist claptrap we get from UKIP &amp; the Tory Far Right. A timely reminder that Labour Brexit fans are as deluded.
they had vote stay british like we did on brexit she flaming let them down this has got to stop before our united kingdom and all allies like falklands and gibraltor just fall apart what is happening emergency services need help so do nhs fgs QUIT now b4 anymore hurt
I guess you can only really be amused that the imperial #Brexit project actually threatens the last remnants of empire
The truth - as you have all admitted, one way or another - is that #brexit will make the #UK worse off. It is ideological nonsense to pursue such a self-defeating policy. #PeoplesVote
Replace Manchester United with #Brexit and tweet makes a lot more sense...
May Appeals to Voters as Gibraltar Spat Drags on: Brexit Update
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT: BREXIT! #FM19
Sorry Fraser but unfortunately the history curriculum is far superior over here in little Ireland so please forgive us if we don’t bend over to support your hair brained #Brexit Plan. We owe you nothing but contempt. You on the other hand owe us 6 counties .
"Can we have a second referendum?" Noel Edmonds' wants #Brexit overturned! Nah, he wants to remain Emperor for longer. #ImACelebrity
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
Bannon and his extreme right wing movement plan to swamp European Parliament with populist MEPs from across EU in May 2019, with help from Brexit buddies Farage &amp; Banks. This ‘populist’ movement is a global infection of #fascism set out to divide &amp; conquer
The deal is a trap - an obvious one - we will only be able leave if everyone agrees after the transition period - so what is the price to let us go then? Gibraltar? - Northern Ireland? - if a politician dresses it up as Brexit they are either stupid or duplicitous - or both
I didnt vote for brexit, I didnt vote for a Labour brexit, I didnt vote for a Tory brexit
Plenty to think about here - hard hitting analysis from Nick Cohen. The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
Barmy batten ? I see a true British man of the people raising genuine concerns on more than just Brexit. Tell me honestly that you don't have serious concerns about Islam and the Sharia creep, rape and financial jihad going on in the UK and many other western countries right now.
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th Hour Row With Spain
Brexit is a recipe for endless chaos and confusion &gt;&gt; Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal as leaders meet in Brussels via
British Prime Minister Battles To Save Brexit Deal As Ministers Quit
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
please help stop may's madness. if the Tories are to chicken to put their letters in then lets, let them know we want the to. please sure as much as possible to as many ppl as possible. thank you.
Ironically it only appears to be #remain folk who don't understand what #leave folk voted for.....
Of course, anyone would be very upset if that happened. But relying on blind faith, against all the factual warnings of what Brexit will do to this country, is massively worrying. Being told to 'believe in Brexit' is nonsensical, especially when you listen to both sides
He’s happy to mislead and peddle false information. He blocks those who call him out with objective facts. Typical #Brexit fanatic, can’t win people over with the truth so actively peddles the opposite.
Why Theresa May's #Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The #UK - Forbes
would sell her granny for this Brexit, she has to either have a shed load of bunse coming from trading the £ or she is the most vicious and vindictive PM the UK has ever had.
I don’t know. Might be one of the few benefits of Brexit
Watch: Boris Johnson backs DUP in demanding Brexit backstop is scrapped
Because it shows where your loyalties lie. If you're not a Brit you have no right to oppose Brexit. You would be acting as a foreign agent.
We don’t want Brexit
Write to your MP saying you have withdrawn your support for the party and that May must go and a proper Brexit be delivered
Our European neighbors are our strongest friends and allies. Come what may, we’ll stand together and defend our shared values. Brexit changes nothing in this regard.
Many Brits don't get how (visited the place twice) #Gibraltar is a place where people living there are *fiercely* British. They have voted against Brexit, yes, but if there would be a referendum to stay British, the result would be close to something between 95% and 100%.
Alternate, intriguing yet compelling #Brexit analysis from UUs Alex Kane - DUP to stay with May!
She's given away Gibraltar now!! #StopBrexit
If you’re a Priest in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in the South West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
Delicious irony, served cold.
Knighthoods. Lordships. Money being thrown around left right and centre. Bribery won’t work. We WILL have our Brexit in March.
If the take £3 billion to support the Prime Minister over #brexit and then say that if her deal is implemented there will be consequences, they lack sincerity, integrity and honesty. #sad #DUP #BrexitDeal
Increasing signs that sense will prevail and that we will just stay in the EU!!
"Judges are poised to fast track the potentially explosive challenge, after Theresa May’s refusal to act on the growing evidence of...
Bored feel like brexit biting sumone
Perhaps Britain’s Trump? How many ties to Russia does he have?
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
Yep Brexit is all made up hogg wash. Tommy Robinson was tossed in jail for nothing too. You wear hijab also?
No! No! No! Do not agree anything with #TheresaMay! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #BrexitChaos #Brexit
we now need a vote to remove grassroot Torys are pro Brexit let's have a no Confidence vote. She needs removing from office ASAP.
They ran away from the Tory leadership contest, then they ran away from Brexit negotiations. This is the best Brexit we will get and people who voted leave should stop moaning.
The Honours system, the most bold and blatant bribery system in the Western World.
Rather not, you xenophobic vitriol fuelled sociopath. Just me or ?
Five years max for a United Ireland and we can put all this Brexit nonsense to bed and all this sectarian shite and domination politics will be done with and we can settle ourselves and grow together..
I assume you done meant The North as in Brexit because that’s the only North that gets away with anything. Or are you really telling us the Southern Hemisphere are innocent? Nice try
This isn't a book report! I don't care if you know the deal inside and out. If it's a bad deal, its a bad deal. Also, there are 125 days until #Brexit
Brave lady. I salute her for her honesty.
BREXIT is costing everyone already. It's time to dump No Deal &amp; May's deal. We must stay.
Here's our latest article folks: "Should I stay or do I go? Labour’s Brexit dilemma"
PRO MAY MP KNIGHTED . Brexiteers Suggest ‘Utter Cock Rampant and Big Chicken’ for Heraldic Crest. HAHA. May so desperate, bribiing MPs with knighthoods if they back deal. What else will she promise them..... #borisjohnson #BREXIT
Oh yes please sweet baby Jesus - Not forgetting Father Christmas and all other Prophets, Messiahs and Daughters of God xx
when you have an idiot remainer who does not believe in it absolutely. However this is not brexit. So let the fireworks begin. The EU will not last another 5 or 10 years. WATCH
God I despair of this #LabourParty - my party for my last 48 years #CorbynOut
Is Theresa May the best person to secure the most positive Brexit deal for Britain?
Corbyn wants Brexit but knows he needs Remainers to win - the man is a lying fraud
3 Million Europeans in UK and 1M brits in Europe need you and you seem happy to give them a finger so do not ask for mercy...
They took one look at Europe over Brexit and headed back to their galaxy! #Changing History eBook on Amazon
Forget the potential repercussions of Brexit, we are already a decade into: Wage stagnation Increased crime rates A housing crisis Penniless schools Spiralling national debt Chronic public services NHS funding chaos...etc It’s a General Election we need, not a People’s Vote
UK wine retailer to stockpile up to $10 million in extra bottles ahead of Brexit
The UK and Spain reached an agreement Saturday over the status of Gibraltar once the UK has left the European Union.
#Gibraltar #Spain #UK #brexit stop the bullshit, this is killing kids! #silentdeath
I am angry at the brexit Tory MP's they knew TM was a remainer yet let her walk into the PM job unchallenged now we are paying for it &amp; at next election they will be destroyed
At fucking last, wakes up
He has stage presence though and comes across as someone Brexit people would love. Also he (like Scarlett) already had a following - this is his 3rd time auditioning!
“He reminds me of Trump” says DUP supporter. What an insult. Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll
BREAKING NEWS: May denies ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
It’s all an absolute mess, isn’t it? #Brexit
I really love how the Mogwai fans keep shouting "Brexit is Shite" hehe
What?? Why are we going ahead with this nonsense Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
No, the architects of Brexit exploited democracy for their own self-serving ends in the expectation of personal political/financial/idealogical gains and 17.4m facilitated this because of their personal prejudices/grievances/hopes/fears ... the shame is something we will all bear
As a lifelong Tory voter who voted Brexit, my view is Corbyn would be temporary, May's mess would have consequences for far longer
There’s nothing logic about Brexit. And very little about a Federal Europe (a Confederation would in any case be more logic). Let’s stick to Cambridge and leave logic to mathematics or Bertrand Russell. Marxism was logical?
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Good to hear. Will the Brexit-backing BBC news finally be coming to its senses over the next few weeks?
Gibraltar ‘will not fold’ over Spain’s Brexit demands, Sacramento tells DUP conference
#BorisJohnson, sniping at #TheresaMay, calls for 'no deal' #Brexit minister
High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal #Brexshit #BrexitShambles #FBPE #FBR #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
There are some truly wierd people on the #brexit. How do they get their trousers on in the morning?
Brexit: Spain agrees to Gibraltar deal, clearing path for withdrawal agreement via does this mean it’s definitely over between Adrian and Pandora?
Brexit is Brexit. If you don't like it ask for a #PeoplesVote.
Either you’re being willfully disingenuous, especially as someone who voted to trigger Article 50, or your researchers need replacing. This is not a “development”.
The compromise bit is simple..... you can vote for a party who puts rejoining in their manifesto after we have left..... #Democracy in action... #Brexit
What is a ‘proper Brexit’?
Ahead of Sunday's #EU leaders summit on #Brexit, #UK provides reassurances to #Spain on #Gibraltar to secure sign-off on withdrawal agreement &amp; political declaration on future ties with the bloc -- with the latest:
It delivers on 48% of the vote.
The Tory's have made it very expensive to bring a private prosecution, the crowdfunding took time There's been a few acts passed that in hindsight look like preparation for Brexit
Why did they bother? Referendum was advisory.
keep to your brexit league tbh
Well the GE is supposed to be the next step &amp; Labour will either campaign on Remain or some form of Brexit platform. Anything Starmer might have heard can only be around forms of Brexit, Remain is Remain. So can we assume that Labour will campaign on a pro Brexit platform?
Owen Smith. 36 seconds.. #owensmith #newlabour #satire #TonyBlair #blairite #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitShambles #brexit #legacy 9
So how come Ireland is able to influence Brexit. Using your logic the German car industry would’ve forced Merkle who’d told Barnier what to do.
We’ve had a majority Conservative government for two years since 1997, which used the opportunity to plunge us into Brexit chaos. Whatever our differences, I hope we can agree that a Labour government wouldn’t have done that
Why do you lap up the bullshit about how great brexit will be? Nobody has said why or how? And now it's been proved that the bullshit message was illegally funded..
Agreed. I haven't engaged with this issue much but I am tweeting about Brexit a lot because it will disproportionately affect poor/disabled people. In fact, if it happens it'll make the ATU issue tens times worse alongside many other things as it's less likely to get addressed.
Is Theresa May the best person to secure the most positive Brexit deal for Britain?
No, he's the everyman genius that is
2/2]... it [Brexit] is certainly the beginning of the end for the United Kingdom - (with May signalling today her readiness to barter away Gibraltar) - and quite possibly the end of England as a political player of any significance.
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Trust me, I do not want #brexit any more than you do. I just am not convinced either a second referendum or GE will lead to a change in course, and am worried it could make matters even worse, as both could also lead to #NoDeal
The most spineless Leader in British History, she will go down in Infamy. Her name will be used as a defamation for those who hate our country.
Intense preparations needed for the many challenges arising due to brexit.
And, for the latest on negotiations, we head to our Brexit correspondent... "HODOR!! Hodor... Hodor, Hodor.... HODOR!"
Between a rock and a hard place. It's not going well. #Brexit #Gibraltar
I saw that, thought you were pretty good actually. The only thing that made me chuckle is you thinking a 2nd referendum would bring us all together. That's bat shit crazy #Brexit
"And what are your thoughts on BREXIT, James?" The audience.....
Our latest article delves into the stats behind Labour's Brexit dilemma. "Should I stay or should I go? Labour’s Brexit dilemma"
Brexit is going to happen, isn’t it. #scared
Is Arlene Foster's grasp of the Brexit issues really that bad, or was she merely acting ignorant for the faithful at her party conference? #DUP18 #brexit
. on the Brexit deal: "The United Kingdom has not let us down. Theresa May has not let us down. She has stood firm. We have stood firm."
Well, sure it is, but we all need a break from Brexit occasionally...
followme - Brexit summit gets green light after 11th-hour diplomatic haggling sees Spain brought on board - The Independent: The Independent Brexit summit gets green light after 11th-hour diplomatic haggling sees Spain brought on board… - followforfollow
VOTE TRAITORS PARTY'S OUT LABOUR PARTY TORY PARTY LIBS DEM PARTY SNP PLAID CYMRU ANTI-BREXIT ANTI-BRITISH ANTI-DEMOCRACY ANTI-GIBRALTAR /NI PRO-EU ABOVE PARTY'S ARE VOTE IN LOYAL TRUE BRITISH PARTY'S UKIP FOR BRITAIN TIME PARTY UK DEMOCRATS &amp; VETERANS PARTY WE VOTED OUT
Get behind Brexit and forget about Irish events....Tommy and his latent joy boys will get you!!!!
Indeed. #Brexit is an absolute, unparalleled national disaster. It needn’t have been like this since the EU is corrupt and constantly in “mission creep” mode so there are legitimate reasons for wanting out but Leavers are generally old/racist/stupid (circle as applicable).
followme - Brexit summit gets green light after 11th-hour diplomatic haggling sees Spain brought on board - The Independent: The Independent Brexit summit gets green light after 11th-hour diplomatic haggling sees Spain brought on board… - followforfollow
via Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit Reuters World News
spanish idiot look what you did to the catalans the basques will be next your country is nearly bankrupt your youth 50 percent unemployed after brexit when we all go elsewhere for holidays your country will crash and burn
I liked a video Jordan Peterson on Brexit and the Doom of the EU
The same Hunt who misled Parliament about the Junior Doctor's contracts &amp; about #DrChrisDay? Who presided over the worst decline in NHS services in over 30 yrs? The Brexit currently under criminal investigation in 2 countries? The unconstitutional, unlawful referendum? Shambles.
Omg...please support
A better headline would be 'People plead with the PM to deliver the Brexit we voted for'
This sounds exciting, we can’t be far away from treason.
I think Don is spot on here Peter
Literal. That's all folks!
When you can no longer pretend everything is going well and is normal, resort to blaming the ones who didn't want brexit while shielding those who do. Real classy.
“October’s Eurobarometer survey shows that 68% of respondents feel their country benefits from EU membership, the highest level since 1983, while 66% – a majority in every state – said they would vote to remain in any exit referendum”
Is the UK at last turning into a tough adversary on Brexit - or is it all just an accident? via
Nice idea, shame such important decisions don’t get made that way
When it should be #Brexit at risk
It hurts to retweet this, but remember Mrs May that the world is watching. Many observers doubted our wisdom, but few imagined that your cowardice would mock of our resolve, and that you would auction not merely the family silver, but the family honour on the streets of Brussels.
New Zealand has objected to the UK's WTO submission. That is what consultation is about. To try and persuade New Zealand to drop the objection. Read about the UK's trade options here:- #Brexit
Can't see what's wrong that Peter owes three houses. The other thing is that the guy doesn't understand that June 2016 was just a semi-final.
Just heard on stephen nolan show that the brexit deal prevents us doing our own trade deals. Is that true? Please could you clarify this.
Northern Irish DUP..might..theory..too re-negotiate..wit May's 'senior citizen..theory ..@ Brexit deal
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal as Theresa May gurns like a loon
It really Is time for her to go; her political decisions ave always been questionable; the country must be allowed to vote before she wrecks everything.
Reports re the Superclasico between River Plate and Boca Juniors are making it sound like the football equivalent of Brexit
#BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May So should any MP at Westminster that has a shred of respect for democracy. May's disgraceful fudge is outrageous &amp; the result of a weak, pro-EU lackey in No.10.
Own it. This is your mess. You pushed for Brexit without telling anyone what the plan for Brexit was. This is all on your watch and we will not let you forget it.
Absolutely essential piece on the clear link between Brexit+climate deniers.
It is, it will allow the Spanish to leverage the Sovereignty of Gibraltar for a Vote to accept the Brexit agreement. Make no mistake they will blackmail the UK on this issue. Gibraltar for them is a Carbuncle that needs lancing.
I’m hoping it’s not too late. After the PM’s most recent concession to #EU our only hope now is that the brains of #Brexit supporters will trump the bunkum of those who would prefer to remain.
Brexit means Brexit, Brexidiots
ARE you REALLY committed to Brexit? We all criticise May and her plan. But what about the Brexit lobby? We have failed to unite for the cause. Unite NOW. Else we will lose Brexit.
Brexit is the spanner the UK threw at us
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
British Prime Minister Theresa May is kicking off a big Brexit weekend as she travels to the European Union headquarters in Brussels for talks on Saturday with key leaders.
hasbeens like Heseltine whom Sky News puts on every 5 minutes to rant about Brexit.
There's been twice in 42 years where the Irish political elite has played a complete blinder. The GFA and Brexit. Infinite grace and purpose. You might learn something lads.
A Customs Union is a hard brexit by definition. You're outside the Customs Union and Single Market. That's "a deal" that needs negotiating. I'm not trusting Corbyn to call it off. He doesn't have the votes or the time
Wife here 26 yrs, Could only apply recently due to relaxation by dutch govt over dual nationality thru marriange. total time to get UK citz just under 2 yrs at a cost of £2000, just to secure right to remain in own home. Trying to work out how on earth that is a brexit dividend
Is there any middle ground that bears any link to the reality of how Brexit will pan out for the people of the UK?
We are all losing now. Brexit is a shitshow. Things were promised that are unachievable. You won. Get over it
Proper brexit geezer is Clarkson
The best present possible if The High Court were to rule the referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
The Single Market &amp; Customs Union are an irrelevance. There is NO NEED for a hard border as goods already move between differing fiscal regimes #brexit
Conor Donnan, a writer new to FPRI, warns that Brexit may hasten UK division and Irish reunification. #brexit #Ireland #eu
is where he ought to be Marsan (if you can go without using a courtesy title then so can I). Mr Corbyn is doing what he is supposed to do as leader of the opposition and holding the government to account over the terrible Brexit deal they are trying to sneak through
Like you did with Northern Ireland? #liar #brexit
Hay, I could have too!
GOTCHA!! Someone is manipulating the poll results. Note the times are the same 4 hours 9 hours left. Someone is censoring me. PLEASE RT AND RT AGAIN. PLEASE COMMENT. #LIBERTY
Kaboom
Mail needs a proof reader. They've called her "Mr May" in that article.
Genuinely it is a serious question, not meant to mock it's just I have followed you over brexit and thought you might see some reason in all this too. Just Oxford University pops up a lot and well the modern libertarian philosophy with funding in educational inst is a concern.
I don't want to leave the EU, I think the deal you have is a bad deal and it's about time you gave the people a say... Many people that voted for Brexit in 2016 didn't understand what was involved in leaving. Don't make us leave!
This and the news that internal documents have been seized from a company working with Facebook. Company's founder was "escorted to Parliament" with the documents under threat of arrest. #stopbrexit
Brexit of discord
The people vote is a loosers vote. The EU won’t renegotiate. We don’t need a GE as there is a mandate to leave EU through both the referendum and the election. It was in the manifesto. That only leave an exit on WTO terms
They are not allowed to report on it just yet. News that Brexit is being downgraded further has to filter out slowly to ensure that the push for a tax avoidance Brexit continues.
Dear in time you could be forgiven for screwing up the Brexit deal, it was always a no win situation. You will never be forgiven for destroying the Conservative Party and putting Corbyn in charge.
There is no such thing as the national interest when it comes to Brexit.
That’s just what I’ve been saying in different words, May has sabotaged Brexit by proposing a deal that nobody wants, trying to force the nation to think her way!
Are you looking for a #professional #typist to #retype and #convert your #scanned #documents into easily editable MS #word? please visit: #AbuDhabiGP #abudhabigp #Rafael #brexit #Brexit #German #kookv #SaturdayMotivation #Paris #jjprinn #yg_treasure_box
Well you can hardly take part in the counter march against him &amp; his army as they are marching under a STOP BREXIT banner. Corbynites have in common with Tommeh that they all want Brexit.
which of the infinite forms of BREXIT that were proposed during the referendum was the one you were asking for? Please clarify
please help stop may's madness. if the Tories are to chicken to put their letters in then lets, let them know we want the to. please sure as much as possible to as many ppl as possible. thank you.
Taking back control?
Love it, nice try at deflection, and can't fault you for trying given the v weak hand you've been holding for last two years defending this cataclysmic Brexit shambles. But in the spirit of intellectual integrity, can you finally admit what a shitshow your "deal to be done" is?
Over 1,000 retweets for this article on May’s betrayal of the #Brexit vote.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
It has become embarrassing at this stage have a personal vendetta against Ireland every time the DUP open their mouth we have warned MAY we will block #Brexit &amp; stop Ireland Give it a rest Foster the whole world knows how bitter you are
Breaking #brexit news: Former Geography teacher at Dr Challoner's Grammar School seeks political asylum at Ecuadorian Embassy ! declares "I had no idea Ecuador owns a little piece of London. Could we let Spain have #Ecuador back instead of #Gibraltar?"
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
wtf is wrong with you? If remain had won, there would have been no discussion about what the UK could keep, because they would keep everything. You could have even, gasp, used that time to discuss actual important policies that you utterly ignored because brexit trumped all.
This is why Brexit is a mistake. Even when we have a PM who spouts xenophobic policies to placate her racist, entitled base there is still decency from our EU friends. Thank you Mr Tusk.
So is she advocating a people's vote then? That's the only way the people could back her deal surely? Otherwise she's shouting in the wind as, at the moment, only MPs have a say.
Amazing isn’t it? Stoke voted 69% leave &amp; Staffs Moorlands 65%. All local MPs got elected on a “deliver Brexit” mandate. Not one if them is keeping the promises they made.
I have never been more humiliated.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
The Brexit Blog: Reflections on the Political Declaration by Chris Grey
2 people claiming victory in a negotiation? Hmm...I know which one i'd believe and its not the one living in No10.
Fingers, toes and arse crossed...Void #Brexit But Theresa May should be investigated as to why she stopped Wanks being investigated.
For good or bad, it probably should either be Theresa May or Xi. One will, for good or bad, oversee the "success" or "failure" of Brexit. The other has managed to get to a place where he could lead China for the rest of his life.
Property prices in UK capital dip on stamp duty and Brexit issues
It’s clear that’s what she’s committed to now but what happens when she loses Commons vote by a wide margin. The fact that MPs could be held accountable for a no-deal Brexit suggests they would find a way to punt it back to the people in the usual spineless manner
Her time as Home Sec showed she is a bigoted Little Englander at heart, revelling in making things difficult for non-natives as she saw them; and suppressing anything positive about migrants. Brexit was a surprise job opportunity for her to legitimise her malice.! #PeoplesVote
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May’s ‘pitiful’ Brexit deal
The people who abandoned Gibraltar are 1. The fuckwits who voted for brexit and 2. The MPs who then slavishly conceded "The will of the people" instead of analysing consequences and then acting accordingly. A plague on both your houses!
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
No they’re not, if May’s betrayal is not averted at the last minute then UKIP becomes the only route through which #Brexit can happen, and so the 17.5m will logically migrate to them, along with all the ex-Remainers who have since woken up.
Still disappointed with my MP, for his slimy resignation from MOJ. He always denied Brexit was destined to be a shit-show but has now decided he can’t support this ‘version’. He’s a rat leaving a sinking ship and NE Hants deserves better.
"In the run-up to the 2016 Brexit referendum, the electorate was told to ‘Take Back...
I hope the tories are punished for this. Yes JC supports Brexit due to misguided state aid rules. But Cameron sold out the UK.
Why are some people more interested in the United Kingdom rather than best for the people of the United Kingdom
"If no hard border is necessary on no-deal, why is one necessary on a deal?"
Saw Attack of the Clones trending &amp; assumed Theresa May was taking a new approach on Brexit promotion. She's driven millions into poverty, reduced benefits to those in need, killed 100,000+ and made thousands homeless - while cutting taxes for millionaires. Vader would be proud
The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”, in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the criminal investigation into Leave funder Arron Banks #bbcqt #Marr #BrexitShambles #Brexit #BrexitChaos
No they shouldn’t, I agree, but they are so get over it. #brexit
That's one aspect of the policy. The policy is also what I stated. The issue is that we can't win a referendum without reasonable Leavers coming to Remain. People's Vote is an anti-brexit campaign that creates divides we don't need.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
“It was clear to most Europeans that the Brexiters’ promises were empty,” said Anna-Lena Högenauer of Luxembourg’s Institute of Political Sciences.” “Most, though, thought it was just politics, that there was some kind of plan behind the rhetoric.”
Privatised NHS anyone .. the Tories want the American " health care " system here .. hence them killing the NHS by starving it of funding .. they need to be voted out .. !! .. when brexit happens the NHS will be sold off to the Americans ! .. FACT ..
By playing an EU blinder I assume you mean facing both ways at once and pretending he could somehow get something called a jobs Brexit. He's kidding his own people, just the same old machine politics but of course you wont admit it
Liars, there was never a chance of a hard border, you must think we are all totally thick!! BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk says deal 'will avoid hard border'
The longer the #Brexit mess continued, because #Remainer MPs had so much influence over the Brexit deal, the more I thought Farage should step in to ensure the UK got what it voted for. But he disappeared to LBC. I feel short changed. The Brexit we voted for is not happening.
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' Brexit minister
lord Sugar. If Brexit was a fart what flavour would it be?
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
We have now sold out Gibraltar for #Brexit disgraceful I can’t believe what depths the Tory Government will sink to to ruin this country and why Corbyn will support this #PeoplesVote
before Brexit meant Brexit now we back in the EU, ppl can change their minds.
Sod a general election. A Corbyn Brexit will be no different to a May Brexit. We need a #PeoplesVote to stop #Brexit
It's a good job Argentina isn't in the EU or Theresa May would have handed them over on the first day of EU #Brexit negotiations.
Oh well poles apart I guess, just like people's views on Brexit.
After Brexit: the UK will need to renegotiate at least 759 treaties. FT research reveals that agreements with 168 countries must be redone just for Britain to stand still….. Took Canada 7 years to get one deal....do the math.
Literally one of the reasons I hate the #EU #Brexit #Remain #Leave Film Theory: All Your Memes Are DEAD! (Article 13) via
That’s the Brexit deal Harry,
It's embarrassing but if only this generation of Tories hadn't forgotten the lessons of Suez, absorbed by Heseltine and Clarke, they wouldn't have allowed Brexit hubris to lead to defeat to Ireland on NI and Spain on Gibraltar:
Really? So where exactly are these letters if no confidence? How is Brady allowed to play God over Brexit?
The Appeaser laid bare.
“I want to appeal to the people to back my Brexit.” “How about a second referendum?” “No, I’ll resign before I do that.”
What exactly was promised?
First the were thrown under the bus, then , then , now Gibraltar. will sacrifice every for this rotten deal. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
TM doesn't get the votes for the deal. She said it would come back to the house. Motion passes to revoke A50. End of for now. Think tanks set up how to Brexit properly in the future. Largest EU movement in UK reform EU.
Indeed. Clearly and early.
If we do Brexit properly everyone wins - wtf is he talking about?
Mr. Salvini, please boycot Brexit as long as #EU is criticising your budget. #France never measured up to the #EU budget demands, so you can refer to that abuse of power.
B. Replay over last 18 months, most statements contradict the previous one. She relies on listeners being #Brexit obsessed #Leave, or bedazzled puppets. So listeners: are you?
Expertly stated by a statesman.
Posted...
It seems rather obvious that our Prime Minister is shit at negotiating. I voted #Brexit, I didn’t vote to surrender. #NoDeal has to be the option.
Yes. You're right. It's all going jolly well isn't it. . FFS. Up against the most shambolic Tories ever, with the (usually) open goals of left wing strong points opposing Brexit and Austerity , and Labour are still slipping behind in the polls
The thing about weekends &amp; watching unchallenging TV is you can, momentarily, have some a modicum of respite from the pending #UK disaster that is #Brexit.
Fucking hell so Brexit was all about cattle in the end. You really are a complete tool.
A true Christian respects democracy and the people of their country, amongst others. Brexit was not a democratic process. Your country voted Remain. If you want to help the poor, don't vote Tory. Have you read the UN's recent findings into poverty in the UK? You should.
Well if THAT'S all it is, #Gibraltar have no problem, since under de facto PM Robbins, there is no Brexit. #DUP18 #BinTheBackStop #ChuckMayOutNow
Why ? Just why carry on?why Brexit? Why stab ourselves in the foot! Why makes ourselves poorer? Why why why????
Brexiteer backlash against May's latest deal as 88 Tory MPs vow to vote it down amid fears Irish backstop will stop UK striking trade deals
Guardian reports: T May : “I’m proud Gibraltar is British and I will always stand by Gibraltar. The UK’s position on Gibraltar has not changed and will not change.” British nationalism at its worst. Was always there but Brexit has shone a spotlight. Time to #DissolveTheUnion
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th-Hour Spat With Spain – Bloomberg
Any wonder, they got N Ireland, been handed Gibraltar on a plate, might get Scotland before the ink dries!!
Funny how the #Brexit pushing #EuropeanResearchGroup have succeeded in making Europe even more European now with #Gibraltar’s addition #Brexiteers The Britain you yearn for increased its empire not gave it away #LOL
6/x (22.11) Anne McElvoy another #Moralmaze/MM regular, doesn't conceal her respect/liking 4 #Trump (like most MM-ers); when talking to Prof A.M even makes ad hominem comments bc of latters warmth re #Obama c.15:00
Great. Saves me buying Christmas presents... #BrexitVoid #HighCourtRuling
the only way we get indy is with a hard bloody brexit....
Harry Redknapp is a true British icon and is the man to heal the divisions of Brexit Britain. SEND HIM TO BRUSSELS #ImACeleb
“a big thing to litigate the very validity of #Brexit. But if Russian athletes win Olympic medals when they're taking drugs, their victories are not valid. Same is true of a corrupt vote.” High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Xmas
We voted Remain but accept democracy and stick with the UK
1, When will they understand? The reasons that people want Brexit are not as simple as they think. The whole thing boils down to many years of total mismanagement by far too many unaccountable bureaucrats.
Countdown to Brexit: How many days left until Britain leaves the EU?
The Good Friday Agreement is an internationally ratified treaty. So she's basically also saying "F*** our international obligations..." Fruitcakes like Oakshott are genuinely dangerous lying demagogues. But that won't stop Sky or the BBC feeding them airtime opportunities.
Old Boris is certainly making a Titanic success of captaining HMS Brexit. His iceberg moment is imminent. Hope Arlene et al have made their way to the Lifeboat station.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
But Brexit was suppose to be better then what we currently have (otherwise what's the point?). "We'll come through it" is hardly inspiring
Is there no general election up North to be had, to get rid of these fuckers? While I'm not in favour of Brexit, these shitheads I'm sure, are the biggest road block.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Dave's Brexit Politics on Twitter
Does our military know that PM has signed them up to be more or less under EU control She has done this after we had voted to Leave EU? Has been involved in this or maybe he didn't even know same as no Brexit Ministers are allowed to deal with Brexit
No wonder the Eu kept inviting her back for ‘negotiations ’ , she came with at least one goody every time. What a waste of time she has proven as PM.
There was probably a quid pro quo Just imagine what the CIA was doing for the Brits during the Brexit referendum
May’s Brexit plan “was drawn up by diehard EU fanatics inside the civil service who, at an early stage, determined Brexit must not happen... Are we still the people our fathers were or have we become a cowardly, willing-servant breed?”
#Negotiating101—always set tripwires that can blow the compromise up: “If Britain seeks to amend provisions that it dislikes, the EU could seek to untie the package in its own favour by amending provisions that it dislikes—Gibraltar &amp; fishing rights being two discussed this week”
Will British justice finally take back control ? I certainly hope so as the current anarchy is highly disturbing.
"So get ready for Brexit advent, where every day in the December calendar will offer the chance to open the door on some new, exquisitely rendered political hellscape."
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - BBC News
Leavers were Brexit negotiators
Let’s send £bs to the EU now and receive not one penny back . Does this effect your thoughts on a Soft Brexit?
Did Merkel get the memo??
A ghastly result of this inhuman government’s vision of society. The dogma of reducing public spending to benefit the few rich businesses and people, will lead to breakdown of social justice. Brexit is the start not the end. #Peoplesvote #peoplematter
Brexit deal will leave UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader
Get ready for #Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day Happy Christmas....
Gibraltar may become the first Brexit loss for the UK? I think that Farage, Johnson and the other's who provided incorrect information about Brexit have a lot to answer for, but they all left Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Clive supports Brexit? You are aware he resigned from SC regarding it.
The only person who deserves to get more shit than Theresa May is David Cameron who initiated this brexit catastrophe but everyone seems to forget that
just disposed of Gibraltar in a grand Tory privatisation scam called ‘Brexit’. United Kingdom ENDS #FBPE
No one literally no one on news media or among the public in Britain is calling for a return of Empire wherever you got that notion. And no Germans are calling for a return to the Nazi era unless a tiny minority of loons. The Brexit vote is about the future not the past.
We have been faced with an existential question. Does democracy work? Yes; until it doesn't. What then? Brexit.
Literally one of the reasons I hate the #EU #Brexit #Remain #Leave #Article13 Film Theory: All Your Memes Are DEAD! (Article 13) via
Varadkar has used his position to look after his own people. He doesn’t owe us anything. We can’t rely on Foreign leaders feeling sorry for us and doing us a favour! #EFTA
Politics is crap and Nicola has a hellish hard job. Think we all need a laugh sometimes eh?
The UK is prohibited to start trade negotiations until 29 March 2019 at 23.01. New Zealand objected to the UK's WTO submission, hence the consultation. Read about UK trade options here:- #Brexit
Funny how every1 else has Sov except us when we all have the same rules? Eg UK doesn't exercise its P20 Tfeu right = the EU's fault? Maybe, this whole Brexit and alleged Gov betrayal saga suggests, UKs biggest obstacle to exercising its own Sov within the EU was the UK itself?
Compromise: an agreement in an argument in which the people involved reduce their demands or change their opinion in order to agree. i.e. Brexit that is not Brexit. Remaining in the EU while not being in the EU. It's the only solution.....
All the #BREXIT big problems have been postponed to transition period
Today's Independent - "The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”, in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the criminal investigation into Leave funder Arron Banks." #stopbrexit
ATTENTION ALL #UKpreppers this is important stuff for us to know! #preppertalk #survivalist #bushcraft #preparedness #prepper #preppers #camping #hiking #backpacking #selfdefense #Brexit #brexitchaos #knowyour
no way - both are dreadful orators, they can't debate. they both don't understand what brexit is neithet are they supporting or stopping brexit. they are the problem not the answer.
More fun than Brexit.
Oh you’ve just woken then!
The tragedy is that some Brexiteers are still fantasising the imaginary, unknowable and unattainable world of a clean Brexit and taking many in the country with them.
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
How long before Argentina attempts to claim the Faulklands and uses WTO membership application as a crowbar to get them back. Tory Govt screws Northern Island and Gib too. Tories will give away anything to get their precious off-shore tax preserving Brexit.
Madness, but unless Brexit actually happens, how can any of Boris's claims be proven?
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
This! A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
This is very, very disturbing; &amp; demands an honest answer &amp; if it's what it looks like, it needs investigating &amp; penalising at a very high level
Brexit has boosted popular support for the EU. October’s Eurobarometer survey shows that 68% of respondents feel their country benefits from EU membership, the highest level since 1983.
This #moron lives in a different world. #TheresaMay #LiarInAction #Brexit #Brexitshambles Theresa May asked which is better: Her Brexit deal or staying in EU - with TELLING answer | Politics | News |
#AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin The #Brexit cash cow after Britain leaves Europe taxes will rise substantial
Shitebag The Guardian: Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat. via
A proper brexit the uk need to man up!! Once we leave everyone will follow suit
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
And to think Maybot is not even negotiating trade yet, imagine what wil be given away then
dont worry they may be needed soon if brexit doesnt happen you cock
Brexit: Donald Tusk says deal 'will avoid hard border'
Whatever you do today #DontBackTheBrexitDeal whatever you do Sunday get that hash tag trending.
the #EU will stop #BREXIT if that happends. #UK just has to ask for it...
Shock and appalled. Muzolim walks into Brexit Boozers with 6 police man. Local erupts. They are throwing peanuts at us and one hit my pit bull, Rodney. See red. Not today. Brexit left right uppercut all on floor. Then Brexit bomb all 7 from stool. Fuckin fumin.
These guys will say anything.
Get on with it...
Court decisions tending to prove beyond doubt that Brexit referendum is not a mandate for Brexit or the fair expression of the UK people's wish to exit the EU would be of great help to Paliamentarians in opposing the diktat of the Brexitmongers. Fingers crossed for 26-11.
British Prime Minister Theresa May is kicking off a big Brexit weekend as she travels to the European Union headquarters in Brussels for talks on Saturday with key leaders.
What is higher - the law or those in power? With it he legalities of Brexit Results in question I hope so!
I would love to be able to say the same about you.
It has become very clear that Mrs May is 200% bonkers, she's massively deluded and can't see beyond the end of her massive nose. Wake up Theresa May before it's too late, please check your.. Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Brexit is teaching Britain its true place in the world via
This is clearly going to be a disaster. A little bit of me wants to see the carnage - games finishing with &lt;6 scores, angry crowds leaving in droves, weird attempts to bounce handpasses off the ground. It's like Brexit - until it's tried, people don't realise how awful it'll be
Thread
Brexit Sec? Larry for PM surely?!!
30,000 British citizens thrown under the bus that is Brexit
In a nutshell, Spain - which slams #Gibraltar as an anachronistic "colony" - attempts to colonise it using #Brexit
Jordan Peterson on Brexit and the Doom of the EU via
British Prime Minister Theresa May is kicking off a big Brexit weekend as she travels to the European Union headquarters in Brussels for talks on Saturday with key leaders.
What next? How else can Theresa May humiliate the Nation? Perhaps as a “temporary compromise” she will drop “Great” from “Great Britain”, hand over the Crown Jewels and lease out Buckingham Palace. #Brexit
Seems that the tories have taken over the local press this last week. Support TM! Support Brexit! CFP aaargh! Etc arc etfeknetc.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Arron Banks can leave the planet as far as I’m concerned. He’s had his fun, buggered his country and now he wants to go fishing. Ghastly bloody man.
He won't have time for that. BTW Sky is valued at the same kind of money as the UK Brexit payment to the EU. Which is more valuable?
#Brexit withdrawal agreement is as good as agreed. What happens if, a’s isn’t unlikely, UK Parliament votes it down? 2nd half of this podcast discusses possible scenarios. Labour game plan will be key.
Get rid of this spineless woman! Theresa May has given way to Madrid’s...
I've gone beyond caring what this waste of space May has got agreed because it's not going to get through parliament. Time to ditch this watered down Brexit deal and get what the 17m people voted for which is a free-trade deal.
Great thread.
What on earth are you talking about? The #Brexit deal doesn’t see any of this happening. #ProjectFear It’s about time you and others got behind the deal. And stop with the lies and scaremongering. Honestly, it’s pathetic.
Support for anyone disabled will and is measurably and predictably worse as a result of brexit. It will mean less staff and less money for social care too!
Your missing point. PM/Robbins/Heywood negotiated direct with EU. Davis/Raab et al totally cut out of the loop (and didn't see Chequers/Deal until last minute). So remainers negotiating brexit (hence farce). MPs voted to give decision to the people, 33.5m voted. That matters.
Traitors All. #brexit
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
We're doomed May’s Brexit deal: the legal verdict
They will not reframe it... It has been since day one about migration wether you want to acknowledge it or not. It is because of migration and the effect it had on tory voters leaving for ukip that you called a brexit ref in the 1st place so stop being disingenuous.
What a legend
'Spain has achieved NOTHING' Gibraltar hits out at Pedro Sanchez bid to SNATCH the Rock
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
It's agreed: Britain gives Gibraltar back to Spain; Poland gives East Prussia, Pomerania, Silesia and Danzig back to Germany.
Imagine there's no Brexit. It's easy if you try. #aboveusonlysky #channel4 Great.
6, Britain will have a difficult time in Brexit, especially with May in charge, she was home secretary when the services spied on the Trump campaign so reducing the chance of a better deal with USA.
I'm not really up on Brexit. In Australia we are an island so we have more control over our borders. But hey thanks to Brexit I get to see you naked I don't really care about Brexit and I hope the UK gets the best result for the people but I will ask to see more of you naked.
So it looks like Gibralter is off..united Ireland within a decade..Scotland independent...Wales? Good ole brexit eh?
If blood is spilt on the streets due to this Brexit fiasco, the fault will lay solely at the feet of our Prime Minister, this would be one of the worse things that will have happened due to government treachery in our history
It was a Lord Ashcroft poll. I'm sure you're equally as aware as I am that Scotland having a say in brexit would be met with outrage.
Liar! #ToriesOut #Resist Stop #Brexit
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU – Fox News
They are contemptuous of the UK. Can’t think why.
Vomit making . How much money are those idiots spending right now on those Brexit talks ?? Snd really, who gives a damn ? Shameful .
tbh we know this country was fucked since Brexit and now Brendan’s out txf
Sinking "The Deal" is a perfect excuse for a Hard Brexit which "The Elites" still want despite what they've been saying. I include Corbyn who will get what he wants as a lifelong Eurosceptic and can claim to be the shining knight who can rescue our f*cked up post brexit country.
Many, many animals are transported within the UK, daily. Reason: All the Johnsons, etc, want to eat their piece of meat. If you want to stop your barbaric trade at home, don't eat meat anymore...and stop using this argument for your disastrous Brexit nonsense...
All this Brexit talk about Cricket sounds like a publicity campaign from
OK so now we're going to throw #Gibraltar under the bus for the sake of #Brexit. How does that sound to you #Leavetards?
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Being told that jäger bombs are being replaced by “strika bombs” in spoons and they’re more expensive has completely changed my stance on brexit....
We should have never been asked to vote on this. #Brexit
An they are labour right wing
Certainly true that Russia is a greater threat than ISIS. Russia is already winning critical victories against the West, with #Brexit and #Trump. However, as they've shown, conventional military strategies are obsolete.
If we get May’s Brexit we will also get a Corbyn government after the next election
And please let him stay there. What a good partner he makes for the DUP leader!
LOL Like Spain had a Veto
James Dyson has been vocally pro-Brexit from the beginning.
4:24 of non committal, non specific, backwards, dodging, treacherous bollocks. This cunt has to go. #NoDeal
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
No brexit deal will. The only option that will meet the six tests is remain
Brexit looming and this is the best clown the DUP could book for entertainment? Where's that Madge Mc something lady they love? on ‘verge of historic mistake’ on Brexit deal vote, says Boris Johnson (via )
Great idea to test #Brexit! Maybe it leads to a wonderful #future! All Brits live in prosperity, in a land of milk &amp; honey, everybody happy &amp; contented... But if Brits mess up completely &amp; only few #greedy knobs profit, #UK can beg for #EU admittance in just a few #decades again
Is this the UK new communist party holding press conference?
our new declinism: managed crisis - forever.
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
Had a few dealings with Hayes when he was a junior Minister. Pompous, opinionated and dim: a perfect Brexit knight!
Gibraltar nearly stopped a Brexit deal
Fuck me Brexit is an almighty humiliation for this nation, with a deal that neither remainers or leavers want. #PeoplesVote
why are the british so terrible at voting? the conservative? brexit? a&amp;a and anthony over brendan and danny? #xfactor
No skin in the game, May doesn't give a damn.
Perhaps Don is right
Not changed stopped more like
I think Ireland has good reason ....
who gave her the authority to give Gibraltar away, did she have royal consent.?
Perhaps you can explain why Theresa May has hired all her Brexit Secretaries from the Eurosceptic group "Conservative Voice" from Davis and Raab through to the latest Stephen Barclay. What does "small government, low tax" mean to you?
Its probably what her cooking tastes like anyway ! Lets ask Phil....
Do you know what I want for Christmas dinner? Turkey Twizzlers. F*ck you Jamie Oliver
In other news... Commodity will still be available once brexit destroy a few accounts ;D
I know it probably doesn't feel like it with Trump and all (and you have my sympathies) but your relatively lucky to be in the US. Should try living in the UK since the Brexit debacle. Almost all out civil war!
Coming to a Brexit Britain near you soon.
This is true. Dave is responsible for this mess. Representative parliamentary democracy works. Referendums don't because people don't have time to think through the consequences of their decisions. I guess I will have to give Dad's answer to this problem. #Icallitabookalready.
That's a pretty poor attempt at disparaging both the AP and the SDLP. They both represent constituents in NI. We have a land border with the EU and the ramifications of Brexit are completely different here than in GB.
Some were, sure. What’s your point? That 17.4m prople should set aside deep held beliefs about sovereignty because Brexit isn’t easy?
EXCL Keir Starmer warns Labour MPs: Voting for Theresa May's Brexit deal is against national interest
Does it make up for Brexit in any little bit?
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
WD this is worth a read, a no deal Brexit would apparently have to be voted through parliament if this article is correct..
Torys slashing services whilst pissing away billions on Brexit. Can’t remember who said it but - the people get the Government they deserve.
Why Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The U.K.
OK, one more time, for the deaf guy at the back ...
Especially in the light of this case.
250617 The #USUKCorpGovt #ToryAnalytica #TrumpRussia #BrexitCoup agenda was (is) to portray ‘Britain’ as ‘victim’ of an IT ‘attack’ by Iran, to sink a Trident sub in The Clyde &amp; militarise their coup d’etat; for war &amp; to destabilise, then destroy the #EU.
Having been educated by I have found the brexit bunker supplies section in my local co-op! #adequatefood
I’m ready to fight them on the beaches
She lied to two Brexit Secretaries &amp; went behind their backs.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Strictly compared to #Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder
Strictly compared to #Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder
We are, but they /you lot have been infultrated by Tories merely trying to undermine Corbyn &amp; the LP, (same as the LP itself) actually, and using it as a vehicle to attack from, thats partly why he's not doing better in the polls,&amp; he has to keep this position of Brexit in Public
Well if we are to capitulate to May’s Brexit we might as well go the whole hog and let Jeremy have a crack. At least we will have some police and all the homeless off the streets oh and the NHS will be funded well
Totally agree. We have a bye- election here next week and when they came canvassing for Labour, told them I can’t vote for them because of Corbyn and his lamentable position on Brexit.”But looking at local issues?” No-my vote has gone.#peoplesvote
Quelle surprise. Brexit is madness on wheels. Led by lying charlatans now trying to wriggle out of it.
Alas, that is all seems to be. A gigantic, empty political cave, into which her office, our parliament and our country is being consigned by the one thing she's good at: an ability to stay being in charge of the Conservative Party
"Thrown to the wolves" does, rather, indicate that Gibraltar is being dropped into a worse position. As the residents voted #Remain they would possibly welcome the chance of staying within the EU instead of the #Brexit wasteland. If only my corner of UK had that chance.
Your last three tweets just summed up Brexit.
No...but honestly, how will brexit benefit you personally?
How Ireland is preparing its businesses for Brexit by via
40 off Theresa May articles of EU agreement are on the stand upfor brexit web page, it says a lot about what the agreements really means. It could also see end of press freedoms
Google, show me #Brexit in a video
Tomorrow's World review of the 1970s was so forward-looking and optimistic. How did the UK turn backwards into #Brexit?
Well in, proper Brexit
You do a hard Brexit or you do nothing and May must resign and join Vlinton for walks in the woods ......At least Brexit is keeping them busy ....
Not really. She's not listening, he's going to the people who are supporting the government! #Brexit #remoaners #moggmentum #BrexitBetrayal #nodealbrexit #WTOBrexit
Brexit’s culture clash goes deep; revolves around vision, identity, almost faith. Do we want a real United States of Europe, with freedom of movement operating in a healthy single market or do we want a more limited sense national selfhood? The former for me. Always.
Even the guardian is outraged by May's capitulation on Gibraltar.
European leaders resolve a last-minute dispute over the Gibraltar, clearing the way for a summit to approve a Brexit deal
After Brexit ?
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
#TheresaMay #Brexit deal
must be proud tonight to be supporting a PM who continually betrays the trust of Britons everywhere. It's an absolute disgrace &amp; I currently feel ashamed to be British. But I, &amp; others like me, will ensure that you get your just deserts at the ballot box! #Brexit
‘Help &amp; goodwill’ from Ireland? Fraser’s grasp of history obviously so skewed that he doesn’t realise the Irish owes Britain absolutely nothing.
Not in a thousand years.
Can’t see them voting for the current deal on the table, and word has it they’ll then vote to block a hard Brexit, meaning we have to stay or perhaps have another public vote.
currently many of the "negative" politicians in the world appear to have phobic issues.
Not really anything to do with Rep of Ireland what UK decided to do
Why back the (non) Brexit deal? Because we will be unable to do significant trade deals? Because we’re giving away our fisheries? And Northern Ireland? And Gibraltar? Because we remain under ECJ jurisdiction? Because we’ll be locked into EU institutions with no exit clause?
#Spanish hippies running a numbers game on Portland Bill. #Gibraltar #marr #Brexit
What they (media, Including some of the columnists in. The Times) are sanctioning by writing this drivel is a “no deal” Brexit, a consequent General election and /or decimation of the economy and then a Corbyn led Government.
F off Theresa
#BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
I want to stop #Brexit because Britain has been manipulated by selfish billionaires who want to keep vast offshore wealth tax free and boost profits by slashing EU employment &amp; consumer rights &amp; removing EU environmental protections. We other Britons will suffer for their greed.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
FIGHT BACK: Tommy, UKIP Team Up For March Against The Brexit Betrayal now on Sunday the 9th Dec. via
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
Love how the EU don't care about the UK's border with Cyprus. Only with Ireland and Spain. What about the border between the UK and France at the South Pole? #Brexit
Perhaps she'll give away brexit. We can consign it to history.
Brexit means that this is UK Health 'Care' in 2020. And Philip May and others stand to make millions out of it. Theresa thinks it's a win-win.
The Brita really screwed it up with the Brexit vote. Did anyone who voted for this consider the long term effects? I think not!
WHAT fekkin Brexit? The drop yer trousers one? Wow. Gib for Spain, an independent Scotland, and a reunited Ireland might be a good place to start. (Ha!)
It certainly is better than a hard brexit but it puts us in a worse position than remaining in the EU. Because we now know so much more than in 2016, we need a #PeoplesVote which will help to bring the UK together.
Nobody with any sense believes this. WTO #Brexit is the only way to go.
DUP leader Arlene Foster has said if British Prime Minister Theresa May wants her party’s continued support, it means removing the backstop from the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement
May May May Out Out Out
In the Netherlands. The barman just told me that people voted #Brexit because of your shitty, shitty government. They were protesting. An outside point of view.
Exactly Ann! Another reason we voted Brexit in the first place- make em more accountable. Shower of shite they are!
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
Just commented on : Another day, another Brexit summit - but this one will show us how united the EU -
Boris Johnson is a prat - he is telling the #DUP what they want to hear.
Leave iswhat we voted for. Simple as that. WTO is the default position of any version Brexit, so yes, WTO is what this country democratically voted for.
Get these vile evil crooked lying Tory scumbags out and forever plus right wingers from all parties. J.C. must be next P. M. For humanity.
So now explain to me how Labour can chabge anything on Brexit? They do not have a working majority. They are not in Power. There are no Tory Rebels and there isn't as far as I know a GE at the moment. The Tories are negotiating the deal.
This should be on the front page of every newspaper and headlines of every news channel. #DontBackBrexitPlan
It’s a thought. But I doubt that the most perfect curriculum could offer an antidote to the combination of entitlement and chippiness that makes true Brexiters impervious to both reason and reality.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
For those interested the full piece, "Should I stay or should I go? Labour’s Brexit dilemma" is now up here:
Never, you South African Scumbag
Not so funny really
#pm #pmot RT kathsamsonitv: WATCH: NicolaSturgeon tells me a #Brexit deal which would leave Scotland outside the single market competing for investment and jobs with Northern Ireland would be the "worst of all possible worlds.'' …
#AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin #Brexit is the 1997 version of new labour and that led to cuts more taxes
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
Dear Tottenham, wetin we do una? Shey na we cause BREXIT ni?
I CANT BREATHE
Can give #Bristol &amp; #London to Spain as well? We voted to stay in the EU as well not be torn in two by and stuck in the cold
The big problem is all the things Brexit was supposed to be about has been dropped. Not about money, not about control, and now you’re suggesting sovereignty isn’t important. Basically, there’s nothing left to support
Spanish Prime Minister #PedroSanchez withdraws threat to boycott #EUsummit #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitBetrayal
NI voted for UK to remain in EU, not for NI to remain if rest of UK left. Of course business leaders want unfettered access to cheap Eastern European labour that is one key reason Brexit was voted for in working class area of the UK in the first place!
This is worth translating for #Brexiteers and #Leave voters...roughly translated... Dear UK, we respect you choice to leave but we'll screw your tax havens and EU rule breakers. You choose to leave, we choose to screw you. (You did vote for this #Brexit, didn't you?)
May heads to Brussels for 11th hour talks as Spain threatens Brexit deal via
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
Simply too good to be true.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Every non gov't person of the UK wants the best for Gibraltar and its residents. Spain can do one!
Whatever you do #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
I blame was running for PM &amp; it looked very likely until gove knived him in the back, thinking he would run, that's why it then went to either leadsom or May. If boris had been PM at least we would have had a brexiteer fighting for us!
She spends over 2 years ignoring 48% of the population, now wants unity? #nope
Brexit: Theresa May accused of 'caving in' over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch EU summit
Seriously, #JC4PM could &amp; would have negotiated an actual deal Not, after 2years, supplied a 'withdrawal plan' that's worse than REMAIN
I knew that why brexit :) it's bout my phone more so and the crypt oi a I dropped indent say but I knew !!!
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that, when the Brexit deal goes sour, that Harry Redknapp should replace Theresa May as Prime Minister ;-) #HarryForPrimeMinister #ImACeleb
Well, no. But also, how? Maybe some sort of #PeoplesVote is required?
Spanish Foreign Minster says the agreement on Gibraltar most important since Treaty of Utrecht in 1713. This is tiny in the overall scheme of Brexit. The Government in London looking more and more compromised......
I agree. A progressive govt, a peoples brexit required asap.
'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at #Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to EU
#Forex-Euro, sterling steady as traders look to Brexit progress #forex #forextrading #currency #currencytrading #forexonline #onlinetrading #forexbroker #forexrobot #forexsoftware
What's next for Brexit
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
What's next for Brexit
Brexit deal condemned as '26 pages of waffle'
Opinion: Brexit will hit women hardest
Brexit deal condemned as '26 pages of waffle'
Opinion: Brexit will hit women hardest
You’ve only just noticed?!
Too late. When the payback for #Brexit comes it should include breaking up into smaller non profits, and the abolition of the TV license. It’s a dangerous monopoly funded by a regressive tax. Time to shut it down (we can get Murdoch by completing Leveson).
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
And Northern Ireland...
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Brexit Looms: Theresa May Wins Cabinet Support For EU Divorce Deal
bullshit There is no "Brexit Deal" just a meaningless bit of paper on our future that still needs to be negotiated. The only thing legally agreed is the definition of the EU "Red Lines" that were announced more than a year ago.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Sick of hearing about #brexit, but if you only read one piece on the subject this week, make sure it's this one.
If brexit ain't delivered I can see hell on the streets
Brexit row: 'Utter c**k' slur as eurosceptic Tory MP awarded knighthood
If you’re an Urban Planner in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Most Scots are blocked on twitter by the clown that is Mike Russell so we haven’t got a clue what posts to the mainly Nationalist element #SNP18 #Brexit
“We can change the staples and the colour of the paper, but beyond that, we can’t do much... The EU will not give up the backstop. It cannot. So you can do some tweaks, but will that really make a difference?” - member state diplomat
The Brexit Deal is not better than we currently have. You are taking away my right to live, work, study or retire in 27 other countries. You are giving me nothing in return.
This is truly staggering in its complete disregard for the suffering that has been ensured by the people of Northern Ireland #Brexit #Brumawards18
Toffs have screwd us we foted for no deal brexit simple as election now toffs out.
What weak reasons
I switch between thinking Theresa May is the lamest leader in my lifetime (A Remainer negotiating Brexit) to her being the shrewdest leader in my lifetime (A Remainer 'negotiating' Brexit). Time will tell.
Everyone has their breaking point, and if Brexit gets voted through, or we leave without an agreement in place, then I think (hope) we will see ours. It’s time to stand up for what you believe. Just like 'gilets jaunes'. #allezlesjaunes
Been saying this since referendum. NO-ONE wants #Brexit more than #Putin &amp; Russia. It rips a hole in European #defence &amp; weakens . So why NOT call #Brexiters out as traitors? #PeoplesVote
I know there are some strange pronunciations in the English language, but there's nothing as odd as "Brexiteer" (which is pronounced "fuckwit").
BBC News - Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop' I’m thinking Boris as new Taoiseach? Ever the opportunist?
No such thing as a Brexit dividend.
So the unionist have given up on their Empire. Yipee shouts zippy and George from Rainbow. #Brexit #Gibraltar #TheresaMay #Boris
Breaking TOMMY ROBINSON'S BREXIT BETRAYAL MARCH (DATE CHANGED TO SUNDAY ... via
If Theresa May was asked what day it was tomorrow she would give a 20 word answer instead of just saying Sunday #Brexit
We can dream
It was lucky then I haven't met her...
Can give #Bristol &amp; #London to Spain as well? We voted to stay in the EU as well not be torn in two by Brexiters and stuck in the cold. We need a #PeoplesVote
I BLAME THE PFI CONTRACTORS. I *TOLD* THEM TO INCLUDE SHIELDING AROUND THE THERMAL EXHAUST PORTS!! I DIGRESS.... YOUR PROFILE PLEASES ME... I NEED GENERALS WITH INTELLIGENCE... EVEN IF IT IS ARTIFICIAL... YOU JOIN ME IN CREATING MY GALACTIC BREXIT EMPIRE!!
Well, Corbyn is one of those Labour who supporting Brexit. He’s as hopeless as his fellow islanders.
has it been caught up in #brexit and they now have a customs agreement with the DUP????
i’m gonna blame this on inflation and brexit
Matthew Herbert Sets The EU To Music With His Brexit Big Band
Putin and Trump the biggest winners....
Now is the time.
"If current policies towards low-income working people and others living in poverty are maintained in the face of these developments, the poor will be substantially less well off” We must stop Brexit, or Tory Govts will destruct everything we stand for.
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
How do you think that would benefit the noble aims of brexit?
Even the left wing Guardian knows....
#BREXIT REVEALED: Brussels' plan to FORCE Britain to SURRENDER fishing access amid EU backlash
Sad! I hope we don't go back to those dark days but this Brexit might bring back the worst.
So here we have in Spanish one more betrayal by on Gibraltar. It's really hard to believe that in all our nations history so few, have handed over so much for so little and will be remembered as being part of our darkest hours.
If you value democracy , Please note that every Labour area now supports Final Say second referendum on Brexit outcome, research finds
been today and very impressed with more beers from England than foreign ones I read your manager supports brexit so I’m eating every day now in weatherspoons to show my support love the burgers and jack daniels source so much too
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' #Brexit minister - Reuters
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
#UK and #Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for #Brexit deal - CNN International
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all #TPA #IEA
Important stuff. That'll be 's case.
There is a common purpose behind this seemingly random madness.
You would be on losing battle Teresa May lost many Conservative Voters don’t think it went down well the Lies at last GE ie Manifesto re Brexit I know hundreds of Conservative Voters who will 4 sometime never vote Conservative Again..but best of luck chasing the yellow brick road
I’m guessing history isn’t a strongpoint for Fraser? He probably thinks it started with the invention of the Filofax and wine bar. Prick!
'UK is a colony!' What the EU REALLY thinks? Shock BBC outburst reveals Brexit 'defeat'
Great radio. Keep reminding us what's real . 'Tuigim anois nach spéis liom ach náisiún na mbailte fearainn'. As the late great Liam Ó Muirthile wrote: 'I understand now that the only important thing is the nation of townlands'.
Who cares? Corbyn could hardly be worse, could he?
Moin, from Schleswig-Holstein, #IamEuropean It's time for #ScottishIndependence in the #EU Time to stop the #Brexit madness! There are #5million #EU citizens #InLimbo #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in the #EU. #SNP #Indyref2
TOMMY ROBINSONS GREAT BREXIT BETRAYAL MARCH 1ST DECEMBER LONDON
I want to know exactly when did the #EuropeanUnion became the one organization that actually dictated policy for the rest of the world, because if you think about it #Brexit happened because the #EU are a bunch of idiots
It was always going to end epically bad, she’s a remainer so she got what she wanted, plus Gibraltar sovereignty on the table with Spain, I can’t believe 48 MP’s didn’t come forward.... she’ll probably give the Falklands away next too #BREXIT #NoDealThanAnyDeal
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
#Brexit WARNING: Boris says 'HISTORIC MISTAKE' will see #UK become a 'SATELLITE STATE' -
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
'UK is a colony!' What the EU REALLY thinks? Shock BBC outburst reveals #Brexit 'defeat'
Theresa May has tonight been accused of caving in over Gibraltar. The Thatcherites in the Tories will surely hat4e this. I've got a feeling that her days as the PM maybe numbered...
Any form of Brexit is bad for Gibraltar. Sadly this is just the start. As to May's re-assurances, she is once again lying or suffering from delusional psychosis. Indeed, the bigger the lie the more certain she sounds. If I recall Goebbels had much to say about this condition.
Just to add to the current state of total Brexit chaos...
Shafted by EU. Brexit: Spain agrees to Gibraltar deal, clearing path for withdrawal agreement via
No one seems to call out the absurdity of leaving “low skilled” jobs for the British people, whilst the “better” skilled are open to foreigners. That is the Brexit the Tories want. Why on Earth, British voters, do you allow that to happen?
Well of course it does because May has sold us a BRINO.
Meanwhile in London, Theresa May is furiously scribbling notes on a page titled: "Brexit 2.0 - a Superbrexiclasico" Rumours that she has written "Offer Tevez cabinet post" in the margin yet to be confirmed. #CopaLibertadores #CopaLibertadoresFinal #SuperclasicoFinal #RiverBoca
Brilliant #Brexit
Probably because I think the people deserve a sensible pro-Brexit party. That’s why I’m concerned.
The Withdrawal Agreement only requires a qualified majority vote to pass. Any free trade agreement between the EU &amp; another country requires a unanimous vote. It's not just Spain that will get a veto on an EU-UK trade deal, all of the EU27 countries will.
We're not arguing about the evils of Tory rule: that's a given. As I've pointed out x 3, though, there's no plausible route to an early Election, with this completely shameless Government. The priority has to be extending #Article50 for a #PeopleVote. Kill #Brexit, then: game on.
*cries in brexit*
SUNDAY TELEGRAPH: Secret Plan B for Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday
Just commented on : Spanish prime minister warns Brexit summit to be called off if there's no Gibral -
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! via
This is not very intelligent from Brexit Central
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Hi Sarah have you seen this?
If Harry doesn’t win this its a bigger fix than Brexit
You may say what you want to try to shadow the facts, but to most people the reality is rather different : Read "The Guardian" to have a better understanding of what happened today :
When she was home secretary, I thought she was a frothing xenophobe. Nothing has changed.
Brexit may leave politics?
Quick question: is there any sense in the UK that Mueller’s investigation into TrumpRussia will expose some nasty things and people involved in Brexit?
The prime movers of Brexit either ran away, or had 2 years to try to get what they wanted, and *then* ran away. It was always going to be impossible to give Europhobes what they were promised, partly because they couldn't agree what they wanted.
Imagine thinking Brexit is gonna make this any better.
No Macron wants tanks in England to punish us for daring to vote for Brexit &amp; that is what Merkel instructed.
Apart from that she has . . . . ??
Opinion: It's crunch time, Corbyn. You need to talk about Brexit and quickly
These guys are out of their minds...
You are being lied to by the Brexit-Ultras who’s agenda is no-deal so they can stitch up a grubby deal with the US. Read this and get some perspective.
#bcafc to avoid relegation, fook brexit, it’s all a bit farcical &amp; embarrassing now anyways
As I said the week after..The majority voted for Brexit,congratulations on that firstly...secondly how the British people will be made to pay for this...who knows but if I could have sold my house which it does not look likely now you wouldn’t have seen me for dust.
Wonderful, sensible France
This is what happens when the People lose control of their governments. Germany will probably be next. And If Tereason May fails to Brexit as per the Peoples wishes she will need to find a very deep hole to hide in.
Pretty bizarre given Theresa May’s refusal to debate Corbyn during the general election she called to gain a mandate on that exact issue
(Daily Star):#Theresa May vows to 'stand by' #Gibraltar amid Brexit row with Spain : BRITISH Prime Minister Theresa May has vowed to "stand by" Gibraltar following claims she caved into Spanish demands over the territory. ..
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' #Brexit minister - Reuters
Once we’ve quashed #Brexit, we can oust this, the worst government of the 21st century, and begin fixing the issues they’ve caused. First though, we get that #PeoplesVote, and end this farce once and for all.
#TheresaMay has taken the first step towards handing #Gibraltar to #Spain. She has almost certainly ensured that the UK Parliament will reject her deal. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
Really? Eu didnt look that bothered they were losing the greatest country in the world did they, in fact they have owned and schooled you for the whole negotiations, made you look a bit pathetic really
We should be doing this in the uk over brexit
I wonder if facebook was part of the Brexit
Following the PM’s most recent Gibraltar surrender we must hope that #Brexit brains and strategy will trump the PM’s bunkum.
That is not the only option, the most favoured option and most sensible option for all including Northern Ireland is #NoBrexitatAll
It's dupes like you that are oiling the Brexit pistons that are driving the changes to the precious Union that May claims to care so much about, but shows no practical evidence of.
It’ll be a PR exercise with at her side in its usual role as dutiful handmaiden of Brexit.
Oh really. I refer you to my recently published article -
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of #Brexit summit
What?
Leavers, you’ve now lost Gibraltar. Bit by bit, Brexit is losing what it’s taken us 100s years to achieve. Well done.
I cannot believe how the Labour party are turning the Brexit issue into a Labour Manifesto opportunity and ignoring the disastrous future their country faces if either a Deal or No Deal is forced upon us. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Fab thread. My thoughts exactly but expressed better than I ever could
Anastasiades heads to Brussels for EU Brexit council via
Well now, here's a thing. #StopBrexit #ExitFromBrexit
#Britain gives #Spain assurances on #Gibraltar to unlock #Brexit deal
Opinion: It's crunch time, Corbyn. You need to talk about Brexit and quickly
Can give #Bristol &amp; #London to #Spain as well? We also voted to stay in the EU and not be be torn in two by Brexiters and stuck in the cold while hung out to dry
Parliament seizes cache of Facebook internal papers - Zuckerberg has never taken his company's possible complicit behavior in attacking our democracy serious enough. The right side of history is waiting. #Facebook, #TheGuardian, #Mueller #Brexit
That aint going to happen Arlene, the EU have red lines and the DUP red line is not one of them
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
True to some extent, but don't forget that UK policy has always sought to undermine CSDP moves that might have spelled competition for NATO. Dearlove security and defence threat posed by May' Brexit deal
Tory Labour they only have themselves to blame! FREE MOVEMENT WILL END #Brexit Scotland #Remain #DissolveTheUnion #Indyref2
I can't imagine why.
Tweet seems to gloss over the extent to which Brexit has driven rifts within in the union. Why is it supposed to be cogent that the SDLP, Labour and the SNP at at odds over the withdrawal deal?
You are of course correct but her members don't want clarity, they want protecting from threats that do not exist if #Brexit is abandoned. DUP &amp; SF have a great Punch &amp; Judy gig going on too, only one who can protect a DUP voter from SF is the SF with the inverse also true.
I suspect that Theresa May handing control over Gibraltar's future to Spain will be the end of her Brexit deal, and possibly her leadership.
And of course Nicola knows that she'll look massively more competent than May and Corbyn which of course she is. It'd be look at incompetent England. Thing is that Corbyn and May haven't got long left now. The backlash of #Brexit should put better Pro-EU leaders in place.
I’d debate anything with Corbyn including the Withdrawal Agreement, and I’m a f***ing dog. #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Brexit metaphor
May denies ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
The first sentence is not true if by our economy he means ordinary people already not protected by our govt. Why should ordinary people’s interest be any higher on TM’s agenda re Brexit than it is now?
There are no real negative consequences of not delivering brexit this time. Doing it properly next time, by starting with an agreed plan then a binding referendum, would actually be a positive.
My local Little Chef is being replaced by a Greggs Never mind Brexit Never mind Trump *This* is what marks the beginning of the end for Western civilisation
What about freedom?? Why can’t the British people have freedom???!? That is what Brexit is all about!! Noooooo! They must submit to nameless, faceless bureaucrats somewhere not in Britain.
By Christmas Quasimodo will be gone no parliamentarian will vote for her deal giving Gibraltar away etc etc her Brexit will be voted down on a no confidence vote she will have 14 days to form a new government - Corbyn can be PM before Christmas call an election there finished .
Who writes an article about not trying? What would be better if you showed us what Corbyn did instead of asking for evidence of what he didn't do. Corbyn has opposed his own party more than he's opposed Brexit. He's as useful as tastebuds on an arse hole.
Hi Andrew. I know you are busy but have you seen this?
Deranged deluded and deceiving herself.
The evil witch is on her way out.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Brexit outreach events to be held in Paphos via
#ForTheThrone #Brexit #TheresaMay seen last episode of GoT for 27th time. Nobody realizes Danaerys as hope for #SaveTheWorld and acting and moving like #AngelaMerkel? Look at that. #realDonaldTrump Valar dohaeris.....
"...It was almost like the UK expected the EU not just to say what Brexit should look like, but to devise a version of it that would suit Britain.” People keep saying the brexiteers were liars, but maybe its worse than that - turns out they were idiots.
But don’t raise Ceuta and Melilla! Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
#Italia #Italy Help us, do it. Our cowardly government will not. #BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Italy may destroy EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row
The Rock
Let's hope Gibraltar is the straw that breaks the Brexit back. And I'm speaking as someone with no love of the UK's imperial past.
What a d**khead!
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
Perhaps if the politicians did an effective job, these protests wouldn't be necessary. The planet is rather more important than gongs for brexit isn't it?
. reveals that senior cabinet ministers are in discussions with the DUP to draw up an alternative #Brexit plan. #SundayTimes
This is why, I believe, that hasn't ratified the tacit trade agreement w EU, which would cement that piece of NWO. Instead, wait on Brexit, then start doing bilateral trade agreements w each country, starting w the UK. Wonderful!
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Brexit is well and truly fucked! Give it up!
Brexit latest
I liked a video Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar!
You know the last vote was a fluke Now people have been able to determine the truth for themselves, no way Brexit would win a referendum No way
UK&gt;News: Donald Tusk's letter urging EU members to PASS Brexit deal -&gt; #UK
We need to take back control and end the Freedom of movement. You, British people, will not be able to love, live, study, work , retire abroad. For once and for all. Let's respect the will of people. That's what you voted for.. Right? #Brexit #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVoteNow
In 2/16 pre-campaign IMF rpt: predicted UK unemp '16 - 5% rising to 5.1% in '17. Instead of rise unemplmnt actually fell to 4.4%. &amp; continues down (now 4.0%) So I dont think anyone can claim they "fixed" a non existent #Brexit related unemployment spike.
Brilliant piece. Now following (Y)
Check the names, including the latest Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay. "Small group, low taxes and 'radical' thinking on providing public services."
....or run away to escape prosecution
Oi do fascists still carry suicide pills in insignia rings or will you do the life stretch in chokey?
OK. And if #Staying happens, then let's immediately put behind us the #WeaponOfMassDistraction of #BrexitShambles, and focus on the real crisis #ClimateBreakdown #ClimateEmergency #ExtinctionRebellion
Putin, Brexit, Facebook: Your Monday Briefing
The absolute horrors of brexit laid bare.
LOVE THAT OILLY
Brexit backtrack begins… Raab would rather stay in EU than accept May deal — RT UK News
All the more reason for Brexit! Wake up Europe!
It’s N D
Ha, some see thwarting brexit as their job unfortunately..
Remainiacs in charge of Brexit, what could possibly go wrong...
Brexit Trouble Good for Dollar &amp; Mortage Rates Homebridge Financial Services
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
100% Amazing guy, please check out his stuff #XFactor #MakingaMurderer #Brexit #SNP
OMG! This is big! #StopBrexit
MY BROTHER AND I ARE Not skinheads! Not right wing! Not tattooed yobs! Not Islamophobes! Not racists! We're veterans, grateful for your gift of Brexit, but disappointed that you can't see the elephant in the room. Patriots need to unite against this betrayal!
Brexit
It’s like watching the officers on the Titanic fighting as the ship goes down #peoplesvote
I think there is definitely a plan but it's hers not ours she never intended to deliver Brexit it was a vehicle to curtail immigration
"UK Family" everyone! Add that to other sound bites such as "precious union", "strong and stable", and "red, white and blue Brexit".
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Brexitcasters, I’ve smuggled an Easter egg into my Ten O’Clock News piece for you - one of my binders! Happy Brexit Deal Eve, one and all.
I mentioned to him at breakfast it was International Holodomor Memorial Day. "If only they'd accepted forced collectivism,maybe we wouldn't be going through all this Brexit crap now", he said, before drifting off again. I returned to my avocado on wholegrain toast #TweetlikeHarry
The Brexit Brigade couldn’t muster the required letters to get a confidence motion. If the govt falls, that’s not automatically the end of May.
Hot off the press! Plastered Politics' Daily Review is out! Stories via #brexit #foxnews
Brexit Trouble Good for Dollar &amp; Mortage Rates Homebridge Financial Services
Not all businesses support Remain or watered down Leave.
If there is Brexit, it seems to me the best choice for the people of #Gibraltar is to reunite with Spain
They will be further marginalised.
It is a proven fact by NHS Digital more then 10 000 NHS EU citizens doctors and nurses have left because of Brexit. If you are doctor that can work ANYWHERE in EU &amp; have been abused called names in the last 2 years do you seriously say you will stay here?
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
"...the government (whoever it is) trading access to British waters in order to secure more favourable terms in other, more profitable sectors." #soundsfamiliar
The shambles Mrs May has made of Brexit&amp; the embarrassing capitulations that have been made to the EU at every juncture one has to wonder if there is now a case to rename our country as just Britain. Mrs May seems to have managed to throw away anything that was 'Great' about it.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
So the telegraph ran a misleading headline on Gibraltar, and then had a comment by the man most involved, the CM of Gibraltar, in the final paragraph of the front page article.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas Judges poised to fast-track explosive legal challenge after Theresa May’s ‘failure to act’ on growing evidence of illegality #PeoplesVote
Let’s fuck off teresa May and install Harry redknapp he’d get brexit done #ImACeleb
Why ever didnwe have t through with this in the first place?
We need to take back control and end the Freedom of movement. You, British people, will not be able to love, live, study, work, retire in the EU27. For once and for all. Let's respect the will of people. That's what you voted for.. Right? #Brexit #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVoteNow
that would be one helluva Christmas pressie.
As each day goes by we see exactly that!
Jesus have you read front page article of tomorrow's Telegraph? Our useless remainer MPs are trying to find a way to continue FOM:
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat.
No. Only remainers would say that. This deal isn't leaving the EU. If we actually leave then, and only then, will your finger pointing be meaningful. Except, as with prior predictions of doom, the good news will be "despite brexit". You're a buffoon.
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
Looks like the #Brexit vote may clash with the Scottish Budget. Ample cover for Derek Mackay to sneak through a tax hike...
If you think the EU is federalism... I suggest you spend some QT digging into EU structure.
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
‘Go back and show some STRENGTH!’ May must accept #Brexit plan's doomed, writes BEN BRADLEY
BBC News - Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
If we do go to war with the British, we only need to put a big balcony in Gibraltar. The dranken British soldiers will jump into the void thinking they are in Mallorca. Cheers!
Erm have you heard about what Brexit will do to Scotland? This is the “day job”
Theresa May bypassed vetting committee to knight Eurosceptic MP who had indicated he could rebel against her Brexit plans A senior Tory described the move as "seriously scandalous" There is no depth that our PM will not sink to via
Here's hoping -well worth reading Independent article
No deal equals cliff base jumping without a parachute &amp; this deal is base jumping with a parachute that is full of holes. We'll still hit the deck just crippled instead of dead. At this point of May's famous 3 options the only that makes sense is no #Brexit via a #peoplesvote
6, Britain will have a difficult time in Brexit, especially with May in charge, she was home secretary when the services spied on the Trump campaign so reducing the chance of a better deal with USA.
there is a sanity clause!!
no no, not at all. We just all agree with you. Plus on twitter people are more 'woke', many many people here for politics. Also many people are anti government in general. Many people here are pro brexit. Even #YouTube is shitting themselves about this LOL
The day Michael Jackson died, the day David Bowie died, Brexit, Trump's election - none of these are positive
OK, one more time for the deaf guy at the back: Brexit means British sovereignty is already haemorrhaging (Ireland won over NI border, Spain has just won over Gibraltar), and there are many more humiliations to come. One day this news will even reach Essex.
unbelievable, really, how low can this govt sink? Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
It’s so disappointing. I think the good people of Stoke deserve better. Totally futile to write and ask them to stand by their pledge on Brexit, they obviously have no intention to.
Such cowardice from may
this is excellent
Abysmal
The house of Ireland thinks Britain is not ready for brexit, so at least we're all laughing at each other
Good , they will be the b next to leave the EU, they have ruined it economically . new government has started italxit . Greece after that and maybe even France, the unDemocratic EU is going to implode
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Thing is &amp; I still cannot get my head around it Ray, is that some people refuse to budge despite the overwhelming facts and sinister reasons that Brexit was called, even when it's said to them that they too where misinformed &amp; lied to They still hold firm ,it's very Strange Tbh
Brexit is just first base for the far right. When do you stop feeding the crocodile?
Putin, Brexit, Facebook: Your Monday Briefing
Unlike 45, who can't shut his pie hole, I've never heard May voice an opinion one way or the other before or after the brexit vote. From across the ocean she seems trying her best with this incredibly difficult and boring issue
Unfortunately Alan, one of the side effects of having already been so disingenuous in your approach to and communication around Brexit, is that nobody believes a word this government says anymore. We’re genuinely ashamed for you. #Brexit
Who’s ready for another week of Brexit then
If only...
Cost effective #winning
here we go!!
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
BBC News - Brexit vote will be honoured, says Diane Abbott
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Tusk quotes Freddie Mercury lyrics on friendship ahead of Brexit summit
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat.
It's been a busy week. Not only for Brexit with May kicking problems down the road. She's been doing that for the last two years! I've been busy.
Tweet seems to gloss over the extent to which Brexit has driven open rifts within the union. Why is it supposed to be cogent that the Lib Dems, SDLP, Alliance and Labour are at odds over the Brexit deal?
Crux of #Brexit is that #UK chose the #MagnaCarta narrative identity it shares with #Canzuk over #EU’s Charlemagnian alternative. #Canzuk will become moderating force in #InternationalRelations; #EU will remain close ally. #ChuckChequers #RespectTheResult #StandUp4Brexit #ukpoli
I dont know the importance of Gibraltar to be honest. Once U r the part of Nato such place loses its importance, no? (please excuse my ignorance i really dont know)
Conservative MP, Andrew Bridgen, said: “It appears that there is no-one the prime minister will not betray to achieve her sell-out deal”. : May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
You could make similar case to say DUP don’t represent majority of NI, which voted against Brexit. DUP hold balance power by happenstance and political calculations, not voting or representation on the issue they’re asked about.
Tim you are a sneak name your favourite aspects of this treacherous sell out deal in fact name one #Brexit
I would spoil my vote,betrayed Brexit Tory voter.
Garage needs to focus ousting Mrs may! She is fuckinb up our Brexit! He is worried about hoop! He sold out!
Funny how the rhetoric from the Daily Fail is altering since their new remain editor was ensconced in that position! #ProjectFearLies #WTOBrexit #MayMustGo
Exactly
DUP says will vote against Brexit deal unless backstop removed
Alan Sugar calls Jacob Rees-Mogg 't**t in a pinstripe suit' in Brexit rant #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #BBCBreakfast #marr #Peston #PeoplesVote
Still not gone ... #davidmundell #resign
Gibraltar Brexit deal confirmed by EU to Spain via
Wouldn’t you think he could want both? That only Labour can fix the real problems of inequality in Britain today and that addressing Brexit is only part of that? It requires that you don’t position yourself at the centre of the universe but when you see, it becomes enlightening
Forget work this is the brexit betrayal
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
The EU, 27 countries in agreement. Britain 1 country in chaotic disagreement! Even the politicians within a party don't agree! More versions of Brexit than the 1 of Remain!
I used to think that, but on Brexit Jez definitely looks increasingly more in the charlatan, unicorn camp.
Theresa May’s unloved Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself - The Washington Post via
Yes pls
Defintely.....LET's GET OUT!!!!
Just a relentless horror show. #brexit #BadDeal
Tim Montgomerie, the Tory Pundit (to his credit) raised a VERY important point on #BBCAQ #AnyQuestions this week - he was wrong about Trump, Brexit, Corbyn etc, so WHY do BBC keep asking him back to talk politics?
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
Scotland should easily get back in EU but England could be desperate to get back in if economy collapses outside EU but might never be able to because of Spanish veto over Gibraltar #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #PeoplesVote
Spain forces UK into deal on Gibraltar
Ive voted Tory all my life but the way they have dealt with brexit with such disdain to the referendum result, I'm not sure I could ever vote for them again, regardless if Theresa May is pm or not.
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU | Politics
Is there another why to donate I won’t have anything to do with Virgin over Brexit.
“Handshakes between #TheresaMay &amp; 27 #EU leaders will be accompanied by hollow, pitying smiles.” #Brexit
Brexit Summit Is Back on After Fight Over Gibraltar Defused
The advocates of Brexit promised impossible things. They were either fools or liars. Political reality now exposes both foolishness and deceit. Sadly the fools are too foolish to understand, and the liars too dishonest to acknowledge.
Small Business Saturday, Brexit agreement, Kim Porter funeral: 5 things to know this weekend - USA TODAY
Leave-voting men, Brexit and the ‘crisis of masculinity’
One of the great things about the EU is the freedom to live, work, travel and explore across the continent. It’s very sad that he PM is seemingly proud to take that away from us and trap us inside this insular UK fortress post Brexit.
The bitch will go down in history as a bigger traitor than Lord Haw and #blair
Hi Susanna, as a devout Brexiteer can you tell me any benefits of Brexit as I’m really struggling and you seem to be helping peddle the myth
I hope this happens, if only to see the "mad cat woman" vindicated &amp; wipe the smirk off Andrew Neil's face. #immadcatwoman
Brexit England.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit void #Brexitisjustticketyboo
I think herself and Merkel worked together behind the scenes to get a BREXIT that would keep us in forever, devious the lot of them
. Tim Montgomerie, the Tory Pundit (to his credit) raised a VERY important point on #BBCAQ #AnyQuestions this week - he was wrong about Trump, Brexit, Corbyn etc, so WHY do BBC keep asking him back to talk politics?
I did not know Gibralter was part of the union. I thought it was a British oveseas possession.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
1. It's no longer a secret. 2. Does it involve the rapper Plan B? #Brexit
On Brexit, Theresa May’s undoing may be Europe’s salvation
Let's hope so
Time for senior members of government to consider surrendering their pasports as an act of good faith?
The brexit deal is this
I’d like to see FB held to account for its role in Brexit &amp; involvement with CA if there’s sufficient evidence of wrong doing, but this seems like a highly risky move that could undermine Facebooks appeal against the ICO. If this results in FB being let off, UK will look bad too
Brexit was a decision made by the majority of the people who voted in a democratic referendum. The EU army is a decision made by unelected Eurocrats. Huge difference.
History will be made on Sunday in Brussels when the 27- Member States of the EU are expected to vote in favour of the BREXIT deal. Meanwhile, kudos to PM for her sincerity &amp; doggedness in pushing forth the BREXIT agenda. She couldn't have done much more!
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - BBC News: BBC News Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal BBC News European Council President Donald Tusk has recommended that the EU approve the Brexit deal at a summit on…
SOO the Prime Minister will OFFER HER Deal or NO DEAL Brexit for the House of Commons Vote next week !! the NATION WAITS !!!
#ModernSlavery #moderndaysalavery #brexit #world theatre #cryptocurrency #blue_blood remove #lowwages #rich_get_rich_poor_get_poora #cut #UniversalCredit #solarpower #free #energy
“The order by the PM to trigger A.50 &amp; negotiate to leave the EU could be declared void. Now, it’s a big thing to litigate the very validity of Brexit. But if athletes win Olympic medals when they are taking drugs,their victories are not valid.The same is true of a corrupt vote.”
They will definitely vote against this deal, and few want a hard brexit. So that could mean an extension to the deadline whilst a new vote is put to the public based on the reality of a hard Brexit Vs No Brexit.
This is an inevitable and widely predicted consequence of brexit. The reason 90% of people in Gibraltar voted to remain. Everyone except brexiteers understood this.
Not sure she'd go for the concise version to be honest
As Others See Us: new Radio 4 series reveals world's opinion of UK
"All roads seem now to lead to either a General Election, or a second referendum." #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Nobody will hear you from your cell in Wandsworth Prison... Arron Banks says Brexit is exhausting and may leave politics
Oh dear oh dear! They said Ireland wasn't an issue, it is. They said Spain wasn't an issue, it is. They said lots of things that were downright fantasist lies. Britannia's looking very threadbare now, internationally diminished by its own hand #Humiliation #BritishNationalism
Do you think it is fair to say that you are caught between a Rock and a Hard Place? #gibraltar #brexit #badoom
All those claims are Tory claims. The Country voted to Leave. From what I've seen of what the Tories have done to this Country in the last 8 yrs. I know I and millions of others want a Labour Govt to pick up the prices of Tory neglect and the Tory Brexit
Not Brexit only by name only
Keir Starmer: “There is no national interest in voting for a bad deal”
How much more deceit is there to be served up by the most corrupt leader this country has ever seen. I’m now seeing Remainer’s changing sides! #Brexit
Another reason to do all we can to hit this madness via
Listen to the people and UKIP disappeared...ignore them, you do not know where it will lead...look at France...at the least people will be disconnected from politics...its not just about Brexit anymore Sean.
A Xenophic Remainer implementing #Brexit. God save us.
So the DUP are Brexiters. Thought they said they were remainers. With the deal getting the opposite. Brexit = Loosing Control of our Laws
What do you expect when scurrilous Remoaners betray the democratic decision of the Electorate &amp; fail to deliver Brexit.
I hope everyone is as indebted as I am to your caller who's proved that grapes used to be grown in Greenland because he read somewhere that it's true, &amp; has shared it with us in a posh accent. Bless him! At least he had no opinion on Brexit: small mercies!
You are entitled to your view, but ultimately the Leave side won the referendum. Our view is different and if we are truly a democracy the result should be honoured, in it's entirety. Only when Brexit has been given an honest chance can a judgment be made on its success.
Theresa the Weasel's Brexit box! Mark is so funny but tells the truth about the shit, corrupt Tory government. #GTTO Are you listening ?
Alan Sugar calls Jacob Rees-Mogg 't**t in a pinstripe suit' in Brexit rant
Watching John and Yoko : Above Us Only Sky , and trying to #Imagine what John would have thought about #Brexit
Must see
He'll definitely be emperor of post brexit Britain somehow
A very long and orchestrated plan, brexit will never fully happen, it's a simple as that, that's why won't get this through parliament, will end up a general election or a second vote, and Javid as new pm...watch this space
"Brexit deal is best option to protect British economy - Hammond" - My goodness his trousers are burning, because - liar, liar your pants are on fire! FFS, just #StopBrexitStopTheCorruption
"May has repeatedly downplayed the commission’s findings – even though they were to a criminal standard of proof”
BREXIT latest - due to Argentina speaking Spanish TM has now given into their demands to sovereignty of the Falkland Islands which is not a problem as she thought the islands were a complete waste of money. Spoof for now but watch this space!!!!!
#google #stephenbarclay and you will find two. One is a distinguished #Cambridge medic and academic. The other is the latest #brexit secretary. But if you know one, you remember the name of the other.
My point is that we are a tiny speck on the world map but the 5th largest economy in the world. We have travelled, lived and worked abroad for centuries. Life post Brexit will be different but not necessarily worse.
It seems to have eluded her that leaders have ideas and inspire people to follow. Any leaders would love to have someone of limited intellect who works hard and perseveres.
Can you imagine how good life might be if we had decent people in politics, rather than the dross we’ve got to put up with now? Clarity is everything; fog is what we’re faced with. #sadtimes #Brexit
DUP is in Northern Ireland and the want more money
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
is good on US politics but kind of incoherent here. EU27 &amp; UK do not need US help to find a legal mechanism to cancel Brexit. What's lacking is political will to do so. POTUS can nudge elite &amp; public opinion, but effect would be marginal at best.
Don't send your children to Dollar Academy, a person with the most basic of education would have enough knowledge of Northern Ireland not to make this statement.
Everyone hates you. The little-Englanders don’t get their magic unicorn Brexit. The remainers face living in a shitty little tax haven off the coast of Europe. The little Englanders do too, but at this point they’re oblivious to it.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal -
Italy is fighting the UN #Globalist bullies in the budget proposal threatening to shut down the #government. #Brexit needs no revote stand-your-ground #British people #Italians itexit #French frexit #Greeks. Grexit #Spain. Spexit Trump has your back of Europe cast out the #UN
Yet another fine day with the Strathtay and Dunkeld SNP . Brexitometer in Dunkeld today. Met some great people, local and tourists too. Not a single person thought #Brexit was good for Scotland. #indyref2 #dissolvetheunion
brexit did all that.
Our dearest president thanks the law inforcement for their courage and professionalism. Indeed, sir, we see! #24novembre2018 #yellowvests #YellowJackets #gelbewarnwesten #gilletgialli #salvini #macron #france #diesel #brexit
As a British citizen resident in France, I have to say that my adopted country has been far more concerned about my well-being post-Brexit than has the country of my birth, which appears to want to wash its hands of the lot of us.
If the Taxdodgers Alliance are funding Brexit, it can't be good for the rest of us.
"DUP leader Arlene Foster has told RTÉ News that if British Prime Minister Theresa May wants the DUP's continued support, it means removing the Irish backstop from the Withdrawal Agreement."
Brexit deal has been done
Goodness me “strong and stable” has only gone and sold The Rock! #Brexit
#Brexit|eers might rather go for “I want to break free”.
Dear hard remain and hard #brexit. If you don't get behind May's deal you have a 50:50 chance of getting the exact opposite of what you want.
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
Grande Josep
Proud of yourselves? #strongandstable -
4 months ago I was hugging the next randomer to me when Eric dier put us into the quarter finals. Today I’m arguing with a bald geezer in the pub about brexit. Give the people another vote. It’s so painstakingly obvious. Christ. The county is divided. Again.
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
We'll see...... May insists no change on Gibraltar position Sent via
Were the deal anything resembling ‘Brexit’..
No deal. Walk away.
May and the negotiation team have shown the same negotiation skills over Gibraltar that they have throughout the Brexit process. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Brexit Britain.
"low-welfare, low-regulation economy using Little Englanders and empire loyalists as useful idiots" Ugh.What a Tory thing to say!Those people think that Brexit is a good idea.Those people won.
Brexit has revealed an unprecedented level of hypocrisy with some.
If it’s no deal versus no Brexit and the majority vote for no deal, then the UK deserves everything it gets, it is truly fucked. It would cost Scotland and probably Northern Ireland.
Matthew and Sarah Elliott: How a UK Power Couple Links US Libertarians and Fossil Fuel Lobbyists to Brexit
First, Russia intervened in Canada's election, against Harper, whom Putin hated, in #OpFuckHarper (Trudeau did not collude). Second, in #indyref, for , now of Russia Today. Third in Brexit in the UK, (after assisting Corbyn in GE15). Then the 2016 election for Trump.
Nigel Farage has never deserted UKIP &amp; he has remained one of the leading figures, if not the major figure for the Brexit cause. He's a UKIP MEP on the front bench speaking for Brexit. He's on the media pushing the Brexit cause. He's still working 24/7.
He's speaking around the Country under "Leave Means Leave" for the Brexit cause with other major Brexiteers. He's united with Tory &amp; Labour Party Brexiteers to put the message across. Something that Batten should be doing.
As usual, the Tories are living on Sv different planet.
No I mean ones that are only there for that reason, they most likely support Brexit as well, When you first started I went accidently to one guys page, &amp; he was clearly a Brexiteer,and was gabbing to another one, he was actually UKIP can you believe,I outed him then &amp; was Blocked
"But to the real British, the ultras who are busily trying to craft their little Engländer Brexit, they are not British"
VOTE TRAITORS PARTY'S OUT LABOUR PARTY TORY PARTY LIBS DEM PARTY SNP PLAID CYMRU ANTI-BREXIT ANTI-BRITISH ANTI-DEMOCRACY ANTI-GIBRALTAR /NI PRO-EU ABOVE PARTY'S ARE VOTE IN LOYAL TRUE BRITISH PARTY'S UKIP FOR BRITAIN TIME PARTY UK DEMOCRATS &amp; VETERANS PARTY WE VOTED OUT
£10,000 a second, £3.3 billion in one day. #Brexit doesn't look to have been a problem on black Friday
Really pleased for the Spanish, the EU &amp; Theresa May. Big day for Spain
Surely grounds for dismissal?
This better than #Brexit
It's bollocks !!!
4. negotiate until we are all happy? Or do we remain until we have a deal that suits both sides? There’s a lot to think about and be concerned about over the course of the next 1-30 months. Oh how we love uncertainty #brexit #uncertainty #peoplesvote #eu #euorpe
We caved over everything else; why not Gibraltar? Brexit latest news: Britain accused of caving in over Gibraltar - live updates
Looks like we’re gonna brexit haha good job
No deal. Walk away.
There can be no border!!
One perspective to ponder.
Any Leave voter who thinks “No Deal” is in any way sensible should read this. They won’t do though. Happy in their wilful ignorance.
#Brexit No-Deal Brexit would cost UK £40BILLION, says global think tank Read the article: "The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development – a body which was instrumental to the fledging European Union". Global think-tank or EU Propaganda m/c?
That’s the point. If May tries to go for a second vote option I doubt she can bring it off. What will be the reaction of hardliners if she goes for a softer Brexit? Post a vote loss she will likely not be in control of events. And Labour will finally have to make its move.
When will Brexiters accept their dream was just a fantasy? knows this. It's why he jumped ship after the referendum. Now Brexit is dead, Nige will return centre stage and claim he could have been a success of it. Stabbed in the back anyone?
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
But it's not #Brexit.
My name is Berus Jahnson and here is my plan for Broxit.
Time until BREXIT is 125 days, 00 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
ABSOLUTELY NO DEAL
Such good news. Rejoice my friends #FBPE There is a light at the end of the tunnel, shining brighter day by day. #VoteLeaveCriminals #StopBrexit #VoidA50 #Truthisout #FBPE
There are 2989 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 2989 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
The negotiators will be unaffected by a this brexit, but working people will be! Let them know you want an unripe brexit!
Brexit is 3001 hours away. #brexit
Well said
Don’t worry Andrew - just ask them their opinion on how they think Brexit is going - that’ll put them off the scent.
Spain was standing between Theresa May and a Brexit deal as it threatened to derail an EU summit
She has been so inept it makes you wonder whether this whole charade could have been conceived from the moment they realised their miscalculation. A planned fall guy to demolish Brexit.
Well, well, well capitulates again
Theresa May could win a slice of ethnic minority support if she took a tougher Brexit immigration line – Here&amp;apos;s why :Auto pickup by wikyou
May May May Out Out Out
defenseless brexit
EU PRODUCES THIRD BREXIT DEAL DOCUMENT… I'm sure it will match what they have already squeezed out.
Signed some Stop Brexit petition. The government's reply is the same weapons-grade bullshit that's being used to justify this madness. #BrexitIsPersonal
The Latest: N Ireland party leader rejects Brexit deal
Just back from Michael Portillo's talk....what a brilliant speaker no notes just talked. We heard about politics, MrsT, Brexit, Trains, the railways, travel and colourful jackets! Such a clever witty insightful charismatic man.
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - Art And Craft Paint Your Own Wooden Bird House
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker
has “Well” to critique any Brexit development these days... ...I up that with Wakanda’s Captain of the Guards!
Good.
Can we draft Noel and Harry in to takeover the Brexit negotiations? #ImACeleb
I know that’s why I avoid posting such bs because it’s a distraction from the REAL problems, they only want to push Brexit or bullshit. I’m so tired and find myself getting a lot more “frustrated” especially when I’m trying to get people to see&amp; they completely deny or ignore it
They won't have to force May to do anything. She's falling over herself to make this country an Islamic slave state.
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
The Spanish leader, Pedro Sánchez, reacted immediately, claiming the UK would now have to open talks on “joint sovereignty” of Gibraltar, over which Spain has had a...
It's what the people voted for. Brexit is Brexit.
The U.K. is getting pwned in #Brexit (or pounded if you'd rather). Gibraltar has remained a live issue for so long, and this demonstrates the reality of no real bargaining power at this stage because of the internal-politics #Brexir pantomime
DD was Brexit Secretary for 2 years and did sweet FA. The brexiteers were totally useless, even more useless than May. None of them could agree amongst themselves nor had any plan whatsoever.
And so when will the grass root tories rise up and the MPs sitting on slim majorities say enough is enough and orchestrate a swift end to the “PM” problem?
You will feel right at home because Dover's MP, is a Brextremist too.
And all the rest.......and there are plenty of politicians that have tried their best to cover this up
Inside tomorrow’s Mail on Sunday... the death of No Deal, as Cabinet remainers unite with Brexiteers to squash a hard brexit... and the startling secrets of Operation Yellowhammer revealed. #buyapaper
I thought all the old so called Gammons voted for Brexit,well done Jonaya typical cant think for themselves remainers,they just want to be led by the nose. To be ruled over by Brussels bureaucrats.
'Jonathan Ashworth, the shadow health secretary, said: "These figures are yet more worrying evidence of the huge impact that the government's shambolic approach to Brexit is having for our NHS. The government...
There is literally nothing that cannot be sacrificed on the altar of Brexit. The only question as ever is "what's next?"
#DUP leader #ArleneFoster has said if British Prime Minister #TheresaMay wants her party’s continued support, it means removing the backstop from the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement
European leaders resolve a last-minute dispute over the Gibraltar, clearing the way for a summit to approve a Brexit deal
Funny how 'cap in hand' a phrase in daily usage during the time we were so reliant on the IMF had completely dropped from my mind .Will no doubt be dusted down and trotted out regularly now thanks to Brexit . Allegedly Brexit was all about gaining sovereignty not forfeiting it .
EU27 people in UK contribute more to the fiscus than the average Brit. They place less strain on services and actually have a positive effect relative to an ageing UK population. Successive UK govts are the source of the problem, not fellow Europeans.
That’s not correct. An agreement on Cyprus was already reached. Is the UK planning on opening a trade route with France at the South Pole? That will be dealt with during trade discussions which don’t open until April.
8. The Germans episode of Fawlty Towers
Planning by Cabinet and EU for an extension of Art 50 and a People’s Vote
Can we agree at this point that what May is doing is treason? #gibraltar #brexit
Why are remainers so worried about Brexit happening. If they were sure it would be a disaster like they are saying they would have it happen straight away and the UK would vote back in in no time. Remainers are afraid Brexit will be a success.
I'm not entirely sure the EU is Gibraltar's friend.
Bring it on.
There’s no need for personal insults and mockery of a marriage breaking down. You can disagree with ’s view on brexit without gloating about his divorce.
This woman called Theresa May Has never had a roll in the hay The proof is she has nod kids And her career is on the skids We voted to leave the EU Her suggestion is rather Pheew She lies to us whenever she speaks Lets hope she gone in coming weeks
Very good. Biggest Tory crisis for a generation, huge consequences of Brexit stuff, so let’s practice chipping away at the Labour front bench, because......
Like many others in the Labour Party, I'm disgusted with Corbyn. He has betrayed large swathes of his Party membership over his complete lack of leadership over Brexit and he's not going to be forgiven.
To be fair, there's no actual reason that Gibraltar should be under British control
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Perhaps #TheresaMay will also give up the #Falklands if #Spain shout loud enough ? Shameful.
Why should they show their hand to the brexiters ? Is that how people normally win at 'High-Stakes' Poker ... ? This Government have tried every trick in the book to ram this brexit through, they deserve no help, whatsoever...
, this is a terrible headline, as it implies that the Brexit deal can now proceed. What the story SAYS is that it clears the way for EU to approve the deal, NOT that Britain is anywhere close...
This Iine is being pushed becuase the government knows half their voters will switch to UKIP if they don't do it
Northern Irish DUP says it will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Northern Irish DUP says it will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal #japanese #japan #news
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
#imagine if #lennon voted for a hard Brexit
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Sickening, almost sycophantic piece.
Harry Redknapp on #imaceleb is just the medicine we need to cure our Brexit blues.
Secret ‘Plan B’ for #brexit #SundayTelegraph reports that the UK &amp; EU are discussing a ‘Norway style’ #brexit
May vows to ‘stand by’ Gibraltar following Brexit row with Spain: via
The #BrexitBullshit explained in 60s ... #BrexitChaos #Brexit #Brexshit #Bullshit #shit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Remain #Remainers
Spain bars May's way to Brussels Brexit deal
And I thought Gibraltar was ours
a) Unilateral revocation of A50 to be hard by ECJ next Tuesday (27th). b) Extensions to A50 possible by the wording of the Lisbon treaty, and backed up by what EU politicians have said:
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
29-03-2019 Brexit WTO Before May started to negotiate remoaning in the EU, there may have been some differences between Brexiteers over what Brexit meant May has now made it perfectly clear that the only way we can ever have a Brexit that means Brexit is to Brexit WTO
Not true. The territorial matter was spoken and agreed months ago. It was a last time change by EU and UK negociators. Spain wanted that back. Blame the Brexit.
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
So once again, our PM acted completely out of hand, against the norms of Government? She is completely off the rails. Someone needs to check her. I no longer trust that she is fit to serve in high office.
Brexit is the wrong solution to a set of problems. And the politicians of a kingdom as sophisticated as this did not foresee that a simple majority for a constitutional change would split the population? No one will everbe happy again. But water under, or rather over, the bridge.
Brexit barrier lifted as EU summit set to back May’s divorce deal via
Surprisingly, I found myself in agreement with much of this. #Brexit
Hey everyone there’s this guy on twitter called Jolyon and I’m genuinely concerned for his well being. He seems trapped in a glass case of emotion regarding Brexit, Corbyn &amp; now he needs help!
'The EU is NOT profitable!' Lord Trimble DESTROYS 'economic case' against no-deal #Brexit
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship – CNN Video
So now - because we still don't have a brexit leader in charge - we will possibly end up with a Norway style deal if this WA doesn't go through. We must have the right people in place to ensure a managed WTO Brexit. Why can't they organise better?
Im sick of food banks, demonising the disabled, homelessness, 120k+ dead from austerity, zero hours contracts and an emboldened right wing. But hey. Yeah. Brexit.
A lot of brexiteers say: Better #remain that this deal! Remainers do you think that no deal is better than this #brexit deal?
People are already dying in hospitals because of Brexit – I’ve seen it #thepool
You’ve misrepresented what I’ve said, this isn’t a consequence of Brexit, this is a consequence of the negotiations and the poor deal May has made. If you think leaving the EU means we Gibraltar becomes Spanish, you’re wrong.
Brexit Tom is "sick of Brexit"
It's because shes a paid up globalist member told not allow Brexit
Damn, do I feel foolish falling for that at the last GE. Never again..
BBC offers the ‘John Craven’s Newsround’ Guide to Brexit and why not? It’s unfathomable. Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
Brexit and the DUP: Triumph or disaster? via
i will be voting ukip i didn't vote for brexit had i done so i would of voted leave
Your blind faith cannot overcome fact. Corbyn always has been, is and, almost certainly, always will be a Brexiter. His stance on Brexit reflects him perfectly: a disingenuous, duplicitious fraud.
Get her out! Conservative MP’s are leaving it too late #brexit
I read this article and watched the video, and I wondered if might be repeating gossip? A #Peoplesvote vote with the option to remain is our best bet, or withdraw #A50 .
Do the DUP ever say anything positive? When they voted no it was pitiful &amp; Pathetic
Anyone who pretends to oppose Brexit because of Austerity, but did not oppose Austerity post 2010, is a hypocrite and a paper-tiger. Those who profited from tax-avoidance are the worst!
Why is the Uk is paying £40 BN to lose NI, Gibraltar, UK Fishing Rights? May's EU sellout continues #noDeal #hardbrexit #bbcnews #marr #bbcsp #bbcsml #r4today #bbcqt #bbcpapers #newsbeat #bbc3 #r5live #BBCPolitics #theworldtonight #bbcworld #brexit #bbcfakenews #grouch
Interesting
If not a bot tell me why Brexit will be good for Scotland please
Genuine Q - is there a place where you can see all the Brexit scenarios laid out simply with the pros and cons of each one made clear?
When is someone going to stop this national vandalism. Is it not the role of HM Government to act in the national interest. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
If you’re a Therapist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics | The Guardian see more
Blexit would kill many Labour votes not willing to play that tune.
Because "our" media is produced in and controlled by London...
It’s a binder! #BrexitCast
Wonder why #bbcnews isnt reporting this? #marr #bbcsp #bbcsml #r4today #victoriaLive #bbcqt #bbcpapers #newsbeat #bbc3 #r5live #BBCPolitics #theworldtonight #bbcworld #bbcusa #brexit #bbcfakenews
Oh I've muted loads tonight. Brexit was on the list!
Gibraltar being sacrificed for Brexit:
Term of government is five years but conservatives pushed a disastrous election after two years. We’ve spent billions in last 2.5 years enacting Brexit only to find it’s a sows ear. A new vote is in no way undemocratic.
I liked a video Irish People React To Brexit
Well that total BS
Whaaaaat! Sometimes just make me want to scream. Is this the best they could come up with? Cynically (and so transparently) dancing around the real issues. No mention of , the SM, services, NI - and still 'a' CU. Un-effing-believable .
So brexit stopping Eu citizens so where are we getting people from ?
Brexit is simply suicidal - in all respects. What will be left is a little impoverished England. With any lunch Scotland, Northern Ireland an Gibraltar will find new homes. Wales perhaps as well.
May vows to ‘stand by’ Gibraltar following Brexit row with Spain
#CORBYN FARCE: Labour MP DODGES question after being asked if he would back Corbyn as PM
Top story: Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics | The Guardian see more
See, that’s independence. Don’t tell me the UK wouldn’t shit all over Ireland if the tables were turned.
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU - Shanker Singham is ‘frustrated’ by PM’s failure to pursue an independent trade policy
Top story: Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics | The Guardian see more
Even Brexit has a Plan B FS
So the reality of #brexit hits yet another #remainernow
Consensus current Brexit proposal is worse than staying in. No deal / hard Brexit is an unknown. Are we really going to take what is either 2nd or 3rd best option out of 3 alternatives? As a mathematician/decision theorist (well, used to be) that does not compute #brexit
It's a very bad withdrawal agreement Fabian &amp; the British people cannot &amp; will not accept it. It wont get through parliament. #NotWhatWeVotedFor #UKIndependence
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
So when the economics looked poor, Brexit wasn’t supposed to be about money. Then it wasn’t supposed to be about control when immigrants started leaving. Now sovereignty doesn’t matter because some parts of the U.K. are problematic anyway. So what is Brexit about now?
TRUMP BREXIT Sat, 24 Nov 2018 16:00:00 CST
tic toc she's losing more support
Labour peer just forgot PM #Thatcher giving away #Hongkong to communist #China
No it isn’t. What exactly are the opportunities you speak of? And please make sure you don’t rehash the ones already thoroughly debunked....
Absolutely class!
Why should we believe anything about #Brexit? It's a complete #BrexitShambles
#TheresaMay looks like someone desperately hoping she gets away from the shop before she feels the store detective's hand on her shoulder. What's she up to? #Brexit
I agree with Diane . #Corbyn would not lead a #Remain campaign. not campaigning to #Remain And , Len McCluskey, John McDonnell are for #Leave. Then there’s Trump &amp; Putin &amp; Facebook trolls. So, yes, A #PeoplesVote could be a disaster for #Remain
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
The problem is it’s not accurate... Time for a little truthing here I reckon... The problem is it’s f/pack of lies...
May is the only person fighting for Brexit to happen, certainly the only one capable of doing it and no one is trying to step into her shoes. She knows Parliament has been waiting for the excuse of No Deal to vote it into oblivion. Brexiteers are encouraging it to happen.
#Theresamay #conservatives #brexit let’s just be honest she’s lying , she’s to be pitied for being so totally inept and out of her depth , Tory’s are going to be out of government for 15 20 years minimum
There will never be 48 letters because then the quitlings will have to put their money where their mouths are and actually be in charge. They won't do that because they know BREXIT is undeliverable so they prefer to carp from the side and blame everyone but themselves.
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! via
El Erian: Brexit &amp; The Global Economy | Zero Hedge
Davy why do we not hear you on Anti-Brexit Broadcasting Corporation Radio Ulster anymore ?
N. Ireland party leader rejects Brexit deal
Cornwall voted for Brexit and now wants special measures take so that the Cornish tourist and hospitality industries aren't damaged by Brexit.
Works for me.
Absolutely pitiful but at least he didn’t try to pretend.
Queen’s Christmas message to include plea to EU to STOP BREXIT
So, we voted for Brexit. And, we’re ending up handing Gibraltar back to the Spanish. How the actual fuck did that happen?
This is purely May’s version of Brexit. Many Tories are against it. As are many of both the left and the right of her in whatever party. However there can only be one of two possibilities in number 10 as it is. May or Corbyn.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Because May decreed that that could not be used on the mainland for political point scoring against - not because they weren't a sensible option if the riots broke out again. Given where we are with the Brexit betrayal, that looks short sighted.
!!! #Brexit : High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation.
There is no point talking about a vote under a new government, because Labour won't be in power soon; however desirable that may be. The #PeoplesVote has to take place while we are still in the #EU. Linda, do stop imputing motives to me. If Corbyn fights #Brexit, I'll love him.
why do you act like a mini dictator??? Validating an out of date poll to rid us of the EU! It’s a dark day for our country if you manage to get any kind of Brexit
Just stfu and take a no deal now. We can access the single market for free via tarrif free trade with Greenland (Denmark). #Brexit
As I said to in Lidl the other day Eat, drink, and be merry Brexit is coming and soon we will all be dead
In a desperate deal to get her disastrous deal across the line, appears to have cast the people of the UK aside. All of them. Every #Leave option makes UK WORSE OFF than staying in #EU. How, exactly, is #Brexit not treason?
The latest The Ghana Parliament Daily! Thanks to #brexit #news
So far has 1. Sold out Gibraltar 2. Sold out Northern Ireland 3. Sold out our Fishing Industry 4. Sold out our National sovereignty 5. Sold out 17.4m Brexit voters Unless the Get a new leader now,we will end up with Corbyn
Good, no deal now please.
Quite remarkable, #TheresaMay has managed to get all the #Brexit papers backing her deal.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Here is but one. His earlier sortée inthe thread above. Now this. A £2.8bn bet against the pound has been taken amid no-deal Brexit fears, Nomura data have indicated....betting on a slump in the £.
The time is certainly right. #UnitedIreland #DissolveTheUnion
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
As the UK goes to Brexit, EU funding programs based on its ground may have to look for a new home #Brexit #Copernicus #Space #EU
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Feels right to me. Where was all this rabid passion? No one had a good word to say about it!
Stood firm on what? Remaining. Not delivering Brexit. Destroying your party.
When I think of Brexit I’m of what William Gaddis said: “Fire the bastards!”.
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night
This cant be true.
Think again? Calls mount for British to vote again on Brexit.
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th-Hour Spat With Spain – Bloomberg
Does Diane Abbott know what day it is?
I hope Theresa May wasn't watching #strictly tonight. After tbe lindy-shambles I'm sure tbe judges will end up #Brexit Secretary by the end of the week.
The article is a bit too optimistic sounding for my taste, but heck, why not ? Also a hearing in EU court 26 th (48 hours away), etc.
So they did. Brexit is Brexit.
It’s all part of the plan, a completely unified Europe. There is no Brexit. Our military integrated and unified into the EU “Defence Force”. Everyone has been hoodwinked.
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row If Eire want Northern Ireland they would be getting Unionists who do not want to be IRISH
I’m glad you voted to remain. You didn’t fall for that Russian campaign for Brexit. They want to break up the European Union and ultimately NATO.
But Brexit won’t solve those things - will make them much worse. Look at industries already pulling out, jobs/EU subsidies lost, goods/services that will b more expensive, fewer EU NHS/Socialcare workers 2 shore up our systems &amp; pay tax. Gov cuts, not immigrants, caused problems.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Exclusive study unveils the gap in generational attitudes over Brexit's economic damage: via Irrelevant! The peopke of the UK have voted and we don't want to be in the EU so let's move on!
Do not apply for settled status, just do not. Brexit will never happen anyway.
Tories. Brexit
Absolutely blown away.... the drumming is something else! Good Morning #Britain very apt now Me thinks!! #BREXIT #Jools
There will be payback for this
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all it's
Not the end but at least the beginning of the end. Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions -
Brexit Britain, innit
Never before, in my entire life, had I ever thought that I would feel so proud to be an official vegetable! Thanks, Brexit, you owe me a lot!
The Thatcher Rock? I believe May's Brexit Deal also cedes control of that.
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! via
#Brexit headed towards proverbial iceberg? #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #EU #EuropeanUnion #Europe #GreatBritain #Britain #TheresaMay #Nationalism #Nationalist #Globalism #Globalist #Globalists #NWO #NewWorldOrder #Ireland #UnitedKingdom
Bordering on Brexit on Vimeo
If you can't see how much worse that will become with Brexit, you're a brainwashed fool.
Great book to further understand England and their #Brexit new book „Heroic Failure: Brexit and the Politics of Pain“
A positive #Brexit story from saying that in the much #PoliticalDeclaration, the #EU have agreed that the #IrishBorder is a none issue and can be solved with tech. Every average Joe knows that.
Tomorrow's front page ... Independence momentum grows amid Brexit chaos.
If we're due for it any way, what difference will Brexit make? Remainers should think about this: if we leave, especially on WTO terms, they'll be able to blame Leavers for every bad thing that happens for the rest of their lives, but the other way around if they keep us in EU.
Super excited about how I'm going to spend my share of the #Brexit dividend.
Will you vote AGAINST it? Or just abstain? Abstaining = letting it pass.
I spoke to UKIP MEP Patrick O'Flynn who told me Theresa May's Brexit deal is "worse than EU membership", is the "exact opposite of what people voted for" and that UKIP MEPs could quit the party if Tommy Robinson is granted membership
Theresa May - "caught between a rock and a hard place" - is the headliner... Me version would read... Theresa May "caught in thought about who next to throw under the Brexit Bus... Falklands? BVI?" #stopbrexit it really isn't worth it...
I doubt they can change policy unilaterally.
Do you really think Wales will hang around?
Brexit Live: Deal Dead on eve of EU summit as DUP says it will vote against Theresa May
Appalling attempt at Brexit that simply must not be allowed to happen .WTO March 29 2019.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
We can get on with it. That’s her only argument left for this deal. This argument has been anticipated...
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th-Hour Spat With Spain - Bloomberg
Strictly Come Dancing judges put in charge of Brexit. Deal imminent.
one of the key brexiteer arguments was "taking back our sovereignty" lmao
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row Like the idea of United Ireland but I would not swap NHS for VHI no way
What a fantastic opportunity Brexit was for Britain to shine again in the World. Now we see it being leached away daily by May. 'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to EU
4%. 4% of people living in Gibraltar voted for Brexit. 4%. WAKE UPPP!
Top story: What you need to know about the crucial EU Brexit summit | UK News | Al Jazeera see more
Obviously, I have no idea if this could happen or not. But if it does, I may well piss myself for the rest of my life.
Using water cannon against your own people is a choice for police and politicians
UK - #Brexit obvious risk there but seeing we are pretty close to a deal, worse case, GBP drops, Dollar gains, Gilts gain, FTSE drops... US - Fed will not re-consider, trade war obvious risk but the Trump tough talk will drop, so expect rally in equities.
Brexit – Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar!
Petition: STOP BREXIT
I hope Theresa May wasn't watching #strictly tonight. After the lindy-shambles I'm sure the judges will end up #Brexit Secretary by the end of the week.
Cambridge Analytica in the news again. This time regarding #Brexit
When I think of Brexit I remember what William Gaddis said: “Fire the bastards!”.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Maybe we could afford new ferries if you torys hadn.t spent all the money on HS2 on the DUP bribes and Brexit.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
It's possible...
We can’t have a people’s vote until we know that article50 can be revoked IF it can’t then it’s brexit under WTO as people’s vote will be suicidal as EU will destroy us bit by bit with penalties in remaining
The deal as it stands will make us worse off, but i blame it all on the government who knew exactly what was going on, they never even tried to get the best deal, they did it for what exactly, why did they ruin us, no clue, firstly they should have said NO DEAL and work from that
MAY TO GIVE AWAY LICHTENSTEIN "BUT PRIME MINISTER WE DON'T OWN LICHTENSTEIN" "SO MUCH THE BETTER"
her FK U list is now endless as she hands over gilbraltor to spain britons brexit voters will end up in prison for voteing to leave as she gets a knighthood
"brexit deal eve"
No, with respect, that isn't the sequence. Paul it's a simple question, you've highlighted Labour policy, this is your image - if the deal is voted down then Labour seek a GE to sort out Brexit. Can we assume it would be on pro Brexit platform of some kind? Yes or No?
European citizenship is beyond price. Can’t be replaced by a blue passport and a new 50 pence coin. Stop Brexit now.
Please let that not be fake news
I don’t know which planet, but that wig isa disaster!
This COULD BE the beginning of the end for this ridiculous farce. It won’t stop the debate but we have to start by making our politicians and law makers work harder for us here at home and stop blaming those in the EU who aren’t guilty for our problems.
Can't say this is a surprise.....price worth paying for Brexit?
Brexit? Seems a popular topic
It won’t matter. Most of and his party will suddenly decide to support the Deal, because the low skilled workers clause is a “jobs first Brexit”.
Neil is not about fairness or impartiality, covering for his erstwhile corrupt mates. Takes a comedy show to get to the truth. Kinda sums up especially and Brexit in particular both a bad joke
5 days away from accepting German citizenship.. Forced to do something to secure my future ates because current deal is like giving your hairdresser the right to do whatever they want no matter how bad but not accept responsibility #Brexit
What are you idiots doing to our party. May has to go &amp; go now
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU – Fox News
Fine, shame you sold the Brexit voter down the river, still I am sure they won’t forget, nor will I.
Something something Spanish Prime Minister something negotiate my treaty something #Brexit
Why don't we have a poll every month and have a 'Modulated Brexit', which can respond in real time to changes in public opinion...? Somtimes we'd be in and sometimes we'd be out; simples.
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row Like idea of united Ireland but don't want Irish tax system
European Union set to agree Brexit deal #World #World #Bbc News
Theresa May tells more brazen lies. She abandons every principle, every red line, every bit of British territory just to be able to claim she delivered Brexit. The national interest counts for nought. She's holding the whole country to ransom.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
And She is Selling-Out Our Monarch the Queen...... this Really can Not be Allowed to happen.
Someone today told me she voted for Brexit because she hated the French! Well I'm sure taking a good chunk of businesses and financial services that were based here will teach them!!!!
Crucially, #Brexit provides an incredible opportunity to cultivate a #GlobalBritain, with the #Commonwealth at the forefront.
Two years of UK #Brexit negotiations, summarised in four minutes
WORST EVER
#Brexit deal will leave #UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader
“For now, May still resembles Gromit on the runaway train, frantically laying the track just in front of him to avert disaster.” Marina Hyde doing great work at the moment!
The Irish chapter of the draft Brexit withdrawal agreement via
This is some extremely important and relevant gang shit right now with this #brexit shit?
Saturday night writing up a Brexit box list in pink Biro. Pretty cool? Anyway, problem is what do I do with the tins of mince and chicken in white sauce if it all blows over? Would only rather eat that smugly if there's panic buying (will taste so sweet), but not through choice.
Oh well, at least Brexit has bought us all together! X
May vows to ‘stand by’ Gibraltar following Brexit row with Spain
Look what's up: Why Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The U.K. via #trending #breakingnews
You're missing the essential point. Ireland could have opted to STAY. Britain did not want Ireland to leave the UK, but Ireland wanted to leave even if it meant separation from NI. That's why the article compares that decision to Brexit's impact on NI.
It’s very tempting for to speak for the will of his constituents too. Because what we asked for was not Brexit
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not it's
Count Hunchback Dracula got in power via the Cuckservatives.
I almost feel sorry for you. You have no idea what the reality of brexit means if you think you’re ditching bureaucracy by leaving the EU.....
Seems to me she is good at going over heads. First her #Brexit Secretaries and now the honours committee. HMQ had better look out!
Jeremy knows it it isn’t Brexit, but the Library crisis that people are really worried about!
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
The only explanation for #brexit I can come up with is that May’s ancestors are from one of Britain’s colonies and she has made it her life goal to screw the UK like Britain screwed a large part of the rest of the world.
Leave-voting MP Nadine Dorries slams May's Brexit deal because UK won’t have seats in European parliament #FFS imagine if she were your #MP how you would feel
Bullshit. We warned you this would happen if the Brextremists proceded. You didn't fucking listen. This is down to Brexit and nothing else. You don't get off the hook on this one.
The strategy for dealing with the far right is to stop the Brexit for which they’ve been fighting their whole political lives. A referendum ensures a popular mandate. There’s a healthy majority for a #PeoplesVote so it’s obviously not just Remainers.
. FREDERICK FORSYTH: "The May Plan, actually the May Betrayal, will be voted down by the Commons. It is a bizarre confection that repudiates every promise + pledge we ever received..She is, I believe, the worst prime minister for 100 years"
The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether #Brexit should be declared “void”, in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the...
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
He sabotaged the Remain campaign, Still trust Jeremy Corbyn? "All Out War" on how Corbyn wilfully sabotaged #Euref He doesn't care a damn about us, any of us. He's playing Labour supporters for fools. #JC4PM is a sick joke #PeoplesVote
No blimey about it. It's there in black and white in El Pais's leading article on Brexit today.
One of many things May will give up for her 'people's will' brexit.
Has the balconing theme been included in the Brexit agreement?
#Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote 'void' as early as Christmas after Arron Banks… #News #Politics
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
I don’t think much will change but then of course this is all personal to different people and also geographical. Have I been converted? I hate that brexit has been hijacked by small minded racists. I consider myself centrist and I am open to possibilities of changing my mind.
Has she given away London yet ? Dreadful woman.
Clearly a majority of people voted for brexit. Including many members of the rcgp one would extrapolate.
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
Is changing their opinion about Britain? New editor publishes a letter slamming #BrexitChaos and how it affects her &amp; her family. There's a lot of likeminded people in England, Probably more than the right wing xenophobes, But why is their voice going unheard?
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row Like idea of united Ireland but don't like idea of boiled water notices and polluted water supplies
Look at these faces for horror and warning: mozzie scum of the earth #ExtinctionRebellion
There are currently two plans to PERVERT the referendum, May's deal and #peoplesvote, both keep UK in EU. There are two plans to deliver brexit WTO or Canada deal. WTO will be blocked by French process on duties for lorries. Canada Free trade deal is only viable option.
please make sure our bees and seas aren’t put at risk by lowering standards after Brexit - the public is watching
Nothing new!!! Germans have been trying to eradicate other peoples Nationalism for the last 100 years..French for the last 300 years,,,,, #Brexit #ww1centenary #WW2 #Holocaust #Germany
I love Nigel, always have alot of respect for him, but we need a stronger leader in ukip and Tommy Robinson is the man for the job.
You keep telling yourself that if it makes you feel better.
Brexit row: 'Utter c**k' slur as eurosceptic Tory MP awarded knighthood
Also, Salah was a big deal BEFORE he came to the premier league. He’s had more than one season pre-Liverpool. Brexit, football edition.
, now all power is being handed to the EU, we simply have no need for British government, so can you inform us of the timing plan in place to pull down the houses of parliament and to dissolve both house of commons and house of lords? I await your response #brexit
Strictly compared to Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder
The woman knows no depth of humiliation that she will not suffer to avoid a true Brexit. It is ridiculous. No Deal is No Problem. I have been asking for a month now for a no deal problem that cannot be solved, so far not one has appeared. Replace her and go no deal.
It was Eu I was talking about but brexit will stop that and India want FOM for trade deal and Africa will do same -?time to get out of U.K. and keep Eu FOM to grow our population and economy
Take a stand, and say to hell with Brexit
Trans Brexit Means Brexit.
Exclusive study unveils the gap in generational attitudes over Brexit's economic damage: via Irrelevant! Not interested! A democratic referendum resulted in the MAJORITY of voters wanting out and so let's move on!
Is this about Brexit ?
Give me a knighthood and I will back your Brexit Theresa
“..the man who was Brexit secretary until 10 minutes ago now reckons the Brexit deal is worse than staying in the EU. Yes, mate. The great spectacle of the past two &amp; a half years has been watching allegedly clever people realise this incredibly slowly”
Brexit would have been good but what's on the table is a temp agreement which is engineered in a way to squash any resistance to Europe, it also leaves the door open b/c it fully expects the UK to return &amp; they need the UK contributions. This is not brexit.
Talking Brexit of course (sorry!) but also the future of our hospitals and the state of The Arts. See you at 11.15 in the morning.
BREXIT- Gotta Listen To This- Fascinating Aïda's post-Brexit song - So Sorry Scotland via
Tbf that is a brexit leg if I’ve ever seen one
Sell-out protects barbaric trade of sending live animals abroad for slaughter
Brexit is a battle of ideas on who has the best ideas to knock out the opponent. Please read an article titled Ideas on the link below. Search for it on the top right hand corner of the search panel. Very relevant to our current status quo
Leave means leave, no strings attached
"Well" those in Ireland those who are Irish are no need than. N or S R majority or 1 shoe size fits everybody. No pizza in: .N. Ireland party leader rejects Brexit deal
yes while you fret over #Brexit the rich get even richer
Anything now is possible, never been such a deceiving lying vicars daughter, selling out her country or is it? Mostly has been working a conspiracy for the EU mafia and to think all the Media now celebrating the Sunday submit as a victory, More like a declaration of War!
Billions already wasted on Brexit could have been invested in services for which we were told there was “no magic money tree”. Turns out there was, for political ends only.
Convincing about second referendum
Stop blaming everyone else other than yourselves, it wasn’t Varadkar’s job to ‘save’ Brexit
Hi Theresa, I've just checked the label in the shirt on my back; it's a size 15 slimfit and the collar is a bit worn, but you might as well have it, because you are taking &amp; giving away everything else I value. #Brexit
But Brexit is a bad idea. There are plenty of working-class Tories. The Sun wouldn’t exist without them. You don’t shrug your shoulders and say ho-hum. You persuade them that rhey are wrong. It’s the same with Brexit. There’s no ugh about it and it’s about defeating the stories
I was told with a huge degree of confidence today that when the brits step in after brexit to do all those jobs it will all be fine, despite, for example- there already being a shortfall of 40,000 nursing posts ( correct that figure if I'm wrong?)
LIVE: May denies 'caving in' as Spain claims victory on Gibraltar
#UK and #Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for #Brexit deal - CNN International
Spain manages to force UK into deal on Gibraltar
Tomorrow should be interesting #brexit - BBC News
May's route to Brexit is the only one there is. No one is trying to take over from her and her route does lead to Brexit and we leave in 4 months time. No Deal gifts Parliament the power to vote Brexit into oblivion.
May insists she's not planning to use a stock market crash to ram through Brexit
I agree. On the other hand, if anything good can come from this whole brexit mularkey it will be hastening of the unification of Ireland. I only hope it can be done without further bloodshed. I think that Ms Oakshott couldn't give two hoots about avoiding further bloodshed.
The security and defence threat posed by May’s Brexit deal - via it's Richard Dearlove
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row Like the idea of United Ireland but not souths sewage management
Sure. Lot of nationalistic rethoric (kind of expected). But Gibraltar is now more isolated than ever. Not the best move for them the Brexit.
May’s on an ego trip, she will do anything to get her Brexit betrayal through Parliament even if it means giving away the entire assets of the crown. She has become an absolute joke and a dangerous one at that !
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Theresa May had my backing until this one item came up. If she sells our sovereignty she should be shot for treason!!!!
NO! my decision was based on historical Facts. Historical facts from our entry into the EEC in 1973 to today
Dear Arlene, Can you please tell me where you shop? Whatever you're doing, it's obviously WAAAY better than the sh*t I smoke....
after brexit Chelsea will relocate to Europe,nothing British there.
Has Brexit ever given you suicidal thoughts because the older generations decided to throw away the younger generations futures.
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Scum
Theresa May's Brexit deal can be salvaged if she relents over Irish backstop, Dominic Raab says
Opinion | The current Brexit debate is the deluded fighting with those in denial via
Head office is having a larf...just like EU head orifice rite now in Brussels Sprowts. BREXIT = BRUSSELS OUT
Reaching out to Eastern European nationals is one of the biggest challenges of preparing EU nationals for Brexit and its implications. As an EU national your either scared for very good reason or ignorant of the actual train crash heading for your status quo.
Imagine the people working in UK &amp; living in fear of being thrown out after #Brexit all stopped working for 1 hour at the same time? Wouldn't that expose the fallacy of 'we don't need them' mentality. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
WAIT UNTIL YOU SEE *MY* PLANS...
Video: Lakers Fan Fails To Answer The Easiest Question Ever! - via he clearly doesn’t speak English. Don’t be so quick to judge. They should have those numbers in Spanish as well. That’s why the British left. #brexit
Brexit tweet: I hate that this is happening, I hate that the government won't have a people's vote and we're gonna leave the EU very soon and end our freedom of movement.
If #Brexit issue shows one thing, it’s that all the people that for years told us we were a sovereign country, that we could control our destiny, make our own decisions, were lying. We were sold out a long time ago by a political elite that have no idea about country they govern
Vote for Brexit they said... There’d be adequate food they said... #ImACeleb
Unless they call it Remain, they're Donald Ducked
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #StopBrexitSaveBritain
‘ Singham is a former Washington trade lawyer and lobbyist ‘ There are nefarious forces behind Brexit incl. anti climate change / NRA lobbyists. #BrexitChaos Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU | Politics | The Guardian
Absolutely right.
French farmers will happily be selling to the rest of Europe. They really don't care about our trade. Pick up a copy of Letter Minds and see how many times Brexit is mentioned in their press. It's not, because they will continue to trade with the world as they do right now
The people saying “nobody will let a no deal #brexit happen” - I hope you’re right. But I also think that not preparing for it is as foolish and ultimately damaging as those who said #brexit wouldn’t happen in the first place. We all need to be preparing for it, really quickly.
Appalling - how can inflict this on us. #GTTO #StopBrexit #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Yep. All she ever wanted was to keep foreigners out, because they wouldnt let her do it as home secretary
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
is giving away control, hand over fist. Watching from afar, the sheer amount of political incompetence is utterly mindnumbing. The absolute failure to grasp the consequences of each step of this process, is catastrophic. Brexit will never work. #WeAreDoomed.
The same electoral commission that didn't investigate tge £435000 "donation" to the DUP pre Brexit vote. Well, sure might as well have one of your own on the inside. #DUP18
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Yet another example of #Brexit 2016 vs 2018. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
No one literally no one on news media or among the public in Britain is calling for a return of Empire wherever you got that notion. The Brexit vote is about the future not the past.
This is a Brexiter casting around for any explanation for why brexit isn’t great. Varadkar’s only motivation is said to be ‘making the brits sweat’, and it’s nonsense. And what the hell happened to the main feature of brexit - ‘taking control of our borders’?
She can deny it all she wants, but she has.
Two months ago my Dad said "If I were a younger farmer I'd be getting out of sucklers, out of beef. With Brexit, beef is gone for a generation. If I were younger I'd be getting into sheep." Was he not exaggerating? He HATES sheep. He's a beef farmer of generations of beef.
Jeebus .. May off to Brussels to rationalise a shit deal &amp; Borisgraph still mauntaing on
I need one of the beautiful new "Brexit: is shite" shirts
Oh, so not particularly worried about it being economically justifiable then. Probably smart. The truth is, it's a balancing act. And if we're a sovereign nation making illogical decisions based on "belief", what's the point in being more sovereign? Brexit has actually...
Well, it’s not like #TheresaMay has a track record of lying at any given moment in time. Oh, hang on.
The short, sharp shock of no-deal Brexit
Having listened to Arlene Fosters speech, She wants a deal on Brexit but if May continues with what she proposes then it may not pass Parliament and we could leave on WTO terms. My question to DUP is do they stick with May and force this deal through or walk away. over to DUP
Brexit deal unlocked as Britain gives Spain assurances on Gibraltar via
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor
British - I say this government is terribly incompetent isn't it? French - #GiletJaunes #Brexit
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal it's
It’s the Greta #brexit giveaway. Up for grabs to any nation or union who will treat them better: Northern Ireland, Scotland, Gibraltar. Free to good home. Literally, brexit at any cost... who do you think you’re kidding?! Voters??
I’m tired. After 19 months of Brexit war so far. Of course, we have not suffered the bombs &amp; deprivations endured by our forebears, but the damage to our psyches, our confidence in our country, our general well-being, our plans for our children &amp; our futures is very real. 1/
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
Jacob Rees-Mogg reads extract from the ERG's alternate Brexit plan, Super Baldrick +++.
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
I wish! More fake news, no doubt. Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal' | via
Report it as it is, &amp; her sycophant are a pair of cowards &amp; traitors of the highest order! Whether you voted leave or remain this is a disgrace for this country, no one voted to see the U.K. on their knees #brexit
Labour respect the Brexit vote, yet they bleat on about another General Election...Do they not respect the last General Election??? #hypocrisy
I’ll never understand why an end to freedom of movement is being lauded as a good thing to come out of #Brexit. Can’t wait for Barry and his stag do gammon-y mates to complain about longer queues at the airport all because he wanted bendier bananas.
"It’s proper mad stuff, this Northern Irish politics, even if they’re doing their best to emulate it over on the mainland" - 's #dup18 sketch in The
Brexit deal 'better than staying in EU', says Philip Hammond
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! via
Don’t mention Brexit, Cameroon mentioned it once, but I don’t think we got away with it! #FloweryTwats and that’s just the government! #Brexit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
It’s taking so long because May wants to do her best to scupper Brexit &amp; keep us tied to the EU
French farmers will happily be selling to the rest of Europe. They really don't care about our trade. Pick up a copy of Le Mondè and see how many times Brexit is mentioned in their press. It's not, because they will continue to trade with the world as they do right now
#May waits … and waits for #Brexit
Chatter Episode 31 – Tatton Spiller On Brexit, The Motivations of Politicians, and Simple Politics #explainer #uk
What if that person had voted for brexit? Would have been an akward moment
P.s. I know you mean Brexit. I'm not mad.
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU it's
Theresa May MP: Say no to a second referendum get on with Brexit - Sign the Petition! via
UK #Brexit fight draws financial support from US conservative donors and #climatechange skeptics.
Spain was standing between Theresa May and a Brexit deal as it threatened to derail an EU summit
A lot of rage in these replies. Leavers seem livid with May for cheapening the UK with this capitulation - completely missing the point that, as Brexit voters, they are entirely responsible for putting the UK in this weakened and beholden position.
PM Plea to the people: back my Brexit via of MoS #Brexit #marr
here we go peeps, are you ready?
Corbyn proving he is in La la land
1922 committee according to a top politician the rebel’s are waiting prime minister may quote if she loses the brexit vote in parliament she will have no choice she will resign or face a no confidence vote Cobra
One more point for The Hardest Brexit. "Cute" British checkout machines sound like special rooms in hell.
Id like to see JRM in the cabinet, but on reflection, its Boris that must take charge in the event of an appeasement Brexit
You wanted Brexit so live with it.
84% of people voted for Labour and Tories in 2017. Both parties had Brexit in their manifesto and people still voted for them. Why didn't thet vote for an anti-Brexit party if they didn't want Brexit? Eg Libdems, Greens? Bit late to whinge now...
May and her brexit gets worse and worse
Mother appeals for help to find cuddly toy she put by 10-year-old son's bed after operations #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #BBCBreakfast #Brexit
UK wine retailer to stockpile up to $10 million in extra bottles ahead of Brexit - Read on
How are you intending to vote on the Brexit withdrawal deal?
BBC News - Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop'
please follow this matter, thanks
Heads up Brexiteers - these guys are walking out at reductions now ...what'd ya'll think'll happen when the sh1t really hits the fan after a hard Brexit?
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Kasme these Tories man. Even I didn’t think they’re take the UK this low. Forget the austerity and other cuts they’re usually known for, but the situation with Northern Ireland not wanting preferential treatment over Brexit compared to other UK countries...
No one trusts you at all, at all, at all. It seems that you are a Manchurian Candidate acting on someone else’s behalf. Quit or the public will make it happen. #Don’tSellTheCountry #Brexit
#Brexit Fork of the road, what’s it going to be: 1815 deal that gave a 99-year peace or 1919 League of Nations that immediately gave rise to National Socialism? #eucopresident #donaldtusk #michelbarnier #theresa_may #stevebarclay
That illustration is GENIUS.
I do!!! Scrolling through a twitter full of boring Brexit or hideous animal abuse, tis nice to see a sparkly Strictlyesque post, thankyou xx
Wrong. The priority is to stop #Brexit: as the huge majority of #Labour supporters want. If you really are a #Labour member, and voted #Remain, why will you not heed your colleagues and friends in wanting to protect the country in a time of national crisis? Do you not care?
In any negotiation, must be prepared to walk away - no deal, WTO terms, keep existing border (per GFA obligations and Lisbon Treaty, art 8).
Shades of P Flynn, here
Will his team be able to import European players after Brexit?
Spot on! Am sick to death of this specious claim that last GE showed a huge majority Brexit.
Boris was speaking at the DUP conference today and talking about maintaining the supply and confidence deal with the Conservatives - is this a piece of the jigsaw to keep the DUP on board if MPs decide to oust May? #Brexit
I want to stop Brexit because I fear for the future of my granddaughter's generation. Not just because of our exit from the EU but also because the UK Government and Parliament have acted upon a view expressed by only 26% of the UK citizens they represent. Democracy is at risk.
It’s the Great #Brexit giveaway. Up for grabs to any nation or union who will treat them better: Northern Ireland, Scotland, Gibraltar. Free to good home. Literally, brexit at any cost... who do you think you’re kidding?! Voters??
...if ever a picture summed up #Brexit
How to cook turkey, spuds, stuffing, Xmas pud we've all done for years, highly doubt we need Oliver to tell us tbh. Oh your talking brexit, that's a crso shoot unless you a time traveller you have no idea how it's going to turn out.
What we need is the brexit visa situation brought forward while he's out of the country.
Hysterical! Look at the daft look on the Orange ones face. God Brexit is dull.........
Be careful... we have Mahou and a balcony in each house.
When Boris has finished ripping my Party apart, we could finish up with a Corbyn lead Government and he and his followers won’t be forgiven for generations. Brexit won’t mean **** when our economy is in ruins; every working person will pay for his actions.
Anyone remember the promises made to Hong Kong. Not worth much were they? #BBCSwitchOff #PeoplesVote #BrexitisFraud #WATON #StopBrexit #Remain #ABTV #FBPE #Bracknell
“Shut the door behind you on your way out” was clearly #EU27 message with #Gibraltar #Brexit declaration.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Quick question: Are there leftwing haters? If so what do they hate?
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
Brexit day is set for 29th March 2019 by law.
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
90% of my Twitter timeline is about Brexit. 8% is people defending against the lefties who call him a misogynist. 2% is miscellaneous.
I understand my money is safe with Monzo! But I want to know about usability. Can I use Monzo in France after Brexit?
Yep, time bin Brexit.
#brexit There you go remainers This is the sort of thing you want to be part of Could easily be Catalan This is what you want for your children and grandchildren #FBPE #Brexit
No thanks. No getting on with Brexit, not now, not ever. #StopBrexit #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Let's put a stop to this madness. The time has come. Please sign the Petition: STOP BREXIT #FFS #OFOC #FBPE
Blind brexit? Are you blind, Man!
You shouldn't be. We told you Brexit was a crock of shit
Reality dawns for Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal
Maybe, but the problem (vis-a-vis Brexit) is Corbyn is a life-long Eurosceptic &amp; will do nothing to reverse this suicidal event (the kind of state intervention / subsidies he advocates are explicitly forbidden within the EU ... an organisation he sees as "neo-liberal"
Brexy Brits shud all support Catalonia freedom fighters &amp; Barcalona FC from now on
This is embarrassing nonsense
Brexit and betrayal are synonyms.
Adam - why did you lie in your report just shown on BBC News? You said free movement to Britain from the EU will end. That is categorically *not* was agreed. Free movement of British people will come to an end. Period.
Pay Attention to EVERYTHING... everywhere!
Wierd Cameron got a deal to limit thier entry but nobody would listen by then they forced a brexit oh and BTW bud so you know any and I mean any future trade deal will come at the expense of immigration from each respective country anyone who cares about immigration made it worse
Well it’s another Brexit benefit! ?
as demonstrated here ....
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
It's almost like we don't actually hold all the cards...
Bring it on they broke the law #StopBrexit
It hasn't 'ended', BBC. Your report wangs on like there's closure. There is no closuer on Brexit just because howky Treezur says it is and because your report is playing it like it is. Parliament will have its say. General Election ASAP.
Brexit vandals? ... theyre Remainers!! No LEAVErs sanction this. This is thoroughly misguided. The pursuit of a really really bad Remain. Its utter madness. From a Leaver: if it’s May’s deal v Remain as is, it’s Remain as is. That’s how fckng bad it is
Brexit: Spain agrees to Gibraltar deal, clearing path for withdrawal agreement - ABC News
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar!
If Brexit represents the nadir of human endeavour, here is its apogee. If you have hats, prepare to doff them now.
The latest Great Western Times! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Mom says we`ll all be forced into horse-hair knickers after March 29. But I think it`ll be badger cos they`ve got to do something with all those culled badgers and they`ll want to make a bob or two out of it. #Brexit
90% of my Twitter timeline is about Brexit. 8% of it are people defending against the lefties who call him a misogynist. 2% is miscellaneous.
So now we are potentially losing British sovereign territory? How much worse does all this have to get before we admit that it's a terrible idea! Remain is the best deal! #gibraltar #brexit #BrexitChaos
What a chaos. High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
what did UK clarify to Spain, which made them change their mind. Union is more precious than any deal #Brexit #BrexitDeal #gibraltar
Absolutely agree. The PM’s position is untenable. She doesn’t have the confidence of her party. She doesn’t have the confidence of the people. Brexit is just too important for her to be allowed to remain. MPs must show some courage
#Spain appears to have recovered sovereignty over #Gibraltar as May gives way after Spain's #Brexit 'veto' threat
We've said all along that #quitlings will never take responsibility for their actions. Well lo and behold, we are being proved right yet again! You voted for #Brexit you now must own the #chaos. Enjoy!
Brexit split RN
please get your reporters to pronounce #Brexit properly. There is no G in the word
If the only reason PM can think of to continue with Brexit is to get on with it, you know it is actually a bad idea. The deal makes us poorer and is worse than what we have at the moment. Let’s #stopBrexit and get on with tackling poverty and inequality.
You're suggesting it was in a workable condition to start with?
how will Brexit affect the value of the US dollar vs. Pound? Are forecasts saying the pound will become stronger after Brexit? #forex
Given that he has whipped his MPs to vote with the Tories on Brexit and had to be dragged into supporting a #PeoplesVote , I have a feeling that it still applies.
Nobody gives af now. May, Corbyn, the Establishment, the papers, lawyers, activists, you've all shown your true anti-democratic colours. There is no plan B for true democrats, the Brexiteers of this maginificent country. You've pushed it too far. #Brexit
BREXIT: Reality dawns for Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal, says Keir Mudie /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
He's been told to say that . How can he say the opposite just days before, they really are useless.
A recipe for Brexit she stuck between a rock and a hard border
Life after #Brexit: A New Road For the #GreenEconomy, But the Destination Remains the Same
Margaret Beckett destroys Theresa May's catastrophic handling of #Brexit.
Just thinking about all the useful things I could have known if I completely ignored Brexit
Whoever is making May’s ‘I promise I haven’t really just given something else away with my awful Brexit fuck up’ twitter videos must be earning some serious overtime.
Gibraltar is in the news because it’s tied up in Brexit negotiations. I don’t want to get into that now, except to say it’s a odd place. Like a little English town with the wrong climate. They also have Europe’s only apes. Here’s me with one in 2003.
Let’s adjust the terminology to fit the current political realities. Hard Brexit = Actually leaving. Soft Brexit = Remain. Remain = Committing to future integration and ever closer union. If the cabinet are working on stopping Brexit, we must work to change the cabinet.
How much money are license-payers giving you per annum for your failure to report #Brexit accurately and your endless lowbrow funny-old- world evasions?
May thinks brexit glory awaits her no cost nor sacrifice is too high
Vote Leave loses legal challenge over Brexit spending breach I guess this is being ignored
The Brexit project just continues to dazzle. Well done everyone.
Watching the news tonight regarding #Brexit is somewhat depressing... I dare say that the lives of May, Foster &amp; Johnson will be little changed by the aftermath of the impending horror. The rest of us are fucked. Shame on you Brexit voters. #FBPE
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
You could always dress up as Cromwell march into Parliament and remove Theresa May, Boris ... The people want a full English Brexit "NOW" and enough of This EU screwing us around.
I would much prefer that UK Junks the Johnson #JunkTheJohnson
Piss poor
Mike I cast no aspersions on your obvious intellectual prowess but it didn't need Nostradamus to predict that Treasonous May would capitulate on all things EU. Her speciality is kicking the can down the road but, as a result, the Tories will pay dearly at the ballot box! #Brexit
Northern Irish DUP says it will vote against May&amp;#8217;s &amp;#8216;pitiful&amp;#8217; Brexit deal
you can bank on it but then someone said there would be "no downside to Brexit, only upside" and "We hold all the cards" LOL
Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop'
Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop'
HIT UP MY CLASSIC ANTHEMS! BONZA FOR BEING IN THE CAR WITH THE LADS HEADING TO THE PARK. #sesh #brexit #hardbrexit
Forget what was put on the side of a bus. The biggest deceit in the #Brexit process is standing for PM on a #BrexitMeansBrexit ticket, being put in office and standing on a GE manifesto of #BrexitMeansBrexit only to capitulate and do the opposite
We've been laughing since the ref results, because we knew how delusional and stupid Brexit was. It's been a clown show since then : Boris Johnson antics, Lian Fox ridiculous trips, Theresa May empty rethoric, David Davis &amp; Dominic Raab petulant incompetence.
Spot On Doc Tim, 4 most Brexys its always been about freedom &amp; sovereignty first &amp; foremost
Eight years of Conservative austerity is happening to our services, plus two years of Brexit absorbing all focus &amp; money...
#Brexit Peace and Brexit in our time! Distinct Parallels?
It says that the respondents want to stop Brexit and there's Corbyn refusing to offer to.
““There can be,” Merkel told the Bundestag – adopting a term destined to become famous – “no cherry-picking.” There must, she stressed, be “a palpable difference between countries who are members of the European family, and those who are not.”” #brexit
There wouldn't have to be a bad deal, if there was no #Brexit in the first place. Yeah, think about that.
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit | The Spectator
Who could possibly have guessed that being part of an association of 27 countries and 500 million people might somehow give you more leverage when negotiating with one lonely country? #Gibraltar #Brexit
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
BREXIT: High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
The fact that the EU are keen on Teresa May’s bullshit #Brexit deal tells you everything you need to know about it. #Sellouts
I feel like at this point with brexit if Germany wanted to invade again we would let them
Extraordinarily sensible Parris: Brexiteers will never compromise; Remainers must fight and be willing to countenance the confusion of battle; “somebody has to win”.
Those #Brexit dividends just keep rolling in. "Yesterday the plan for changing the premises when you guys are no longer here and need your offices was approved," Swedish MEP tells Tannock and Dance on .
But she stopped Freedom of Mouvement...
There's a word for Theresa May's actions re #Gibraltar, and it's one should not like: capitulation. But tbh, #Brexit forces UK into capitulation on all fronts, it's not the PM's fault.
Tusk quotes Freddie Mercury lyrics on friendship ahead of Brexit summit: via
UK : Tuck-Shop lady negotiates crusts to be cut off sandwiches. SHE'S GOOD.
She'd sell her soul to get the vote, think she is under the illusion that she is a steely politician that got the Brexit deal shame is everyone knows she will not get it thro Parliament
...whilst Scotland is demanding a similar deal for their country like Northern Ireland, since Scotland overwhelmingly voted to stay in the EU is a shambles. This, whilst not forgetting the hands Spain has on Gibraltar now, showing the Tory shambles of Brexit.
What the he is wrong with Tory MP,s concerning #Gibraltar &amp; the Spanish Veto in the alleged Trade Deal including Co Sovereignty? Abject #MAY is and always will be a Remainer ! This crap she has agreed with the EU is NOT BREXIT!! Sort it or reap the whirlwind at the Election
Strictly compared to Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit -
I'm just going to leave that here: Vote Leave/Brexit Central Matthew Elliott explaining how the point is to push through something "a large proportion of British voters" do no want. "Let's take back control"
And we scoff at Brexit.
Can I ask: Did ANYONE read this, at the time, as ‘we will give £350 million a week to the nhs’?
In what universe is surrendering to every demand of the EU a 'negotiation'? This was complicity with the EU by May from Day 1 to reverse Brexit.
Straight talk helps understanding. Very simple and clear this from LSE prof.
will you not please call out for respecting Brexit vote yet not respecting the General Election vote? #Hypocrisy
If ever there was an illustration of how weak Brexit has made the UK it is this statement from the Spanish Foreign Minister. This is the obvious price to be paid for isolating ourselves!
They sure have and the country I am from has removed our rights of FOM with extrordingly glee, it hurts to have my future removed by lies, corruption and worse by those who are openly racist, islamphobe etc. I hate what the UK is doing to itself and its people. #backwards
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit |
1/2 I wish people would stop talking about the " Brexit Deal " as if it actually meant something - apart from the rights we are losing . The apparent collective political orgasm about tomorrow really is going to prove to be a premature ejaculation - if people thought the last 2
Brexit is not a tale of two equal powers. The UK simply does not have the economic or political weight to compete with 27 countries.
Well it's good to know that you now look at it with an open mind. Brexit was always going to be hijacked by some faction it just turned back on them big time but not before it had divided the country.
Who needs a war when you have May as Prime Minister. Anybody else want London... Wales maybe. Black Friday in the UK is still happening.. Giving away land on the cheap now. #brexit
'A bloody CHARADE' May’s EU visit pointless as UK will leave with 'managed' Brexit no deal-
No apology: Johnson has said far worse things of others. He is a man who has placed himself beneath contempt.
Brexit deal 'better than staying in EU', says Philip Hammond. How did he work that out? The UK will pay large annual sums but will not be at the top table to shape EU rules. It will be a rule-taker and that looks like erosion of sovereignty
wish there was one I am fed up with what #Brexit is doing to us all day to day. So much hatred bubbling under the surface. So much division.
May seems determined to give away everything that was British to achieve her dream of no free movement of people. Here's the thing: everything that was British was free movement of people.
Maybe Scott's final message is appropriate for the Brexit endgame, "For God's sake, look after our people ..."
What a catchy name; it's the best I've heard and is just what's required to keep everyone happy!
Isn't Theresa May's confidence here a bit misplaced? #Brexit is not a Quiz Show where she beats Jeremy Corbyn on points &amp; wins the Star Prize.
May is Toast but the MSM keep propping her up that her shitty deal could still go through parliament! Get a Brexit PM in and NO DEAL
She may yet save us from Brexit. Not intentionally, but still.
has once again proved himself to be worse than useless.
Nobody in the UK wants brexit - if there’s going to be. “Just get on with it” then it should be a #PeoplesVote
I can't believe after everything that has been exposed about #Brexit; with all the knowledge of Steve Bannon and Vladimir Putin's influence and funding, they are still planning to leave the EU. Fucking stupid.
YOU are every bit as complicit in the selling out of the country and its prospects to the racist, xenophobic Brexidiots as the . There is NEVER going to be a ‘jobs first’ Brexit. The whole notion is a fuck up from start to finish. I hope you’re proud of yourselves.
Kasme these Tories man. Even I didn’t think they’d take the UK this low. Forget the austerity and other cuts they’re usually known for, but the situation with Northern Ireland not wanting preferential treatment over Brexit compared to other UK countries...
#Gibraltar can only be grateful to and his for the peace of mind he is providing his people during these testing times. #thankyou #brexit
Foster wants a new deal although May is pushing with existing, Will Foster and DUP stand up for Brexit or fold to Mays demands ? Brexit voters want out we didn't vote for A,B or C deal
Theresa May MP: Say no to a second referendum get on with Brexit - Sign the Petition! via
It's worse than that. It's like throwing away the burger, after paying WAY OVER THE TOP for it, then being rodgered by the waiter (to be repeated for as long as the waiter wants!). BY THIS, MAY IS EASILY THE WORST PM EVER.
“I will always stand in line at Gibraltar immigration control, with my visitor visa stamped authoritatively in my Blue passport, humming that classic tune “Brexit means Brexit!”
Maybe traitor is a bit strong, but if you take into account the lies she has told and what the withdrawal agreement could potentially mean for the future of this country, people are rightly very very angry. #Brexit #MayMustGo
What scares me is the fact they think there is still time to get a better one or they prefer a hard Brexit over anything with zero treaties / zero FTAs. Don't know about mainland but the N.Ireland that would be a complete disaster if hard brexit occurred
But you voted for it you own it. It’s not up to Remainers to make it work.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Brexit would harm British consumers. So let's call the whole thing off. #StopBrexit #FuckTheBrexitDeal
To understand Brexit in historical perspective, might I suggest
Many historians already do
Its a sogs brexit.
took the job on knowing that she had to do the best of a bad thing. Today’s majority don’t want #Brexit now, and neither did she before June 2016 and probably doesn’t now, but she just doing her job. She’ll have to resign when Parliament kick this thing out
I agree, but at least it gets out there info that cases are going on , as many are unaware of all that is not right in this whole mess that is Brexit. So much of the media has hidden the reality from the bulk of the population.
Recently been banned from twitter for sharing a pro-Brexit view. Would massively appreciate a follow back from other Conservatives to regain my audience. Will follow all back. Thanks in advance
The best deal is the one we already have. No Brexit is the best deal!
Lots of people love President Trump on this side of the pond. And wish he was conducting our Brexit negotiations.
If you’re a Journalist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Not forgetting #Brexit locks US in, limits our freedom, reduces our opportunities, complicates our working &amp; social lives, frustrates cultural &amp; academic exchanges &amp; makes it harder for us to live where we want to, when we want to - but it's just perfect for control &amp; repression.
Where Brexit leads
Poofter walks over to me and says he's offended. Say fuck off poofter if you're not british get out or country. Tells me he's calling the polis for hate crime. Face goes red. Brexit batista bomb him. On the run from polis. No surrender polis are benders.Hiding in toilets of local
Daily phrases of 2018: “That’s not a fucking life hack” “Brexit means brexit” “Not going out” (but goes out)
...whilst Scotland is demanding a similar deal for their country like Northern Ireland, since Scotland overwhelmingly voted to stay in the EU is a shambles. This, whilst not forgetting the hands Spain has on Gibraltar now, showing the Tory shambles of Brexit.
Let’s adjust the terminology to fit the current political realities. Hard Brexit = Actually leaving. Soft Brexit = Remain. Remain = Committing to future integration and ever closer union. If the cabinet are working on stopping Brexit, we must work to change the cabinet.
Embarrassed to be back home in a DUP constituency when the Brexit deal is going to shit because of them...the whole thing is a miss...why England, why did you dump us all in this shit?
Brexit has been in perpetual jeopardy. Cheers to you for your work towards getting the win on the vote, but maybe it's time you take a step back.
So sick of you pretending there would be one iota of difference for the UK under Corbyn's Brexit. There wouldn't, and you know it.
It's because there are 2 huge drawbacks: free movement of people and for me the restriction on free trade deals. Those were 2 key things people wanted when they voted Brexit.
“But ask for their top #Brexit takeaway so far, and the most common response is: EU solidarity matters, and it works. That, and some surprise at the UK’s ineptitude.”
how do industry experts expect brexit to affect u.s. stock prices&amp; us economy? Not holding you to anything just interested in what uve been hearing
The Brexit Fantasy Goes Down in Tears | The New Yorker
El Erian: Brexit &amp; The Global Economy | Zero Hedge
on top form. Brexit just keeps getting more and more face-palm worthy.
The working class traitor Alan Johnson led the remain campaign. He wanted to throw away workers rights in order to do a deal with Cameron - Stuart Rose wooed big business and hinted higher wages on Brexit which big businesses opposed. that’s two reasons why remain lost.
Why is Theresa May still pushing this brexit deal if everyone is saying it’s a bad deal??
CNN reports UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar. Spain thinks that Gibraltar has been specifically excluded from agreement governing future U.K. / EU relationship. Either Spain or Theresa May is lying and no one believes its Spain
They are all going home, because of #Brexit along #Remain voters!
DUP warns Theresa May that it is prepared to bring down her government over her pitiful and pathetic Brexit deal Nigel Dodds, DUP deputy leader, issued the threat at his party’s conference in Belfast
The biggest failing of our Conservative government outside of the breakdown of public services and dramatic increase in poverty was not preparing for #brexit. This idea of optimism towards a deal that is destined to fail could be the next. 4 months to get this right.
Gibraltar puts the UK between a Rock and a hard place on Brexit | John Crace
I'll explain it in 4 words... You're a treasonous slimeball.
I presently intend to do exactly that too. A new leader and a proper no deal Brexit may, however, change my view.
You’ve sold the UK &amp; Gibraltar for 30 pieces of silver. You’re delivering. Brexit that will see the UK become subservient to others. #ToryBrexitShambles #CorruptToTheCore
Yeah, that. AIUI it's a question of jurisdictions. That guy was in this jurisdiction so we pounced. If only it had any effect at all on Brexit.
BREXIT FIGS - Leave 53.4% England 52.5% Wales get priority over Remain 62% Scotland 55.8% in NI 96% Gibralta Is that democracy ?
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #FinalSay
France protects the rights of Britain in France, unilaterally. Wow. #NotAHostileEnvironment #brexit
This considered, cautious Brexit, practical and provincial, is very much like the prime minister herself. It is miles away from the kind of cinematic, swashbuckling, go-for-it, “Global Britain” Brexit that former foreign secretary Boris Johnson craved.
Yup. That’s all Brexiters are able to do, blame everyone else for their total cock.
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of #Brexit summit
She’s a sop, Theresa May is useless and we are all paying the price for her ego - she’s sacrificing the country to get her deal through &amp; our young will face a lesser future because she thinks she’s Joan of Arch. Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar.
Sit down and shut up Gina Miller. ‘Rise up’ and stop Brexit chaos, students are urged by Remain campaigner Gina Miller
So Nth Ireland gets a special Brexit deal, Gibraltar gets a special Brexit deal, why not Scotland who had the biggest vote to remain in EU? Fukc you May. Fukc Brexit. Fukc the Union. #Indyref2
I am sure the most depressing thing by the end of this week will be Theresa May trying to seek her Brexit deal using anti-immigrant bashing UKIP rethoric. Especially if she considers without EU migrants, the NHS would collapse.
Can’t disagree with any of that. But we must now work for the greater good. I think
The only way out of May’s Brexit chaos is for Labour to force an election | Owen Jones | Opinion | The Guardian
May focused on pushing Brexit based on the Referendum result. She's made it easy on herself. She's not had to wrestle with what is the national interest, whether the people knew what they were voting for and whether they were manipulated by liars and criminals. She's been robotic
First off, you seem to have forgotten Wales? #brexit
...whilst Scotland is demanding a similar deal for their country like Northern Ireland, since Scotland overwhelmingly voted to stay in the EU is a shambles. This, whilst not forgetting the hands Spain has on Gibraltar now, showing the Tory shambles of Brexit.
Ann Widdecombe says she's ashamed of her country , so are the other 17.4M who feel totally humiliated by this government. How did it get to this?
May has just given things away to get this through... this is utter madness... #Brexit
Yeah he is a puppet of the ultra-globalist Like Merkel, Trudeau, and you can add Theresa May with her phoney #Brexit and some other leaders.
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU via
Leo is watching Ireland's back ,he didn't vote for Brexit, u did ,reap what u sow
TELEGRAPH BREXIT LEAD: ‘Secret Brexit Plan B’ #tomorrowspaperstoday
On this week's #IrelandUnfiltered Dion Fanning speaks to Alastair Campbell, former journalist and political advisor to Tony Blair, about Brexit and the possibility it could be reversed Together with Watch and subscribe to our YouTube below:
FFS : Mrs May should be called the compromise queen. If it's not one thing, it's another. Mrs May, Brexit means just that, not bend over, lube up and let the EU keep screwing us over!
May arrives for EU Brexit summit after last-minute 'cave-in' over Gibraltar
See, the problem with this is deep down, you know that isn’t true. Politics are so polarised at the moment that you vote AGAINST the alternative. As for Brexit, it was all predictable, reality bites hard.
Was May always planning 2 betray Britain?
Spot the globalist.
I’m giving this Brexit lark another two months and if it’s still rumbling on I’m done, just gonna start sharing dog videos
Are you suggesting only the rich voted for Brexit? I voted leave too and I live in a council house.
Please don`t call me Yaxley-Lemon ! #TommyRobinson #UKIP #Brexit
Brexit effect
European Union set to agree Brexit deal #innovation
BREAKING: Gotta give British Parliament credit here. If Zuck ain't forthcoming on his FB adventures w/#Brexit extremists secretly peddling fear &amp; lies, Cambridge Analytica &amp; millions of identities breached, it's time 4 the government to put the hammer down
May insists no change on Gibraltar position Sent via
I want to stop brexit for the sake of our grandchildren aged 7 and 9. At 66 I don’t have a future. Their future is all I care about.
But austerity is over Dawn, Teresa May (who we are supposed to belive about Brexit£ ) said so. #brexitffs
Seriously..
Boris Johnson at DUP conference, Tommy Robinson advising UKIP, fracking, food banks, Brexit, austerity, Rees-Mogg, Britain First, EDL...Its really getting to the stage of us just walking away from this whole rotten Union. What else are Scots supposed to do?
If you enjoyed the latest episode on Brexit with , remember you can get access to the extended version (and of other PTO episodes) by becoming a $3 patron:
Its not brexit or no brexit that will determine the future success of our nation but good business management!!
Join the club, the majority of UK is ashamed of and THEIR leader - she is not OUR leader!
Gibraltar 'stealth clause' could mean Spain blocks Brexit
The United Kingdom is one step closer to Brexit after reaching an agreement with Spain over the status of Gibraltar. #9News
Do you support the brexit ?
Brexiteers are traitors unless they are the light and oppose brexit
The United Kingdom is one step closer to Brexit after reaching an agreement with Spain over the status of Gibraltar. #9News
Bloody Brexit
the most positive thing you could do right now is to get your brother to agree with you
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Dutch media are not reporting a capitulation of May on Gibralter - just that they have decided to keep it out of Brexit. That is not a bad thing, is it? For British people I mean?
Too little, too late, I fear. But here's hoping for an early gift from Santa.
In Berlin, [...], there was “irritation and surprise at the chaos” across the Channel. “Everyone reads the UK papers here. We saw it all, every comment, every contradiction ... People were laughing – rolling their eyes – at some of the most extreme, the most arrogant, stuff.”
So it seems we’ve likely given Gibraltar away as part of the bullshit brexit negotiations. Bet all the gammon faced dickheads are happy.
MayFail and Duchess Meghan on the front page
The United Kingdom is one step closer to Brexit after reaching an agreement with Spain over the status of Gibraltar. #9News
I am sure the most depressing thing by the end of this week will be Theresa May trying to sell her Brexit deal using anti-immigrant bashing UKIP rethoric. Especially if she considers without EU migrants, the NHS would collapse.
Freedom of Movement - myths debunked. #Brexit shambles.
By contrast to our friends and neighbours we have become a pathetically narrow-minded sort of place #ViveLaFrance #LiberteEgaliteFraternite
Never mind the bluster, Ms Hartley Dooda. What Brexit would you favour, and show your working with a full benefit/cost analysis. Then explain the economy tanking. Brexiteers are getting nervous. Because this foul-up is their fault, and no-one else’s.
This is your teeth on Brexit.
The United Kingdom is one step closer to Brexit after reaching an agreement with Spain over the status of Gibraltar. #9News
They are in denial about the crisis in the police , education , social care , mental health care, poverty,public services, council's ,transport , brexit and anything else you care to name ,yes they are in complete denial and incompetent .
The security and defence threat posed by May’s Brexit deal via
The United Kingdom is one step closer to Brexit after reaching an agreement with Spain over the status of Gibraltar. #9News
Brexit: Where we are in seven charts
“The best way to determine whether some (Brexit) eventuality or other is a credible potential timeline is to ask: is it terrible? Because if it is, it could definitely happen. If it feels like a net positive, then it probably has to be placed in the nice idea but unrealistic pile
Very happy to do that if you could just arrange for the PM who pretended she was negotiating Brexit to step aside.
Brexit: Where we are in seven charts
Stephen I’m exhausted if I’m honest. With a total lack of opposition we all fight on against the lunacy of Brexit. Every day it becomes clear #remain is THE answer yet who speaks for us ?
#Brexit Sunday papers
The United Kingdom is one step closer to Brexit after reaching an agreement with Spain over the status of Gibraltar. #9News
Konnie, surprised you haven’t done your research. Contrary to your Brexit shop today, tampons were made 15% more expensive by the E.U....Cameron and Philip Hammond lost the argument and were forced by the EU to increase Vat from 5% to 20%. Makes you look like you were played...
Debunked: 40 Reasons to Back the Brexit Deal -
Instead of telling this trumped up pygmy PM of a near bankrupt country to get lost, May makes yet another concession. Is there no one she won’t sell out to stay in the EU?
The Babel Fish of Brexit.
Have you seen this tonight?
The Politicians voted by 544 votes to 53 to give us a Referendum on #Brexit. We voted. The Majority voted for Autonomy. The Majority voted to Govern ourselves. Mrs #May is now performing the #GreatBrexitBetrayal Dance all you like Theresa, we do NOT want a hokey kokey Brexit.
What a load of bollocks. Gibraltar specifically voted in favour of REMAIN. Gibraltar is owed no favours by BREXIT.
Always good to see where others get their perspective on brexit amongst other things and to point out the lies that were told. Also good to let people know where we actually stood in the EU.
... concern over brexit. Robinson does present some euroscepticism, but if course his focus is groomng and terror. These are not the main issue which UKIP is ranting about right now, so what use is Robinson? Let me use your trick, and show you how it doesn’t work That was a...
LIAR! It's not any form of Brexit...and it's not a deal. Call it May's Toxic Fraud National Suicide Fix dressed up as an eu escape but locking back into subordination the formerly free British people. It's nothing to do with Brexit ! nc24nov18
UK app seeks to cure pain of notorious Brexit residency form
EU #EU British #British Brexit Summit #BrexitSummit #Government Brexit Summit Is Back on After Fight Over Gibraltar Defused via
We’ll come through it. Because the EU has major problems with the likes of Italy and Portugal. We all think they are thinking about Brexit, but we are not the only factor in all this.
should brush up on History. Eire owes this country nothing and should exercise any position it wishes. Brexiters may think our neighbour should be our friend, maybe if we hadn't killed so many they would be.. #Ireland #brexit
The brexiteers don't want May's deal they want a "proper" brexit - whatever the fuck that is. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
never mind brexit what about workers rights/pay and working conditions in the workplace trade unions/options etc where the fuck have all those gone? what about the NHS and other things? sadly they have all been...
Maybe it’s the only paper that will publish it? There is possibly a shift for the papers to be, at least, not pro-brexit.
Well at least the younguns are thinking straight and not distracted by brexit or political backstabbing.
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
#Brexit face
BREXIT: Strictly compared to Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
It’s the Tories that got you into the CFP and it’s Tories who will sign away for their English Brexit. You are a Tory trying to deflect away from your incompetence and betrayal of Scotland..and how anyone can defend that Muppet Thomson ?
Stop the deal. No brexit at all.
Mind you Cameron asked nicely for reform and the EU told him to f**k off... It feels like this would’ve come at some point. Now we are getting reform as it’s not really Brexit.
This is a deal that delivers for nobody. It’s worse than the deal we’ve already got inside the EU and far from bringing the country together, it would mean Brexit will go on for ever because the biggest questions are still unresolved. 1/4
Packed People's Brexit meeting demands general election
's #EU deal is a never ending expensive surrender, doesn't deliver #Brexit just cements remain. Disgraceful. Betrayal of #UK.
But not you Scotland you can sit at the back you're not European.
#Brexit #War - Theresa May's government betraying Brexit new dawn for Britain
Nice to see that citizens' rights might finally take precedence over the bl*** fish. #Brexit
Woooohoooo!!! This country is actually getting better slowly!!
Just said near exactly the same. A clear strategy has been drawn out from the off. And when its the next General Election, the Tories will said, 'we planned Brexit got a deal but those pesky Labour lot blocked it. '
Cameron's decision to hold the Brexit referendum to appease some extremist backbenchers in his own party is, IMO, the worst political decision in British politics, since the end of WW2. This single decision qualifies him, IMO, as the worst British PM in the post-WW2 era.
Let's hope they won't budge this time like they did on Brexit.
Of course it's down to May and #Remoaners. Nothing to do with voting for a no-plan #Brexit.
British people pushed for a referendum to leave the European Union. The Irish didn’t. Our vote was to free the UK. If Ireland wants freedom it’s their business, not ours. Brexit was about us not them.
Hmmm, post Brexit? I don’t know.
2/2 years were difficult and "meaningful" wait until they have to go through the next 5 years+ Once the economy has tanked &amp; we haven't completed any Trade Deals of note then they will really understand what Brexit means According to TMs recent spouting it's all about xenophobia
Another narrow minded Remoaner throwing his dummy out of bed.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
There's only one way to find out give the people a vote #PeoplesVote
The outcome of these negotiations is going to be a miserable one for Britain. Nobody voted for a Brexit that will see Britain giving away control and leaving people poorer. This is not what was promised two years ago. 2/4
Merkel &amp; the other EU Anti-Nationalists use one Reference for their argument; The Nazis of the 30s. Hitler touted Nationalism in his rise to power which quickly devolved into a Military Dictatorship. It's NOT a credible analogy &amp; is done in opposition to Brexit &amp; a Faltering EU.
Spain actually does have a veto. Not over Brexit, but over any future relationship between the UK and EU. This is a far worse scenario.
Now is the most important time in the Brexit tragedy. We must NOT give in to May’s ruinous deal under the threat that the only alternative is no deal. The only alternative is NO BREXIT.
Am I the only one to ponder the irony of Brexiters moaning about Gibraltar when the Arron Banks money that drove Leave EU was more than likely channelled from insurance businesses based there? Damage to Gibraltar inevitable outcome of Brexit. The world has gone mad.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse via
To say nothing of falling house prices, rising interest rates, rising food prices, fewer jobs etc etc etc
Theresa May's Brexit deal kills hopes of ban on live animal exports, campaigners warn - The Independent
It's misfire association g with Robinson. I like Batten and I fully understand Robinson's situation is the result of a govt witch hunt,, but UKIP can do without the contoversy right now. Brexit is the number one issue.
Holyhead on Brexit: ‘When will people wake the f**k up?’
What paid for by the Germany
Not going to happen. May will reel them in. It's what she does.
May's deal will mean #Brexit goes on for years and years. A #PeoplesVote with a #Remain option is the way to get it over with.
Backstop must be removed if DUP to support May ---- Foster 24/11/18 21:06 || RTE &gt; Video via
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
The UK and Spain have reached an agreement over the status of the British territory once the UK has left the European Union The UK and Spain reached an agreement Saturday over the status of Gibraltar once the UK has left the European Unio... #USNews #USRC
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
If they can do surgery on a grape, surely we can deliver Brexit.
Das #BrexitChaos scheint nie aufzuhören: “The former Foreign Secretary doesn't want the DUP to bring down the government, because he wants to take it over”
Send the fucking SAS and obliterate the cunts, brexit means brexit
To my Brexiteers friends, please do read this, it's not project fear, it's real: "As A Cancer Researcher, Brexit Makes Me Fearful For Our Future Health"
full hearing and a ruling within weeks of opening on 7/12 after growing evidence of illegality
Here's why the tiny peninsula of Gibraltar is having an outsized effect on Brexit
She has just sold out on Brexit thats all and that has always been her plan. A remain PM leading a remain government it was the way of circumventing the referendum result. Well done
Boris Warns Brexit Plan Akin to Titanic Heading Toward Doom
Turning on the taps to absorb the shock of brexit? She means printing money to cover the trillions leaving the EU will cost. Ermm, yep, everywhere that has been done throught history has been a raving success. Not
The EU does not want a deal. This anti-democratic empire wants to crush Brexit. Written by someone who knows what he’s talking about.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
#Spain Lifts Threats, Clearing Way For #EU Summit To Approve #Brexit Deal
Massive agree
Brexit means stalin
#Brexit: general rule-of-thumb, if you find yourself in a hole, stop digging! How much damage must be done to the UK and EU, before a #PeoplesVote has to save this mess? #TickTock
True consequence of Brexit but sobering nonetheless
That's what we'll be eating after a No deal Brexit
Think you might be mixed up here. Working with the EU is easily a more effective way to protect all aspects of the environment. Here’s an example of our own government’s commitment to the environment:
If there are any French people reading this, please could you come and help us with our protests. We really aren't very good at it, but you guys are simply the best. #Brexit
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
February. The DUP are a minority party and their views on Brexit are overwhelmingly opposed by the majority. and SF represent the majority on this issue but they are excluded while the DUP receive saturation coverage.
Not sure why we should be expected to trust your ability to read, digest, comprehend or question anything as complex as #Brexit given your woeful failure to spot night flights being a core part of RSP #Manston plans &amp; that you can’t seem to manage to fill out your expenses form.
Enjoyable documentary on post-Brexit Britain airing on RTÉ 2 at the moment
Just like Brexit, massive gap between what the people what and what is realistic.
I want to stop Brexit because it will be a disaster for our country, our relationship with our neighbours, &amp; our standing in the world.
This is a Remainer mess. It's a Remainer gov with Remainer PM and Remainer civil servants. It's about as far from Brexit as it could be. It's all been Remainer lies from the start. Own your own shite. #NotBrexit
Well the lack of leadership from Labour front bench on the insanity of Brexit and the huge impact it will gave on the poorest doesn't help. I worry we won't have informed, fair our legal campaign But I know the majority do not want Brexit, despite both main parties supporting it
The Sunday Telegraph front page: Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday
How many inquiries do we need into their brexit support and "dark money" before she apologies?
Much as I support please stand up to Brexit. It is a right wing coup and there are no good outcomes. You are the leader of the Opposition: mobilise them to oppose. You are an elected politician and Leader of your party, please lead us out of this Tory mess
fucking hell forget abt ur stupid brexit deal that’s gonna fail anyway for 10 seconds and sort this out
#Spain and Britain resolve Gibraltar dispute to save #Brexit summit
One’s the Chief Minister of Gibraltar and one’s a backbench Tory. Who to believe ? I’ll give you a clue it’s not the swivel eyed hard core Brexiter who seems determined to bring down the Government and thwart a sensible Brexit.
Even more reason for a #PeoplesVote #FBPE
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Analysis | How Gibraltar almost stopped a Brexit deal
Good Evening....... Look's like The Brexit, is still, making waves.....
UK after brexit
whose permission did May have to discuss the sovereignty of Gibraltar.... someone has to stop this woman from destroying the UK with her stupidity over Brexit. imho
Thing is- brexit is tearing it all apart. About time too. The hubris of the last 800 years is making way for nemesis. Scotland will go - of that I am certain. And we'll show Wales it is possible. Keep the faith brother. Alba gu bràth
High Court to rule if #Brexit referendum vote is ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks criminal investigation | #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal #FinalSay
33.5m voted and a clear majority voted leave. But majority of MPs/Civil Servants will never accept that outcome (even though 400+ remain voting MPs represent constituencies that voted leave). Hence the fake brexit deal remainers have negotiated. Vast anger outside M25.
#Spain agrees to back #Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, #EU
Retweet wildly and with joy and hope.
Thanks, but I'm not convinced "the best thing on Twitter" is a recommendation. Sounds too much like "best Brexit deal on offer". #Brexit #Satire
Just because JC agrees Brexit democratic result has 2B honoured But has fiercely fought against Tory incompetence &amp; wouldHaveDoneBetter?
#European Union #chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, left, and European Council #President Donald Tusk flip through the pages of a draft agreement on Thursday, Nov.
Watch this it explains in few minutes what may is doing with Gibraltar we can not allow this
Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop'
Pound euro exchange rate: GBP capitalises on eurozone weakness as German economy contracts - read more - The pound soared yesterday with the news of a draft agreement being made regarding the future relations between the UK and EU post-Brexit.Theresa M...
Why does this pompous old windbag keep being quoted by news media?
That kunt is an absolute disgrace. The people of Gibraltar want. Nothing to do with Spain. Why are they not entitled to self-determination?
lets fuck democracy shall we. What has democracy ever done for us? #Nazis
#TheresaMay vows to 'stand by' Gibraltar amid #Brexit row with #Spain
our freedom is hanging by a thread ,this is not brexit
What no Brexit
We now go live to #brexit etc etc #imacelebrity
Brexit: Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch EU summit.
About Brexit: Irish border, Gibraltar, bla, bla, are all very important but what about ROAMING? I can’t go back to paying for roaming - it’s like taking a sweet from a child!
Get the flamethrowers out pronto!!!!! Chuck May overboard...... Simples
It’s a load of shit folks. We can all it for what it is. Brexit is a disaster
Labour must own their complicity ...
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
#Spain's deal on #Gibraltar clears way for Sunday's #Brexit summit
Gabriel Catalano tweeteando... EU, U.K. to Meet for Brexit Summit After Spain Secures Reassurances Over Gibraltar - WSJ see more
Donald Tusk has just seen Bohemian Rhapsody.
has negotiated #brexit in the same manner socialists deal with tax payers money! #MayMustGo
Merkel &amp; the other EU Anti-Nationalists use one Reference for their argument; The Nazis of the 30s. Hitler touted Nationalism in his rise to power which quickly devolved into a Military Dictatorship. It's NOT a credible analogy &amp; is done in opposition to Brexit &amp; a Faltering EU.
Brexit deal: Nicola Sturgeon wants leaders' debate on draft agreement
The Fortune Teller looks into her Crystal Ball and tries to see through the Brexit Fog to find answers on how to win a vote which leave might have only won by breaking the law. So how could it be the will of the people and even Legal. Democracy needs a 2nd Honest Vote.
And a proper one, not a shoddy IKEA knock-off like we've got! #DitchTheDeal
They should make a porn film called "Back Stop in Northern Ireland" #Brexit
No chance
Don’t worry Darren. Brexit is proceeding for you just swimmingly so you’re all good
Theresa May MP: Say no to a second referendum get on with Brexit - Sign the Petition! via
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Think of Brexit the movie that would surely follow! Lawyers will be presented as caped crusaders and will be played by Benedict Cumberbatch.
By logic then... any doctor that voted leave doesn’t care about the NHS - an astonishing and patronising attack on your fellow professionals. Damage to the NHS, by and large, has, in recent times, been caused by Tory austerity rather than Brexit.
TM's CV
Yes. This.
Are we? EU still left the option to cancel brexit open, it is a choice. just people would rather be fktards instead of swallowing thier faux pride and admitting there is not good opportunities in the UK it can only go down without the EU as the world hates us as much as the USA.
#UKEUchallenge "High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation" Please pledge here:
Here we go, another week...
Brexit is clearly not nostalgia for Empire....It is about not wanting to be a province of the the EU Empire....
We’re organising a piss up in a brewery tomorrow and we’d love you to join us! Come to Clarkshaws in Loughborough Junction from 4-6pm to enjoy delicious #FourFreedoms European Pale Ale fresh from the cask and catch up on the latest Brexit news &amp; gossip:
The Scotsgov have not acted on that yet as the UK GOV at this point can still stop brexit, technically. The Subjugation of Scots Sovereignty has not quite happened yet.
May’s Brexit deal kills hopes of ban on live exports, campaigners warn
Theresa May's Chief Brexit Negotiator: Theresa May's deal worse than staying in EU!
This thread. THIS THREAD!
The #British people voted for #BREXIT. So why have they not Brexited yet? Seems that certain elitists don’t respect the wil of the people. Time for the people of #Britain to get armed.
If Plan B is a No Deal Brexit then the UK failed its citizens and it proves that Brexit was more about splitting the EU than it was about strengthening the UK. Who does that help?
What Happens if MPs Reject May's Brexit Deal? - Brexit Explained via
Amusing to see them tying themselves in knots - especially enjoyed one of them preempting anyone calling him thick as it must have dawned on him how stupid he looks. We haven't a chance of reversing Brexit though, their ignorance is only emboldened as time passes.
Strictly compared to #Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder
“High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation” Think the will bother to report on this?? NAAAH
Latest News: Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU #LatestNews
the DUP take no notice let's have a hard brexit and walk away stop putting in the EU honey pot
First Northern Ireland and now Gibraltar. What's happening to the Conservative government? "Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit" -
#brexit solution for the Tories: 1. Go ahead with current deal 2. Call bluff of Labour, DUP and Tory ERG and call general election
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' #Brexit minister - Reuters
What the #EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's #Brexit deal -
I don't have high hopes to be honest, but it is nearly Christmas though and I, unlike Mr Banks, have been a very good boy this year...
#UK parliament #Brexit vote will disrupt #Markets, analyst says
And all entirely self inflicted
She isn't. You are intent on destroying Brexit. The EU want a No Deal as Parliament will then finish Brexit for ever. You just don't have the balls for the fight from outside the EU.
Theresa May to embark on Brexit tour amid 'gongs for votes' row via
Unless of course Withdrawal Agreement is voted down by #ukparliament #Brexit
took a £5 million backhander from the construction that were supposed to build the garden bridge.Which did not go ahead. He owes them that money back or a bridge. Rumours are there is a mafia connection and #borisjohnson is literally shitting bricks #Brexit #Retwwet
I'm in the UK and we could do someone like Trunp to negotiate Brexit instead we have Theresa "give the EU anything it wants" May.
Brexit = bad idea proposed by retro imperialists...
Yes !! How can you have a leaders debate without a proper leader ?
la liga is crumbling, bundesliga has been meh for a while, ligue 1 is a joke and serie A has italian fans. Bring on brexit
““But it led to a quite remarkable coming together of the EU. The key red lines, and the sequencing, were set very early.”” Exactly. EU confirmed immediately after the referendum precisely how they would proceed. They had a plan. The UK did not. #brexit
We don't need to. Walk away = Leave the EU.
Forget Brexit, I'm a celebrity get me out of here, THE EYES HAVE IT.
Live footage of at #EU summit #Brexit #BrexitDeal #DumpTheBrexitDeal
"TaxPayers’ Alliance” is a kind of trick. The alliance isn’t the “grassroots campaign” it claims to be. ... It is a private company dedicated to producing a “pro-enterprise country with lower, simpler taxes”, whether taxpayers want them or not."
It’s a NO sod off
Parliament seizes cache of #Facebook internal papers Documents alleged to contain revelations on data and privacy controls that led to #CambridgeAnalytica scandal #Brexit
Link to the report here: "So turns out most of the voters are leftards. How could we change that as our funders need wealthy-friendly (deregulated, tax-avoidy) policies?" "Call them Soros-funded! Set a Museum of Communist Terror! Send pretty ladies on TV!"
May and the government need to get their act together over #Gibraltar if the Spanish want to kick up a fuss and threaten us with a veto lets see how a British government recognition of an indepen Catalonia goes down in Madrid. They'll back down. #Brexit
It's all about the Tory Party
A strong and stable way of taking back control Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
The #DUP, who supported the #Tories in the implementation of - as cited by the UN inspector - “callous” #austerity policies, says #TheresaMay’s #Brexit deal will leave the UK in a pitiful place? How much worse can it be?
Bit of sense spoken in this sky interview
How many rightful legal challenges are enough to require caution and clarity?
The thing is with liars that they have to remember that they lied and how. And they usually can’t. Which is where it starts to unravel...
Blimey it’s like Brexit all over again
Bore off. Completely pointless however it would be interesting to see you explain why you have instructed snp MP’s to vote against the Brexit deal in favour of a hard Brexit.
need to win over leave voters if they want to get anywhere near 10 Downing Street #labourleave
I voted leave. I saw in 2016 what a mess the Gov't were making of this. I looked into independent journalism covering Brexit, Trump, Russia, Bannon, Farage, Banks &amp; Wigmore. Anyone who thinks Brexit is a good idea now has either lost their mind or will profit from Brexit.
No surprise #BBC news hasn't reported on #Gibraltar sell out. Preferring instead to attack #DUP &amp; claim every business in NI supports May deal #brexit Scrap the licence fee.
Would a decent man claim to represent the poorest and most vulnerable by pursuing a policy that will impoverish the entire nation for the foreseeable future? Would decent man utter mendacious slogans like "Jobs First Brexit" or accuse EU citizens of undercutting wages?
Brits will never get the #Brexit they voted for because they're unwilling to fight for it. There are very few real patriots left in the West. There are talking heads, nothing more. If the people really cared, they would rise up en masse and March and strike and cripple the UK.
You are wrong. Start listening to the people who disagree with you and not to the people who agree with you. You made that mistake before when you called the snap election - that went well didn't it. Your fantasy Brexit deal is a bigger disaster. #Brexit #Leave #Remain #MayMustGo
Anti-Brexit's 3 Men in a Pub 1 Second for every country. Graham Hughes's Record-Breaking Journey To 20... via
Always keep an open mind and open ear. Brexit for a lot of people was a major protest vote tho. Not me, but people I know felt that way.
Nobody is handing Gibraltar to Spain. The Gibraltarians don't want to be part of Spain. That's that. No British govt has sold them out. Brexit has given the Spanish govt a chance to play awkward buggers. This could be bad for Gib and its neighbours, but the rock remains British.
Pity It's disastrous that the Tory Party have set the scene for this division &amp; done nothing to sort themselves out
As a doctor, I follow the evidence and listen to those who are considered experts in that area. Brexit-wise, that would therefore be leaders in industry, not people like Farage, Johnson &amp; Mogg. If somethings 'not easy' and experts are saying "don't do it", I'd probably listen
They deserve brexit
If she burgled her own house she would brag about what a good job of it she had done
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Gove stated get the deal and then we can change what we want to do. This shows the depth of skullduggery that the Tory Party stand for. Sign a Treaty and then decide that only did it get Brexit and wreck the UK. EU Politicians are right not to trust these people.
I wonder if the robot will prostitute herself just so she can force her brexit deal through parliament? Then when it's defeated what then?
May urged by DUP to 'bin' Brexit deal and stop presenting 'false choices' to public ahead of key EU summit.
How long does anyone reckon before she throws the Falklands to Argentina?
Believe Mike.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is a ‘remain ‘ ploy but remainers please listen ...this is nothing like ‘as it was ‘ it’s a surrender to a ‘new EU, more globalist and corporate than ever . EVERYONE fooled and misled .
they're going to approve teresa may's brexit plan tomorrow lol. We're so fucked lol
Hello Vice President Pence have you called or Text Theresa May Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on successfully completion of Brexit and did you ask the President Trump for permission to congratulate PM May of UK
So, he's happy to continue a relationship with a so called club who wish us to suffer and take their petty spite. What's his pay off?
OK, based on the shambles that is May’s Brexit deal, songs about the EU. I’ll start the ball rolling “Another 1 bites the dust” - Queen “Fool if you think it’s over” - Chris Rea “Devil Woman” - Cliff “Little lies” - Fleetwood Mac “Shame” - Eurythmics It’s a start. Suggestions?
Shocking behaviour by PM. Makes you wonder what’s next? #Brexit #TheresaMay #BrexitLies #brexitcrisis #WTFTheresa #Spain #Gibraltar #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVoteNow
Never seen #ProperBrexit before, here's one that flag waving populism made earlier. #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Or just #revokeA50 Brexit with any benefit has proved to be an undeliverable fantasy
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
Brexit must be stopped and reversed for the sake of our country and for our children's futures. It was a dream of a utopia built on lies, false promises, illegalities, interference from foreign governments and fear of a UKIP takeover of the Tory party.
So many Tories talking up a no-deal flounce-out Brexit. They don't seem to realise that the party would be destroyed by that. It is already facing a demographic time bomb, with hardly any young people supporting them and their old media channels decaying
Good to see you all left labour. Standing up for brexit. Well done.
The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”, in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the criminal investigation into Leave funder Arron Banks.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
We've got one, thanks. It's Corbyn's socialist Labour Party.
True brexit never properly articulated.
Stephen Collins on Jeremy Corbyn and Brexit – cartoon
I don’t understand what going here cos am confused cos I thought we be leave next year and if mps vote this down does that mean we re still leaving with a no deal or we shackled to the Eu after brexit
What you need to know about the crucial EU Brexit summit
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit #japanese #japan #news
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
2 years in prison when the rest of us get a life sentence bc of him?
Opinion: It's crunch time, Corbyn. You need to talk about Brexit and quickly
What next Canvey Island I fear for the Isle of Wight #MayMustGoNow #BrexitBetrayal #maycapitulation #WTOBrexit
No Deal won't happen. It gives the substantial Remainer majority in Parliament the excuse to vote Brexit away, for ever.
The British people wanted Brexit, well they’re fucking going to get Brexit. As many job losses as I can muster, Scotland gone, NI gone and Gibraltar gone. A car park in Kent as long as the eye can see. You wanted Brexit, well you’re gonna fucking get it, in spades! #BrexitDeal
Do I? Look at the forces who are pushing for Brexit. Did it originate from the people? Was it a people’s movement? Or was it filthy rich elitists that used us for their own goals?
The Brexit dream was that the UK would set its own laws without any foreign influence. But all countries trade most with their closest neighbours. The main barrier to trade is different regulations. So even if we weren't officially bound by EU law we'd following end up it anyway.
Article IV Treaty of Union........ Brexit deal for Northern Ireland is about to Breach it. Let’s get the Lawyers on voiding the entire Treaty as England is fully aware and negotiated in bad faith!
So the Good Friday Agreement isn't the only reason Brexit can only mean a loss of sovereignty. The rule about trading most with your geographic neighbours is so fundamental to economics they call it the "gravity rule".
Brexit is not impossible. It's just impossible in the way the government have approached it and in every single way the Brexiteers have suggested.
Brexit must be stopped and reversed for the sake of our country and for our children's futures. It was a dream of a utopia built on lies, false promises, illegalities, interference from foreign governments and fear of a UKIP takeover of the Tory party.
"This sleepwalking to disaster needs to end. Parliament should reject the plan, and, with or without May as prime minister, press for a second referendum to reverse this historic error." Indeed it does. MPs are you listening?
Theresa May’s “failure to act”.
I disagree, . Britain has, despite all the fuss we have caused, contributed a lot to the EU, notably re the single market and liberalisation of services, in security &amp; policing cooperation, in foreign &amp; defence policies and in a less hidebound administrative tradition
Descendants of Jewish refugees seek German citizenship after Brexit vote | World news | The Guardian
The European Union removed the last major obstacle to sealing an agreement on Brexit after Spain said it had reached a deal Saturday with Britain over Gibraltar on the eve of an EU summit.
"Appetite", "trajectory", words, words, words. 60+ effing years and how far has this actually got? Not very far to judge from brexit. It's not exactly Hannibal at the gates, is it?
1. Relax, nothing has changed 2. Giving back Spain its territory that was taken by force wouldn’t be a bad thing, it’s just a hole of pirates and money laundering companies now. 3. Yes, Brexit is a horrible idea, not only for the Gibraltar thing.
The thought police have had their hands around the microphone for the last 30 years. It's taken Brexit to raise our awareness, MSM is not and never will be representative of the working class.
Proof #Brexit is a good idea Merkel: EU Nations Must Prepare to Hand Sovereignty over to Brussels via
Andrea Leadsom was torn to shreds when she made a similar comment and it destroyed her chance of becoming a (Brexit) leader.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
14th June 2016 Daily Telegraph “Boris Johnson and Michael Gove, the two leading figures in the Leave campaign, have drawn up a blueprint for implementing a Brexit. Sensibly, it calls for flexibility and a period of reflection.”
Brexit deal will leave UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader ahead of EU summit.
Brexit means less sovereignty &amp; say in the world. Being in the EU fixed territorial disputes such as NI &amp; Gibraltar. Once again the Brexiters failed to have an alternative plan, other than "everyone else should be generous to us" but they "all knew what they were voting for".
Hilarious! "For just one day I was SolvedyMacSolvedFace the border so I was!"
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Stop talking shit. You've sold out Brexit voters. You've sold out NI. You've sold out Gibraltar. You've sold out fishermen. Then you have the audacity to outright lie about it. Your time as PM is up.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
May is the government, so far she has been unchallenged, that will continue. She knows that. With twats like Hammond &amp; gawke, Brexit is fucked
#Brexit deal will leave #UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader
Call me crazy, but wouldn’t shared sovereignty with Spain be quite sensible? Obviously it’s the opposite of the “Empire 2.0” nonsense promised by Brexiters, but that’s surely a good thing.
needs to gain some courage, the people of the rock could teach her a great deal
Here it is Simon - read and weep - your party brought this on us.
Brexit.
#Wow Check the date at the bottom. We haven't even left the #EU yet and #Germany looks more attractive. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
No because a No- Deal Brexit is not on the agenda, unfortunately. When I voted leave I did so becasue I wanted to leave. I do understand it is very difficult for you to comprehend even the very simple.
Says the same Duncan who begged Vote Leave for a Board position with it in early 2016, but then became a Remainer when rejected. Who damned the Brexit vote as "the working classes throwing a tantrum about immigration" About as believable as a £9 note.
Ha! Post Brexit no-one knows! (But that's an interesting point Katy. BTW, nicely done on the airwaves today)
I find it surprising that they sound surprised.
#Breaking #ValueInvesting #GBP #Boris Warns #Brexit Plan Akin to #Titanic Heading Toward Doom via
Until the end of the transition period Brits can still utilise FOM so it is around for a while yet. As for the future, then that is not an option for the next generation, that is the price of the Brexit vote. Called democracy in action,
Brexit latest: Theresa May says UK's position on Gibraltar 'has not changed'
Think this is the second most likes I've ever had after a tweet I posted about Brexit
Crikey!
Oh yeah, I forgot this part... "While there might be some circumstantial reasons for Russian leadership to welcome a Brexit over the short term, neither Putin nor other high ranking Russian officials have ever said anything on this subject"
We certainly won’t be selling them much in the way of manufactured goods. As the Brexiters favourite economist, Patrick Minford, points out, Brexit will wipe out British manufacturing.
D E M O C R A C Y!!! I have my basement fully packed with tinned beans and . I have also bought as gas mask. Don't you dare stop BREXIT now!!
Neegan would have loved to negotiate with Theresa May. #walkingdead #brexit
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit #usedcar #japan
It’s complete bollox - Brexit-Quitlings, including Corbyn and Abbott, are in denial, alas.
Love this. Italy has learned well from the EU. Blackmail and you get what you want. BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Italy may destroy EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row
Brexit
Nonsense Brexit is going to bring this country down ! An EU army may never happen especially if we stay in and have a Veto! Even if they did it would be to protect us and our neighbours!
clearly they are not ignored because Labour is on the fence. If ignored it would be pro-brexit.
No Brexit deal will achieve "full control over it's money, borders and laws" and Boris knows that. The only way to get that is to have no deal, and then you'd get an economic catastrophe of epic proportions.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit looks to me like the UK should boycott #Spain for spinning lies and trying to set off a propaganda war in the UK is the Spanish PM just a liar
Think they were growing in popularity and chanced it..I was into them from the off and took a few years before they got any attention..I last watched them open Glastonbury the morning after the Brexit vote.. One of the band insulted 52% of the population
Sleep well. There are 10 legal actions against Brexit going through the courts. I view the law as a parallel reality which most people are unaware of until something important happens to them.
This Brexit thing is confusing. Boris shows up at DUP conference and media says DUP like him as he is in favour of harder Brexit. DUP has most seats in NI Assembly, seen to speak for NI by much of media and props up Tory Government under May. But - NI voted 56% to Remain.
Brexit! What’s that? Sounds like some crazy made up thing.! The things of nightmares..!!
Just noticed signwriting on hull of Hollandica "Connecting Europe for a sustainable future " Was this done pre-Brexit? #Harwich
Brexit is and never will be the will of the people if not everyone can vote(DICTATORSHIP!) and whats your argument then about the 3,5 million EU citizens denied a vote?
The only reason I can think of is that Christopher Chope is a pervert.
you areaone one of UK agent.why you are in president position. Quite from the position. If brexit successful, then EU will be broken down. And you will proof that Europe under UK. .
True
took a £5 million backhander from the company that was supposed to build the garden bridge.Which did not go ahead. He owes them that money back or a bridge. Rumours are there is a mafia connection and #borisjohnson is literally shitting bricks #Brexit #Retwwet
How about doing the right thing for the whole UK family and stopping #Brexit?!
Johnson: May's Brexit deal is 'historic mistake'
This is ridiculous. Brexit is a right wing project which will hit ordinary people hardest, it doesn't have a progressive version.
Did May get these jackets in every colour? So unflattering with the hunchback look.
The EU has done fully detailed studies into their agrifood sector impact of brexit, and decided they'll be absolutely fine and dandy Most of our farmers are panicking.
Norway option at last ??
It’s actually making me weep because our world has become such a horrifying place with Trump and Brexit. If only he hadn’t been killed. His views were brilliant. #Peace # Let the world live as one
And we are paying them for the privilege - a decision of contempt for British sovereignty and territory.
Serious question: do you folks get a separate passport? My understanding was that at least one part of the Emerald Isle was pissed about Brexit and wanting to possibly split and remain. It doesn’t involve Kardashians or JK Rowling so US news coverage spotty.
Where’s Sinn Fein and the SNP who also matter wrt BREXIT ?
I'm sure the last time I Checked, Tommy Robinson was just a younger version of Farage..... Farage, let's be honest, you might be publicly condoning UKIPs choices but we all know your applauding them in Private.... Sir
We used the Settled Status app to register around 20 people last week. Initial verdict - good design, but scanning itself is glitchy. UK app seeks to cure pain of notorious Brexit residency form via
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
She's a traitor. The Tory party are traitors for keeping her there. They will be finished if we don't get a proper Brexit.
I’ve heard a lot of Tories down the years laugh at left-wingers for saying Socialism would work brilliantly if only it was done properly. #Brexit
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat. Giving Gibraltar away in every way almost, depends on the rest of the talks, not much hope to stay British.
"Nobody voted for a Brexit that will see Britain giving away control" - Part 2 You just said this. It's correct. So you accept this isn't what Leave voters voted for? So how do you make the "false choice" that it's this deal or remain when a true Brexit deal hasn't been created?
“The foundations of Michel Barnier’s mandate as the European Union’s chief negotiator... were laid at an EU summit held less than a week after the referendum.” Again: the EU had a plan for #brexit even before the referendum, while the UK still does not.
one of the best presenters and sky has a great news team along with channel 4 ,probeing questions and independant,makes the bbc news and politics output look amateursish nowdays has a front for the government and brexit propganda,no probeing farage,banks etc.
"Under the deal, EU27 leaders will adopt a statement tomorrow making clear that Spain will have a veto over any future EU-UK agreement concerning Gibraltar." Anyone who has read Spanish history can be sure that Britain has a major problem heading its way. Another Tory blunder.
Ah so Brexit is why arsenal are rubbish
It’s obvious that end game is beginning. I know Louise is pro-Brexit (she’s wrong) but it’s disintegrating before our eyes.
Boris Johnson speech: Britain on verge of 'historic mistake' if it accepts current Brexit deal says former foreign secretary.
They should be ashamed of Today - not over Brexit, but some of the other unadulterated shite they've been broadcasting - wittering on about London Fashion Week or International Women's Day has led to me switching over to LBC.
"May's administration has been defined by a relentless attempt to conceal the reality of Brexit from public and parliament, so she can survive another day, another week, another month. It is such a shabby, tawdry spectacle."
Are you ready OK with this ?
Boris Johnson calls for border backstop to be ‘junked’ Boris Johnson has called for the Irish border backstop to be “junked” as he warned that the draft Brexit deal was in danger...
I remember, and she was right.
Brexit goes on &amp; on. And who cares? As truth emerges as to what Brexit will cost UK, let's have another referendum now we know truth. Or even have an election!
Sad but true This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
Just another day in the British Empire. #uk #eu #snp #brexit #Indyref #DissolveTheUnion #scotland #independence #IndyRef2 #leavemeansleave
In all serious. If this is the Brexit we are getting. I don't want it, I'd rather remain but I will never forgive the EU, will vote against it every time, will boycott what I can &amp; vote against the main parties and do everything to thwart what is now a dictatorship #brexit
#BrexitBetrayal More Eddie than Geoffrey #brexit #brexitshambles
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
And that is the Government’s policy for FE in a short statement. And they are making it work BREXIT is hiding a lot of Tory skullduggery! Sign the petition. Get a debate in parliament
Yuppie!
Oh fantastic! sells out the Gibraltiarians for #Brexit ! Well done #Gibraltar
Ah the idea that the Irish owe Britain anything.
++++ BOOM! Sunday Telegraph says Cabinet ministers plot secret Brexit Plan B based on EEA. Leaked document shows Treasury is modelling it. #NorwaythenCanada #NorwayforNow
Let's talk about Spain's enclaves in Morocco then. Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Ping
D E M O C R A C Y!!! I have my basement fully packed with tinned beans and tinned tuna. I have also bought as gas mask. Don't you dare stop BREXIT now!!
No she hasn't she will.never get it passed and remember on Tuesday Brexit may be judged illegal as Scotland didn't sign articale 50 she will be gone and Corbyn in by Christmas Gibraltar is a strategic assett our navies gateway to the Med.
Mind boggling
No change there then!
So true Gary? Leave with No deal is the only option for a free UK. Who funds you by the way?
Boris Johnson tempts DUP with poison bait over backstop 24/11/18 16:02 | Rory Carroll / || Grn
David Scullion: John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s Brexit “betrayal”
It would truly be the best christmas present ever if this happened
I think this beautifully sums up #Brexit
Yes it’s absolute madness !
#BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of #EU summit as #DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May DUP leader Arlene Foster has announced her party will not back...
Yes, the people of Gib saw that Brexit would be bad for them. They were right.
The latest The #StopBrexit Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
There is lots of work in computational game theory on algorithms for coalition formation. Precious little, though, on break up of coalitions. #Brexit
Well done for persisting. May triggered A50 after blocking probe into alleged illegal funding of Ref. Brexit should be void according to the law. May is singlehandedly forcing UK to Brexit on basis of fraud. Why?
May is trying to get a Fred Astaire &amp; Ginger Rogers Brexit (Let’s Call the Whole Thing Off). We say Brexit, she says Backstop We say Leave, she says Linger Brexit, Backstop, Leave, Linger Let’s Call the Whole Thing Off And like the film, she’s also skating - albeit on thin ice
What policy is Dom going to debate on, the bad surrender deal he was partly responsible for or a new Brexit approach he's discovered since resigning? This boy has only recently found out the UK is an island. I think Dumb Dom needs to debate with himself first.
As pointed out from the start, we didn't have to do Brexit this way. We could have done it slowly and sensibly, by treaty. The fact that we didn't says everything about the opportunism, arrogance, and ignorance that has driven the whole sorry project.
The Rock being Gibraltar.
Also, my attitude to brexit is mostly just abject despair, and to the hope it will somehow result in the people who started it suffering just as much as the rest of us will
Are they talking of giving EU boats access to our waters or is it U boats?
this too
you beauty!
That chart masks the fact that we have a two-tier EU or even three-tier. The foundation of the EU is built on the fantasy of ‘convergence’ and all the financial crash and Brexit have done is to make EU leaders more fanatical about a level of integration that’ll never be achieved.
When the British began to get into India around 1700, the Mughal empire accounted for a quarter of the world’s economy. “By the time we were forced to leave, India was punching at just over 3%. The UK taking back control of the UK may turn out to be a similar success story”
Kindly reminder..
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Never seem to be there when it counts.......
Tomorrow's front page ... Independence momentum grows amid Brexit chaos.
2 years is a good deal. Some of the Brexiteers advocated life in prison for us
I imagine this what the country will be like within a week of Brexit.
Give 'em an inch
It's not plot .. it's the facts. Just accept it. Third of Brexit voters believe Muslim immigration is part of a secret plot to Islamicise Britain, study suggests
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
8,000,002 in our list of people who were in no way even slightly responsible for Brexit but are getting blamed for it
It really is getting R I D I C U L O U S we simply habe to grit our teeth, walk away and get on with it. The EU need us just as much as we them, only flimsy, fragile May and pathetic Hammond are too scared to negotiate...FFS!
F##k Spain no deal is the obvious step forward, maybe Spain should concentrate on its high levels of unemployment
Now this is spot on the money. Downing Street playing a high risk game trying to judge how far Mueller will probe into the dark money and networks behind Brexit. It will be catastrophic for them if Mueller calls out misbehaviour close to home that 10DS let go.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
What are you taking ? Architects 0f Brexit' ffs Everybody was given a choice, in or out just because it didn't go your way, you don't like, well bad fucking luck..
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
That’s a load of nonsense, people who voted for #Brexit still want to leave the #EU. However they have changed their views on something else or should I say someone else, yes it’s #TeresaMay the deceiver. I think that all Brexit voters want her to resign immediately.
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
Lies...More lies...Yet, more lies.... Who do these obnoxious fools think they are, treating us, with absolutely contempt and deception. We, do NOT back this deal and never will. So, please start acting your age, get rid of that awful woman, who is spineless. #WeWantOut
'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to EU
What you need to know about the crucial EU Brexit summit ::Al Jazeera
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll
Opinion: Brexiteers against Brexit threaten Theresa May’s plan
Those who forget our history are liable to make the same catastrophic mistakes again #Brexit #BrexitChaos #Brumawards18 #paradisecircus
Do not worry Anne because the British public are not having it.
All these #Brexit games from #TheresaMay, flying over to Brussels....great, you might get the support of EU nations because they're sick to death of all this and just want to sign off, but when you get back to the house of commons...well, we know how the vote will go.
News just in: Sweet dreams, certainly for me, "As all I want for Christmas, is...."
Come on, Stephen - at least represent your constituency, if not your party.
Sou we like Brexit
Theresa May was a Remainer. We trusted her to give us Brexit but she failed. That is the difference between May and Foster. One keeps her word the other betrays it
The Government has let ALL of us down, her words NEVER match her actions, no one believes her anymore. TM has totally humiliated our country &amp; it's people.
"What we have now, but the Conservatives can fuck with your human rights. Oh, and fishing and farming are fucked. And your holidays will cost more and take longer to get thru passport control. And less doctors and students."
Blame non-Brexiters all you like but the fundamental problem is that Brexit cannot be made to work in a way that does not damage and weaken the U.K.
If I read like, Brexit Causes Jacob Rees Mogg's Mansion To Be Eaten By A Sinkhole I'll just be roaring with laughter
I used to admire and respect :(
Not much but we are coming down from Yorkshire for Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday #stopBrexit #BrexitISaCRIME
The time is now, do we really have to wait for the deal to be voted down? Or worse still, passed? #MayMustGoNow #maymustgo #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Despite #Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda
Despite #Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda
Belgium: Juncker greets Theresa May in Brussels ahead of crucial Brexit talks Subscribe to our channel! United Kingdom Prime Minister Theresa May arrived in Brussels on Saturday evening, ahead of Sunday's summit on Br...
What - on ‘May’s Brexit’? When? Did I miss it?
So when did he last mention Ukip in support? Vote Ukip. Join Ukip. We Need Ukip Absolutely anything? Or may be RT a Ukip MEP even? Retweets Trump a pkenty, so surely a Ukip MEP. Go ahead.
It's very upsetting. Live animals should not be transported abroad at all.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News
Was that snark? Hard to tell, but for something as big a deal as Brexit, and as likely manipulated and based on deceit, yes people should be able to vote again.
The financial crash followed by anti-public service Tories happened. There's no more money and what there is is being squandered on Brexit. Things can only get worse.
I knew I didn't like the EU before the referendum but now I am left in no doubt how far my hatred for this organisation goes - I cannot for the life of me understand what is so appealing to #Remainiacs It is a vile, corrupt, Mafioso club and I WILL NEVER ACCEPT BEING A PART OF IT
I was on the BBC World Service talking about Carlos Ghosn, Brexit, and scooter apps in Paris. [Starts at 14.27]
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s #Brexit “betrayal”
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s #Brexit “betrayal”
Falkland Islands? OK, for starters Argentina is not in the EU. Secondly nothing at all has changed regards Gibraltar and the first minister of Gibraltar has confirmed that. And retweeted this rubbish What has happened to our Politicians
so many reasons brexit is wrong - apart from the main fact the ref was based, on lies. Unforgiveable to let this continue.
Agree, need to start by doing away with the broken pendulum politics of red vs blue extremes, with the moderates not getting any say due to lack of PR. New centrist parties springing up too as people want change. Brexit shouldn’t be the result though, #PeoplesVote
Ich mag das -Video: Brexit: A Titanic Disaster | Comedy Central
Brexit - what a disaster. Morons....
The Gibraltar sellout! You just need to add it to a very long list that May drags around with her. May's list of Treachery on Brexit is longer than Jacob Marley's Chains &amp; she will drag it around with her for the rest of her political life.
Yeah but we still have our national pride, which will carry us through Brexit, including US and Chinese global powers, cos we’re the UK, c’mon, we’re still in charge of the world!!!! Idiots
'Brexit must be declared void and the notification of Article 50 quashed, because “various criminal offences may have been committed”.' Let's hope McGaughey's analysis is correct and the judiciary can reign in May's caustic dictatorship.
Examples of outcomes of the “referendum” tool used in democracies, how it’s triggered and when is crucial, the UK #brexit referendum was fictional, article 50 triggered in a rush without cabinet agreeing on a withdrawal plan, do people have a say to a mishandled project ?
Even after Brexit the job will not be finished, or any of Europe safe from the EU, until the whole rotten empire is totally demolished.
The Brexit dream was that the UK would set its own laws without any foreign influence. But all countries trade most with their closest neighbours. The main barrier to trade is different regulations. So even if we weren't officially bound by EU law we'd end up following it anyway.
#brexit isn't 8n the national interests #PeoplesVote
DUP stick with the devil they know, for now: BELFAST — Northern Ireland’s Democratic Unionist… #Brexit #Politico
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Bros...hahaha...stay a few more years na...so that you can qualify for our RED...Long Loyalty Award. And with Brexit you need to check if your Years of Fanship is Transferable...
You weren’t tired? I should drink more red wine...maybe then if sleep through the night. Did you go ahead with your threat to stay off it til Christmas? Will there still be EI Directives even if/when there is Brexit?
There once was a lady from Riga
A totally wasted couple of years, just to say, 'OK. We take your deal'
This from is a brilliant and brutal analysis of May's deal:
latest news is is claiming he's colour blind... #brexitdeal #fishing
Is the PM is about to sell out the Uk to Europe in a Black Friday style sale event, no wonder the EU is in agreement.#brexit
What - on ‘May’s Brexit’? When? Did I miss it?
We need to stay in rather than commit suicide, and you and your colleagues need to make it happen, then. *Even* if you never get re-elected, because if we brexit like this you’re finished as a party anyway.
My reaction to this—I can't imagine the court declaring Brexit void—might be an example of how my American-lawyer instincts continues to dominate my newer English-lawyer status.
Thousands are joining this massive open letter to MPs to give the people a final say on #Brexit -- add your name!
Opinion: Brexiteers against Brexit threaten Theresa May’s plan
What’s next for Brexit – CNN Video
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship – CNN Video
Enough?
I think of anyone is playing the long game it’s Starmer not Corbyn.
on #Newsnight that the #Brexit Deal negotiated by TM was fulfilling the Referendum mandate A #PeoplesVote would be more conclusive in that it would be an informed vote. If there was a majority for #Leave then so be it
In Britain’s boardrooms, Brexit is already here. And the warning is stark
And why should Ireland help England? What has England ever done to help Ireland? Hmmm? It's the same "why aren't you helping us?" mindset being used on what used to be colonies but who are now independent. I say England, because overall this is an English Brexit.
Leave on WTO in March, make them come to us with a deal we can accept. That way we can start negotiations on trade deals now to sign in April. Certainty for business. Brexit done
BANG BANG BANG You’re dead.
Thinking about a no-brexit? It’s not possible, you decided to leave, no way back in. The #Maydeal is as good as it gets, it leaves UK and EU linked. But wake up: we’re neighbours, we had to be partners anyway. Or even better : friends. #brexit
The British people and Parliament aren’t. And they won’t forget any MP that does. #BREXIT Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
So the Good Friday Agreement isn't the only reason Brexit can only mean a loss of sovereignty. The rule about trading most with your geographic neighbours is so fundamental to economics they call it the "gravity rule".
This is so sad - I want people to know I am the victim of religous Hate - I do not blame anyone in Glasgow for what is happening. There is an underground movement covertly inciting both Cath's, Prot's &amp; Muslims - they want DIVIDE &amp; CONQUER - The same org' has rigged Brexit
"What if that's not enough?" "No worries, as long as Putin's tool Seamus Milne is advising Corbyn, he'll make sure he keeps spreading useful Far Right disinfo "not to lose voters to them" -lol-, ignores his members' will and focuses on everything but Brexit until it's too late."
Gibraltar sold down the river, I wonder if the Falklands will be next on May’s list. Nothing would surprise me from this abject, craven Government. If it was clear in 2016 that Brexit would be this debasing, this diminishing to our prestige, would we still have voted for it?
As relevant now as it was when first released.
She has no shame at all in lying, a vicars daughter to whom lying is not second nature, it’s her first nature. Begone #MayMustGo
Not a chance. Duplicitous sell out of our legal system, our sovereign rights, our fishing waters, Gibraltar, Northern Ireland, and our border controls. Now the veiled threats of no Brexit and signing UN treaty. You are a spineless traitor and I will never vote Cons ever again.
EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
I'm pretty sure you'd be fucked under any brexit plan
If you’re a Referee in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
May's EU sellout continues #noDeal #hardbrexit #bbcnews #marr #bbcsp #bbcsml #r4today #victoriaLive #bbcqt #bbcpapers #newsbeat #bbc3 #r5live #BBCPolitics #theworldtonight #bbcworld #bbcusa #brexit #bbcfakenews #grouch
Volatile UK politics could bin Brexit deal, worries EU-let’s hope so!
Trump turned USA into a joke in the eyes of the world. Brexit did the same for UK.
Come on. Reducing the incredibly complex private sector effort to undermine the NHS to ‘Brexit’ is inanely simplistic. Speaking as a remainder, very pro-NHS, lived in US for many years.
#TREASON!!! #PrimeMinister of name #TheresaMay will #BETRAY ANY #UK #asset to get her way NOT TO BE TRUSTED SO-CALLED #PrimeMinister sells out #Gibraltar after Spain's '#veto' threat TIME FOR #GeneralElectionNow #MargaretThatcher turning in grave
Great News!....
I wonder what and the #MontyPython team would make of #Brexit if they were currently writing. Mr. CLEESE ?
Well, she is useful at filling her pockets and her friend's too. Stealing from the poor, weak, vulnerable and hardworking people. So I disagree, she is good for some things!!!
Brexit - French Coast Guard Worried About Rising Number Migrants Arrests In English Channel #news
Except it didn't. Hence the illegality that subverted the 2016 advisory poll and the High Court finding the EC itself acted improperly. Throw in CA/AIQ and laundered foreign money and you'll understand why the idea there's any democratic mandate for Brexit is preposterous.
WHOAHH... HELL yeah. Dear Santa, please...
How can you believe a woman who has missed every opportunity to tell the truth about Brexit &amp; who insults our neighbours friends &amp; colleagues from EU by calling them queue jumpers!
Anything better than surrendering the UK to a corrupt EU, why would May even consider trying to sell this treacherous agreement to the 17.4 million #brexit voters? Remainers now see the stupidity of it, has to be stopped or the disturbances in Paris will look like a party here!
Top shagger. Can down a carling in under 2.5 seconds. Neighbourhood menace. Hard bloke. Brexit fella. All patriots give him a follow
Buy here the Brexit Plan B to get us out of the jam
“You are here”, i.e., nowhere near the end (all of which are awful except 2nd referendum leading to Remain)
I like the sound of "Slobbering Brexit faciltators". Anybody do better in 3 words, no swear words allowed ?
#brexit isn't in the national interests #PeoplesVote
Daniel Hannan says we're being shafted by the EU and implies he hopes Remainers will overturn the referendum.
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
She is a liar and has betrayed everyone that voted Brexit. Now she thinks she can fool the public.
Just pointing out how self-ball-kickingly injurious the Brexit position is to itself.
Such a defender of Brexit, you can’t even spell ‘betrayal’, you fucking clown.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Foolish foolish May. All she needed to do was do nothing at all. And she blew it. #Gibraltar #Brexit
If you don't believe that the BBC coverage of Brexit is biased, contrast tonight's headlines between the BBC and the Guardian.
It’s almost as if Brexit was dreamt up in an EU parlour bar to strip away the last remnants of the British empire, find a way to ditch Northern Ireland, and hand your sovereignty to Germany. And all without a single drop of bloodshed. #BrexitAdNauseum no one can take anymore.
Harry McGee thinks the 4g network in Ballinskelligs is good enough for two elderly bachelors living up the end of a boreen to use Tinder. starts 36:40
“For many (EU countries), #Brexit very quickly became a second-tier, even a third-tier, issue. We’ve put in a lot of hard work, really a lot, to ensure a smooth transition, no matter what the Brexit outcome is. We’re prepared.”
Bet the residents of Gibraltar are feeling really happy tonight, not! Brexit should be renamed #fuckup
The DUP is in as much trouble as Theresa May. They’ll stick together | Alex Kane
Could you show me what's on the ballot for a Peoples Vote, Mike?
Brexit
Britain gives Spain assurances on Gibraltar to unlock Brexit deal -
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
No Andy just you. You have no clue what your Brexit deal even is do you
But the EU is perfect - these ungrateful bastards must have caught some scepticism disease from a brexiteer - it's the only explanation
A very good article in current Economist, touching on many points.
Lets hope so. The only good thing to come out of Brexit is fewer livestock farmers!
Spain Reaches Deal On Gibraltar, Brexit Summit To Go Ahead: Here's What Happens Next
For those that insist on thinking 'we will manage' this makes very sobering reading including: "in a pure no deal,” says Alex Harrison of Hogan Lovells, a law firm, “the strict legal position is that there would be no legal basis for electricity to flow.”
Stop blaming Remainers for the Brexit fiasco. It’s up to a Brexiteers to make a good fist of it. Tell me - where are all the prominent #VoteLeave politicians? I’ll tell you where - sniping from the sidelines like the cowards they are.
The anti-brexit People's Vote campaign is a red rag to many otherwise sensible Leavers. A great way to lose a referendum. Labour's reasoned, moderate approach can attract swing voters in a new public vote and win a Remain majority.
This nationalistic twat for some reason thinks that 1: I'm German 2: that it's somehow an insult 3: that makes me some kind of "foreign agent" 4: he's the only one clever enough to figure it out.
#Reuters- #Spain has reached a #deal with the #EuropeanUnion on #Gibraltar, clearing the way for an EU summit on Sunday to approve a #Brexit deal with British Prime Minister Theresa May.
If nothing else Brexit is certainly instructive in exposing the decrepitude of the British ruling class.
How..? What is the #Parliamentary mechanism... And votes... #Brexit &amp; #EEA
This attitude is precisely the reason why the ERG’s vision of Brexit has come unstuck. No interest in understanding the GFA, particularly from a Nationalist perspective &amp; an assumption that Ireland would just fall into line to Brexiters demands. Big, big miscalculation!
Republican cabinet secretaries ought to be scrutinized by Democratic 'shadow cabinet' watchdogs: While watching Brexit unfold in the past couple of weeks, I thought once again for the zillionth time how much… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
tony blair from behind the scenes has secretly undermined conservatives and labour to for a centrist party so do not vote for any centrist party its a tony blair project like his common criminal purpose
Brexit has never been negotiated as any half decent journalist knows, Adam Boulton
Just mental &gt;Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
under the guise of #Brexit, these sly sorry excuse for human beings, approved a move to double the #healthsurcharge of Non-EU workers. Targeting hardworking individuals. No wonder austerity is over. They have found the #MoneyMagicTree. #bbc #itvnews #channel4news #skynews
This will make me very drunk if its true
They can't. The referendum was based on a brexit that didn't exist.
UK Habitat, that name will have to change after Brexit! #DWBar
We were promised a return to the Garden of Eden after #Brexit, but now we are facing Purgatory because now the only other option is a no deal Hell, apparently. Expect the threat of locusts and boils soon. It's Project #10Plagues
I do as remainers are in control and remainers are negotiating brexit (see my earlier tweet). And I (and 17.4m others) disagree with your analysis. E.g. EU imposes 13000 external tariffs to make non-EU goods/services more expensive (to protect higher cost/inefficient EU firms).
I think it is unlikely that the High Court will declare the vote to be void. But an interesting challenge nevertheless.
We won’t have many manufactured goods to sell them anyway. As the Brexiters’ favourite economist, Patrick Minford, explains Brexit will wipe out our manufacturing!
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll
Poor Irish guy tries to explain why Brexit may not quite be such a good idea
MAKE BREXIT GREAT AGAIN
GOD BLESS YOU PRIME MINISTER MAY* I TRULY BELIEVE YOUR HEART IS IN THE RIGHT PLACE. SWEET HOSANNA TO OUR LORD WHO STRNGTHENS US. AND COMFIRTS ALL WHO CALL ON HIS HOLY NAME*
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not.. #brexit
Can’t take much more of Brexit! When’s it going to end?
For T May immigration and creating a hostile environment is the only real aim of Brexit. Appealing to the racists amongst us. A shallow, shameful PM.
Mads , ready for this , I don't like the man , but Brexit will not be stopped by this .
She’s a bloody joke !! “ please love me “ and vote for the EU Deal that will district the UK, but hey I am secure have made my money, and Brussels have said they will look after me !!
Well I can tell you I`m pretty mad I won`t be able to take Sticky the stick insect on holiday to Gibralter with me next June. #Brexit
'That's a DREAM!' Tim Martin ridicules Pimlico Plumbers boss over second Brexit vote
You could always demand an English Independence Referendum at the next By-Election, and from your MP... that instantly delivers a HARD Brexit... kinda think that's needed now...
Remainiacs in charge of Brexit, what could possibly go wrong....
To be fair they were never able to equal the achievements of this guy
Donald Tusk has been so statesmanlike, so gentlemanly, so courteous and kind, throughout Brexit. I still retain a (meagre) hope Britain doesn't leave. I want love to prosper. I want free movement. I want education and culture and a common cause for Enlightenment values to prevail
Brexit is a battle of ideas on who has the best ideas to knock out the opponent. Please read an article titled Ideas on the link below. Search for it on the top right hand corner of the search panel. Very relevant to our current status quo
Should we worry about all this news about the EU voting to approve Brexit? Does it still face the same uphill battle in Parliament that it did just a week ago?
, PM keeps saying #Brexit is not about her, therefore she can withdraw A50 call a GE let's see who/what public now want to do.
FOX NEWS: Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
I think the blame lies with remainers pretending to deliver brexit.
I doubt so John. The citizens of N Ireland will always be EU citizens even after Brexit.
Brexiteers against brexit???
hey you're english, you can stay after brexit then
May heads to Brussels as Spain threatens Brexit summit
There are many people to blame for the catastrophe that is Brexit, but Mr Johnson is right at the top of my list. I'm sorry for his personal difficulty but I'll never, ever forgive him for sacrificing his country's well-being on the altar of his colossal ego.
has been so statesmanlike, so gentlemanly, so courteous and kind, throughout Brexit. I still retain a (meagre) hope Britain doesn't leave. I want love to prosper. I want free movement. I want education and culture and a common cause for Enlightenment values to prevail
Brexit was the tory party's dying gift to the countries that once formed the UK, so do stop grizzling, dear people.
My top tip Declare the misuse of voter data and retire on Philips billions.Let the investigation of russian hybrid war begin
Wowzers. There’s an opening line! #Brexit
And your government has been honest? She's rubbished red lines and gone against the electorate, you are what the brexit vote was against, self serving twat, your biggest worry is do I have to take the tube today. Enjoy your decline.
“UK jumped into the ocean blindfold, and started paddling round in circles. It was almost like it expected the EU not just to say what Brexit should look like, but to devise a version of it that would suit Britain”.
Mrs May’s Union Ambassador a bit of a drop from Foreign Secretary.
You wanted Brexit - you're getting it! What are you moaning about? There's no pleasing some people. PS. Got that Irish passport yet? Ho ho ho!!!!!
Brexit will hit women hardest — let us have a say on the deal
“And German business, with its formidable car industry, was never going to push Merkel for a soft deal for Britain, as Brexiters fondly imagined, Speck added... Germany’s national interests lie with the EU.” #brexit
#Brexit has only gone and so completely fcuked up #UK politics that I have actually liked a post by #GeorgeGalloway
UK wine retailer to stockpile up to $10 million in extra bottles ahead of Brexit
Why not simply allow #PeoplesVote - #SecondReferendum &amp; #Remain; this inending obtuse #musical-chairs #Brexit #fiasco is simply marking out the #UK as a #nation with it's head too far way up in the clouds!
No wonder, I voted to leave, this isn’t leaving. This is remaining on lesser terms
Funny how remain politicians Blair Major and Theresa May mentioned a hard border being likely to be an outcome of brexit on the 8th 9th and 21st of June 2016 respectively. For those with an understanding of their own countries history it's always been important But facts eh?
I'm not sure I understand how invalidating an advisory referendum in and of itself has any bearing on the legality of brexit.
Read Article50, ffs. The EU can accept what they want. That' why Brexit is an utterly stupid idea.
If they get redo, can we? Think again? Calls mount for British to vote again on Brexit.
N. Ireland party leader rejects Brexit deal
Because everyone else vacated the field, particularly the Brexit era, don't you remember?
Having spoken to every single Brexit voter? Just shows what a sham of democracy it is. People just making shit up. 'I think this, so everyone must think like me'. Shameful. #Brexit
The silence from Vote No Borders on the Irish border question is almost deafening , not because of any links to brexit #darkmoney by any chance ?
For those who need this
If EEA (with no free movement changes) is the plan for Brexit, it doesn’t take a genius to ask “why are doing this, even?”
BREXIT WILL NOT BE STOPPED!!
Join the revolution. Stop Brexit. Another step away from world peace.
They have not cancelled a democratic vote.They did not explain their version of Brexit...they will deliver their version wether we like it or not..that’s a fact.
The European Union removed the last major obstacle to sealing an agreement on Brexit after Spain said it had reac...
I feel the same revulsion for BJ and have done so since long before the Brexit farrago. That said, I still can't help feeling that we're being played, and that Johnson and the whole rotten ensemble, have been put together to create a false narrative. To what end though?
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
Let’s just hope she doesn’t do “the rusty twist” again.
The discovery that there was no plan was a shock. “The UK jumped into the ocean blindfold, and started paddling round in circles. As if it expected the EU not just to say what Brexit should look like, but to devise a version of it that would suit Britain.”
And the absurdity is that with the tailing off of pent up demand to migrate and faster economic growth in Eastern Europe, the migration surge from Eastern Europe is naturally ending. So there is isn't even a bogus reason left for #Brexit. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Don’t shout at your MPs just ask the Spanish Premier to retract his statement. One moment he says I will veto Brexit, next he’s all for it. A deal has been done, the lies are all coming from the Tory remainers, Sir Alan.
Abandon NI now Gibraltar. Mark my words if May loses the Brexit vote she won't have the decency to walk, the Tories had their chance to ditch her. She will betray anyone to keep her job even her own country. Traitorous behaviour
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
If the deal is passed in #Westminster or if not it is time for #indyref2 as yet again #Scotland is ignored, even by its own #tory and #alabour MPs #DissolveTheUnion BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
If anyone is looking for #Gibraltar it's been chucked under a big red bus..... #Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #BrexitShambles
Yeah, the EU does a roaring trade with Russia. #Brexit
In itself the statement is a lie. get on with brexit is the new hackneyed bit of nonsense too
Can people moving during transition stay after Brexit? I don't think so.
has been so statesmanlike, so gentlemanly, so courteous and kind, throughout Brexit. I still retain a (meagre) hope Britain doesn't leave. I want love to prosper. I want free movement. I want education and culture and a common cause for Enlightenment values to prevail
We saw in former #Yugoslavia in 1991/1992 what happens when #European countries bring extraneous concerns as motivation into other issues. Do we remember #Genscher in #Croatia? Sovereignty of #Gibraltar is not a Brexit issue and should be addressed separately.
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
Why? Because you're are afraid of not getting a seat at the table if she is ousted?
Meaning that after all the enticements and threats have been made, that number will be whittled down to a handful, if we're lucky. This is the Conservative Party after all. Party before country, always. #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit #Conservatives
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not via
Is this numpty serious. I suppose he thought Black and Tans were just over in Ireland to give care packages #fud
4-4-2. Brexit play. Peter Crouch and Andy Carroll leading the line. Joe Hart in net with Shawcross and Cahill being my defenders.
Your attempt to link a £900 loss for people to Brexit.
Micheal . Textbook. will be written on whether the civil service DELIBERATELY or Incompetently crashed Brexit.
It seems our PM is willing to throw anyone under a bus to get her busted Brexit deal over the line. We are willing to sacrifice everything our Union has historically stood for &amp; for what?
British woman living in France complains about immigrants without a sense of irony
Manchester United last on #MOTD I'll blame that on Brexit too
I’m sick of these silly remainers, wanting to allow people to come from other countries in order to better themselves and enrich the country. How dare they! I much prefer a good old bowl of tepid, uniform Britishness!! To celebrate Brexit, I had some Union flag bunting for tea!
Ann Widdecombe on Brexit: 'We don't need concessions from the EU - just get on with it!"
Some divorce process is hard oh. See Brexit for example? I no do again na by force? The question is how do these leaders sign documents that enslave their nation into stupid deals the citizens are unaware of?
The only political party Russia has helped in the UK apart from UKIP is the Tory party. Post the 2013 fundraiser that Cameron tried to hide the guest of is ground zero for the BBC, by then stuffed by Cameron's cronies, to go full on brexit. JC was still a backbencher in 2015.
man relied on by Brexit supporters to underpin the economic arguments for leaving the EU has said the UK would be better off staying in the club rather than accepting the prime minister’s Brexitplan.
Tories aren't very friendly to each other at the mo...
This PM Sanchez's statement...
This will intensify, Leo has signed up to mass illegal immigration for eu support during Brexit and as Brexit draws to a close they will push thousands more into this country as the Wanker leo knows he is out on GE2019
An honest Brexit supporter. Brexit was most definitely concerned with immigration. It's just that it's become trendy now for people to deny it.
A mouthpiece for the English centric, BREXIT driven, Westminster news with apalling lack of coverage of matters, relevant to UK, from Scotland, NI, and Wales!
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
‘’...........and we get on with Brexit ......sellout’’!
Spain reaches Gibraltar deal, will back Brexit text Spain's Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez has confirmed that a deal has been reached with the EU and UK over Gibraltar,...
Not anymore, true. But if the Brexit betrayal goes ahead it would be again.. that is it would have been, but I think they're messing that up.
I wrote Article 50 – and I know this government can reverse Brexit if it wants to
Mom says that after Brexit, we`ll all have to sing Rule Britannia every time we go to the post office. Is she right ?
Gosh there is a Plan B to Brexit claims Sunday Times claims a ‘Sex Scandal’ and there’s a row over Spain and Gibraltar on Sunday's national newspaper front pages via Sky News
“Stop tarnishing our turd!”
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
THIS
The paranoid fantasy behind Brexit – podcast , an episode from on Spotify
“Stop tarnishing our turd!”
#Britain provided assurances to the #EuropeanUnion on Saturday that it will not insist on interpreting the #Brexit withdrawal agreement as binding the #EU to apply a future EU-UK trade treaty to Gibraltar, soothing Spanish concerns on the issue. #MNA
I am sure that Julius Cesar may bare some responsability .. the Deal exists because 17m voters ticked a box on a promise that failed to come true, because an elected Gov negotiated a difficult Deal .. I have not voted for Brexit nor for this Gov .. so not my Deal .. over to you.
Brexit Means Exit Rally is on 9th December
Getting interesting
But does Britain hold all the aces in the brexit talks.
Asif spoons wouldn’t allow me to have a pint of gin and tonic. Brexit already having its effect on our country.
sorry who Is Iasabel? is she carved in gold?
There is no way to reconcile Brexit and winning.
You've missed out one little word - "YET"! She just keeps kicking the can down the road but unfortunately it's a one way dead end street leading towards the EU and everyone can see it. The game's up! #Brexit
Big respect to Theresa May, her party have basically dropped her and she’s still managed to come through with a brexit deal. Don’t like brexit? Don’t blame her, she didn’t start up the debate but she’s working with the outcome, give her a break.
Mom says that after Brexit, we`ll all have to sing Rule Britannia every time we go to the post office. Is she right ? #Brexit
A recipe for Brexit, she's stuck between a rock and a hard border.
We need a TV debate on May's Brexit Deal between her and Nigel Farage. Bring it on.
This could be the best Christmas present ever...for everyone in the UK "High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas"
These kids are brilliant
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
That’s the beauty of the EU for you. When you dance with the devil n all that. It would help if we didn’t have a spineless pm beholden to Brussels and negotiator who were apposed to Brexit.
May Appeals to Voters as Gibraltar Spat Drags on: Brexit Update - May Appeals to Voters as Gibraltar Spat Drags on: Brexit Update Yahoo News Brexit Summit Is Back on After Fight Over... #NewsAndInformation
They'll say that the referendum wasn't binding They'll say Parliament voted for A50 They say 80+% of electorate voted for Brexit supporting parties in 17 They can't say Brexit (any type) better than Remain
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
““Britain’s strategic error was to threaten the integrity of the single market” by suggesting that full access and frictionless trade were possible outside it, said Lequesne. “For France and Germany in particular, that’s the EU’s soul.”” #brexit
The escape from the EU prison is akin to jumping from the frying pan into the fire. As Brexit hardliners admit the deal that Mrs May has negotiated Is worse than remain in the EU. Look who is moaning now
After Brexit, Britain will neither be the fifth richest country in the world nor the fifth largest economy.
Makes Brexit look easy !!!!
Arron Banks says Brexit is exhausting and may leave politics
“On the evidence now available, it cannot be said with any degree of certainty that the result would have remained the same had the law not been broken.”
Not alone. Wales, country in UK often overlooked, population 3 million. Gibraltar population 35,000. Perspective please. The effect of Brexit on Welsh people is barely discussed. Wales once again dismissed as being unimportant.
Couldn't believe they published it + a photo with my blue hat &amp; #MarchForMe t-shirt I wore to the October march. New editor seems more balanced. Maybe new opportunity to spread personal impact of Brexit for and plus ? #BrexitIsPersonal
Whatever May states, something has been agreed, critics can say that the Spanish PM is hyping this up for his own political agenda but his statement was too detailed and forensic to be just hype!
The European Union removed the last major obstacle to sealing an agreement on Brexit after Spain said it had reached a deal Saturday with Britain over Gibraltar on the eve of an EU summit.
I happen to know is busy on the day suggested by for a #Brexit debate. And on all the other days too!
The combined hubris of these Brexiters... #nemesis #StopBrexitSaveBritain
We have gone through the looking-glass to a world in which Philip Hammond, the chancellor and leading Remainer, said this morning we would be better off outside the EU, while a new movement of Brexiteers against Brexit has sprung up to argue that we might as well stay in the EU.
Seriously, how can anyone trust this woman? #Merkel #multiculturalism #AfD #Brexit #Salvini #Lega #Orban #EU2019 #UKIP #populism #EU
Any chance of a change of mind on brexit? It is flawed but has kept the peace more or less.
According to an award winning Irish journalist Boris was perceived as a buffoon at todays DUP conference in Belfast. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop'
There are positive features of the deal itself?
Don't talk to me if: U voted brexit U like xfactor U hate work Aspiration is a swear word Your a bad winner Your a good loser U believe what goes up must come down. #Dream #life
Johnson is without doubt the biggest political chancer of our generation....a man who's only principle is his own interests.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
We voted to leave. That means hard Brexit. Nothing else. We had the people's vote. All was told clearly. Leave meant out the single market out of the customs union. Which means hard Brexit. It was the only option
Hurrah, we'll have to stockpile champagne! High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas...“various criminal offences may have been committed” I'm just surprised it took this long
Remainiacs in charge of Brexit, what could possibly go wrong....
High Court Ruling Could Declare Brexit Void As Early As Christmas
(ES) Spain govt official: Spain has the UK's commitment to include EU 27's proposal on Gibraltar as part of Brexit agreement (More at
#Gibraltar stuffed under the #Brexit bus .. let's get after the £350 million a week for the NHS then
When leave said brexit was exiting the EU, I kinda assumed that meant taking the country with us. Presumably they meant just the population. Where are they planning to move us? Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
So u r for brexit
I’m still waiting to hear one single convincing argument in favour of brexit.
Can someone tell me is this #brexit deal done and dusted ? Because if it is, I'm going to be very very angry. #TheresaMay #Gibraltar #giveaway
You know #EU holds it self up as world standard in everything &amp; all others are peasants wallowing in their medieval barbarism?! well why don't they tell all the 27 to have eurefs as UK did? surely be the best #Democratic thing to do! #brexit #DUP18
An unexpected new group, Brexiteers against Brexit, threatens Theresa May’s plan | The Independent
“If Arron Banks were to be charged and found guilty after the police investigation, he could go to prison. The man who played a big role in securing Brexit could yet help to destroy it.”
#copaLibertadores The game had been delayed until 10:30pm from 8:00pm and now word is it has been suspended What a shambles, it's almost as bad as the #Tory handling of #Brexit
True-indeed I'm not so sure they're going down so well in the USA- or GB ( Brexit)
Looks like Farage is now working for Mrs May.
For the love of God somebody stop her!!!!!!
The URL of the piece is:
Giving up on #Gibraltar? Christ we are giving it all away to the EU how weak and Lilly livered have we become? #pathetic #brexit #whatamess
The are massively complicit in this mess. Only the other month they were running a pretty focus group from the North East on the 6 news. Talking about "immigration", and fuck all about all the businesses set to pack up and leave that region for good due to Brexit.
Wonderful... but could they please consider not giving said right to ex-pats living abroad who voted for Brexit? Those c*nts deserve every bit of bad karma they have coming.
“For many, Brexit very quickly became a second-tier, even a third-tier, issue.””
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
What LP cowardice? Brexit is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the tory party, as is UKIP.
Boris talks to an isolated Island tribe, untouched by civilization for hundreds of years...
Trouble is we got that idiotic pro remain/EU spineless hypocrite for an PM,who thinks she can tell 17.4 million people that their votes and voices mean absolutely nothing. This “deal” isn’t a deal,it’s a surrender to the EU and Brussels bureaucracy. #brexit #leavemeansleave
As for being ashamed of myself, given the lack of argument you’ve presented, no, but if you had asked, Here’s nuance to this opinion. Read it and come back to me.
I predicted brexit would win the vote.i also predicted without a doubt brexit would be betrayed.i was right on both counts.
Nothing but propaganda from this shiterag of a paper.
As a result of my #Brexit preparations, I have *three* spare Lightning cables. And now I feel epic. #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
How can anyone be not sure. Get some bollox and simply say yes or no. You are the types that sit on the fence when it comes to important decisions like Brexit. You have a mind, USE IT.............
#brexit news that the #MSM just won't cover
Roll on the general election. We have been deceived by these Tory Remainer cretins and our vote to leave ignored. Never will I vote Conservative again and I live in a Tory marginal now. If no real Brexit, there is no point voting Tory.
To a point. I expected her to fry to negotiate a Brexit. She has, instead, been trying to prepare the ground for a Remain.
The DUP, the largest party in Northern Ireland, was elected to ensure NI’s position within the UK. Going behind the electorate’s back undermines democracy. The position of NI within the UK was one of Mrs May’s redlines which she has now broken.
The Trade Union Act introduced a threshold of 40% of all eligible members voting for industrial action in 'important public services' - how much more crucial was the Brexit referendum, yet this only required a simple majority of those voting.
Northern Ireland politicians may threaten May's Brexit deal
More bollocks. Bollocks to Brexit. Orderly queue please. Blue passports at the very end of the queue. In fact come back next March. We might have got it sorted by then
'Don't destroy Theresa May,' Boris Johnson told the DUP. 'Let me do it for you.'
#Politics - Frank Phipps | A Caribbean perspective after Brexit |
Why #Brexit Could Drive #DigitalTransformation Forwards for the UK Government #Govtech #Cloud via
Brexit: Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch EU summit - The Independent
Moggs done it not so many of the others
Yes, I understand fascism. I’m American. We have a budding fascist. His isolationism is wreaking havoc here &amp; internationally. You don’t have that in GB. So there R degrees to everything. Brexit may not be intentionally chaotic, but there’s a big price to it’s shortsighted ness.
May's #Brexit negotiating tactics revealed...
He’s never survive his first vote. And unless he comes out against Brexit fully, the SNP aren’t going to do a deal with him. If he promises it and afterwards backtracks, he’s done.
Mrs May has ‘downgraded’ her warnings about crashing out of the bloc with no deal and now tells her MPs there could be no Brexit at all if they reject the withdrawal agreement she has struck with Brussels.
USELESS WOMAN.....
Petition: STOP BREXIT
I can see the headlines now: Champions of law, democracy and the people!
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
REVEALED: Poll reveals the majority of Brexiteers' constituents would now vote Remain / #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Yet MORE Surrender from the Craven #Conservative #PM ! #MayMustGoNow
Everything crossed #UKEUchallenge
No deal is ok. Walk away.
She did cave. Gibraltar was not on the Brexit agenda. They are just pushing their luck because the have the handle and May has the blade
Brexit is fascism. So, is the SWP. Sad times.
Brexit news: Ann Widdecombe 'ASHAMED' of UK in EU negotiations | UK | News | I love Ann Widdecombe.
What can we expect from the Brexit summit in Brussels?
They always could, why you cannot get your head round that I do not know. They had that power the second we voted Brexit. Nothing has changed since that day. Every EU country has veto power, we lose that because we leave the EU.
If you go to war against Spain, you'd better check which countries have your back. Maybe you surprise yourself distracted with siesta stupidities and you are left alone in a World War. In War, you better confirm who is your enemy, and for sure, Siesta is not. Good luck !
Name one nation that is not part of their nearest trade bloc. Just one. #brexit
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Nobody can believe a word you say , you’ll say anything to get through to the end of the week. P.s. please can I have a knighthood if I promise to stop trolling you about Brexit on twitter?
Behind bars ... wishful thinking
Ah! Brexit means Brexit and we have to ‘believe ‘. Blue passport and unicorns! Go and find a mirror. Look in it and ask yourself “do you really believe “.
Yes it’s only news and politics that’s seriously corrupt and has clearly been infiltrated. World Service News is still ok Comedy Drama etc all good. Tho I hear someone’s banned Brexit from the Archers. Never listen so don’t know if that’s the case.
Especially as she's just shoved Gibraltar under the Brexit bus for a yet to be negotiated trade deal
#Gibraltar #Brexit what happens when those living there can't get abortion services by crossing the boarder into Spain? also why do those citizens living there have less rights?
I love Britain and seeing Great Britain harming itself by leaving the EU 1st then lossing control with this deal is painful thing to watch! From leading positions within the EU to even loosing control over a country fundamental decision I think having a 2nd vote for Brexit....
The asset stripping of Scotland is now going to be turbo charged the oil field that was never there has now appeared and it's going to pay for brexit like the oil fields in the 70's 80's paid for mass run down of UK industries under Thatcher every it paid for the unemployment etc
is a leader without a moral compass - MSM give her a free pass. It's not just #Brexit, compare US media coverage of #Trump on #ClimateChange. Still waiting for #BBC our public service broadcaster to cover links between #Tory fracking and #ClimateChange..... #IPCC
Even the pro-Brexit, pro-Tory Telegraph once described a speech about immigration by Theresa May as "dangerous and factually wrong."
Some people think this is far fetched. Are you not listening to the rhetoric from the EU? They want control of us all. This is not a drill
The EU-27, regardless of a few 'token' objections, have now apparently agreed to UK/EU Withdrawal Proposal unanimously...and somewhat rapidly, given usual EU snail pace over international deals. That, my friends, should be cause for concern to all of us in the UK.
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm
The tragedy being, it only takes 1 in 20 to be bigoted and you have the 5% needed to tip the vote in Brexit's case ... then you are left with a lot of scum feeling empowered.
Utter bollocks. Either scrap Brexit or give us a second referendum. Whatever happens now the Tory party is fatally split / dead. For once in your career put the interests of your country before those of your party. History will remember you for it
Busy papering. Papering over the cracks of her WA.
It was “impossible” to prosecute Tony Blair for an illegal war but these malignant lawyers want to prefer charges against Boris Johnson for supporting #Brexit. Oh, and they want half a million quid of your cash to do it. #cockroaches.
We are now on Goebbels 'V Waffen' niveau promising the 'Endsieg'. Desperation
When I get kids I'll be sending em to you Clive. A brexit education is important
I #SundayTimes writes that government has "caved into Spanish demands over Gibraltar". I have still not yet worked out how the UK government acknowledging the pre-existing legal position is caving in. #brexit #MayMustGo
Rory Stewart what utter nonsense . Brexit delivers the Referendum result does it ? It will devastate a country that was doing reasonably well until stupid David Cameron gambled our futures to placate a group of fossilized extremists who have gifted us this mess. Thanks a bunch!
The current malaise of the stock market is due to - a high level of uncertainty in UK’s Brexit - a high level of unrest in France. The EU is becoming a tinder box due to the anger of the People to their leaders.
If the minority actually cared about democracy they would accept the result of the ref and work together with the winners to achieve a proper true Brexit and not this stitch up betrayal that May &amp; EU are trying to impose on us.
Furthermore, the only drop off in Russian bot activity was during the 2017 GE when they were obviously scared they had been identified and didn't want to show too much support for the Tories. Since the GE they have been back in force pushing brexit and supporting May
Yep doesn't matter what people want they wanted a brexit yes after that it's all about how government gains fk everyone else.
Boris says accepting current Brexit deal would be 'historic mistake'
Zombie leader May, she's dead but he doen't know it yet.
No, but post Brexit we will be able to hold our politicians to account for immigration levels, no hiding behind the EU it will be our governments responsibility
Can Anne explain the benefits of #Brexit v staying in the #EU to #TheresaMay? #ImACeleb
What's currently on the table is a Bad Deal which has been cooked up by Remainers, and it does so much to discredit Brexit you have to wonder if that was their intention all along.
Well what do you expect. The appeaser who was a remain was put in charge from the outset . No revote, get out now . Enough of the pussy footing around
Why haven't you been voted out by the Conservative Party, I'm getting the feeling that #Brexit is being fucked over by the EUROPEAN UNION and you are its bitch
There is only one word to describe him. Unique. Who else could get Titanic, lightsabers and Van Morrison into a speech about... Brexit? #Boris
Is it me? Or are there an awful lot of MP’s on twitter trying to sell traitor May’s proposal for Brexit
Maybe Gibraltar is being punished for registering the highest Remain vote in the referendum. #Brexit politics is so loony that one could almost believe that to be true.
Statement by Gibraltar Chief Minister Fabian Picardo 24.11.2018 #Gibraltar Statement by Chief Minister of Gibraltar, Fabian Picardo, on the latest Brexit developments regarding Gibraltar's inclusion in a future UK-EU relationship. GBC News YouTube:...
And the Vienna Convention, to which the UK is a signatory.
The paranoid fantasy behind Brexit | Fintan O'Toole
So true, I have sat on boardroom tables across from people of such a high calibre they would have wiped the floor with May and her pathetic minions.
If the brits had him negotiating Brexit there’d be home and hosed! Very clever and cunning individual
People voted for Brexit 2 years ago the UK government is still defying its own people. I won't be surprised by this.
Didn't Donald Tusk say a few days ago that the scenario that the EU were best prepared for was a no-Brexit scenario? Let's hope that EU planning for a #PeoplesVote and no Brexit is more thorough than UK planning for no deal.
2/ The agreement meant that until there was non physical border NI would remain in the EU (my words) May has an hidden agenda and it does not matter what happens Brexit has to beat the EU Anti Tax Avoidance Measures Jan 2019 and UK start of Tax Year April 5th
right for once. Brexit would be a historic mistake.
"Cambridge Analytica pledged to help Conservatives in USA with technological advances and pull dissatisfied voters from other side to their side. Previously company had already helped supporters of Brexit in Britain." An interesting article about influence of money in #politics.
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th-Hour Spat With Spain - Bloomberg
Definitely. All Oscar winning performances. So, who, where and when do we stop this utter Treasonable capitulation. ALL our predecessors, great leaders, kings, queens, and the millions who gave their lives in two world wars, and since, will turn in their graves....
Many Brits forget THIS: ““*Everyone reads the UK papers here*. We saw it all, every comment, every contradiction ... People were laughing – rolling their eyes – at some of the most extreme, the most arrogant, stuff.”” #brexit #EU27
Basically it's a mean version of staying in the EU. Mean and small minded and disempowered. And a false £saving, hap'th of tar saving Compare every bullet point in this with being a member. No contest, being in EU beats little England and small Wales every time
I m confused over this Gibralter issue! Surely it’s not a bartering piece for Brexit summits! It’s one of the most important rocks in Europe &amp; it’s British.
All these options are ‘Brexit’. May’s solution is far from being the softest one
Could someone just stop Brexit? This is all just ridiculous. Thanks in advance x
Arlene Foster must personally apologise for the scandal over RHI, the discredited renewable energy policy. Do not hide behind the DUP, Arlene. Thank you. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE #BreakingNews #marr
BREXIT LATEST: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May | Politics | News |
You have to vote against it. Abstention is not enough. Corbyn will force it through by calling for abstention, because he's desperate for Brexit. #JustSayNo. No to the Mayday deal, and No to Brexit.
Corbyn trolls are my fave. I only hope after the NHS converts to an American model post-Brexit, that the insurance premiums on cult deprogramming aren't too pricey.
Dear BBC, the thought of the EU being 'worried' at the prospect of Brexit being binned is frankly absurd. Nothing could please everyone more. #FinalSay #StopBrexitSaveBritain
#Brexit #War - Theresa May's government betraying Brexit new dawn for Britain
Nothing is being dealt with. its all being kicked down the road. May is pushing all the problems until after we leave, no doubt for some other government to sort out
Why would A leader release a statement, like this, I didn't realise Labour's leaders, where psychic? Was the First Referendum corrupted and manipulated, so The brexit would happen, know matter what.... Did The Government, know the results before the voter's even voted? #nobrexit
UK wine retailer to stockpile up to $10 million in extra bottles ahead of Brexit: Is Brexit going to drive us all to drink? Fear not -- one of the UK's leading wine retailers is taking precautions, revealing plans to stockpile millions of pounds' worth…
Wow, its like the grinch, only thinner.
Friends can unilaterally agree to go their own way. Friends respect each others differences, Friends do not have to horse trade for mutual benefit. #EU #Brexit
a legal veto over brexit. they would give parliament an opportunity to ‘have a vote’ on the government’s proposed course of action in the absence of a deal, but not, as such, a vote on whether to accept or reject no deal.
Theresa May's coalition partners attack Brexit plan, labelling it 'pitiful' at DUP conference
Still think the true Brexit happens when Europe disintegrates itself.
And that is why Brexit is now failing. That winner takes all mentality caused Remainers like me who accepted that we would leave the EU, but expected a sensible approach were pushed aside. May could of made this a national enterprise instead she gave in to the loony extremists
Most of us in Britain don't want this: it's a dying, racist breed who want us exeunt. Without knowing Shakespeare. Or anything artistic. Or what that word means. It's a Tory fight, imposed as a coup against us who want to be liberal and international.
My thoughts The Fish, The Rock, The Border: EU's Caveats to the Brexit Deal
Italy may destroy EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row via
Paul you've said that I've been disrespectful. But this is a really simple question yet very important, and it's only the 2nd out of 4. Will Labour campaign on a pro Remain or some form of brexit platform? There's only 2 answers. Why won't you answer? I've asked 3 times now
So the only benefit she can come up with is ending the opportunities freedom of movement gives to British people. When has a PM ever been so happy at denying rights to their own citizens.
The European Union removed the last major obstacle to sealing an agreement on Brexit after Spain said it had reached a deal Saturday with Britain over Gibraltar on the eve of an EU summit.
Can you explain how brexit will fix this?
The first statement in this is “Ending free movement once and for all”. As if the ability to travel &amp; work freely across 20+ countries is some kind of scourge to be wiped out. This makes me fucking sick, &amp; ashamed that it came from our government.
From 2017
Interesting development, really hope they do!
What happens when leaders need to look tough.
It’s possible that on this occasion I could agree with the Editor of
Most of us in Britain don't want this: it's a dying, racist breed who want us exeunt. Without knowing Shakespeare. Or anything artistic. Or what that word means. It's a Tory fight, imposed as a coup against us who want to be liberal and international.
Hard Brexit or it is remain that has been delivered. No fom that was clear in the vote
tbf this is me. Technically I will be a Brit applying for an Irish passport (when I get round to it) I’ve been living in Ireland for 10 years nd would luv to stay a part of the EU if u guys like me enough plz&amp;thanks xxx ps also wanna stay in maynooth without having to get a visa
This government's pursuit of Brexit is outdoing a drug addict's determination to get their next fix
Neither major party seems willing to defend British identity and sovereignty but for a handful of brave people.
‘ Arlene Foster has announced her party will not back Theresa May’s Brexit deal when it goes to a vote in the Commons in a massive blow to the Prime Minister on the eve of a crunch EU summit. #StandUp4Brexit #DitchTheDeal
“the sheer length of time the UK took to publish its #Brexit white paper was frustrating, and the ultimatums (“my plan or no plan”) and clumsy diplomatic attempts at divide-and-rule were annoying.”
You're ignoring the result of the referendum with this deal, because you're ignoring the Leave win result. As such you ignore democractic principle. The only democratic solutionis to leave the EU and then, if needed, revisit the EU question once Brexit has been delivered/
Strictly compared to Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder
After Brexit, who will be America's best friend in the European Union? - The Washington Post
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit Like Miss Havisham, the prime minister sits alone and unloved.
Seriously, how can anyone trust this woman? #MayMustGoNow #WTOBrexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal #Brexit
So you are going to surrender your fishing rights, create a hard border with England and adopt the Euro just so you can LEAVE the UK to become a "independent" member of the EU and be told how much you can spend like Italy? Interesting. I note Scottish voters disagree.
Absolutely . Truly disgraceful.
You’re a disgrace Mrs May!
Why would't they agree it, they were the other side of the neogtiating table! Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal -
BREXIT BACKLASH - DEC 9th: via
'UK is a colony!' What the EU REALLY thinks? Shock BBC outburst reveals Brexit 'defeat' via
Sex, state schools and Brexit: All the ingredients needed for a sparkling p1.
It's the first time, when I've referred to Twitter (search) to look for a hashtag, that I've ever found two linked together. #gibraltar #brexit
It is VERY clear we can no longer trust the Tories on anything. There is a weak opposition to May. I would have thought they all realise if they dont push for a proper BREXIT then they will condemn themselves to the political desert
Your lies were responsible for getting us into this mess. Do us all a favour and disappear under the stone where you came from.
When this farce is over, there will be a full enquiry &amp; #Brexit liers, conspirators, agents of foreign powers, dark money launderers, and better be ready to face the hatred of the People. Some WILL go to jail. We will see what their "clever" comments are then..
If Brexit happens this is just the start, the UK will have to grovel to all countries to get by in trade, security, travel. We will no longer have a say. Little Britain.
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! via
Unless a group of countries like the EU crack down on it. Like the EU is doing in April on next year. Which oddly coincides with Brexit. Funny huh?
Nadine Would you care to explain what you'd do instead? Would it protect GFA? Would it do more or less danage than this deal? And the big question: Explain how any Brexit provides any benefit (relative to Remain) for the country? Facts and evidence appreciated
Mom says we`ll all be living on lard sandwiches after March 29. And me a vegan ! #Brexit
So because I don’t like brexit, I should be able to shoot people?
Technically didn’t sell anyone out with Brexit. She voted to remain with the status quo. What she did do was step forwards (courageously or stupidly, you decide) to try and navigate the country through the challenges created by the 52% that voted to leave the EU
"France should not lower its standards by seeking reciprocity with the treatment of French citizens by the British state after Brexit"
U.K. Inches Toward a Smooth Brexit, but Domestic Opposition Remains
Indeed. May’s “solution” isn’t even Brexit.
Best pressie ever?...
No mention of #fishing ?
Inbred german twit brexit means brexit
So what are you going to actually do about it?
I’ve stopped many times and even stayed in Holyhead. It’s a kip and the locals are indifferent to visitors to say the least. Not surprised they sought to slay the golden goose. Fuck ‘em. #BrexitChaos
I think something post new year, post Brexit and post apocalyptic would be nice.
Mrs May has proven to be the #Brexit 'Killer Queen'
It makes her a cnut
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas PLEASE GOD MAKE THIS HAPPEN AND BREXSHITE BE DECLARED VOID.
Rising recession risk leaves Europe acutely vulnerable to no-deal Brexit shock' | via
And they will continue to evade taking any responsibility whatsoever.
Theresa May's ego. Remember, Thatcher took us to war to save her failing career. That basically only cost us the lives of the servicemen. brexit will cost the UK &amp; the EU much more.
The #scheming #Brexit #libertarians spin #delusions that are trapping us all
Please will all those #MPs who wants to abandon #TheresaMay Brexit Pakage please go on live tv and tell the public what exactly you have on the table that the #EU will except before March or shut up instead of trying to send the country in to turmoil
Sounds like a perfect way to deal with January &amp; the looming catastrophe that’ll be Brexit
What four scenarios could unfold if Theresa May's Brexit deal falls through? #BrexitDeal
Hard Brexiteers expected to call the shots with Brexit, not just in the UK, but also with the EU. Everything has been driven by ignorance &amp; arrogance, never by fact, reality
#voteleave #erg just to confirm the delusions of #Brexit #Brexiter &amp; trading ideas! Certainly #australia loves to buy their own products. Not seen as much protectionist narrative as in OZ. They won't be rushing to buy UK
You know #EU holds it self up as #world standard in everything &amp; all others are peasants wallowing in their medieval barbarism?! well why don't they tell all the 27 to have eurefs as UK did? surely be the best Democratic thing to do! #brexit #DUP18
Imagine being a Tory that wanted brexit and when their leader negotiated a deal, that they then come out with this. There’s no cake and eat it when you have to accommodate another country or group of countries.
No se dice siesta se dice: una "yes it is"
There is hope yet ...
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
And time Cameron did the honourable thing which any gentleman would do.
Baseless nonsense. It could be £100 billion more, much depends on how we manage the economy post brexit. Free trade is a net benefit to all, we know this, that is why the brexit argument is solid. Reduce tariffs with rest of world and we can benefit.
Excellent roundup of what EU countries thought of Brexit and of the way Britain approached the problem (spoiler: most believe we hid in a cellar and soiled ourselves rather than do any actual thinking or planning)
BREXITIERS! Let's all get together and make our voice heard! 9th December! WE'VE BEEN BETRAYED
NEW: PM has written a letter to the nation. Most interesting part isn’t about Brexit, but life beyond it. PM promises there’ll be a moment of ‘renewal and reconciliation’ and outlines significant domestic ambitions. Is this a hint she thinks she’ll be around to pursue them?
My thinking, now, is that she was a Leave fifth-columnist in Cameron’s cabinet, undermining his campaign from within. I really wonder what input she had, to his tactics?
You know that Brexit doesn’t actually physically move our islands to another part of the world, right?
#UKpolitics #Brexit is Served by #auspol #Insiders #VicVotes2018
The cake could probably do a better job with Brexit negotiations.
Didn't Wales vote in favour of leaving the EU? Presumably then, even the Welsh dismissed the effects of Brexit on Wales, no?
Get ready for the loss of Las Malvinas when UK looking for WTO schedules.
Absolutely betrayal for the British public.
You can when there is clear evidence of law breaking, lying, illegal funding from as yet uncertain but suspicious sources and clear evidence of Russian trolls at work.
I'm becoming more and more convinced that this Prime Minister is certifiable.
Boris Johnson, sniping at PM Theresa May, calls for ‘no deal’ Brexit minister
May and Juncker meet for talks on Brexit
Sad but true... #brexitshambles #Brexit #PeoplesVote
But Stephen said the main issues on the doorstep were Northern Rail and Brexit?
I hope nobody in Argentina is watching. UK is at its weakest in my lifetime. And May has shown how she'll roll over if anyone threatens her xenophic dream.
You do realize that Alex Mendoza the man who you retweeted is a racist, bigot, Brexit, Donald Trump loving, right wing nutcase or l maybe you know and you are belong to that KKklan as well.
British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker in Brussels for final talks ahead of a crucial Brexit summit. IMAGES
If this actually happening, I promise I will be full of joy this xmas.
That would appear to be EEA, including FoM. Maybe.
Yes, but that’s hardly permanent residence, is it? I’m supposedly moving to Germany next year and I honestly don’t know how long I’ll be allowed to live there. I can’t see how going before or after the Brexit date would make any difference, though.
DT Alan Mak MP: RT Conservatives: .Fabian Picardo on the Brexit deal: "The United Kingdom has not let us down. Theresa May has not let us down. She has st…
#NoExitforBrexit As I stated many times, Brexit was doomed to fail from the beginning
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
‘Brexit deal is a win:win scenario’
Government in tatters over Brexit
Roughly half my entertainment is YouTube and our MEPs are terrible because of this Brexit nonsense, in the worst boat possible!
Okay Twitter, what’s the view on north-south divergence (pre-#Brexit) on crisps? Which tastes better and why? (ROI Taytos taste more vinegary, methinks) #BattleoftheTaytos
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
As much as I love the passion for international football and international club games the #CopaLibertadoresFinal fiasco is an example why the English don't follow any other football apart from what is in England... These people probably voted Brexit on the other hand
He doesn’t compromise with evil, he just supports and admires it. A lot.
Summary of #Brexit withdrawal agreement, what will happen next and how it will work in practice .
The #UK government said in a statement on Saturday it would discuss the future of Gibraltar directly with #Spain, part of reassurances given to Madrid to agree to the #EuropeanUnion #Brexit deal. #MNA
Make your voice heard, a blond brexit not a sick brexit!
Opinion: Brexit will hit women hardest
The sad facts are: 1) Brexit is a specifically English project, and 2) the English don’t give a hoot about N Ireland, except when the EU raises it in Brexit negotiations.
Steven Edginton: Despite Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda
Why the fuck are you asking us ? No wonder the daily mail is shite if you cant join up a few dots Torys slashed police budgets and they want more cuts.... so surprise fucking surprise weve no police May wont let foreign GPs come and Brexit got rid of those here so.....guess ?
I cannot see how it will benefit the common man in the U.K...I can’t.Infact it is not possible..If anyone finds their cost of living post brexit please let me know,I will honestly be glad I was wrong.
All I want for Christmas is the end of Brexit. Amen.
Early Christmas present from the High Court. #Brexit
CORRECT. 63 never voted for a political party every. they all the same so pointless. Been waiting for new parties with balls for years. Hopefully UKIP and FOR BRITAIN can tempt me. I voted once in my life BREXIT.
Royal Navy faces off with Spanish vessel in British waters amid Brexit row over Gibraltar | Politics | News |
I'll leave you with this.
Spain's Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez says Brexit must address the future of Gibraltar, threatens to veto draft deal between Britain and EU
So if everyone in the country except 1, changed their mind it must still go ahead. Brexit logic in a nutshell
You seem to have forgotten to retweet this follow up comment. I am sure this was an oversight that you will shortly correct
The face of brexit
BREXIT
And the guilty should face the full force of the law. Shows where your minds at and proves you’re a selective and base racist looking to divide rather than unite people. Beside Ms Silvia Newman what does that have to do with sovereignty Brexit or UKIP? Tommy's bad for UKIP an UK
No, you’d just have to apply for a visa like in Australia that sits on 9 places above the UK! It’s hardly got anything to do with what you think it does. Research is based on things such as science implementation in schools, student to teacher ratio etc
'But there is a majority in the Commons against a no-deal Brexit, so their choice could be May’s Brexit or no Brexit'...rot, vote down May's treacherous deal and as there won't be time to negotiate a new deal, we leave in March with none. Best option.
Brexit will fail in twenty years we will be in the EU. It's a case of the pain anger and damage brexit will do before it's killed
FFS need the following remark accompany every feckn story on Brexit "The UK is scheduled to leave the EU on 29 March 2019" I think we've all got that ! (Less those in a coma since 23 June 2016).
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll
Time to do the right thing Mrs May - you do realise that being an accessory and covering up a crime is also a crime in itself? Come clean - stop Brexit now and we (the people - 48 million) will ensure it is taken into account when sentencing!
Nail and coffin come to mind. #FinalSay #StopBrexitSaveBritain #OFOC
Worse than remaining? Correct. Not actually Brexit? It has no definition.
True Brexit is hard Brexit with WTO. Nothing else
For many many reasons this is not ageing well
Buenos Aires is currently planning another invasion of the Falkland Islands. They have been given permission by who has assured them of her co-operation in making the mission a complete success #brexit
Who buys this turncoat paper anymore, I stopped it two weeks ago after years of reading it, can't believe they were conning me since Brexit, no more
What's currently on the table is a Bad Deal which has been cooked up by Remainers, and it does so much to discredit Brexit you have to wonder if that was their intention all along.
I'm still against Brexit, despite your fucking awful, self regarding tweet and profile. can we swap you for somebody useful?
Are you for real? "Toffs out"? You are aware one of those who is pushing for a no deal Brexit is millionaire Jacob Rees-Mogg, supported by Etonian Boris Johnson. If they're not Toffs I don't know who is...
The Prime Minister has written a “Letter to the Nation” about #Brexit
The EU is ready to hand Theresa May a Brexit deal after an 11th-hour fight with Spain. via
Exactly Sue. Farage hasn't stepped in. That is a massive disappointment and for me it's a loss of respect for him. As much as I respect him for waking me up I equally don't respect him for not stepping in to truly achieve #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch
No you have never been clear, stop lying, Brexit means Brexit not bend over and take it
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll | Politics | The Guardian
But the problems will all come later. You must realise this. Why are you spreading things you know to be untrue?
This is so good.
Petition: A residency qualification of 5 years to sufficient for full UK voting rights. #BrexitCrimes #Brexit #Remain #PeoplesVote #climate #environnement #deregulation #ThinkTanks
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all.
At least your sticking to golf opinions and not Brexit ! Tournament victory next year please Mr Waring
This shows that May understands what Brexit was primarily about, which also implies she has better political instincts than some of the 'elite' Leavers who overstate the importance of their hobby horses.
But before tee time
Magnificent. Accepting the deal would be like the Christmas truce in the trenches; "after those tinselled 24 hours both sides resumed killing each other with undiminished fury". The hard brexiteers would just come back for more. #stopbrexit
All we did was vote to leave the EU. Peacefully, democratically. And look at how we've been treated. It's easy to forget sometimes that all we did was exercise our right to vote. Remainers have destroyed this country in their fury, not us. They're the problem, not Brexit.
Are these food?
Brilliant as ever:
We found out not through grandpa Trot thats for sure, we found out by looking at the projections put forward by the rest of the world. 'Meaningful vote' is entirely meaningless, all it will do is push brexit through. Im not wrong.
She is a prime example of someone rewarded for failure,name me one thing she has done in government that hasn't been an unmitigated disaster,from the police,to Brexit,unbelievable.
If this actually happens I promise I will be full of joy this xmas.
Again, was it remain advocating Norway style, Switzerland style, or leave? You voted for hard brexit perhaps, not all did.
I'm not as sure as you or Diane Abbot. But #fbpe have not fixed the BBC or controlled print media propaganda. And they have mostly refused to understand how their personal politics aided a brexit vote. So I'm also not confident of a remain win as yet.
Please stop talking about Putin. It's bad enough with the Trump conspiracy theory let alone introducing it to Brexit.
Why do #greatbritain should enter in #euro if its results are the ones we can see in #paris? Riots, fire, gas, dead. #brexit rules.
In your dreams, we are more determined than ever, and don't you worry about the north mate, we're fine with Brexit, unlike your crap newspaper, just towing the line, are we?
Victoria Borwick MP's career in hypocrisy. She's bolted now, on the back of Brexit and her hidden work for #VoteLeave. Off to ££Brexit Lolly Land with the rest of the Tories, laughing at all the Londoners they conned on the way.
Absolutely. Kicking another can down the road that will cost us hugely, but after we have the ability to actually do anything about it. Best thing is to recognise Brexit is a disaster and remain.
#TheresaMay caves to #Spain over #Gibralter as part of #BREXIT Last I heard "this is what's going to happen" wasn't an official negotiating tactic.
This will be the UK very soon - just as soon as May has whacked the final nail in the Brexit coffin. This Country stands on the brink. Have no doubt about it.
The EU is ready to hand Theresa May a Brexit deal after an 11th-hour fight with Spain.
Historically illiterate. They know nothing of bombs.
Agreed.
A rather excellent piece from Matthew Parris in The Times (no login required) on why May's deal must be rejected by wavering remainers
Sunday Tel says that some ministers are drawing up a "Plan B" that could keep UK in the single market , because then there would be a clearer "exit mechanism". But if the point of staying in the SM is to leave it, then Ireland and the EU are still going to want a backstop.
#UK after the hard #Brexit
Brexit is not deliverable, lets stop until you Brexiters come up with a paln that works for us all and then we can leave.
Then why are you putting them at risk from the effects of brexit. You continually claim one thing while doing the exact opposite. #WeDeserveBetter #PeoplesVote #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal
Brexit itself is 'deeply problematic for our democracy'. The sooner we vote to bin it the better.
Brexit fucked itself, mate.
I did and if you weren’t trying to insinuate the loss wasn’t due to Brexit, there was no need to mention it. You must think people are stupid.
this is amazing news! with apologies to the Chief Justice - #MAGA #BuildtheWall #BuildtheDamnWall #BuildtheWallNow #BLEXIT #BREXIT #WalkAway #QAnon #QAnons #QArmy #QAnon8chan #QAnon76 #NPCmeme #NPC #OrangeManBad #GreyLivesMatter #GOP
The EU is ready to hand Theresa May a Brexit deal after an 11th-hour fight with Spain.
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Maybe should just move over there and try her hand at destroying their democracy.
The singer from Wheatus was on the BBC talking about Brexit for some reason
another player has entered the game
I understand though History is taught by the winners after all
This. True.
Mays Brexit Con , facilitated by the Neo Liberals installed within the UKs democratic process , people died and bled for something other than this . #fight back
Brilliant!! Looking forward to giving us the ancient ritual of the daily symbolic slaying of the Tory May Queen in the Today programme radio car.
Yes and it's the Conservatives who have done this under Theresa May..
Brexit has had an impact on the continent’s Eurosceptics: “It’s striking. Before and right after the ref, the talk was Frexit, Nexit, Czexit. It all stopped very quickly. Le Pen wanted to leave the EU, then the euro; now - neither. No one wants to.”
What the fuck is #TeresaMay doing? #Brexit
Why would she? DUP stands for the the "Democratic UNIONIST Party". The deal breaks up Britain by treating NI differently, and does not unify it. Some parties like to stick to their ideologies, unlike the Conservative and Unionist Party, which is not conservative nor unionist.
New post (Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms) has been published on Buzzort -
*Brain*: I need something mindless to watch as I wind down from a day talking brexit politics. *Also Brain*: This documentary on the causes of the American Civil War looks good.
You're the justice minister NOT the brexit minister please focus on your job. Too many people dying
“Wreckers and saboteurs” - Brexit is the Marxism of the right, part 2.
Yes. Bonehead move of all time.
After its early billing as a new force in British politics, Ruth Davidson's (It's not her party btw, she is just the manager!) party has been exposed as ineffectual by Brexit
I'm definitely not Corbyn, as he's a Brexiteer. But yes. Theresa can fuck right off.
Theresa deal is not accepted , no deal is impossible . And there is no majority for GE , is than when Labour will make decisions to back people's vote. And is the only way to fix Brexit problems
Brexit will hurt the most vulnerable, damage the economy and trash Britain's international reputation. And for what? David Cameron's selfish legacy issues. Boris Johnson's sociopathic ambition and deceit. May and Farage's naked xenophobia. Rees Mogg's turbo-capitalist hypocrisy.
Seems like we have lost control. Punishment Brexit indeed...
Finally something positive from all this #Brexit games . #BrexitDeal #Spotify #Playlist
Well we have Tories in charge. They tell us austerity is necessary while lining their own pockets. Brexit may well destroy them. Good!
Harry could be the next #Brexit secretary #DUP18 #imaceleb2018
Theresa May urges British public to back her Brexit plans in extraordinary open letter
Rather than allow Westmonster to misappropriate oil revenues again, offsetting costs of Brexit this time, shouldn't we Scots finally seize our independence. We can do so much better.
Best you get your finger out and push for s no brexit then
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Lacky men quallity be suffering fram Brexit broh
What actually happens here is this British farmers rear the animals for a pittance they are sold and slaughtered by the EU abroad they add their expensive packaging and daft regulations we then buy the meat back at stupid prices in the supermarkets.
and the depressing part, the holyhead on brexit article. People think it won't matter.
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
What’s the story on Gibraltar? This very good from our foreign editor
Big if true.
“No one has reasons to be happy”. When is the time to call the whole thing off?
Brexit?
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May Like. Like Cameron bent backwards to accomodate EU wishes so to this PM repeated by begging and bended and even consider a border in the in Irish sea just to please EU
Illegal overspending by leave campaign alone breaches Venice Convention and Brexit Referendum is required to be VOIDED #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #PeoplesVote #ECJ #ECHR #business #politics #SNP #ECJ #Juncker #EU
#BRINO is not #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Spain shouldn't sign off tomorrow's #Brexit treaty until clarity about a) Gilbraltar sovereignty be back to Spain, or b) total closure of the rock border is done and no longer the llanitos are having medical health coverage in Spain, llbe binding
Hope is an act of revenge
'We're the sacrificial lamb': Gibraltarians on Brexit sovereignty row
“The UK basically jumped into the ocean blindfold, and started paddling round in circles. It was almost like it expected the EU not just to say what Brexit should look like, but to devise a version of it that would suit Britain.”
Yawn. More propaganda from #10. You do realise that any video with gets way more views than your rubbish
Well, I do like to be optimistic about our parliamentary representative . I like to think that there’s a logic to her contributions, but, I still struggle to dislodge the image of her and Nigel Farage on the #Brexit campaign boat.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal. .....May sells out Gibraltar to Spain
LOL! You're a liar and a scoundrel. Any form of Brexit is antithetical to a leader's first job: the safety, security and well being of its people. You should resign in shame and ignominy.
It is also to do with the shenanigans the Tories engaged in a century ago that separated Northern Ireland from what became the Republic.
You know #EU holds it self up as world standard in everything &amp; all others are peasants wallowing in their medieval barbarism! well why don't they tell all the 27 to have eurefs as UK did? surely be the best Democratic thing to do! #brexit #DUP18
May's EU Great British #Brexit giveaway continues, Soon there will be nothing of UK left to give away #NoDeal #hardbrexit #bbcnews #marr #bbcsp #bbcsml #r4today #victoriaLive #bbcqt #bbcpapers #newsbeat #bbc3 #r5live #BBCPolitics #theworldtonight #bbcworld #bbcfakenews #grouch
Brexit: Duplicitous May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat - then tells the other side she hasn't....
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
#borisjohnson, at the #dup conference in Northern Ireland, called for building a bridge between NI and #scotland. What with the failed #gardenbridge and calling for a #channelbridge. Boris should get into construction and out of politics. #brexit
Despite #Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda
New Nike ad suggestion: If you believe in being so stubborn that you create a legacy of nothing; please don't - just do it #Brexit
Very good piece by Sam. The DUP have already made a United Ireland more likely by their shenanigans. If there is a Hard Brexit then it will become certain within the next 10 - 20 years.
If you’re a Farmer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
You should have been in my local tonight. South Holland voted 73% Brexit, our local MP John Hayes looks to have taken his payment and screwed us over. Doubt he'll be drinking in any locals around here for the next decade.
The EU must do &amp; be seen as humiliating England in this brexit. The EU must put fear into others who may be wanting out. Conquerors don't like to lose their territories especially one who conquered them before. The EU was really always about conquest of national identity.
Spain Reaches Deal On Gibraltar, Brexit Summit To Go Ahead: Here's What Happens Next 24/11/18 | Zero Hedge
And the last time she was right about something was ? ......
What else are you selling down the river ? Ffs you will go down in history as the worst PM. Brexit is shit, admit it and let’s put a stop to it #PeoplesVote
Do you have anything positive to say? Or do you just hate Britain? Brexit is a great opportunity to embrace free trade outside the common external tariff and outcompete the inefficiency of the EU bureaucracy.
Brexit the movie
#May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as #Spain claims #victory ahead of #EU Brexit summit - Sky News
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s #Brexit “betrayal”
Giving away #Gibraltar it seems...
The airport is that way &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; #BuildTheWallNow #Brexit #Trump #Trudeau #Anglosphere #UKIP #DrainTheSwamp
Also, when all is said and done, who actually gives a shit? NZ is a nice country with nice people, but it has a population smaller than Scotland, and it’s literally on the other side of the world, even the best deal won’t make a dent in the damage Brexit will do.
Did Cicero know Tony Blair by any chance?
Which as a consequence means that 12000 Gibraltarians every day will be delayed as checks are made at their border. This will inevitably force them to vote to accept reunification with Spain. Not May's fault, nor #Remoaners just natural consequence of #Brexit.
Theresa May urges British public to back her Brexit plans in extraordinary open letter
You might see this scenario as a dream. For me Brexit is my worst nightmare....
Ireland after the hard Brexit.
Bollocks!
How much are we spending on Brexit ?
Can't believe anyone wants to hear or see from this coward who could of taken control of the mess he wanted to create. if he could of done better why didn't he?
GPs’ professional body, like many trade unions, calling for a public vote on the #brexit deal... if gov’t thinks the deal is what’s best for the people of the UK, their jobs, rights and living standards, they should have the confidence to put it to a democratic test. #peoplesvote
Brexit bill now looking more like £60-70 billion
Maybe Varsdkar doesn’t want Brexit.., why should he? It’s based on a huge illegal fraud!
After its early billing as a new force in British politics, Ruth Davidson's party (It's not her party btw, she is just the manager! it's still an English party operating in Scotland) has been exposed as ineffectual by Brexit
Farewell people of #Gibraltar. Your commitment to the cause means #TheresaMay can put those words on her CV, “I delivered #Brexit...” (even though you voted remain). “Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat”
Johnson warns DUP if they pull plug on May's government it will put Corbyn in prime position to take over The only person responsible for the possibility of Marxist Corbyn becoming Prime minister is credited to the present PM May's suicidal Cheques deal !
Would I be welcome to live in Germany post #Brexit? #brexitchaos
#Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar!
They're being robbed of funds while the CON government squander a fortune on making us all worse off with brexit #PeoplesVote #WeDeserveBetter #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit
There was not 700k on the march, that has been completely debunked to around 160k. Did not speak to many all day who had changed their mind. Similarly, there is little evidence that overwhelming numbers of people who voted remain, would now vote brexit. 2 positions are entrenched
Ok so playing this through, her deal gets bounced out of Parliament, no deal brexit is stopped by Parliament. What solution do we have, before March 2019?
Truth is Brexit is about two things: English nationalism and cutting immigration. They don't give a stuff about the people of Gibraltar, Scotland or Northern Ireland. We have all been thrown under their bus.
Comments not enabled. :-) BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
This is why the remoaners will never get their ECJ ruling on an EU member having the option to unilaterally revoke A50 agreed Imagine the chaos if Italy or Hungary could invoke A50, blackmail the others and then revoke it after 1 year and 11 months Delights the imagination
All the opinion of pharmaceutical companies, health care leaders and even many MPs is that Brexit, particularly no deal, will have a negative impact on the UKs medical supplies... But I hope you're right
English people already have chosen brexit. Why england cant do that? Is england a satellite of EU?
Brexit is not deliverable, it never was, a no deal will wreak havoc and never pass Parliament, so let's just stop until you Brexiters have a deliverable plan.
#DonaldTusk says "no-one wanted to defeat anyone" over #Brexit - EU Today
It isn't a 'Brexit deal'. It is a 'non-Brexit deal', crafted by a political establishment which was charged with the task of implementing a decision with which it bitterly disagreed.
Brexit and the Opportunities for the UK-US Trade Relationship via
#Brexit #EUCO soundtrack according to ...
All voted for leave, hard Brexit. We were told out the single market out the customs union you Europeans can go screw yourselves.
“Judges are poised to fast track the potentially explosive challenge, after Theresa May’s refusal to act on the growing evidence of illegality in the 2016 referendum campaign” — also #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
Mogg and the rest of his ERG mob, are all living on borrowed time. Their days are well &amp; truly numbered. #GoodRiddance #Brexit #PeoplesVote
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Theresa May pens open letter imploring public to lobby MPs to back Brexit deal
Brexit summit gets green light after 11th-hour diplomatic haggling sees Spain brought on board - Read on
So are lies and hate. They elected Trump and many other politicians in 2016 and 2018. Also see BREXIT, Poland, Czech Republic, Austria, Argentina, Philippines, etc....
It may be the issue of Gibraltar will not derail Sunday's talks but Spain's decision to pressure the UK does not bode well.
Absolutely betrayal for the British public. Peston: ‘For the first time it feels like Brexit will be stopped’
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
Apparently the last but one obstacle to the Brexit withdrawal agreement (fishing) has been resolved, because #Gibraltar resolved, with no mention of #fishing
Not often I partake in guessing games. However. Boris would do anything to be PM. DUP today suggested Norway Deal. Boris clapping apology for RHI fiasco here. If Boris promises softer brexit he might get party votes to oust May. Just a thought.
I`m sure everyone in Gibralter is breathing a sigh of relief after Therry May`s assurances. #Brexit. Mom says they should be grateful she didn`t hand them over to Putin.
It's time to walk away &amp; get rid of Traitor May WTO Trading arrangements are now the only way to stop EU Enslavement - people &amp; Business Will have two tough years then the world is open to great opportunities for us - BUSINESS WILL ADAPT &amp; PROSPER &amp; PEOPLE WILL BE FREE
Both
if Brexit is successful then you European people should not proud as a European,you need to tell people that Europe under British people and their follower. When British people want use European people when they wish they can kick European people.What was in history
So if we stop Brexit as we should, Gibraltarians would be protected. Seems like there's a way out of this then...
More balconies are needed
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal: Theresa May meets top…
Perhaps we could vote on it? May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
We understand! You have to think of your own country. Most people in Britain now think Brexit is terrible anyway. Some of us always knew it was an appallingly bad idea. Some just found out too late about the lies, the job costs, all the many negative “costs”.
Spain could have asked for more and the PM would have given it to them, such is the weakness of her position. The EU nations are not taking advantage of the UK’s weakness and yet they are accused of ‘bullying’! Strange times.
Markle "The cottage will undergo major building work to turn it back into a luxury family home with 10 bedrooms and a yoga studio. The work will be funded by the British taxpayer." As if Brexit wasn't enough to rattle Britons.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
thread
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
can deny whatever the shit she likes there's nothing exposes #tory #lies like a #Brexit
However, sits back and allows ordinary poor people, those he claims to care about to be forced to fund court cases because he cannot be bothered to hold the government to account and force them to follow the law. He is a Tory brexit enabler. he has laid wreaths all of his life.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
. If #Brexit goes ahead despite everything, we are going to fight hard to rejoin. Could you please unilaterally offer an option to rejoin on similar terms within ~5 years? I'm afraid won't ask you for such a safeguard. #FBPE
He will only make people want Brexit more he has that affect.
Person cannot name@ names it’s all assumptions and wishes of Eu countries we keep paying for nothing will not weel out or it’s a wto brexit or hard as the #FBPE cuckholds call it.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
I’m delusional apparently. No reason why. Just the one word
Gibraltar isn’t a bargaining chip. #brexit
Just a reminder that #Scotland vote overwhelmingly to remain in the #EU. So, if you intend to drag them out, you should absolutely expect calls for #indyref2. Deliberately causing economic damage and social dislocation is not acceptable, when it is a choice. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
There was less chaos in the #strictly Lindy Hop-a-thon than there is in the #brexit negotiations. Let’s let Corbyn and Starmer negotiate and #GTTO
Both.
Brexit always was and will continue to be an expression of English xenophobia. TMs words and actions both as PM and as Home Sec endorse this. Talk of trade and sovereignty barely got a look in in voters minds, or in the proposed withdrawal agreement.
I don’t understand anything anymore.
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
Oh, he was in politics alright. He was the money behind Brexit. Now everyone knows he obtained that funding illegally, he wants to run away. He can run but he can't hide.
Brexit: #Johnson junked says UK to #keep the #backstop'
We all know what can do with her deal, don't we? May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
The High Court investigation, into the alleged illegal funding by Arron Banks of the Leave Campaign, is understood to be looking also into whether the result of the #Brexit Referendum can and should also be overturned.
Never, never, NEVER! #BrexitChaos May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
#Spain and Britain resolve Gibraltar dispute to save #Brexit summit
They won the 2017 election??? I must have read the wrong papers, I'd have sworn May insisted she needed a mandate for her version of Brexit and threw her majority down the toilet as a result.
. should have been in charge of the Remain campaign strategy...
We are sorry to be saying goodbye! Even if our national disgrace of a Prime Minister is too arrogant and ignorant to say it as her ego will weaken! We will Miss you
They're fairly toothless. Their power comes from consent, as Brexit is proving.
And of course they a rich enough not to be harmed by Brexit
Very interesting to see confirming what I have been hearing for weeks - that extension of #Article50 being considered to end the #Brexit chaos - for eg or GE to take place.
Here is a Twitter link...
Not facts at all. You're talking absolute shite. Glad I could help.
pleased for you to get a front page, but the timing of your move from the Bun, just as the Mail turned coat on Brexit, is wierd.
Brexit at the Crossroads: Why U.S. Support for a Far-Reaching Agreement is Vital via
A bad Brexit deal but with no alternative, says Voice of the Sunday Mirror
He’s not doing anything to damage Brexit. He’s protecting Ireland. You know the country he governs. The country he is actually meant to protect.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Even if EU ref is void UKPM will continue with brexit due to parliament voting for it. Is this what the brexitears mean by taking back control.
Brexit
Here is some work to do. XAIPE, SteVe. #StopBrexit
Theresa May's failure to Act, means the High Court could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
In Theresa May's letter: "As Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, I have from day one been determined to deliver a Brexit deal that works for every part of our country - England, Scotland, Wales and Northen Ireland"
The only deal is NO DEAL
La objetividad de sobre España queda clara en este ofensivo tuit. Well, ABC surely secured auctoritas and independence on all things Spain with this stereotyped tweet.
'No deal' Brexit could impact 2019 Grand National, says British Horseracing Authority
Either we're not paying enough Tax or they are being deliberately underfunded by a pig-headed PM determined to squander BILLIONS on a Brexit that no-one wants.
I bet you do - The deal is a trap - an obvious one - we will only be able leave if everyone agrees after the transition period - what is the price then? Gibraltar? - Northern Ireland? - if a politician dresses it up as Brexit they are either stupid or duplicitous - or both
This will never be agreed. But our solid support for Catalonia is now fully agreed by the British people
Boris Johnson and the DUP have found each other, and they deserve each other: The former Foreign Secretary doesn't want the DUP to bring down the government, because he wants to take it over
The U.K. needs to admit that Brexit has failed.
May has renegotiated our membership of the EU. She is a Remainer following the advice of Remainer civil servants. This is NOT Brexit.
Where were the Brexit protagonists the morning after the referendum result?
Theresa May pens open letter imploring public to back Brexit deal
This is brexit. You won, get over it and own your shit #PeoplesVote #WeDeserveBetter #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit
You know #EU holds it self up as world standard in everything &amp; all others are peasants wallowing in their medieval barbarism?! well why don't they tell all the 27 to have eurefs as UK did? surely be the best democratic thing to do! #brexit #DUP18
Brexit has boosted popularity of the EU. October’s Eurobarometer shows 68% respondents feel their country benefits from EU membership, the highest level since 1983; 66% – a majority in every state – said they would vote to remain in any exit referendum.
And whose acolytes are promoting Brexit, so that they can avoid pending EU legislation to try and stop this
We're actually signing the Brexit deal tomorrow. Theresa May will sign away the rights of her citizens to live, work, study, and retire in 27 other countries, with nothing in return. I cannot believe this.
If the Brexit deal doesn't go through parliament -&gt;&gt;BYE May They should hold another referendum about Brexit.
The DUP is in as much trouble as Theresa May. They’ll stick together 24/11/18 08:15 | Alex Kane || Grn
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
The Brexit Fantasy Goes Down in Tears
We all want a nicer government than the current repulsive one. But Corbyn, sadly, is as Brexit as they come.
it is in a mess because your beloved messiah is too lazy to do anything to even try to sort the mess out. He is as complicit in this brexit mess as May is and that is because he has been hankering after brexit all of his adult life. He is a collaborator
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s Brexit “betrayal” via
Despite #Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit leda
Jonathan Coe’s new novel grapples with Brexit
A brilliant read and insight define worth the time.
So when did #TakingBackControl mean giving up #Gibraltar? #ToryBrexit
Off to local. If I see any poofters or foreners expect a brexit beatdown.
is not even standing by the UK, leave alone Gibraltar. She has not #StandUp4Brexit she has capitulated on every important #brexit issue in the so called deal. Try replacing all her speeches where she uses the word ‘proud’ with ‘ashamed’ !
Leo is a?
The lying about a positive side of Brexit is still going on. This man is a disgusting liar inthe cause of his class. His class got the working class to vote against its own best interests. His class will deprive them of the NHS when they give it to private medicine.
A leftwing UK post-#Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
Was just about to post same. Ridiculous. #OwnIt
Yes, maybe the Malvinas will be returned to Argentina as part of any post-Brexit trade deal.
I believe there was a discision somewhere along the line,that politics was to change,a free for all,scrap treaties,commitments,regulations and go full on Tax haven Trump &amp; Brexit but Corbyn scuppered the lot by stopping her Landslide &amp; Nuclear Brexit
Dont care about that, no one cares about that. Have you got a preferance on Brexit plan
Maybe add she is handing them £39 billion to the list.
PM sends out ‘a letter to the nation’ on #Brexit tonight
along with and other civil servants. But we know different dont we? It is not going to happen.
Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch Brexit summit
Follow £3 annual fee. A Cross-Party supporting a clean Brexit. WTO Rules.
How are those who voted to remain preventing Brexit?
I'll settle for no Brexit Mrs May
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Will Always listen to George, but Ken can fucking do one.
This is 's response to the Prime Minister's open letter on Brexit:
I want to stop Brexit because I am European &amp; England is my chosen home
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal Not a snowball's chance in hell!
Nope.
MPs and ministers seem to be oblivious to one of the greatest sleights of hand in recent political history: how Theresa May has covertly given away control over policy, rules and structures which govern the future of our armed forces and foreign affairs.
Agree The Brexit debate was a farce from start to finish, from both sides of the argument.
If Theresa May will give away Gibraltar what will she do with Northern Ireland? Brexit is not worth this mess. WE DESERVE BETTER. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
This account appears to be the target of direct censorship. Ask them what they are doing? #LIBERTY
I love the way the late Freddie Mercury is now even being dragged into Brexit. “Friends will be friends.”
You are quite right when you say nothing has changed. It is now, and always has been a complete #shambles
Sorry, we don’t do the cult of magic Grandpa over here, we could be fighting a zombie Tory Government but Corbyn would rather spend his time getting #Brexit done &amp; settling all his grudges from the 80s.
Jonathan Coe’s new novel grapples with Brexit
Voice of the Sunday Mirror: A bad #Brexit deal but with no alternative
Voice of the Sunday Mirror: A bad #Brexit deal but with no alternative
"All work and no play means Brexit MEAnS BrExiT...!"
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Or maybe someone making an ‘utter twat’ of themselves simplify &amp; stereotype Brexit votes as being cast because ‘we hate the Germans’.
#TheresaMay vows to 'stand by' Gibraltar amid #Brexit row with #Spain
Johnson warns DUP if they pull plug on May's government it will put Corbyn in prime position to take over
"will no one rid me of this meddlesome woman"
The one good thing about Brexit is that everyone who didn't vote for it is now fully onside and will be extremely contented with whatever the outcome might be. It all makes for plain sailing in the years ahead, tricky as they might be. There's nothing like a united country ...
... and this is nothing like a united country. It's not Brexit I'm worried about as much as the unbridgeable division that will persist into the future.
You are literally the political elite. If you don’t know better than us, what exactly are we paying you for?
#TheresaMay pens open letter imploring public to lobby MPs to back #Brexit deal
It's a valid point, many brits voted for Brexit thinking we still had the power and standing of the British empire...
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
#TheresaMay pens open letter imploring public to lobby MPs to back #Brexit deal
Cretin. He owns Cardiff Aviation that maintains aircraft for major airlines. His business relies on a thriving UK airline market and that relies on the ease of the movement of people. IRON MAIDEN's BRUCE DICKINSON: Why I Voted For #Brexit
If the UK was such a powerful country as brexiteers pretend, the EU couldn't have "bullyed" it. Negotiation results always reflect the real balance of power. Leavers overestimated Britain's weight in world politics. But that's what nationalists always do.
Independent UK | "The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared 'void', in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the criminal investigation into Leave funder Arron Banks."
But Douglas you voted Remain &amp; to remain in the CFP! I know you don’t like to talk about that but I find it’s good for politicians to have principles that they stick to. And are you going to recognise the impact of Brexit on all your constituents &amp; are you voting for May’s deal?
There may be civil unrest in the opposite case too, if we get a no deal and things go enough to shit. People are expecting the impossible from the government, to both deliver Brexit and keep the country prosperous.
Insurer unveils Brexit fallout plan to 'take back control' of your finances
'The EU is NOT profitable!' Lord Trimble DESTROYS 'economic case' against no-deal Brexit
Mom`s worried we won`t be able to afford lard after March 2019. Never mind, there`s always soap, but mash will be just that little bit more frothy. .... . #Brexit
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal - #LatestComments
#Brexit and #relegation. A perfect t combination. Fray Bentos pies, longer marathon bars and 3pm Saturday kick-offs. What’s not to like? Bring it on
Now for some controversy.....
May Appeals to Voters as Gibraltar Spat Drags on: Brexit Update
And in the words of Jim Morrison( raging alcoholic like junker!) who passed away 48 years ago: "this is the end my friend, beautiful end my friend ".#Brexit
#Brexit is not in the People's best interests - so who's interests does #Brexit serve? And why is the PM now so desperate for #Brexit, any old #Brexit, when this is what she said in April 2016
It’s sort of hard to argue with this? This is the will of the people. The people on the high street TODAY. #brexit is not working. It is not what the people voted for. We need to stop right now. And rethink. Whatever way you voted x #PeoplesVote
HAMISH MCRAE: Brexit? We started it 15 years ago
Convince me that Brexit will improve my life.
If TM is addressing the Nation over Brexit, is she admitting Parliament will reject it and the people will vote? Cannot be asking people to pressurise MPs into backing TM as Govt MPs now fail to represent Constituency views
Brexit
Did you know membership of the EU guarantees UK citizens treatment anywhere in the EU if the NHS cannot help? In 2011 French doctors cured my son Max’s epilepsy with cutting edge brain surgery. This and many other benefits are now at risk #StopBrexit
Brexit deal condemned as '26 pages of waffle' - Read on
You are a fool then. She is the only person with a deliverable Brexit plan, by a very long way. Corbyn comes a very distant second. There is no one else on the field.
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Asia Bibi &amp; her family I would be willing to give Asylum to!
Could the High Court bring this whole shambles to a screeching halt ?
Living in a fabricated past on a different planet and another century.
The whole Brexit thing is a farce. Cameron has a lot to answer for.
WATCH: ‘For the first time it feels like Brexit will be stopped’ says Peston
Brexit may solve these things. It's a matter of opinion. Things may very well get worse for some people, and they may get better for others. If Big Business, the rich and comfortable middle class lose out and the poor working class gain, then I'd be happy for one.
This is one member of the #MainstreamMedia giving some prominence to the #JR case fronted by #SusanWilson. Other organs of the press should follow suit! Qn: How certain is it that #HighCourt will expedite case? There is a deadline!! #JusticeDelayed would be #JusticeDenied here.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
I know that Treason is off the statute books but this is an act of terror. You won’t do anything- perhaps you can wear Spanish motifs on your uniforms for a week or two?
#Brexit = Misdirection From #Austerity #Fact
Disagree
“The 27 EU member states are set to publish a further statement in solidarity with Spain at the summit, according to a leaked document seen by the Guardian.” #brexit #withdrawalagreement
I can't believe what i am reading on here. Did no one listen to what he said? Nigel is absolutely for Brexit. He does not want anything to mess that up. And yet, people are turning against him because he doesn't like what certain people are doing?Brexit is a movement no 1 person!
It´s all about keeping labour out.
#Brexit: May begs the public: unite behind me on deal
#Brexit: May begs the public: unite behind me on deal
This evil corrupted leader Her eyes tells on her!!! Her eyes are the window to her soul. "By their fruits you would recognize them." Matthew 7: 16
Because ,if you want free trade with the EU and frictionless borders Britain already has it . Brexit was never explained to people ,and in the end of the day it won't happen, better to fight for reforms from within.
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal via
You're not really about Brexit at all, you're anti-Corbyn, pure and simple, say anything to attack him. It'll be tory rule forever thanks to the likes of you. Blocked.
Oh Taiwan. Is this your attempt to keep up with Brexit and Trump in the stupid stakes?
If these claims are true, why are there so many against the proposed deal, it’s because what is claimed are not fully true. Why?because our leaving will be determined by the EU. It’s ludicrous, a betrayal of my vote to leave. Out means out &amp; EU’s behaviour convinces me even more.
I dont really like #norwayplus but it highlights the need for an #EEA -based #brexit
You said it. Proper Brexit. It’s set to get worse.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
UK and Spain agree on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit talks
If it is allowed to happen, it will be to the detriment of the average British person Those who’ve made it happen don’t care, as any costs (not seen as costs to them, as their funds are offshore for safety) keep all that matters to them protected. You’ve allowed this, #UK
Suppose this would save several £billion on the restoration.
Worth a watch ...
Mervyn King: Britain better off going for hard Brexit
Well I'll be voting for them next time if you don't listen to lifelong Tories like myself regarding Brexit! You've turned your back in us, we'll turn our backs on you!!!!
Seems UK probably giving away Gibraltar in the name of brexit? Is that the case? So much for the Conservative &amp; Unionist Party, eh, Tories! Gibraltarians loyal to UK and Theresa is giving Spain a veto on Gib... another lot thrown under May's brexit bus.
#fbpe #brexit #brexitshambles #citizensrights List of things politicians DO want #freedomofmovement for: - Fish - Money - Health Insurance - Non-EU citizens 5+ years in an EU country as per 23/109/EC Things negotiators DO NOT want #freedomofmovement for: -
At the Treaty of Utrecht, not only did the UK gain Gibraltar but "The European concept of the balance of power..became a common topic of debate"(Wikpedia) I have the feeling that the Spanish Foreign Minister thinks it just shifted against the UK...
Not counting the Jewish populations of each country - obviously. The #EU was not created because of WW2. It was created by three little countries - BeNeLux - f creating a financial union to counter-balance the US Dollar. And then greedy fascist politicians took over.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal +1 BullBot #Spain #news
Of course it was... the fact that there are no credible champions for Brexit sums it up... all our politicians are career politicians and can only spin, not do... it's a fucking travesty. The EU is not a club we need to be or should want to be in
What the #EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's #Brexit deal -
Obs: May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
might you make a video about Brexit? I grew up with the vague idea that the EU was meant to prevent another world war, so so many Nationalist movements arising so fast &amp; getting so overt is terrifying, literally causing me to stockpile food. #thatshouldntbethenorm
Wow, is about to achieve what Remainers couldn't and derail Brexit?
No. I will never back your deal. No Brexit is infinitely better than a bad Brexit.
All those slagging May off havent got a scooby doo what has been agreed or not agreed. They just believe what they want to believe without actually knowing the facts. But then most of them voted for Brexit on the same premise !
Does he back the austerity driven policies of his party devastating this country? Brexit is just one of their foes.
I don’t mean to display the smallest trace of sympathy when I say that the people who brought us Brexit hid their secrets from themselves as much as others They are as guilty of failing to face their own motives &amp; contradictions as of deceiving the country
There is no level too low or any principle these #Brexiters will not give up to get their damned #Brexit whatever damage it does to our country. They just don’t care. It is #Brexit at any cost, even if it costs the country itself. Brexit be damned!
You know #EU holds it self up as world standard in everything &amp; all others are peasants wallowing in their medieval barbarism! well why don't they tell all the 27 to have eurefs as UK did? surely be the best Democratic thing to do! #brexit #DUP18
its clear a wto brexit cant be done without a change of curtains,boris,raab DD have to work together to get a brexiteer in no.10
Or maybe Theresa may is running scared over a brexit debate
Brexit deal: Nicola Sturgeon wants leaders' debate on draft agreement
Ummm, he backs Brexit. He'd be pretty far down on Teresa May 'invite for tea and crumpets soon' list.
Good grief, and they actually believe this about their saintly leader. No wonder the country is in such a mess when his followers try to justify his laziness, apathy and collaboration with the Tory brexit. He has been anti EU all of his life, he agrees with nothing about the EU
Brexit: how do voters feel DISCUSSION - BBC Newsnight via
Theresa May's open letter to Britain: My Brexit deal works for everyone - whether you voted Leave or Remain via
It's already the case that only ppl with quals/funds can make a life in Europe. Freedom of Movement isn't free (of charge) movement.
How about sorry for trying to stop a brexit deal that would give us best of both worlds!!
Rethink... seriously. Gives way too much to the little pr'ck wannabe leader of Brexit. Seriously... rethink.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
The EU needs to put their entire foot up England's ass. Fuck the "United Kingdom" (an oxymoron if there ever was one). You want to Brexit? You can exit your colonialist, pathetic ass out of Gibraltar too, wankers.
Disappeared after Brexit to become a celebrity. Hes just an establishment talking head now
Does he ever STFU?
Someone's having a laugh. “The country must “get on with Brexit now” so that ministers can focus on what matters most to people in their everyday lives – improving the NHS, building more homes and tackling injustices.”
The is reporting on the Brexit Judicial Review challenge to the Prime Minister which I am acting in, led by Patrick Green QC and . Permission hearing 7 December
Joined Labour (membership) for him, seriously want to ram his head up his arse! I knew he was pro brexit btw but his refusal to go with member votes is infuriating. He is no better than maybot
Black Friday special! Knighthoods for sale! Just vote for May’s Brexit (non Brexit) plan. Black Friday extra special. Lordships for those with existing Knighthoods. Same price. MP’s only!
Brexit latest news: Britain accused of caving in over Gibraltar - live updates
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
Like most continentals, he doesn't care much about Brexit either way but he cares about Gibraltar.
I don't know the stats but I guess not. One only hopes that there is no post-Brexit imperative for economic emigration.
Some very good analysis from
I think theresa may have come to a Brexit solution stay stay stay
Heaven forfend!
And she has succeeded in returning us to the Dickensian poverty levels.
Royal Navy faces off with Spanish vessel in British waters amid Brexit row over Gibraltar Royal navy should issue ONE WARNING to intruders to leave &amp; next action is to put bullets in the intruders boat!
This isn’t about remainers, it’s about the incoherence of the Brexiteers campaign. You never had a plan and couldn’t even agree among yourselves what Brexit meant. You only have a mandate for ‘leaving’ and that has 17m different definitions. You blew it and this is what we get.
#brexit Ending #FOM is basically the ethnic cleansing from the UK of its fellow European Christians (notably roman catholic and orthodox), a classic case of Freud's narcissism of small differences. It is also the self-imprisonment of UK citizens. #StopBrexit
It’s not “actually Brexit” because “actually Brexit” doesn’t exist.
I lived in Dolis Hill, my brother called it ‘nasty Barnet’. That’s how we learned to be middle-class. I don’t know what my point, is but Brexit is a bad idea
Neither No Brexit and a government free of any of the brain dead politicians who have been lying about how Brexit will be good for the country
I concur #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Still can’t decide if he is simply naive, or just simple.
Brexit voters were duped by spivs and chancers. You fell for it. Let's see what you coulda had....
Gibraltar is not a problem at all We leave the EU and if Spain try to take British sovereign territory we invade Another Remainer that does not understand Brexit
Priti Patel sold the lie that the EU starved curry houses of decent chefs. She seems to have receded from public prominence lately
Sex Scandal to the rescue.
Most right thinking people in the UK don't want #Brexit- it's driven equally by the hard Right/Left-I want my children to have a future in EU-it is the way forward for the future
Imagine where the DUP vote against the govt and the brexit bill passes parliament. Imagine.
The boy has just blamed James Cameron for Brexit, bit harsh I thought, I like the Terminator films.
yer da
Dear Thank you for your letter I don't want to #Brexit and I have written to My MP to tell him so But don't worry he's on the payroll vote and more glued to the greasy pole than - so I am disenfranchised #Brexit has proved our system sucks! #bbcpapers
Hard pass.
Fuck off, ya lying bastard.....
Brexit Britain next
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
Is #Brexit a deal engineered to assist the cohesion of EU states, to reduce EU unemployment and to acquire a bit more freedom from US impositions? Or just another aspect of #neonationalism. The final act of UK Imperialism forced into becoming a small island state?
The process so far has been determined by two key factors: the EU’s unity, and Britain’s fundamental dilemma. “The EU forced it to choose between breaking the political promises made by Brexiters,” said Zuleeg, “or incurring significant economic harm."
Democracy is fluid . People change their mind . The only thing will settles Brexit is #peoplesVote
How about saying exit to Brexit?
It's an old graphic, but it seems that it has become relevant again. Let's please stop pretending Brexit is about the money.
Ok, no answer,so let's assume that Labour will campaign on a Brexit supporting platform for any GE, as you said they respect the mandate They're in power end February. Q3) How long at a minimum will negotiations for a WA take if this current deal is so poor I'll say 6 months?
Government announces free loo roll for all...
OMG.. you've just given Gibraltar away...... Falkland Islands next?! This is NOT the will of the people! Stop #Brexit..... you know it's the only right thing to do!
So sad that the Labour Leadership is enabling the Tory Brexit.....
- consider it a gift.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
You lost me in October 2016 with your 'citizens of nowhere' gibberish at the Tory party conference so it's a no from me.
Keep begging. Beg some more. That was was fun! Right, now fuck off.
'Mrs May writes a letter' is the news in Sunday's papers. I hope it's number 48.#brexit #noconfidence
£ corrected and it increased exports. You don't understand basic economics. Ark Carney is political and clearly against Brexit. He's been working hard to prove his false predictions right and record unemployment snd continued GDP growth despite more remain lies. You're deluded.
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s #Brexit “betrayal”
But I thought we have no control of our borders until after Brexit ?
Exactly as everyone knew - total and utter subversion by a whole lot of political elite
Brexit WARNING: Boris says 'HISTORIC MISTAKE' will see UK become a 'SATELLITE STATE'
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Mistake for Boris he won't be able to capitalise on Brexit if this deal goes through! That's only reason! Boris says accepting current Brexit deal would be 'historic mistake'
Me: *sitting in my chair* I'm someone who voted to remain in the E.U Now look what the prime minister has done! #Brexit
Here's a play we need to put on stage: Comedy of Errors set in a post-Brexit Britan.
Btw. all Brexit Mayhem, I took the time to watch Beck on BBC four Time well spent, excellent written, actors great, story spellbinding to end Neighbour, crazy as ever What would I do without Beck, a regular visitor a. Almost family member since 1997 Nordic Noir at its best
You must be joking #brexit
#Brexit: #Spain, #UK reach agreement over Gibraltar
What I love most about this is that when it was first broadcast there was some really aggressive reactions from pro-brexit accounts. People who presumably believe in sovereignty, getting really angry... and the person in the crowd laughing the most is their future sovereign.
Absolutely. That's implicit in the democratic notion of giving informed consent but it's not just that people didn't understand the full implications of #Brexit. It's that they were actively deceived. The referendum should be rerun for that alone.
EU taken England to a ride and struggling to get off the chain. Brexit now or never. Start British Steam Again Rule England.
Seriously, she has to be joking!
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Can I really believe that ? #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Plan A was bad enough
They blame the EU, they blame Barnier, they blame Juncker, they blame the negotiatiers, they blame remainers yet the 1 thing g they never do is admit they do not have a #Brexit plan or any way to deal with the Ireland border issue it creates.
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Brexit Isn't Working. Let Us Remain.
"At a time when Britain is behaving like a swaggering bully, threatening to destroy Ireland's economy as it staggers loudly and incoherently into the abyss of xenophobic isolation, Leo Varadkar has tried to protect his own interests"
UK and Spain agree on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit talks
I wish I had a grandparent from another EU country so I could get the hell out of this brexit mess...
Brexit WARNING: Boris says 'HISTORIC MISTAKE' will see UK become a 'SATELLITE STATE'
Brexit has fucked over the people of Gib. People said this might happen. You voted for Brexit despite knowing this may be an outcome, I assume you knew what you were voting for. This shit is on you.
Brexit-Loving Koch acolytes are getting rich off climate change denial in the UK
But May's said "No Deal" is no longer an option, but "No Brexit" is if her deal's rejected! She's blackmailing us into accepting her deal. The public may not have liked her before but l think they'll start to feel hated towards her &amp; 4 her Party too! She's been the EU's puppet!
“Corbyn &amp; far left, who spent their lives accusing Labour governments of “betrayal”, yet are ready to back a Brexit that will betray the poorest people and poorest regions in Britain. But frankly, if you haven’t clocked their political bankruptcy yet …”
Yeah, wonder why.
Whoes fault is Brexit? The politicians who half heartedly campaigned for Remain , those who manipulated the result , our non existant Opposition or the actual people who voted for whatever Brexit was in their heads. Too late to analyse it! Just stop the whole rediculous show now.
Professor Mark Elliot is too much of a gent to put it like this but he’s implying here that the government website called “Brexit Facts” should be called “Brexit Fiction” as the U.K. isn’t: • taking back control of its laws, or • ending ECJ jurisdiction
That’s my take on it too but I’ve been worn down by two years of arguing about it, and a deep distaste for Cameron and Osborne, and austerity, which fundamentally caused Brexit.
Legally we will exit in March next year - we'd have to apply to rejoin. We can't cancel it after that, just campaign for a softer Brexit at the end (eg. EEA\EFTA) and\or to *Rejoin* - That's a whole seperate legal process of it's own.
Labour are pro-Brexit. Voting Labour won't solve shit.
Beg all you like #Maybot it won’t pass. #PeoplesVote
Brexit is not about Tommy Robinson. Its about The Uk becoming a free and independent country.Why doesn't anyone get this. Nigel is wanting just that. He does not want anything or anyone to jeopardize it. So much for freedom of speech. Only if its what people want to hear i guess?
Saves time. Remainers all make the same point and all of them ignore that fact Remainers control every part of gov/legislature and PM/Heywood/Robbins went behind back of every brexit secretary.
That's Brexit for you, it was always doomed to failure, if only you and thousands of others could have seen it.
She has this backwards. She needs to unite behind the public.
#Spain agrees to back #Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, #EU
Unless Brexit somehow trumps the UN declaration of the right of peoples for self-determination, all this really says is that Spain may be in the mood for another pointless diplomatic row. Or maybe they won’t be. Not news.
I don't think it's cowardice. Looks like a Brexit agenda to me...
You could start by stopping Brexit and thereby preventing the country's economy nosediving, so that we could do more to help the homeless.
Very interesting. And don't forget to sign the Independent Final Say petition if you read this fascinating piece.
I dont think brexit will get though full stop too much division
the bitch is not listening
I don't understand...nobody here wants the current #brexit deal but that doesn't mater and it gets signed off anyway? did I miss the big vote on it? I thought it had to get voted by MPs? so confused
The People did not call for a Brexit Referendum in 2016: the Tories forced it on The People. Now that The People want a Final Say via a #PeoplesVote to settle the mess the Cameron Parliament caused; we can't have one? We'll see. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”, in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the criminal investigation into Leave funder Arron Banks.
This is the sort of article that gives me hope that Brexit can be stopped. What concerns me is the kind of Tory and Labour parties that will be standing for election after Brexit is halted..If Corbyn and his Lexit crew are still there, it leaves Tories ahead again. Hell.
Thank you for this. I’m left with the continued feeling that this will come to be a disastrous decision only worsened by the right wing tendencies now growing in key parts of the EU. While each country has always had its own view of relationships w the others as a result of 1/2
The Tories are slashing budgets for policing, and failing to properly fund the NHS. YOU are what is happening to them. And Brexit will only make it harder to recover from the cost of Austerity.
A no-deal Brexit will cripple Formula 1 and horse racing in Britain, and ministers are totally unprepared via #F1 #Horseracing
Yes please do Italy.
How about Fuck Off?
Every Brexit supporting MP has run away once they've seen the shit that is Brexit reality.
Brexit means Brexit #StopBrexit
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night | Rory Carroll
It also helps that at least until after Brexit they have food safety regulations which certain other countries lack. *side-eye at Trumpistan's lettuce*
1/ Another bad aspect of deal. It really is the worst deal in history. It hasn't given the full sovereign independence that the people voted for. It's basically brexit in name only and turns us into a rule taker from the EU. It's a betrayal of the referendum
I think anyone giving a talk about Brexit will use the word Titanic, not so sure about the other words
The remain lies keep stacking up. You can't admit you've been wrong so far and May is not delivering Brexit. She's delivering remain+++
- Stuff it! Theresa May's open letter to Britain: My Brexit deal works for everyone - whether you voted Leave or Remain via
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas:
Raab: "We can give the Irish government assurances that the technology and mutual operational cooperation would be put in place, before we exited, to guarantee no return to a hard border" Hardly the "legally-operative" backstop to which UK agreed
Very true. But Putin's message of inevitability is far from true and even laughable. Vote out the GOP, Trump, and cancel Brexit. Then, go after the billionaire enablers - the Kochs, Mercers, Murdochs, and Devos's. America is not for sale.
Certainly hope it's true!
Bit ironic that most of the hard Brexiteers are actual big ol‘ softies who either ran away and/or have no #Brexit solutions of their own.
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL ....
BIN THIS BREXIT! DUP tells Theresa May to scrap deal in eleventh hour intervention
Remainiacs in charge of Brexit, what could possibly go wrong...
"i) moving the Labour party against Brexit " lol "ii) mobilising the young against Brexit " how exactly? What metric proves what you are doing is better than a placebo?
“If the unpleasant rhetoric was amusing, the sheer length of time the UK took to publish its Brexit white paper was frustrating, and the ultimatums (“my plan or no plan”) and clumsy diplomatic attempts at divide-and-rule were annoying.”
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal ReutersUS
Strictly compared to Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder -
"does the president have a secret plan to fight inflation?" #TheWestWing #BarletForAmerica
No. Bannon is behind it, so it’s a disaster for democracy. UK has been manipulated by one bad hombre.
Also could you imagine what would happen if Nicola Sturgeon or Carwyn Jones refused to be interviewed by 2 of their regional papers for two years.
#bbcpapers going full tilt tonight in backing #TheresaMay #Brexit deal. I cannot see it getting through Parliament.
This is absolutely the reason #Labour will not be forgiven. Please retweet, and fight for your rights to live, work, retire, and remain in the #EU and in the #UK
Hi Delyth, thanks for taking time to reply. You’re not the first to have said that since I posted. Glad we can agree on fighting #Brexit and hopeful with time &amp; action that trust is rebuilt.
A brilliant brexit bonanza of front pages on tonight’s #BBCPapers
They can bother fk off across the channel. Think Paris is bad. It is nothing to what any EU business will fave in the UK if Brexit is not delivered
This is why we need brexit ma man
Wow, so quick to throw Gibraltar under the bus... can you feel the sovereignty?!
#Gibraltar "captured" from Spain by the #British 1704 ...so it's Spanish ...really #Brexit
BIN THIS BREXIT! DUP tells Theresa May to scrap deal in eleventh hour intervention
Dude, sovereignty remember?
your letter to the people! Shove it up your ####! You stopped us EU Brits voting in Brexit. You dont listen to us. NHS funding and cheap foreign labour are YOUR fault. We must stay in EU - UK politics must listen to the prople. Saudi, environmet....
Andrew Gwynne MP Verified account Andrew Gwynne MP Retweeted Josep Borrell Fontelles So in a tweet tonight Theresa May says she’s “standing by Gibraltar.” Spain says the Framework is “highly...
I hope so. BBC has become mundane and biased. I honestly think the whole Brexit question has not been fairly or even handedly reported. It upsets me that top calibre journalists have failed to unveil most of the reasons why it is a very bad idea.
This one might be even funnier.... why would they be seething if Spain had "backed down"... why has the UK issued a statement if Spain has "backed down" ... why didn't they just ignore Spain?
Are they available to negotiate Brexit?
The writer Alistair Moffat, who has developed the script with the artist Andrew Crummy, said the work would not take sides in the Brexit debate
Send Jeremy Corbyn too... make him realise the need to stop Brexit through a #PeoplesVote PDQ!
Thats the thing....no one ever mentioned taking a hit. Brexit was only about upside. Easy deal. They need us more than we need them. German automakers will be knocking on Merkels door demanding FTA. Article 50 was triggered before the cabinet had even discussed Brexit.
See! We’re all “different” and visibly so.... #theMinority #minoritiesHelpToKeepBusinessesStrong
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Italy may destroy EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row
People who talk about brexit trying to act smart annoy the hell outta me. Shut up its not even real
In which parallel universe does #TheresaMay think this is a good look? Pure displacement activity before a parliamentary defeat. A well earned defeat #EU #Brexit
The difference being that to retire to Spain now you need to prove you have a home there and an income of €7K. Post Brexit income €26K(single person) and comprehensive private health insurance. I daresay you'll be OK but most pensioners won't qualify. #ImAlrightJack
Brexit is a cockwomble.
Terrific, see and in the UK and maybe they can help report this huge story, they are terrific and unraveling the BREXIT scam by Cambridge Analytica and other actors.
But you will still support Brexit, having abstained, weaselled, slimed, and crawled along the fence for 2 years while the UK was destroyed. This is as much on you as it is on Tories
I want to #StopBrexit because #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaws and told lies. Also, I value the protection of a supranational organisation free from the electoral cycle. Oh and I value Peace and Freedom of Movement.Brexit, a right wing con
Brexit tea bag stockpiling?
EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News ... via
Ann Widdecombe accuses the UK of running up the “white flag” at virtually every point during EU negotiations. I agree!
At least with Corbyn there’s a chance of Brexit.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
Doesn’t matter what Ken says -silly so and so that he is
Anytime anyone says the word Brexit I immediately think they are saying breakfast...
Good Evening, Eu Parliament and Commissioner's... The High Court has said. Theresa May, failed to act on the Information that was revealed into the Leave Party's corruption, They will Hold a hearing to see if The Brexit will be Voided.. That means, your Deal could be pointless
I don't support her brexit
No its not. Not where Brexit is concerned. Where the hell have you been for the last 2 and a half years. What a twonk.
#fitout #refurbishment #demolition #strip-out #environment #trees #ceilings #concrete #london #brexit #fencing #gates #doors #retaining walls #hardscape #drainage Connect with me on Linkedin.
Fuck. off. Maybot. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
What I find amazing is that all those that voted for Brexit didn't include in their calc the intense complexity of neg'g exit based the divisivness of the issue in and out of Gov. The mess of exit will be far worse than stay because despite vote a clean exit never had a chance.
Brexit and the last election have really passed you by, hasn't it? With the help of the BBC, no doubt. Why don't you check out some polls around Labour's last manifesto pledges. It might as well be 1977. Neoliberalism is zombie politics.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
post-brexit uk
The Brexit Blog: Reflections on the Political Declaration
UK badly needed help to carry out #Brexit suicide. Best help to #BrexitShambles suicidal is to help prevent it or limit the #BrexitChaos damage.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Ex-British FM Johnson says Brexit deal like ‘Titanic’
Fulham have spunked a lot of goodwill up the wall with those awful clapper things; Brexit castanets. #MotD
'UK is a colony!' What the EU REALLY thinks? Shock BBC outburst reveals Brexit 'defeat'
Theresa May urges British public to back her Brexit plans in extraordinary open letter
Most of tomorrow's papers splashing on May's plea to the public via a letter to back her on brexit. Sorry love, you're on your own.
I hope we do but I'm afraid May will get her Brexit (even if she has to sell her soul to the devil) regardless of "the will of the people"!
It would be good to know your comment on this article by whose position you once supported #facepalm
Voices of Brexit: Far-reaching impact on ordinary lives
More lies. When will she STOP lying to the British people?!! This farce has got to stop. She needs removing.
What Winnie says:
Theresa May warned that winning Brexit vote will be as hard as beating Barcelona 3-0 down
There are sometimes local councillors who are nice kids but, errm, beyond their skill set shall we say. Just occasionally as a demonstration that probability proves that some really unlikely things happen one, rises way beyond the level normal odds suggest
No deal is better than a bad one #brexit
DT Angus B MacNeil MP: RT Angus B MacNeil MP: Question is ... what are we going to do about it ?
Tony Blair offers his 'wisdom' on #Brexit in : "I know politics too well, particularly European politics, not to know that you will come to an agreement on Brexit." Pro-EU Blair wasn't exactly a success at the European level. And yet the advice just pours forth.
Completely! LOL! Yes. 10000% Meghan is also colluded with Russian's because she's secretly a double spy! Meghan also is working SECRETLY to undermine Brexit. She's also having this this baby so HE can grow up and become the President of the USA.
I want to #StopBrexit because #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw and told lies. Also, I value the protection of a supranational organisation free from the electoral cycle. Oh and I value Peace and Freedom of Movement.Brexit, a right wing con
#Spain Lifts Threats, Clearing Way For #EU Summit To Approve #Brexit Deal
May knows that ‘political declarations’ mean nothing in this context, but puts so much store in them in the WA
#TheresaMay writes 'letter to nation' insisting #Brexit agreement works
#TheresaMay writes 'letter to nation' insisting #Brexit agreement works
Doesn't a certain Breixter just get his children German passports? On and the other one has dual passports with America (as I am lead to believe) Both will be on the first boat out of town come the final Brexit deal!
Why didn't you ask to negotiate Brexit ?
Brexit means brexit
Brexit-Loving Koch acolytes are getting rich off climate change denial in the UK
'UK is a colony!' What the EU REALLY thinks? Shock BBC outburst reveals Brexit 'defeat'
The best way to avoid a chaotic Brexit is no Brexit at all via
Remainiacs in charge of Brexit, what could possibly go wrong....
Has #Brexit happened yet?
Any MP who votes to support ‘s terrible WDA will risk deselection or at least lose their seats at next GE
Another can kicked down the road. This is turning into a blind Brexit. No rational prime minister or MP would agree this is acting in the nation's interest. Only in the fullness of time will we find out who Theresa and co are actually working for, cos it ain't the British ppl.
I heard she said something honest recently. This has yet to be confirmed
I think Theresa May wanted the worst deal because she never wanted to leave the E.U in the first place #Brexit #ITV
#M5S #Lega #Salvini #DiMaio #FutureofEurope #Brexit #Italexit #Nexit #Grexit #Podemos #Melenchon #Catalonia #Merkel #Macron #Juncker #Tusk Sunday's summit provides the impetus to negotiate
Prime Minister pleads for people to back her #Brexit in heartfelt letter
How Europe became the funeral pyre for Tory leaders
Is this the first time Johnson has been to Ireland?
Meanwhile...
I can't really even begin to express my utter contempt for this . I will never get behind any vision of Brexit other than abandoning it.
No one is childish enough to gloat if that's what you are thinking. We've already moved on to planning what sort of Britain we want once #Brexit has finally been dumped. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #FinalSay #StopBrexitSaveBritain #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
#Brexit deal will leave #UK in pitiful place, says DUP leader
Sails hoisted on wind from gnat’s fart klaxon!!
She's not. She's a victim of her circumstance. Thatcher was the worst. Ever. Forsyth wrote some good books but so fuck.
Prime Minister pleads for people to back her #Brexit in heartfelt letter
Telegraph #Brexit LEAD: ‘Secret Brexit Plan B’ #tomorrowspaperstoday #Brexitdeal #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos #Marr #Ridge
The Latest: N Ireland party leader rejects #Brexit deal - Miami Herald
The Latest: N Ireland party leader rejects #Brexit deal - Miami Herald
If batten n tommy is such bad news for UKIP surely it’s good news for your little group so whats ur problem!? What’s onenation done to save Brexit exactly??
EU need to be in the same position. Brexit can't effect on EU. Americans are always with European. Otherwise recession will be in the world again.
Feckity feck this halfwit is mental
is whether there was Russian shenanigans, dark money &amp; Brexiteer lies
Or... Maybe: Sacrifice everything, in the vague hope we'll salvage something. #brexit
Mom says they`re gonna turn Kent into one huge truck park for big burley Spaniards and Italians and Germans ..... wah ... think I`d better take a cold shower #Brexit
Yes it's stupidly ignorant and self centred pomposity. Ending free movement primarily affects UK citizens who will no longer have the free right to live and work in Europe. EU citizens will still have freedom to live and work in 27 different member states.#Brexit
#stopbrexit because no deal will be anywhere near as good as membership of the EU. An aspirational ( if imperfect) organisation that has brought only peace and prosperity. The 2016 referendum was sham democracy based on lies, cheating and fantasy. Brexit solves nothing in the U.K
Ireland and France create new direct trade routes and will bypass Britain- new routes will be supported by EU to mitigate impact of Brexit on Ireland - bad news for British ferry ports #stopbrexit #joblosses
That would be a nice christmas present. :-)
Brexit
It's a simple fact. You are against the UK Brexit plan, so are the EU and Remainers.
They need to stop with the repetitive shite. Same crap, different day hoping to keep the Brexit blinkered faithful lined up to jump off the cliff and pull the rest of us over with them. It’s nonsense. A joke. #stopbrexit
It’s the same bullshit again and again. It’s like saying ‘Brexit will give you 2 free weeks in Thailand, but hey, we forgot to tell you, you can’t come back.’ A pure huge con from start to finish.
Leaked EU fishing rights statement heaps pressure on May
In all honesty #Brexit , wasn't that a vote to remain or leave the EU? I don't remember voting on all the decisions following the result or being involved in the negotiations? Maybe blame the voters for voting to leave, but the public servants are screwing up the negotiations.
Andrew Coyne: What would possess Andrew Scheer to endorse this Brexit madness? via
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Italy may destroy EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row
Government accused of massaging immigration statistics in run up to Brexit vote
Rubbish. Most U.K. trade is with the EU or countries with EU trade agreements where tariffs are zero. While Brexiters massage their fantasies, #Brexit is already reducing UK GDP by about £40 billion a year.
The only time my vote has counted was in the referendum (I have always lived in #safeseats so I have never been able to choose an MP - selection committees do it for me) I was in a group 48% strong - which in a GE would give an overwhelming majority #bbcpapers
Interesting piece by / Objective and informative
"Rather than divide and conquer the EU, Britain has shown how isolated it always was, an island nation that never embraced the European integration project and at best misread its own importance to it." #brexit #EU27
“We have received sufficient guarantees to be able to reach a solution to a conflict that has lasted more than 300 years between the United Kingdom and Spain,” #uk #spain
The idea that Brexit means leaving the EU is a social construct. Brexit can also mean staying in the EU.
The head of UK customs Jon Thompson has confirmed that in the event of no deal, no hard border will be constructed in Northern Ireland. This follows Leo Varadkar’s repeated statements to the same effect. The Irish border issue has been utilised for political ends #Brexit
"How about nooooooooooooooooooooooo?"
You don't really bother with facts do you - like the rest of your 'little Englanders' that support BREXIT. Sending live animals abroad could mean a journey of 10 feet in Eireland/NI! Pity we cannot send you and that dickwad Rees-Mogg 'abroad'
Thanks to #brexit you now have lost the right to retire in Estonia. And Lithuania is out too. I will cry myself to sleep tonight.
Tha migration pact, is already signed. That’s why you hear of countries like Poland and Australia withdrawing from it. So, unless and until our PM takes a stand, we are still bound by this surrender. Potentially worse than Brexit...
"Renewal and reconciliation" She's about to make the division in this country much, much worse. She's totally lost it
Well, less foreign footballers will be allowed into country after brexit,so maybe Amazon will pay more then to make up the shortfall
Better start buying yellow vests
Dianne abbott is a nice lady . however as a labour supporter I cringe when she is in the TV in any political debate. she is a reason why people will not vote for labour. she needs to retire in my opinion.
WITH Arlene Foster, is our hero tonight! Gutsy N.I. leader backs democracy and rights of ord. ppl., GOD BLESS HER. Thanks of Br. ppl. sent to you. #borisjohnson #boris johnson Brexit.
A note to Mrs May: Thank you for the invitation to support your Brexit deal, but when it so obviously leaves everyone in the UK worse off it does have the quality of junk mail, and that ends up in my bin. I regret to advise that your invitation is heading the same way.
In MaySpeak-'Honouring John Hayes was in the interests of the British People and will not have any effect on the outcome of Brexit negotiations'
Good, but not holding my breath.
That wd D-pend on level of ejoocation, qualifications etc. For the majority of ppl that voted for #Brexit, they wdnt be entitled to work in Europe even if we remained. Not clever/ejoocated enuf, silly.
So is this part of the #fakeNews campaign 2 brainwash the populists ideology out of ppl worldwide? By convincing them THEY were brainwashed by Russian propaganda? Mauh, ha, ha, ha. U don't get it, u never will, which is y u wont win. #WalkAway, #Brexit, #Blexit #WETHEPEOPLE
Great !!! So you'll be voting be voting down the withdrawal agreement / brexit deal ..........beat news I've heard all day
Sir Alan Duncan : If he thinks the problems of Brexit are too difficult for the Remain Camp to solve, then they should step aside &amp; leave it to those who have more faith &amp; confidence, the answer is, not to surrender, but to fight for what you want
Gibraltar voted to #Remain in the EU by 96% - and they've just been given a taste of what it means to stand in the way of Mrs May's Brexit juggernaut. I'm sure if they'd voted the other way they'd have had extra helpings of cake.
“That is a strong part of her motivation — that and doing the right thing, in the practical, provincial English way.”
However, there may still be hope:
it's almost sad ....
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Italy may destroy EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row
#Brexit is going really well isn't it.
New Brexit plan revealed, also known as...
That’s possible , but we have the chance now to make a go of the British Union through Brexit . Your comment may be seen as Hubristic as the EU may also collapse. I think one is more likely than the other.
And quickly
This IS NOT an inevitable consequence of Brexit. This is the consequence of an EU Loyalist Government in the process of thwarting a democratic choice. Shame on you.
Ribbit.
Expenses scandal, Iraq war, Afghanistan war, terrorism, Libya war, Syria war, Saudi Arabia, austerity, Windrush, PFIs, gold selling, Poll Tax, privatisation, miners strikes, credit crunch, bank deregulation, immigration and the straw that breaks the camels back - fucking Brexit.
May has successfully sold Britain down the drain for selfishly clinging on to her job as a failed PM! Her #Brexit deal is a disaster despite committing to pay £39 billions. Parliament should reject her deal and call General Elections or replace her. #Brussels #NoDeal
May’s Brexit deal kills hopes of ban on live animal exports, campaigners warn 24/11/18 11:30GMT | Jane Dalton || Inde
Maybe there is a god
More to the point, these people AND the Tories can now clearly see how Brexit is already disrupting and ruining lives, causing job losses and risking health, but STILL THEY PUSH IT. The whole lot of the fanatical self seeking bastards just don't damn well care.
Therefore nothing to respect in result, and if Parliament or Government decide Brexit is harmful to government they can just cancel it! #revokeA50 now - no legitimacy in referendumvand no benefit to country (lots of harm instead)
Theresa May has broken most of her red lines, to kick the #Brexit can down the road, hoping that we will forget about it. We are paying for NOTHING!
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit #usedcar #japan
wondering how the residents of Gibraltar feel right now. They have been sold to Spain and in doing so tied us to the EU. May must go now #Brexit
I note that Brexiteers are fond of the word 'vassal' or derivatives thereof. The dictionary shows it directly beneath Vaseline, which is itself below vasectomy. Is it possible that their fingers slipped when writing they were their speeches about post-Brexit Britain?
Or the British people that voted for brexit 2% majority gave it away , its nothing to do with the government as british people we should have realised our status that was fought for by our grandparents was one of leaders of Europe/world not isolated #PeoplesVote
Brexit was orchestrated by the Kremlin in order to weaken the EU and place Soviet satellite Germany as the primary power in the EU. Merkel is a communist agent advancing the Kalergi Plan.
NO. &amp; no matter how many times you ask the answer will always be NO. I voted #Remain, not changed my view since ‘75 when I voted ‘stay’. So many things wrong with #Brexit so little space to write it
Blame that on Brexit?
Fact is it ONLY ends free movement for UK citizens. European citizens still have free movement in 26 other EU nations. #BrexitReality #PeoplesVote #Brexit #NotBuyingIt
You are a bunch of Nazis and we want to break free. We loathe everything you stand for. Elite NWO cabalists. Let Amber Turin Bilderberg Rudd go and live in your Fourth Reich. Leave us decent lot alone.
Very important to note FoM will still be an option for the wealthy, those of us classified as the 'liberal elite' by the Brexit media will however, not be so lucky. Our little island also will be culturally and economically impoverished without our EU cousins
Brexit: Theresa May writes 'letter to nation' insisting her withdrawal agreement works for 'whole UK'
Nailed it! Nigel Farage (lipstick on a pig)
Boris Johnson backs DUP in demanding Brexit backstop is scrapped
I want brexit... and hax not gone through parliament yet....
England, the coloniser, now feels colonised by the immigrant....Fintan O'Toole's new book
If you send me any more of this crap, I'll report you to the Police
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal via
How do we know ?
I blame Brexit
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of #Brexit summit
Come on, John! Time to smell the coffee!
Breaking News Scott ...
Never #StopBrexit #NoBrexit
Surely the way out is for all MPs to insist on a free, unwhipped, non-partisan vote on whatever deal/stay in the EU. Brexit is not and should never have become a party political issue.
Mom says we`ll all be forced into horse-hair knickers once Mogg has established his theocracy. #Brexit
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
If you’re an IT Manager in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
This is a new one, but sources have just told me Jersey has been given full sovereignty to France now, as part of Theresa Mays endless giveaways to the #EU #TheresaMayDeals #WithdrawalAgreement #PoliticalDeclaration #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveNotAppease #leavemeansleave
And what would be the problem with that? Funny how #Brexit supporters crow on about being a 'colony' of the EU but they are quite happy for the UK to keep its own colonies. #Hypocrisy
A load of bollocks from the and just like they deny and lie and so blatantly and they have become a moral free shameless party destined for political wilderness.
Dear you have sold out the UK yet again. You’re done, none of us support you anymore, and we the party members are sick of you and your remainer ideology and backstabbing of the UK #RESIGN
You don’t think if we go against democracy that those that voted for Brexit won’t kick off?
Of course it's a Brexit issue. On many levels, the debacle over Gibraltar speaks directly to the naive and shallow thinking behind Brexit and to the unseemly rush to get a deal at any cost, however ruinous.
Clobber any and all poofs and foreigners in sight. True Brexit warrior!
Mike, can you answer one simple question.. What would be on the Ballot? Would it be binary or multiple choice? 1st, 2nd or 3rd preference? The only #PeoplesVote we need is a #GeneralElectionNow
What about Brexit duplicitous ???
It’s deeply unhelpful. I’m not sure if if it was arrogance or stupidity tho (see also: Brexit)
Exactly David - Farage is repulsive
Poor old Gibraltar , Tories don't do loyalty #VoteLabour #GeneralElectionNow
'It appears'? There are polls which suggest the opposite is true, as people are sick to their stomachs of the shenanigans of the EU Apparatchiks. Whinge all you like..Brexit is going ahead, you would be better served if you got behind it and not trying to sabotage it.
So much for the next "brains of Brexit"!
could the "approved subject to referendum" option still be on the table for the meaningful vote? As described in Constitution Unit's flowchart in September
Brexit was wrong to begin with. May is trying to implement a bad idea. The British people are realizing how bad Brexit is and how worse things will get if Brexit is implemented. Brexit is a “lose lose” deal for everyone.
- sadly yet again you are conspicuous by your absence you should be opposing dyed in the wool #brexiteer incompetent as he betrays the core value of protecting jobs &amp; workplace rights with his facilitation of #brexit which will destroy both
Can we just like not fucking Brexit. Cba it’s gonna be shit
Every thinks the same
The ERG left itself open to ‘ridicule and abuse’ days Nad, the needle-sharp MP who was complaining that we’d have no MEPs after we leave the EU Life is full...
Get in the ******* sea!!! May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
you never had ANY ball at you're feet , more people go to a second divison game of football than gibraltars population ,, you have more faces than big ben
and after brexit we will enjoy that again
Don’t ask how Brexit happened
You haven't got a hope in hells chance if reports are true. Your lying through your teeth to everyone. .
Maybe #PeoplesVote won't be necessary if illegality fully exposed High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Is it fair to assume that the negotiating team currently working on Brexit will be the ones negotiating future trade deals with the rest of the world?
Unexpectedly poignant moment from on ITV News as he points out this could be one of the last times we see the UK sit at this table #Brexit #EUSummit #TheresaMay
For Brexit:
That pretty much describes Brexit in its entirity, Tom. 'Not an ideal look'... but your newspaper and your proprietor have been astroturfing about it for years... Own it.
'EU accepts Theresa May's #Brexit deal." Really? That's more than anyone in the UK other than Theresa May (and people knighted by Theresa May) does. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Anyone know view on Brexit? I don't have a clue what he stands for on Brexit
More than happy to provide *please check the date*
Thanks Rory, have listened to your comments. We are still polishing a turd from both the remain and brexit points of view. Lets go to WTO rules and get on with it. #WTOBrexit
This would be nice - and absolutely just.
Leave won, get over it. It’s the will of the people. Stop moaning and get behind Brexit.
Labour - crashed the economy. Tory's - Cut everything instead of investing. But most people will just say Brexit as no one ( or ) want to take any credit for the mess they have left things in.
This is beginning to look genuinely pathetic.
Shameful display of how low British influence is now thanks to Brexit. #PeoplesVote ://amp.theguardian.com/politics/2018/nov/24/brexit-may-gives-way-over-gibraltar-after-spains-veto-threat?__twitter_impression=true
White Europeans will never replace the white Britons with Victory in Europe again akin to that against the Germanic devils with #BREXIT. The Pagan Gods of the White Britons have saved them for eternity!
Hey nothing to worry about. As soon as we show the Brits what real food is, they'll feel so confused they'll start to hurt themselves.
Or maybe someone making an ‘utter twat’ of themselves simplifying &amp; stereotyping Brexit votes as being cast because ‘we hate the Germans’.
Brexit: Theresa May writes 'letter to nation' insisting her withdrawal agreem... +1 UKBot #UK #news
You’d never have to buy me another Christmas present for as long as I live. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit
Fantastic performance from the awesomely talented #Brexit sign language interpreter - she communicates what is really going on!
Theresa May's Brexit deal can be salvaged if she relents over Irish backstop, Dominic Raab says via Why do I get the feeling Dominic Raab is an airhead? You can’t get a deal UK wants but EU doesn’t. It takes two to tango.
Someone facing prosecution is still better than ’a performance with #brexit! At least he believes in this great country that we live in! A country that consists of NI England Scotland Wales and Gibraltar! Someone would never give them away for Xmas to EU!
And, incidentally, it's why she DGAF about Britons abroad. UK xenophobes think of us as traitors and almost as bad as foreigners. Mind you, that has always been the UK attitude. It's only forgiven if you return to the UK filthy rich.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
The whole party is sinking to unbelievable depths. Otherwise they would have ousted her by now.
I like this bloke. He speaks some sense sometimes
As 600+ MPs hate May's #Brexit, it is now clearly just the will of one person. A true dictatorship.
If one wanted to know whether the draft #Brexit agreement of had merit one could ask an insurer for an all risk policy to cover all losses if the deal went bad. I think it would be regarded as an uninsurable risk where loss is inevitable. #Leave #Remain #MayMustGo
New Brexit Plan B Revealed (Also known as...
Tories out of course, but with Corbyn (I joined because of him so corbynites don't even!) It's not gonna happen, he is pro brexit and his refusal to budge proves it l and he's not playing the long game just face it ( I tried to fool myself with that) keir is the way to go
#Brexit Makes me so sad. In a world with so much division why would we want more? United we stand... #PeoplesVote #Europe #Remain
I want to stop Brexit b/c our membership of EU is a good thing. Many of the ills of UK are not because of EU. Dark forces who wish to deregulate and profit have manipulated the unhappy and forgotten ppl of this nation and weaponised them to their own ends. It’s criminal.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
The Leave vote did not mandate an immediate end to free movement. It was an instruction to Parliament to form an immigration policy - and be democratically accountable for it. #Brexit
The French take to the streets about fuel prices. Our country and our future is being destroyed by and we sit and do nothing....... #Brexit #Tories
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
LOL... Fuck off mate. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
At least with Corbyn there’s a chance of Brexit. And 2 years in at least we’ll have reminded the young why socialism doesn’t work
I agree about over confidence. I feel absolutely unconfident about any vote over this issue. I think there is a trend, I think a number of people have seen that trend too. As for polls, I will find them and pass them on. The remain and brexit votes are slightly diverging slowly.
England, the coloniser, feels colonised and hense Brexit.. .
I’ve never heard of/seen that site. I can find you a video of a nutjob that said in an interview he will move to Mars if we #Brexit Does that mean he represents all Remainers? You still don’t get it. The nation voted to leave. Remain tried to keep us in with lies, and lost.
NYTimes, 1938: Hillary Clinton, 2018:
Court case to rule if referendum was won through fraud and, consequently, if Article 50 could be quashed:
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal #stopbrexit
Our wonderful Isle of Wight health service would be in a poor state without a diverse cross section of staff at all levels and from all parts of the world. Let's hope we can keep them after the conservatives brexit.
'Don't destroy Theresa May,' Boris Johnson told the DUP. 'Let me do it for you.'
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Despite #Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda
I might, for the first time in many years, be celebrating Christmas.
You have been living in fantasy land. #EU is a rules based system. And it wasn’t us who mentioned cake and eat it #Brexit and sunlit uplands and 40 trade deals in a day and we hold all the cards and BMW will be straight on to Merkel etc.
Blamed for *blocking* Brexit.
"Nothing. Has. Changed."
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
I want to stop Brexit because it is complete and utter madness. It's an act of self harm brought about by the self-serving Tory party. #StopBrexit
It isn't capitulation. No deal is a gift to parliament as it is the end of Brexit that is why they will vote against Mays plan.
Theresa May's capitulation over Gibraltar today shows just how weak the UK has made itself due to Brexit.
Stormont is not the only devolved institution in the UK. Brexit is not a devolved issue so really does not depend on the devolved institutions. All parties across UK have met with May to set out their position anyway.
Banned 4 times so far, all for pro Brexit views
Except, of course, anybody that abstained in #EURef was effectively saying, "I'll go along with the majority" So that increases #Brexit vote to about 25m
You also claimed that "Brexit means Brexit" you a lying treasonous, poisonous bitch.
Still no letters of no confidence?
the only people that will benefit from brexit are the same elite class who ensure they are there to benefit from all situations. those who work for foreign investors will be the one's who will suffer.
Not to mention the 48% who voted to remain who, despite everything, still have to live here after Brexit.
Headline and photo have made me laugh. Is that Snarlene on her holidays?
May’s Brexit deal kills hopes of ban on live animal exports, campaigners warn 24/11/18 11:30GMT | Jane Dalton || Inde
He will find it hard to light a match when in a straight jacket. These gob shites are all puff.
You re always preaching to others to take responsibility for their actions. Isn’t about time u practised what u preach! Ur Brexit, ur chaos!
In an early age May and her cronies would be rounded up and #HungDrawnAndQuartered
Can we just like not fucking Brexit. It’ll be shit... cba
She does indeed seem to think that. The BBC, Guardian and FBPE types all told her that people only voted to Brexit because of immigration. And she believed them. More fool her.
Harry in Waltham Forest fighting for democracy.
Why would you have "no brexit" as an option? There's been a vote for that already. You shouldn't have any of those options. We need new leadership. Led with a pro Brexit pro Britain manifesto to get us through this.
The most succinct way of putting what’s happened in the last few days with the farce that is #Brexit #MayMustGo
What will #Brexit look like next year?
Brexit will literally destroy life on earth.
… , nah, thanks.
Hmm, this isn’t going to help unless we actually get a chance to vote. (And mightn’t help then). May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Spain's deal on Gibraltar clears way for Sunday's Brexit summit European leaders resolved a last-minute disput...
On the: I never tweet news - Inspired by The Wealth of Nations. &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Join the dark side! Short Bitcoin. Already at +600%. Join Huawei. Not sure what to make of Faketoshi. Time 4 No deal Brexit; May OUT. Derren Brown was cool. On the tasty Laphroaig.
One way of clearing up the meaning of Brexit, ...
Sunday Telegraph "Secret Plan B for Brexit" No No No It's a secret plan to fight inflation* *Sorry just taking a Sorkin moment In reality the B probably stands for buggers everything up even more
secondly brexit would only be half decent if the ruling class actually had a plan for what to do afterwards. they clearly dont have a clue.
The BBC has unilaterally decided to accept all Conservative Party Brexit aims and goals.
Brexit is just dumb. So many people around the world openly mocking Britain. Thank God I have another option. Ok, Trump's in charge of my option at the moment but that dumb fuck will be in an NY State prison soon enough
Didn’t think I’d get to the point where I’d prefer watching rolling repeated news on brexit #manutdsaga
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - BBC News
Let's remember here that May has said many defiant and foolish things - in the course of being thrashed from pillar to post by the EU - which turned out to last roughly as long as a geriatric ... mayfly.
The endgame is no doubt along the lines of 'Brexit means Brexit'. Never real an 'endgame' because you can never be shown wrong. Point is, this is all politics. Wait long enough, people change, OFSTED changes, Spielman changes, policy changes. The next important thing takes over.
No they’d have been cast adrift completely
Theresa May warned that winning Brexit vote will be as hard as beating Barcelona 3-0 down
Sorry it ain't happening Theresa, yiu sold out fishing industry, gave peferential deals to NI &amp; Gibraltar but shafted Scotland everyone got something out of Brexit except Scotland, now we're getting closer to Scotland calling #IndyreRef2 to #DissolveTheUnion once &amp; for all.
Theresa May's capitulation over Gibraltar today shows just how weak the UK has made itself due to Brexit.
How about an Exit from Brexit? You know it makes sense.
It's what May wants out of #brexit
Brexit deal: Nicola Sturgeon wants leaders' debate on draft agreement - Nichola just needs the lime light for her ego as she not a Westminster MP and feels left out. Doesn’t care about the UK only the next SNP Independence push !!
Theresa May writes 'letter to the nation' insisting her Brexit agreement works
I think of part of the reason for the EU's negotiating stance (far from the only one) is that, oddly enough, 'North Korea Brexit' (or variants thereof) is much less of a threat to the EU than 'Free Market deregulated utopia Brexit' is.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas Speaking from this side of the pond....a do-over sounds grand (2016 election)
You said it. Proper Brexit. It’s set to get worse.
Yes I get you want Brexit. But why do you want a European Army? I mean thats just not good, historically@
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde:
Let's see how NI handles a hard brexit
Because the Torys never intended to deliver Brexit. Destroy them at the next GE.
After she's treated the public with utter disdain? Cheeky cow.
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
What is it about supporting Brexit and bad hair?
Brexit is more of a shit sandwich than a burger
On the draft Brexit deal: Support: 23% (+8) Oppose: 45% (-6) via , 19 - 20 Nov Chgs. w/ 15 Nov
#Brexit can and will be stopped. There is time to legislation for it, there’s time for a people’s vote, there time for us to revoke article 50, and there’s time to rethink. Jeremy, May &amp; the rest of the brexiters just want it, which is why they deny this. #PeoplesVoteNow
It’s a hard pass from me Theresa. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
If this is the case she must resign tomorrow. At the latest..........
Yeah I heard you also said Brexit means Brexit. That isn’t true so nothing else you say must be true. Voters revenge awaits Tories. What a legacy!
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
n an early age May and her cronies would be rounded up and #HungDrawnAndQuartered
Maybe he didn’t know where it was...
That's some read - thank you though
It's almost as if Brexiters didn't think Brexit through, had no plan whatsoever, and don't understand history. Who'd have thought? #Brexitshambles
By going ahead with Brexit, on the basis of 2016s referndum, Treeza can surely only expect, at most, 51.9% of Britain to 'unite behind' her. #kinhell #Brexit #uhno
After 2.5 years is this really the best the leader of project Brexit can do to sell the idea? Tragic we've come to this
The Brexit deal needs to be renegotiated. Here's how - CapX
You can’t have a whole world philosophy centered around only one idea, that which is #brexit It’s too simplistic and insulting to average Brit, that if anyone discusses izlam they will lose votes.
#Brexit progress may turbocharge Poundsterling $GBPAUD $GBPUSD $GBPJPY #elliottwave
Really? Far from democratic? So what about Brexit?
Tony Blair, slayer of thousands, a poodle to George Dubya says..... I give him some credit. He is a recruiting Sergeant for Brexit.
NEW #Brexit and IP Rights update from 's Graham Burnett-Hall &gt;&gt;&gt; #intellectualproperty
Brexit: Now it’s getting Messi.
May has set the stage to allow the EU to parade UK as an example like a prisoner of war to the other inmates. #Brexit #betrayal
Well said . Still can’t decide if NF is simply naive, or just simple. His initials are appropriate too.
Brexit means Brexit means Brexit somebody's leg
RobNols, Brexit is dying because its crap.
No it's not. Wanting to control migration - especially low-skilled migration - isn't bigoted, it's far too little far too late. I'm surprised you didn't refer to it as racist.
Brexit. #Strictly
We can only hope Parliament doesn't let this #BrexitBetrayal pass. #Brexitnow
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Never. I will never back and her shameful Brexit deal which is a national humiliation for the UK.
‘Some time in the next few years, the backstop must end. Indeed, the EU is already trying to put a time limit on it’. Linked piece abt time limit refers to transition, not backstop which would only come into play after transition. How do PD *aspirations* override ‘frozen Brexit’?
Joel's House Party, The Party ready to sort Brexit and your Saturday #extracamp #imaceleb
Hamish McRae: Brexit? We started it 15 years ago
Hamish McRae: Brexit? We started it 15 years ago
Ann it makes ME ashamed of my Government.
Non stop hatred, Trump retweets, and Brexit shit. #betteroffoutofit!
Can we just hope that the entire Brexit mess turns into Queen’s Greatest Hits then all will be bearable.
#Brexit was always damaged goods. What you sold did not exist. And it never will, so don’t blame the guy who has to bear the brunt of it. You’ve got back control. Why won’t you take it?
Yes, because #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
Will be receiving a job lot of Union flags from the #EU soon. They don't want them anymore apparently. Offers? #brexit
Let's not forget, Matthew Elliott arch brexit merchant was a founding member of "The Tory Friends of Russia" an organisation they had to close down because it was nothing more than a propaganda tool for Putin
Amazing. Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row | Politics | The Guardian
#brexit - Dear Britain............”If I publish this letter in The Express it will reach most voters, yes?”
their vote was faulty, too
Apparently thinks we can "put aside the labels of ‘Leave’ and ‘Remain’ for good", and "get on with Brexit now by getting behind this deal". Yet again, she fails to understand the strength of emotion.
Insurer unveils #Brexit fallout plan to 'take back control' of your finances
Insurer unveils #Brexit fallout plan to 'take back control' of your finances
I think she is either mentally unfit, or is being led astray by her Europe team. The woman should not be PM
Diane, whereas Corbyn &amp; Labour failed their grassroots, did not. He believes in social equality &amp; fairness, fought for our rights! Loads of Lab. voters voted Bojo for Mayor, will vote for him as PM! #PeoplesChampion #borisjohnson #boris johnson #Brexit
the bit that doesn't appear to have sunk in,Christopher,is that half the UK thinks that Brexit is a good idea,and that half won.
How is it even possible that the aim of Brexit is for a piece of meat, a car part, an insurance certificate and an investment to be able to move more freely within Europe a human being can. Has our country completely lost its mind?
Swear the only good thing to come from brexit is that I won’t have to hear the word brexit again
i am weeping Sir
#Brexit deal dead on arrival!
The British have their myths as we do. Brexit is their 1916. We should stand back and let them get on with it. Look at us - we were nuts to leave the British Empire. And yet we did. Your analysis is spot on. But neglecting pure English nationalism. It is “a thing”.
The Suez humiliation was ordered by President Eisenhower. TM is doing Brexit all on her own.
Now you are mocking Brexit.
On a lighter note, my daughter who will be an EU citizen for at least the next 16 years, is currently eating socks. #brexit
Sunday Telegraph reporting “Plan B” idea of Norway-style relationship is being plotted as alternative to draft #Brexit deal amid growing expectations that it will be blocked by UK parliament, while ’senior EU figures’ are war-gaming scenario to extend Article 50 exit date
You will be friends with us because we have given in to your every demand, very shroud negotiating, maybe you can teach how its done. #brexit #eugettingthebetterdeal
#Strictly Worst Prime Minister?? Please RT for wide audience. #Brexit #Labour #tories #LeaveEU #GTTO
"“The British side had a number of misconceived opinions about this entire process and its own position.” Any sympathy for #Brexit among other potential European rebels was short-lived. European capitals rallied behind their negotiator, Michel Barnier"
I this picture Manchester tonight with no filter. Brexit might be poxy, but that sky is class
Will Doctor Who be any different after Brexit? #DWBar
I thought this was already Plan A
Politico : Northern Ireland’s other unionists
There's that, and there's the fact that a lot of old mining communities voted for Brexit. The one I used to live in wasn't too welcoming to people moving their so they could "steal their jobs".
Dear , have you learned nothing over Brexit? There is a union in name only. We cannot and will not support your deal.
My favourite position until we consider the political ramifications.
Mandate for what? ‘Leave’ has 17 million different meanings and seeing that Brexiteers were incapable of putting together a plan or agreeing on what Brexit meant it’s a complete shambles.
Well, given that Brexit was a Russian intelligence operation, fueled by lies, fear, and propaganda, maybe chill the f out, and stay in the ONE REMAINING ALLIANCE that keeps Russia from rolling over Western Europe.
Can someone remind me why we’re going ahead with #Brexit ? Still seems like a bloody stupid idea.... #justme ?
Fuck off maybot Gibraltar wouldn't be an issue if it wasn't for brexit nor would the Irish border just in time manufacturing or the rights of EU citizens nor would 100 other issues your government is incapable of dealing with.
If ever there was a reason to overturn this govt. this is the buffer from the worst of the cuts. #SOCIALISTSUNDAY #JC4PM #EM4FM #Brexit #ToryCutsKill #ToriesOut
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Thank you Arlene Foster.
That's the 'good riddance to brexit' party sorted! I want to grow some in a container in t'backyard.
Don’t worry Kate, your legacy is safe. You will forever be remembered for your support of Brexit.
It will only be when Brits travel to an EU Member State post Brexit will most realised that they have thrown away the right to move freely and then they will regret their choice! Probably after pondering for a long time in a long Third Country queue at the borders!
Great if true. Norway/ EEA. Fine. Let’s just do it. I’m getting sick of Brexit.
If we do go to war with the English, we should invite them to drink, offer them our beaches for burning their skins and give them the highest hotel rooms with balcony
On Brexit, Theresa May’s undoing may be Europe’s salvation
If La Rioja breaks Brexit, it would be epic
where you been since the brexit vote in a coma or have you had alzheimers has labeling people racist and thugs stereotyping at its finest bury your head in the sand you sellout shill sold out for a pound note shame on you
My guilty secret. For today at least I actively favour Brexit without a deal over THIS deal, let alone no Brexit. I argue it out here:
I'd love to prevent #Brexit happening by any means possible, but am I alone in worrying about (fudging, as I see it) the legislature/judicial interface here? It's ironic (I think that's the word I need) that 'sovereignty' means whatever you want it to mean.
Says it all. I voted Remain but if we respect the vote it should be down to someone who believes in the concept of Brexit to deliver it. This government has just dithered and embarrassed itself for two full years wasting any chance of making a success of a bad idea.
'Give up SOVEREIGNTY to EU' Merkel's swipe at UK amid threat to DERAIL Brexit. And they said ''join the Common Market'' only to make trade EASER!! Once you signed your country away,you have to jump as COMMANDED..
CALL #GE2018 NOW
The greatest irony is that it is the *Conservative* party that has set the ball rolling for the final collapse of the UK into ignominy. The UK is truly becoming a second or even third-rate power. If it wasn't London's role is a finance hub, the UK would already be there.
The sooner this traitor disappears from public life the better. #MayMustGoNow
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #brexit #PeoplesVote
Whoa. This is a BFD.
What do I think about #Brexit ? #BorisJohnson! First want to, then run #away and now #he's back. It was #easier, #right? How good Theresa May was there.
Come back and vote remain. Brexit is a disaster for for UK. there is no holy grail deal. All Brexit options have massive downsides, and there are no upsides.
How is it even possible that the aim of Brexit is for a piece of meat, a car part, an insurance certificate and an investment to be able to move more freely within Europe than a human being can. Has our country completely lost its mind?
Beg until you choke. Hell will freeze over first. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Theresa May writes 'letter to the nation' insisting her Brexit agreement works
Kate is, apparently, astonished to discover other countries' leaders will put their own nation's interests first. #TakingBackControl
If we Brexit, Labour's dreams (which I'm in the Labour Party to work for) will stay no more than dreams for another generation. If we Brexit, many more will die. The Brexit which Corbyn has promised is a fantasy, that will change nothing.
Will be receiving a job lot of Union flags from the #EU soon. They don't want them anymore apparently. Offers? #brexit
I’m disappointed with Corbyn’s stance on Brexit but most of all I’m just disappointed that he has no political skills whatsoever.
The pressure would be on UK politicians in a major way. Domestically, the ref has always been the "Decision", the "Vote". etc. In A50 letter it is the main motivation. Elsewhere May wrote "the decision (Miller) only changes the way we implement Brexit". etc. Let's see :-)
That's very high for a UKGov stat
Check again after Brexit. The main reason we don’t get food poinsoning is because of EXCELLENT EU food standards. Guess we’ll have to drink even more to make up for it...
An absolute star maybe you can also sort out Brexit and be the next #bbcqt presenter with kind of ad lib skill.
Have you ever seen a congregation of slimey lizard bastards like it in your life?
The point is Britain’s weakness all generated by Brexit.
“This #Brexit agreement DOES NOT represent the people of the UK.”
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
UK Parliament seizes cache of internal Facebook documents that contain revelations on 2016 Cambridge Analytica scandal which affected Brexit &amp; the US election
not gonna work, you'll all be drunk by that time
My motto for tomorrow, also the words of Freddie Mercury: “I want to break free, I want to break free, I want to break free from your lies, you’re so self satisfied, I don’t need you” #DonaldTusk #Brexit
This bitterness will only grow and should make a hard Brexit all the more tolerable. A couple of spiteful digs by the French to take the spotlight off their woes should do it.
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
has not yet negotiated with EU she has just accepted everything they have demanded
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
Anyone want a reason why she's fighting for Brexit when 600 MPs and 70% of the country don't want it? Not any old racist, but a racist who stands to profit from it. Happy with that? Anybody, Remain or Leave?
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit -
“It must mark the point when we put aside the labels of ‘Leave’ and ‘Remain’ for good and we come together again as one people.” Theresa May. In the words of the late Dr Ian Paisley. “NEVER, NEVER, NEVER” - you will own your mistake you hateful witch #brexit
I want to #StopBrexit because we are an open, liberal, inclusive democracy with a global outlook &amp; #brexit makes us look as a country inward looking, xenophobic &amp; small minded
In an early age May and her cronies would be rounded up and #HungDrawnAndQuartered
Alan Sugar calls Jacob Rees-Mogg 't**t in a pinstripe suit' in Brexit rant via
Brexit: Theresa May writes 'letter to nation' insisting her withdrawal agreement works for 'whole UK'
Apparently, barnier has been saying, that they gave Theresa May the deal she asked for, no wonder she's fighting tooth and nail to push her traitorous deal through parliament, what a disgusting stab in the backs of the good people of the U.K if this is true..
Anyone planning to retire abroad after Brexit has been well and truly shafted. The health insurance is a show stopper unless you're utterly minted. Was no problem while we had reciprocal agreements...
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal -
Theresa May warned that winning Brexit vote will be as hard as beating Barcelona 3-0 down
Theresa May willing to compromise the integrity of Britain yet again. The EU is particularly important for Gibraltar, yet this agreement threatens British sovereignty, which must be upheld as long as the people of Gibraltar wish it to be so.
Brexit May begs public: unite behind me on deal
That'll be a 'no' from me. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Joel's House Party, The Party ready to sort Brexit and your Saturday night. #extracamp #imaceleb
Here are the screen shots...
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
while conveniently ignoring that brexit itself was an act of economic aggression "give us a special deal or your economies will suffer" brexit was always doomed because their maths skills were inversely proportional to their sense of entitlement
Thanks expert
If we agree to this disgraceful #BrexitBetrayal then anything we have left will probably have to be given away in talks on our future subservience. WTO terms are all we have left for a proper #Brexit - and that’s all we need to prosper. Time to say goodbye to the EU. #SkyPapers
I suppose Trump is to blame for brexit...wake up losers.
Just get on with it and stop the gasbagging #GeneralElectionNow
Whereas this one racks up a fortune investing other people's money, Somerset Asset Management (new post brexit office already established in Ireland) &amp; inflicts his 'greater knowledge' upon the masses whom he never encounters. Sickening.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
... After the 18 months we are in a similar position we are in now, hoping the EU agree to a free trade deal or a WTO Brexit. #BrexitDeal …
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
Watch this excellent 2010 documentary and learn I know those Brits who voted for #Brexit don’t care about their fellow Brits in #Gibraltar but others should spend 52 mins to educate themselves on the history. #Spain #Brexit gibraltar
You don’t care about animals
Does the long form version include a scenario where the ECJ rules that A50 can be unilaterally revoked around the time of the first vote in UK parliament. That could mean that amid the markets melting down the govt revokes A50 to get stability back...
Brexit was sold as having your cake and eating it. Well tough. Reaping what was sown.
It takes 25 working days between dissolving Parliament and holding a General Election. So no, Jeremy ‘Brexit no matter the cost’ Corbyn couldn’t be PM by Christmas. Reality eh.
#remainers getting all upset about the Spanish being bought off with a possibility of regaining Gibraltar should get real. There is little reason why the UK should have any rights over Gibraltar. For the record I am pro staying part of the EU and think #brexit is a dumb idea.
Theresa May has completely let down all our fallen heroes. Disgraceful
Theresa May goes down as the new Mag Thatcher and Tony Blair as the worst prime minister in UK's history! #Brexit
Campaign builds to force Corbyn’s support for people’s vote: As shadow ministers break ranks… #Brexit #ClickBait
May begs the public: unite behind me on #Brexit deal: PM writes direct letter to British voters… #Brexit #ClickBait
Fuck em then
Brexiters accuse May of #Gibraltar betrayal ‘under cover of darkness’: Concession ‘may be the… #Brexit #ClickBait
Just did some exposure...I watched the news, it was filled with my fears; murder, stabbings a brexit! But I did it! Screw you ocd. #ocd #exposure
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal Why ?
excellent. lock up the frauds too. eating all the tax payers money over the last two years. put Gove in prison, let him see what it is like to be in a prison in the shit state he left it in. he will be on spice by Christmas
used to listen to BBC Radio 4 all the time. When i was in the lab, travelling, working abroad, commuting. However, since Scottish Independence and then Brexit, I can bear to listen to the bias.
This deal delivers for nobody. It’s worse than deal we’ve already got with EU, it won’t bring the country together, it would mean #brexit will go on for ever. Although I am opposite side to my MP I will find him hopefully voting against this travesty
This is a duplicitous comment. A huge number of Labour votes were due to mass tactical voting in an attempt to destroy May's majority. This was despite Labour's brexit stance, not because of it.
#Brexit The political nightmare you just couldn't make up.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
This crap is why you don’t allow foreigners to govern your country...
Then #Brexit UK can jump off #BrexitShambles cliff as EU 27 will never surrender to ignorant deluded idiots.
My money is on Nicola Sturgeon. But i still want answers to my indy questions. Step up to it
#Brexit: #Spain, #UK reach agreement over Gibraltar
#Brexit: Theresa May writes 'letter to nation' insisting her withdrawal agreement works for 'whole UK' #news
“High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas. Judges poised to fast-track explosive legal challenge after Theresa May’s ‘failure to act’ on growing evidence of illegality” !?
Delicious
Trying to blame this on Brexit is rubbish!! We are still in the EU !!!
And fuck her Brexit deal.
Two Brexiteer ministers in the Brexit job?
No. You can't have your cake and eat it. When you leave #EU, withdraw from treaties, you resign from your own commissioner and MEPs. So simple, so obvious #Brexit
At a time when Britain shot itself in the foot while simultaneously screwing Ireland over, it expected Ireland to then come to its aid.
#Brexit can never be a good agreement. #LaSilenciosaCat
EU tensions brew behind Brexit: Eight countries ganging up against Austria and Brussels
No chance May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May’s ‘pitiful’ Brexit deal
Maybe the high court will declare Brexit void and you will all have to thank bloody Arron Banks for it. That would be the very pinnacle of irony.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Wow. How thick do you need to be to make this argument. Much of the brexit fantasy was simply deceit. We know that now. As for the rest... It was attempted, it failed; because it was fantasy.
They should hang their heads in shame frankly
Take a whiskey and s***the*uck-up Ireland, this is OUR Brexit...
*Polishes up the crystal ball*
It is a consequence of Brexit. Because we joined EU b4 Spain they had to accept our position and there4 no closed border with Spain that existed for many years under Franco. As we have chosen to leave Spain now controls the position so the border can close again if they decide
My 8yo asked me today what I am doing to stop Brexit. Whoa, I thought that sort of reproach might come in 30 yrs when we all take stock of what today's young are about to miss out on. #ExitBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
F*ck no.
BOLLOX TO BREXIT
brexit, charlie rose and a star is born .... just perfect love this show
So scary that it’s not a party or a Parliament decision , I mean Brexit is not just a Tory thing is it ? And yet all other parties wish to stir it up &amp; make it difficult , it’s insane .
Parliament can amend other legislation going through Parliament to have a Peoples Vote. e.g. There are still at least 2 Brexit bills that need to be passed by exit day, those can be amended.
Why on earth should we believe and trust this woman who has lied, lied and lied again, deceiving the British public and her own ministers, to sell this country down the river?
The argument that May hates is the People don't want Brexit anymore. Personally I'm unsure the majority of people wanted it in the first place. The silent, lazy majority thought it'd not happen, so didn't vote. They'll vote next time though!
Can Britain Stop Brexit? via
One more chance before it becomes an electoral non-starter. Is Nicola waiting until Brexit becomes such an obvious, catastrophic mis-step that Scotland can't but break away? Until the case for Scottish independence becomes irrefutable? Waiting for the electorate to catch on/up?
#TheresaMay urges British public to back her #Brexit plans in extraordinary open letter
#TheresaMay urges British public to back her #Brexit plans in extraordinary open letter
Yelland's former newspaper has a great deal to answer for over Brexit. Frankly, I wasn't greatly enamoured of that shameful organ during his own editorship.
When summing up Teresa May's Brexit performance, the one word that stands out is, 'DUPLICITY' in all its forms
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
...Brexit that would make them say ‘OK, enough is enough, we cannot do this’ then they have no purpose. If they have decided that the average voter is more qualified than they are and their decision, however non specific and undefined, is final, then what is parliament for?
A lot of them will need to stop rolling about laughing at the level of ineptitude and sheer incompetence of the combined forces of the British State as demonstrated so clearly by Brexit. It’s been like an old fashioned English farce from the start. Well done Westminster.
Good heavens, what a surprise.
A no-deal Brexit would be fine if we’d made a proper plan for it and had, say, 40 trade deals already agreed and ready to be inked. It took us decades to become enmeshed in Europe. Cameron’s attempt to neuter UKIP has led to this calamitous rush to achieve the impossible.
But she’s right. Brexit is not a rational thing, it’s a belief.
Neither Corbyn nor anyone else can implement policies which will cost money if all the money has been thrown away away. *Any* Brexit will do that.
This is excellent from , especially regarding the need for a progressive alliance (the only realistic option to keep-out Cons under FPTP) though sadly there appear to be too many on the left who detest the Lib Dems even more than they loathe Tories.
Andrew, please ask Blair about his betrayal of non-nationalistic England, his botched devolution to appease Celtic nationalism and how it contributed to Brexit and the rise of the EDL.
In nutshell:- A) gov cancel Brexit. labour and cons get fxxxxx @ next election. Ukip resurrection = we leave again B) gov leave on wto. remainers get majority = we go back in. C) gov gets mays fix = gov neutered = stability democracy dead.
There is no smoke without fire...deny it all you like but this investigation is progressing..
Five Ministers to Seek Softer #Brexit if May's Plan Fails: Times
The stupidity of it, lets hope JC sees it like you do. #PeoplesVote
Five ministers to seek softer Brexit if May's plan flops in parliament: Times
bit worrying that Spain &amp; rest of EU are so quick to accept the #Brexit plan. DUP, * whole host of mp's are against it. So,, I assume it's not in our favour then.
"May faces backlash over concessions to Spain" #Brexit
Five Ministers to Seek Softer #Brexit if May's Plan Fails: Times
Anne Widdecombe is wrong #Brexit Britain has not run up the white flag, Remainer May and spineless MP's have run up the white flag. #Brexit Britain is still fighting.
2/ Third, live exports is a big issue but importing lower welfare products in a hard Brexit would hugely outweigh any benefits from prohibiting live exports. Fourth, the government has already backtracked on banning live exports in the summer.
REVEALED: Theresa May admits Brexit Britain could be forced to pay MORE to Brussels
Been there since the referendum was announced. #treatchery #Bilderbergers
Ultimately some people are making money out of all the uncertainty surrounding Brexit. Mrs May &amp; her cabinet have done very little to solve the issue of how we leave etc. To remain is a dream and to leave feels like a death sentence to UK
Perfect synopsis of Clintonism here...
Gibraltar is still only a relatively minor part of the UK’s woes from Brexit. The DUP tail is wagging the dog once again, narrow ‘self interest’ is rife and Scottish independence is coming closer. A once great empire is being brought to its knees.
Nope. Still FoM
Has forgotten to mention EU Military Unification(google)? Has May already given CONTROL of all our Military to EU hence NO #Brexit ? Call him Sun 10am
Brexit means Northern Ireland and Republic reuniting. Scotland going it alone. Gibraltar then going into Spain as UK sinking like the Titanic. So much for the Union being secure.
This. A million times this.
Sorry beg all you like - I will never get behind any type of #brexit deal. Your party brought about the divisions caused by #brexit so you can live with the divisions you have caused. for decades to come... we are a Dis- United Kingdom....
We need real public service broadcasters across the 'U'K to replace the British Brexit Corporation. The BBC sadly must have it's charter and funding removed, if you're not meeting or even working against your remit you only have yourselves to blame. Sorry
Lets call it what it is, a SURRENDER DEAL. The EU had and has no need to negotiate anything even remotely resembling a TRADE DEAL because we are to be tied to the EU (for an unspecified punishment period) and beg to be readmitted into their ghastly and corrupt Superstate #BREXIT
Funny that, It's almost like they have seen...
Brexit designed to bring the working class to heal. Minimum wage will be exactly that.
It doesn’t help that as an old Brexit supporter, Lineker is hoping I die soon
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk says deal 'will avoid hard border'
May is selling you out. If she can lose Gibraltar our fishing industry is easy.#maymustgo
It already has ans will again, but it's not part of the UK or its CU (or indeed the CU of EU, which is a big problem if the backstop ever kicks in), Brexit is a disaster for its citizens and its economy and why they voted to remain.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent -
No... brexit meanz out ... nato is a different issue. Unfortunately some pay less than they should...
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
“Why is the Prime Minister so desperate for a deal that she is willing to humiliate her country in this way?” - Martin Howe QC on May’s “atrocious deal”.
Nailed it.... #Brexit
AS I TOLD YOU
#Brexit will be the millstone around any governments neck for decades. The fight to rejoin if we leave and leave if we remain will go on and on and on and ... Goodluck and goodnight.
Convince me. How is Brexit going to improve my life!
Oh please Argentina, now is your moment to save the UK, and kick the whole mouldering edifice of #Brexitshambles down. Take the Malvinas.
How long did it take for the Brits to wake up
With luck, he might be leaving his freedom behind too.
What's Science trying to tell us about #Brexit ?
You might say the same for the Tory Party the Fall out from Brexit will lead to new Parties were independent MPs are in the Majority with Proportional Representation being demanded end of elected Dictatorship
saying ‘we just leave on the 29 March, now Prime Minister, your duty is to ensure the maximum stability possible when we do that, get on with it Prime Minister.”
And don’t forget about this case:
It may be overturned yet
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Just watching speaking at the conference. Surely there has never been another politician for whom buses, whether bendy or Brexit, have played such a defining role in his career.
Explosive stuff.
The Euro volatility continues after spitting back in the channel weekly as Tenkan tries to cross up - structure influenced by #Brexit and #Italy - $EURUSD #Forex #Ichimoku Levels and #MurreyMath Grid
Selfies while hammered or a 1 hour #brexit documentary . Your choice.
Someone has spelled ‘nearly’ on Facebook as ‘nele’.... that’s enough Internet for one day #brexit #edl #tommyrobbinson
They don’t actually care. Neither does Brexit means brexit. Even if brexit means selling Gibraltar to Spain and NI back to the troubles.
Brexit busts the Zen weekend but still as Theresa May says let not talk about Brexit anymore ... look to the future!
Brexit might be the whisky, but the People’s Vote is the service revolver and we all know which one matters most in that equation.
I’m with you not happy with on #Brexit mind you the #labour ppc is about as useful as a chocolate fire guard mr #no-opinion on Brexit he has more opinions on trump and zero on Brexit
#Junker and # Spain grabbing this deal with both hands is a big tell it's not a good deal for #UK
Couldn't agree more. Time to scrap Brexit!
The Brexit referendum was FRAUDULENT.
This is a great article from Just keep reading. I’ve done a few tweets to suck you in, but if you, like me, keep asking “how did we get here” just read on...
Well, he should put his letter in of "No Confidence in to the 1922 committee now!
The World's Most Dangerous Downhill Ski Race | Streif: One Hell Of a Ride #growballsbritain #brexit
The bull**** builds up so fast reading letter you need wings to stay above it. #brexit
Give me a vote that isn’t undermined by lies first. Give me politicians in jail for lying in the the referendum. Give me a #PeoplesVote. Until then, fuck off.
I want to stop Brexit because it ruins Britain! Economically, culturally and reputationly. If in doubt look at the character of those who support it. Uncaring, lying, unintelligent, nasty, and often racist
Fucking hell is awful, more annoying than #brexit and #TheresaMay combined. Bloody hell
Last week, I signed an open letter organized by the anti-Brexit campaign group Women for a People's Vote. The let...
And the stupid people of the GB let her do it
We’ve all heard the arguments over how Theresa May’s Withdrawal Agreement and Political...
Can only assume this is precisely what people wanted when they voted for Brexit. I will never understand why so many are filled with so much hate.
Unfortunately those that thought this was only about the EU are going to be amongst the first to complain &amp; certainly the loudest when they find that a) the EU has taken over in ways they don’t like &amp; b) politicians they vote for aren’t actually in power #Brexit #accountability
How many more chances are you giving the PM. Now is the time for you and all your Brexit colleagues to resign en masse from Cabinet. Lock yourself in a room with Boris, Davis, Raab and don’t come out until you’ve agreed who will run the show. No deal is just fine.
Donald Tusk recommends EU leaders accept Brexit deal - but Theresa May still faces opposition at home
In the midst of the Brexit madness, reminds us of the goodness that resides among us.
Check out what I found. 100% Organic Shea &amp;amp; Cocoa Mix Hair Body Nails Skin Moisturiser 300ml-720ml via #UK #organic #skincare #sheabutter #coconut #cocoabutter #haircare #Brexit #hempseed #teatree #lavender #Jojobao #castoroil #Rosemary
How long before May is denounced for selling out the Rock to Spain? Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
I’ve been against saying “stop Brexit” for the last two years. But now I don’t give a fuck. Fucking stop it now. It’s completely reckless and makes absolutely zero bloody sense. All this to satisfy the wet dreams of a few right-wingers of reestablishing the empire. Fuck right off
#EU's Tusk recommends that EU approves #Brexit deal on Sunday
3/ Many of these issues are discussed further in this paper
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Aye, it would have been easier sell if pursued from the beginning rather than Lancaster house, which means due to the inevitable compromises many now see no deal as the only true brexit.
Well said . We knew exactly what we voted for, we voted OUT pure and simple. #Skypapers That Muppet beside you needs to stop saying everybody had a little different idea of what #Brexit was. It was In or Out, no qualifications said Brexit means Brexit
'Don't destroy Theresa May,' Boris Johnson told the DUP. 'Let me do it for you.'
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal via Cave in to UK’s blackmail will most certainly break up the EU. 27 nations are watching the consequences of leaving. If UK got a sweet deal, who wouldn’t follow suit?
My money is on Nicola Sturgeon. But i still want answers to my indy questions. Step up to it
UK has power 2 economically destroy Eire by cashing in debts owed 2 us. Time 4 revenge, as VaBADka clearly hates UK
The most time consuming part; tracing threads to 9 other documents within the 300+Articles and 19 Annex's. As with all others, yes, there's room for improvement. #Brexit #EuropeanUnion #WithdrawalAgreement
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
As opposed to #Brexit which drags Remain supporting Gibraltar and Scotland out of the EU. But hey you guys never bother with facts do you...
What's left to give to Italy Mrs May? #FreeForAll
More than consequential. Tescos decline is because of competition, not because of Brexit.
when is she getting dumped?
Philip Hammond 'will quit the Cabinet and take five ministers with him if Theresa May tries for a No Deal Brexit'
I voted leave, but we didn't have a choice for more informed granularity, so how can she fully know the reasons why peopled voted the way they did. We have to put some trust in her to guide us through. #proudtobebritish
Yes I think it has. A few haters and liars have poisoned people against the EU. And must people don’t even realise even now how much good we get from the EU
Another fine mess Theresa's got us into! #Brexit
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
Otherwise we’ll be here for ever...!!! Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - BBC News
Philip Hammond 'will quit the Cabinet and take five ministers if Theresa May tries for a No Deal' #brexit
Anyone else think we shouldnt leave at all now?
The actual Draft Brexit Proposal.
What did you expect? Brexit means Brexit after all.
It's pathetic to see Irish politicians looking to post Brexit England for any solution. And shocking to see a High Court judge involved. Shame on ye entertaining this for your own validation
some dude on tinder just earnestly called me "so smart" because I'd heard of brexit and oh yeah this is pretty easy hey
Another Tory unleashed: Brexit their un-monitored uncensored paradise. In 1979, Chope was Leader Wandsworth Council - Maggie's flagship LA. Does Chope answer survivors of child abuse in Council Homes &amp; why their files are missing? No, of course not.
May 'to announce curbs on low-skilled migrants' in bid to win vote via - If you think that's the driving force to Brexit Mrs May, think again. Its about everything and control of this country by a foreign power. You just aren't getting it!
Help and goodwill is like respect. You have to give it to get it.
May says Brexit day, on 29 March next year, “must mark the point when we put aside the labels of ‘Leave’ and ‘Remain’ for good and we come together again as one people”. Never going to happen without #InformedConsent #PeoplesVote
Your decision to ignore the many sectors in Moray affected by Brexit and your Party’s broken promises re our fishing communities are angering many folk in Moray as is your unwillingness to say if you’ll back May’s deal.
DUP leader Arlene Foster says her party will not support Theresa May if backstop remains in the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
(CC ) you can't beg me to support any brexit deal! It will never be better than what we have now! #DontBackTheBrexitDeal MPs have a duty to protect the country, even if it means protecting voters from their own worst enemy ... themselves! #StopBrexit
Ella Whelan peddling the old Brexit biggest mandate nonsense and presenter fails to pick her up on it.
I bet many Americans wish for a ‘void’ for Christmas.
The main reason for voting for Brexit was to regain Sovereignty. Sure some money is to be paid. But not necessarily all at once and up front. May’s negotiating is a humiliation.
Indeed, Brexit in name only, much like how the Conservative party is Conservative in name only ...
What? Not even when you were a brexit minister? And Suella Braverman? And David Davis as your boss? You - all three of you - didn't attempt the brexit you wanted?
So, two countries that voted Remain, get screwed over and "sacrificed" on the alter of Brexit. Blimey.
Just been watching imagine John and oko Lennon the lyrics still resonate today in this Brexit time, imagine no countries, no need for greed or hunger? The EU despite its faults has given peace in our time. So sad we are throwing it away.
Philip Hammond 'will quit and take five ministers if May gets No Deal Brexit' via
"I think Brexit should happen so we can have fewer foreigners" "I also think Brexit should happen so we can have fewer foreigners" "I like Venezuela" "I don't like Venezuela"
It’s kind of cute that the “classic liberal” leavers still think that the vote was driven by anything other than disliking foreigners...
Another strategic #brexit leak?
Has #Gibraltar just been sacrificed at the altar of #brexit?
When we worked on #bestbrexit4u we engaged with pro-Brexit and pro-EU supporters : staying in the EU or a Norway style Brexit emerged top-we weren't too far off -no one could have predicted hybrid CanaWay #Brexit -really not an option
#Brexit: May begs the public: unite behind me on deal
Good.
Brexit is a poisonous cesspit of vile racism promoted by assisted by Welcome to the new LabToryUkip UK
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
Not any more
Just once I'd like to see one of those market stall holders interviewed on a Brexit vox pop say "To be honest I voted Leave to get rid of the EMA. I fucking hate that Medicines Agency. Good riddance."
Brexit latest news: Britain accused of caving in over Gibraltar. "Asked if Mrs May had been forced to climbdown, a government spokesman said: 'No. If she climbs down any further the Australian Government will detain her on Narau.'"
That would be perfect. The irony is strong in brexit.
Blair has been one of the sane voices on Brexit, but this article is awful. It says nothing at all about the "way out" promised in the headline until the very end, when it says "give us a deal, mainly on immigration, or else". Is that it? Seriously.
Another excellent question...
Oblivion, caught in a trap, Brexit for ever and ever. Amen It’s what we voted for? #PeoplesVote
Theresa May's surrender deal creates a cliff edge in a year's time according to Jacob Kirkegaard, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute. A WTO Brexit is now the best option. The CBI is a propaganda tool of May's zombie government and is consistently wrong on everything.
Increasingly thinking the Spectator is a very, very well-funded brexit fanzine
The issue with the British is that they're too arrogant to take responsibility for their actions and always shift the blame to others.
Prime Minister pleads for people to back her #Brexit in heartfelt letter
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Can we really trust her maths?
God I hope so. Someone needs to be a grown up and stop the pointless stupidity and self-harm of Brexit.
How about if we keep Gibraltar but give Basingstoke to the Spanish instead #Brexit
If this happens it will be a terrible message to leave voters.
Excellent news
Not what you voted for? Too bad, as it’ll be the price of a lopsided deal w the US. It’s actually being invited by leading Brexiteers (see link). Why do you suppose so many US vulture capitalists were so keen on Brexit?
Not Brexit. It looks like TM has handed all sovereign power to the EU. Perhaps both sides have lost.
There must be aome Kompromat on the man. He is not acting rationally
Why Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The U.K. via
It'll never get through the Commons #brexit
who is ready for that Corbyn government?
Theresa May unveils brilliant new strategy to keep Corbyn from being UK PM. Give bits of it away til there’s nothing left to be PM of. Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop'
Here’s hoping RT : Everything crossed #UKEUchallenge
Maybe they are holding it as a Brexit tax.
In so many ways Brexit is Barthes’ death of the author
I'll Use the #Brexit argument here "Shetland is part of Scotland and Scotland voted to remain in the EU" Union Is dead John iditis like you killed it not the snp.. Imagine hating ur country Scotland so much.
The latest The iNker Lite Solutions Daily! #publishing #brexit
Gibraltar Deal Clears Way for Sunday Brexit Summit - #jewish #israel #news #judaism
Why Theresa May is determined to press ahead with Brexit when there is strong evidence that the referendum result was fraudulent.
What we should’ve done with Brexit is just make everyone who voted to leave, leave
On the BrexitCentral podcast this week, John Longworth – Co-founder of Leave Means Leave...
Corbyn facing another front bench revolt. "Corbyn facing demands to hand power over Labour Brexit policy to members by holding emergency conference on endorsing a second ref." Campaign builds to force Corbyn’s support for people’s vote
If you’re a Business Analyst in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
I have some very serious concerns about Brexit. The UK government have failed to convince themselves and the UK that it is in the UK's best interest. They claim to have examined all options and should therefore undo Article 50 and fix the problems with the EU as full members.
So much for “they need us more than we need them”. The most fundamental mistake of the Brexiteer crew has been their total misjudgement of the balance of power and leverage in this relationship. #Brexit #Stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
Macron can keep his cars. He's more noted for wines. Merkel makes good cars but so does Abe. If we get screwed with Brexit, I'm inclined to buy Abe's cars instead. Plenty of non EU wine producers. However I'm sure the EU protectionist customs union will ensure we end up buying EU
If Chancellor Philip Hammond thinks the deal is better than #EU then dont sign. #Brexit and #No
How about May actually listens to the public. We don’t want brexit
There’s nothing to stop us holding our politicians to account on immigration (from outside EU) now and never has been. Brexit won’t esolve that.
Christmas cards are so convoluted these days...
What are the odds on May &amp; #brussels tinkering with the wording to make it appear backstop has been dropped? Trade off for #gibraltar #brexit
Too little too late, and too many other news sources out there in 2018. I used to trust BBC reporting, not any more. No wonder Tony Connolly of RTE got the Brexit deal scoop.
Call me a cynic but they're in the shit over Brexit and with talk of civil unrest guess who they'll need to dig them out of a hole. Yup, the police so let's start a charm offensive to get them back onside. Too little, too late I'm afraid
This is a great example of how two different parties (no matter whether they are corporations or countries) can work together and compromise to strike a deal. Negotiations are essential in the world of both PR and politics. #COMM428PSUFALL18
Really? I guess you only hear what you want to hear. Others realise they were conned with promises of a post-Brexit paradise that will never happen. All polls show a move against Brexit... But I'm sure you know best
The end, in this case, is 29th March 2019. A friend wishes the other well when they choose to go their own way. They don’t seek to tie them down to be an obedient inferior just because they might do better going it alone. A controlling relationship is not friendship. #Brexit
At the rate The UK is sacrificing its territories and risking the break-up of the Union at the altar of Brexit, I wouldn’t be surprised if Argentina rocks up to Brussels and successfully gets sovereignty over the Falklands.
Nah. Brexit belongs to you, all of you and no one but you Brexiters.
NO NO NO!! #NotWhatWeVotedFor Theresa May still does not understand what Brexit was about. #Freedom #Liberty #Independence #Democracy the right of a Nation &amp; it's people to be the masters of it's OWN destiny. The 17.4M will NEVER accept this rotten sellout
Thank God.
truly this will be the biggest loss for the nation in the instance of No Deal
My point is, there is no event too insignificant for you to use, to promote the second referendum which would be the worst imaginable thing to happen to this country (and I say that as a Brexit-neutral).
Jeremy Corbyn is facing demands to hand power over Labour Brexit policy to members, by holding an emergency conference on endorsing a second referendum. #PeoplesVote
#Brexit has made me ashamed of the country I was once proud to call my own. Unless we get off this soulless path of #ThemAndUs thinking, it will become the ruin of our World. For "a house divided against itself cannot stand".
#Brexit UK vassal state has to learn it's #BrexitShambles place!
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’ - spiked
Just wait until you hear what Brexit will do to Hartlepool! Worse economy = lower tax take = even worse public services.
#Strictly next prime minister? #brexit #Tories #Labour #LeaveEU #GTTO Please RT for wider audience.
You knew that Brexit was a risk to Northern Ireland and Gibraltar most of all. Article 50 was triggered with no plan. No clue. How dare you now say it’s not working. You never cared. You didn’t even know what the customs union was #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Siri, find me the most concise summary of the Brexit process
Dumb and Dumber. In objection to foolish PM's ugly #Brexit plan, DUP now wants to double down and default out of EU to economic crisis territory with no alternative plan. Who is dumb? Who is Dumber? #TrainWreck #Brexit
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
Yeah, I wouldn't count on that Fabian. She's fucked us here in the UK over Brexit... Just give her 5 minutes and Gibraltar will be next.
Is it all that surprising??
The curtain is coming down
Tony is the best weapon the Brexit camp have!
"The CJEU’s role in relation to the UK will not end when the transitional period ends. It is also misleading to suggest that “direct effect and supremacy of EU law” will end when the UK leaves the EU."
Given the history of Ireland, brexiteers playing the victim card is somewhat bloody rich mate.
Donald Tusk is quoting Freddie Mercury. The EU is the Dancing Queen now. #BrexitShambles
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
I only listen to Classic FM now. Usually play Jerusalem 3 or 4 times a week. Minimal news and amazingly not biased. Both sides of Brexit covered but just facts. Even covered news of Tommy demos when no one else did.
Yes #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw and #LeaveEUBroketheLaw
Brexit is bananas and hubris
Why should Ireland provide help and goodwill? Didn’t the UK choose this path to be independent of its EU neighbours.
Why mention it if it’s as you say, not necessarily because of the Brexit vote.
"Crashing out" as the MSM are now spinning it daily , is the Brexit people actually voted for. Theresa May told us it was so in a number of speeches. No amount of media scaremongering spin is going to change that fact, that there is no longer a credible democracy in this country.
What is the clapping aboot? I love the UK doesn't give a shit aboot anything apart from #brexit atm.
Your European?? I’ve been thinking of you totally wrong bud sorry. Ya, Brexit sucks but it won’t change my status so I stay out of it.
Here it is. EU purpose was unity through common prosperity. Prosperity died in 2008. We saw how the EU dealt with Greece. They want complete control (federation). Next crisis (already underway) nations that cannot choose their responses will go the way of Greece. Hence Brexit
BEST NEWS ALL WEEK! #Brexit Philip Hammond 'will quit and take five ministers if May gets No Deal' via
When the economy crashes 30% because you enabled a hard Brexit, all your policies will be in the toilet
UK joined the EEC in 1973. Had a referendum on continued membership in 1975. They voted 67.2% to 32.8% to stay. The UK since 1975 has had on foot in &amp; one foot out as members of EU &amp; now they want one foot in and one foot out as non members. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Seriously, we fought for 2 years for this deal that gets us out of the EU and ends freedom of movement. We will now make a trade deal so the Irish backstop won’t be needed. This is Brexit. Stop trying to STOP BREXIT!
I wouldn’t label as liars *serious* believers in, say, fantastical beings. My point about Brexit leaders (also Trump) is that they say things as if they had given them serious consideration, when in fact they haven’t. Bluffing is a form of lying.
In light of these #revelations shouldn’t England reconsider #Brexit since they did such heavy campaigning on #FB to push the agenda? They should at least let people have a new #Vote on the matter #interferenceFree ?
We were in a position to recover from the 2008 crash from the steps G Brown put in place. We and the US were recovering. But whereas the US recovery continued, Cameron/Osborne choked our recovery with austerity. And our economy has and still os struggling. And now brexit.........
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th-Hour Spat With Spain #capital
What a small minded objectionable person is. Well f**k you. You don't have to live here with "criminal terrorists", we do. It's not you or your family in the firing lines, yet.
Corbyn wouldn’t share a platform with Cameron because he thought Miliband doing likewise in the Scottish referendum hurt his electoral appeal. Plus he foresaw political chaos of Brexit would work in his favour. So he threw the UK under a bus for electoral gain. Not democracy.
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
#Spain closed border 1969-1985. Families separated. Thousands of Spanish workers in #Gibraltar jobless &amp; homeless in their own country. Spain doesn’t care about Gibraltarians or the Spanish there. They simply want Gib, which they gave up in #utrecht agreement #gibraltar #brexit
Probably burnt to a cinder.
EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
Stop focussing your effort on giving biased political reports and get the basics right. Fiji won! #brexit
A peoples vote will not happen and you should expect that if happens the outcome will be a vote for hard Brexit... the only hope is that the you all come to your senses and vote for Labours Plan.
Brexit: Theresa May writes 'letter to nation' insisting her withdrawal agreement works for 'whole UK' Missive is latest attempt to build support for exit deal which faces widespread opposition...
Glad it works for you! It doesn't work for US #Scotland #Brexit #BrexitDeal #NoDeal #PeoplesVoteNow
There is no democratic mandate to impose this version of #Brexit.
Cancel brexit now
The has zero say in any matter regarding an unanimous agreement reached among all member states.
Economically it makes sense to stay. Financially it makes sense to stay as then we get the benefits this brexit bill says we don't. Borderially (i can make words up too) if our borders were as full of holes as the Leave campaign says they are, why is the migrant camp in France?
May needs to go. Soon. She is breaking up our country.
Take a look at someone interesting instead of fretting about Brexit all the time - this book may help you
Brexit music :)
#imaceleb2018 Convict Tommy Robinson becomes a prison advisor for UKIP while morons say they love the illiterate tax dodging, bank account in his dogs name Harry Redknapp and then people wonder how #Brexit Beyond angry tonight #imaceleb
And you're allowed to be wrong. I am more concerned about the damage that it does in the mean time and the chaos that will ensue, if you are successful. That's the point of Brexit, after all, from the pov of the people who paid for it and who will profit by it.
Thank the Lord for that
An upside to no deal.
This is not #Brexit
The concept of an indigenous population, a country, a nation state with viable armed forces is obstructive to their vision....
I’m sorry you feel you can’t do anything right. There will always be people who have something to say and think we are all doing it wrong. Just look at Brexit. Good luck x
No not racist Mistake Cameron made was thinking EU would give him something as a token. He brought back 'thin gruel' instead. Merkel underestimated the british
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal &gt; I shall write back saying "No. No Brexit". Will you?
How many more chances are you giving the PM. Now’s the time for you &amp; all your Brexit colleagues to resign from Cabinet. Lock yourself in a room with Boris, Patel, Davis, Raab and don’t come out until you’ve agreed who will run the show. No deal is just fine. NOW!!
Is Theresa May the best person to secure the most positive Brexit deal for Britain?
A Brexit echo chamber, where up is down and Trump and Farage are God... Hell perhaps?
How can she hand sovereignty to the EU? Brexiteers have continually told me we never had it to begin with.
Delusional. Brexit involved illegalities and is pointless. We should stop, focus on more important issues (ending austerity, climate change, housing, funding public services), &amp; have an inquiry into how this mess happened and how it's managed to go on for so long.
El Erian: Brexit &amp; The Global Economy | Zero Hedge
Correct. All the Brexit nutters in the Cabinet should resign immediately and work wholeheartedly for the hard Brexit that they desire.
'ello, 'ello, 'ello..... What's goin' on 'ere then?
I can't think of a better reason for a no deal Brexit.
‘Brexiteers Against Brexit’?! What new level of surreal Pythonesque English absurdity is this? I’d laugh if I wasn’t crying in frustration... #brexit
On bad days I worry that making it advisory was part of the clever and deep plot to mount this Brexit coup
She can't stop brexit, 17.4 million people voted to leave and leave we shall the best deal now is a No Deal. Walk away on WTO
Fingers crossed.
Here's why the tiny peninsula of Gibraltar is having an outsized effect on Brexit | CBC Radio
Brexit will remove rights from British people. It must be stopped.
Desperation is a stinky cologne
The level of suppression is staggering
It's like some old isolated colonial stuff, on an island at the far side of the world ?? It's truly timewarped #Conservatives #Brexit #DUP18 #Brexitcast #Labour #PeoplesVote
May struts around the Eu with her white flag and fully charged pen ready to sign any bit of paper. What a waste of space this PM turned out to be.
I think will find the Irish border hit the headlines in Ireland the day David Cameron announced a referendum in 2016. “It was only June 2017, when May lost her majority, becoming reliant on the DUP, and Varadkar replaced Kenny, that the Irish border hit the headlines”
We’d never adopt the Euro. They could never make us. We’re the U.K. we hold (oh, my mistake, held) the whip hand. Brexit might have been a lovely concept. It’s hard to escape the reality that we are better off as a major European influencer, than having literally no influence
thank u, brexit
Spot on, teens take note!
Would or could May say ok there’s a fixed term Parliament, we’ll end the DUP arrangement and have a minority government? #brexit
....and not forgetting Theresa May, who is most certainly showing clinical signs of delusion as a result of prolonged 'siege mentality' while devising her fantasy #Brexit deal in her bunker at No.10. #Leave #Remain #MayMustGo
So the Tories came up with the idea of Brexit vote in order to keep power no matter what and divided this country from ‘left’ and ‘right’ to ‘left in, ‘left out’, ‘right in, ‘right out’ and have offered a deal with makes everyone miserable and somehow this is all Corbyn’s fault?
rich public school boy tory rats The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
When promises are made by they're absolutely worthless. #Ukip ~ #Brexit ~ #ForTheNation Join at
Brexit won’t happen
Becarefull we have balconies everywhere and you know what happen with the English and the balconies...
If it is clear that the vote will lead to a reversal of Brexit. If it is a vote to get an extension to negotiate a bit more based on, and this is important, *the same red lines*, then it is not clear that an extension will be granted. 1/
Mrs May might capitulate on our #Brexit 'Deal' but the British People will never ever accept being Goerned by a Foreign Power
Could this be why?
Headfuck RT : An unexpected new group, Brexiteers against Brexit, threatens Theresa May’s plan - The Independent
IT’S THAT SIMPLE! WHAT PART OF BREXIT DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND?
If we had a No Deal Brexit Gibraltar would be safer. You always are when you stand up against bullies.
Five ministers to seek softer Brexit if May's plan flops in parliament: Times
From the frying pan to the fire . . . Ffs really ! British politics, what a load of crap ! Below the level of childish, it’s pathetic ! Vive La Revolution.!!!
We would have regained it with Brexit.
Brexit is the wrong solution to an as yet unaddressed UK problem - we must remain in the EU as a strong influencer and beneficiary while enjoying all its benefits. Why would we want to risk going alone and being worse off in this world full of global challenges? #PeoplesVoteNow
Handing over Gibraltar without their people's permission is and/or should be TREASON #brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #Gibraltar
Brexit means Brexit troops
Even more reasons to favour no deal.
Never. Get stuffed.
Get the job done and hopefully the country and the government can move on from this endless prattle.
You could've killed Brexit a long time ago, but !!!!
I urge people to sit down and spend 52 concentrated minutes watching that fine doco by History in great danger of repeating itself. #Brexit gibraltar
Spain and Ireland are coming for Theresa May and Brexit!
He's not the only one.
"Hammond leads a new ‘gang of five’ Cabinet ministers opposed to a hard #Brexit, including Work and Pensions Secretary Amber Rudd, Cabinet Office Minister David Lidington, Business Secretary Greg Clark and Justice Secretary David Gauke"
Bonus! Fuck off Phil.
Ah here #Brexit
I’d take Spain more seriously on Gibraltar if a) if I didn’t believe in self determination and b) it didn’t have several enclaves of its own in Africa. #brexit
Your deal is not what leave voters voted for and is worse than what remain voters voted for. Our best option now, because of 18 months of incompetence, is to go for a genuine WTO based #Brexit
Great news
......oh wow. Where do i begin... So apparently communist spy corbyn is now more right wing than tony blair? And that being pro brexit is solely a right wing desire. How am i supposed to take you seriously? You are a professional journalist have some pride in that. I'm only a 1/2
Could possibly have forgiven incompetence but this process has been outright deceit and that cannot be forgiven under any circumstances.
It is dead already. The Tory party and Brexit are proof of that. Never in history of UK have elected representatives deliberately harmed their country for personal gain. UK is a kleptocracy.
“But we now have to negotiate the worst trade deal in history – the only one that’s a reduction on what we have. All the big issues: fisheries, Gibraltar, will come back with a vengeance, with the backstop hanging over us. It’s not over yet.”
The EU stands up for its own. Had Britain not signed Article 50, this wouldn't even have been on the table. #Gibraltar
The EU is on the brink. They can’t afford chaotic brexit. #No deal
Free movement adds to GDP. As we lose others gain. UK instead of soaring after Brexit, we’re going to decline! Sick man of Europe all over! When will the traitors be held to account? #BBCSwitchOff #PeoplesVote #BrexitisFraud #WATON #StopBrexit #Remain #ABTV #FBPE #Bracknell
I would imagine that #Brexit will cause the etc a lot of hassle given the number of employees currently in the #EuropeanUnion - interesting that they haven't mentioned that they would need to apply for visas for them all soon! #PeoplesVote
Peak Remain hysterics from Geordie Grieg &amp; his scaremongering shroud wavers featuring Cabinet’s table thumping treachery. You have been warned. Walk away from the news stand. #brexit #bbcnews
Seems like an incentive for No Deal...
I hope you darn well don’t. ANY of you.
You were saying something about May not selling out Gibraltar was it?
Just so fedup with westminster,brexit,lying british mps, fake news tax dodging spivs, scottish unionists, scottish tories poor people being shat on, time for the people of Scotland Wales England and ireland to say enough is enough the union is finnished
It’s not even close.
May’s Brexit deal kills hopes of ban on live exports, campaigners warn.
Youre not listenin I've not said No Deal is a bad deal In an ideal world Parliament would have supported No Deal But they only want it because it allows them to vote Brexit to oblivion Its why they have been manoeuvring for it for 2 years How many times do I need to say it?
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - BBC News
Although May has built whole #Brexit deal on being less open to EU citizens (no more FOM) she looks in terms of body language much happier in Brussels than Westminster
Fuck off we don't want you're spindle lankwitch poxy blowjob halfbaked shithouse deal
Will the #brexit vote be declared null and void?
This was always going to be where it ended, because there never was a “good” Brexit. Any Brexit loses NI, Gibraltar, Banking, most service industries and the right of UK citizens to move freely in Europe.
The two faced liar (leader by default!) Get him out
If this isn’t music to the ERG’s ears I don’t know what is!
Winifred its a great move,every time Blair appears on TV another half a million ppl change their minds about Brexit. Same with Rachel Shabi but smaller numbers .
Best news of this entire #brexit process, don’t let the door hit you on the way out.
As long as he realises that makes a no deal outcome even more attractive.
Patterson went from a proper Brexit lad to a fortnite dabbing merchant. Just shows what Cardiff City does to you.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Resign...YOU ARE SELLING OUT BREXIT AND THE COUNTRY!
How ridiculous, just tell us how that would resolve anything! Just because you politicians are mucking up brexit doesn't mean another vote! We carry on until we're out, at some point in the future you can have another vote, just not now!
All I hear is...
A50 has been triggered, brexit is legal whatever the finding about the ref as the remainers say it was non-binding.
I want to stop Brexit because there is no benefit whatsoever in leaving the EU and the referendum was not conducted fairly and may even be found to be illegal.
Diane Abbott is right. I don't agree with much of her politics but the EU has shown it's malevolent, arrogant, fascist, antidemocratic true colours and right-thinkg former remainers will now see why so many of us wanted out.
This is also a very interesting and terrifying book another book that would do you good to read to get you out of your scaredykat mindset, make you mentally strong and able to cope with Brexit
We can but hope.
Hopefully he will go - he’s been a thorn in the side of Brexit. Party is bigger than him and he won’t be missed
No matter how many times you repeat the same shite over and over again it won't change the fact that Brexit is an absolute and total waste of time and money.
NEVER EVER ask the people's opinion when and where their feelings overcome common sense and reason. So much about brexit...
Theresa May writes 'letter to the nation' insisting her Brexit agreement works
The way Brexiters speak and whine you would think they had lost the vote . How true the adage ' won the battle...lost the war .' Not so much a pyrrhic victory, more a Brexit victory . Meaningless .
No thanks. Brexit is regressive. #FuckTheBrexitDeal
Is this a it like the General Manager who says his coach has his 100% support... only to be fired 2 weeks later? (#NHL lessons for #Brexit)
Spain reaches EU deal on Gibraltar, Brexit summit to go ahead | CBC News
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker | CBC Radio
Thread
TORIES have sacrificed Gibraltar for mayhem.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
Check out ’s Tweet:
Tony Blair's open letter to EU leaders ahead of #Brexit summit is quite something. 'Give us a way out'
If Theresa May insists there is to be no #peoplesvote, why is she going to travel the country next week to sell her #Brexit deal to the people?
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
...you’ve coined the definitive Brexit analogy...Scotland feels like we’re the upstairs neighbor telling him we HAVE met the supermodel he hasn’t met yet and they have an orange fake tan, bird’s nest hair and a nasty dose of the clap...
so do I if this Brexit is not delivered properly
..when the European Social Fund money dries up, people will notice. Hundreds of millions of pounds’ worth of European money have gone into the town in the past few decades, he says. “If you told local people they’d be staggered.” …
Most of us in Ireland believe that Brexit is a deeply damaging enterprise to us as well as to the UK. So why on earth would we go out of our way to enable a hard Brexit? If it has to take place we want to mitigate it's effects as much as possible.
And how much angrier I and millions like me will be if we are proved half right about brexit
Excellent debut at MoS by
What Brexit deal ??????????
Or, possibly the consequences of Leave getting exactly what it asked for. Rhetoric matters.
Even when she unveiled this atrocious act of betrayal not only of Brexit but our country what did the Tory MPs do? Again nothing.
Love DUP !
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Don’t believe this dark triad kids. She’s an absolute wrongun.
I do hope that Angela isn't supporting the colonial occupation of Gibraltar
Yes, Brexit in name only, much like how the Conservative party is Conservative in name only!
Austerity not BREXIT cause UK economic woes Austerity just cover for wealth transfer &amp; asset grab by the rich Public services decimated We have been had by the criminal political elite Thanks
And if you have read the 500 page Brexit exit report with the leaving date set at 20XX and the transition period set at 8 years she has sold us all down the river
No Brexit at all
You put your letter in, You take your letter out, In, Out, In, Out, Then you.... nah, I'm joking I wouldn't dare. #brexit #indyref2
Absolutely NO!!
So a bit different from being invaded then, bit different from being occupied by a foreign force then. Please be careful with language as, unfortunately, there is a nasty whiff of imperialism around Brexit already. Have a good night.
Only if she was doing the count Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
Theresa May waits … and waits for #Brexit - Like Miss Haversham!
Very well articulated. Basically the settlement agreement and future trade agreement are 2 separate things. If UK wsnts to be seen as a credible trading nation it can't renege on this commitment. Boris and his brexit band try to whip up nationalistic fervour by confusing the two.
I feel let down by inability to deliver #Brexit I will vote for either or despite having been a paid-up member in the past.
Traitor May must be removed from power NOW. Has she already SECRETLY given CONTROL of all our Military to EU under EU Military Unification (google) hence NO #Brexit ?
Boris Johnson &amp; the DUP have found each other... brilliant sketch from
Japan Today Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
's Franco fixation: 'The Spanish leader, Pedro Sánchez, reacted immediately, claiming the UK would now have to open talks on “joint sovereignty” of Gibraltar, over which Spain has had a claim since the military dictatorship of Francisco Franco.'
UK and #Spain reach ‘historic’ #Brexit agreement over Gibraltar in time for EU summit
Pending the investigation, Parliament ought to insist that the bizarre Brexit process should be called off or at the very least paused. It is abundantly clear that and the result can’t stand.
New post (Theresa May Heads To Brussels As Spain Threatens Brexit Deal) has been published on Daily top pop -
Would you trust a PM who organised parallel negotiations with the EU behind her Brexit ministers back?
L@ - May's deal does not leave the EU and will be voted dow? Remain - Must not be allowed to raise new #remain option - it does not meet Government promise to #leave. WTO/No Deal will excluded on implementation of TAX issues Canada Free Trade deal is only true #brexit option
“Fundraising effort”...
The 'think tank' lobbyist lot say just what they think people at the moment want to hear. Mr S doesn't really care one way or the other. Don't rejoice.
I a committed Brexiteer continue to VISUALIZE a BREXIT "NO DEAL" YES then I can be BRITISH again have British Passport YES Also ban the worst terror org "MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD" Brexit will do this WHY watch Dalai Lama: "Europe belongs to Europeans" - YouTube
Handing over Gibraltar without their people's permission is/should be TREASON #brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #Gibraltar
“I’m here in a personal capacity...” Larry Elliott at Thursday’s People’s Brexit meeting #Vimeo
I honestly don't understand why some people believe that #Brexit is a #libertarian thing, because many people of many political ideologies and parties voted to #leave: #libertarianism #brexitagreement #unitedkingdom #uk
End of the line
I’ll never get behind May’s deal or any other Brexit deal. I want to Remain in the EU
Dammit Brexit
Theresa May's Brexit bonfire is petering out a bit so let's lob Gibraltar on it to get the flames roaring again.
That’s because she thinks we are all xenophobic morons which was how the BBC and other media channels portrayed Brexiters. They must take their share of the blame for this mess. Brexit politicians haven’t handled this with much cohesion either. Not too late!
Grow a full spine Boris and challenge May now!! If that deal goes through Brexit as we voted for, will die!!
Latest update on the upcoming Brexit deal vote, expected around 10th December: FOR THE DEAL: 224 (-3) Likely for: 1 (+1) Toss-up: 2 (+1) Likely against: 3 (+3) AGAINST THE DEAL: 409 (+1) Help make our forecast more accurate and refine the MPs' positions:
'Soft Brexit' is a thing as you get older. Or so I've heard
This!
#Blair is a divisive figure but he talks far more sense than any of today's political figures. #Brexit
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th-Hour Spat With Spain
'Alexa, who did it?' Did you welcome a spy in your house this Black Friday?
I note that Brexiteers are fond of the word 'vassal' or derivatives thereof. The dictionary shows it directly beneath Vaseline, which is itself below vasectomy. Is it possible that their fingers slipped when they were writing their speeches about post-Brexit Britain?
A precursor, perhaps, to sharing the sovereignty of Northern Ireland with the Republic of Ireland? Garret Fitzgerald always felt the solution was a federal or confederal one.
Yes "brexit means brexit", "This is the best deal" and "nothings changed"
lol no
What was your main reason for voting Brexit? Economy? Sovereignty? Freedoms of movement?
Even the voiceover artist sounds unsure.....
"Fuck off you odious hypocrite" May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
I can't believe that we won't have any MEP's after Brexit? Its like the EU are trying to silence us
My favourite letter of the day I canvassed the street this letter writer was from 2 days before the #Brexit vote &amp; they were 100% adamant Leavers This #remainernow has convinced me #thetidehasturned #PeoplesVote bring it on
That's a no from me, Theresa. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Checked four Dutch newspapers for Brexit headlines on front page. Only two have them: covering Spain's interests in Gibraltar. After two years of 'they need us more than we need them' I remain unconvinced it's felt like that on the continent.
Yup. And brexit only concerns immigration from (and to!) EU. Nothing to do with the rest of the world but everyone seems to have forgotten that.
The danger of populism in a nutshell. How can a PM, a politician or a single leave voter POSSIBLY justify a claim that all 17.4m voted for the same reasons? (Especially since evidence from interviewing voters demonstrably proves they DID vote for different reasons)
I would like to stop Brexit because I hugely value the freedoms and opportunities afforded to people by EU membership and I have not seen a single coherent argument for leaving. #StopBrexit
You cynically positioned yourself for leadership during the Brexit referendum debate and have acted in your own personal interest since...
Austerity and cutbacks by the Conservative Government circa 2010 - present day. Maybe write about it instead of your shitty #Brexit love in. Ridiculous prick
#AlanSugar says it as he sees it... and he’s right! #Brexit
No, Britain is not OUT. You forget the tiny matter of Parliament having a meaningful vote first, which includes most of the Brexit MP's voting against the current deal - how do you think this is going to end? As there is no majority for a Hard Brexit either.
Could Brexit vote be declared null and void?
Is that because he will be in jail? #askingforafriend
B.I.G. N.E.W.S. as UK investigation into participation in Brexit disinfo &amp; propaganda continues.
Even the Socialists in Gibraltar want Brexit!
Of course.
Even #Democracy works with mobs. Remember #Vote decides #Fate. Be it government or decisions like Brexit, though lighter words like 'majority' is used to refer votes/seats. It's also fate of #hinduism &amp; #India, where few people just to #showcase end up opposing 4 no true reason
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May The start of traitor Mays downfall
Then there's Johnson (again), Davis and Raab who all resigned after doing virtually nothing to further the cause of Brexit, whilst the likes of Mogg and Farage snipe from the sidelines.
Never thought I'd see #Brexit depicted on #ImACeleb
If Labour vociferously opposed Brexit they would win. If they don't Theresa May will walk it. The besieged woman doing a difficult job and sticking to it would be seen as a much safer bet than Jeremy Corbyn whose fleeting support amongst the quiet mass of voters has faded.
Brexit Summit Is Back on After Spain Threatened Boycott #dog
Great piece full of perceptive shade about the DUP's doomed flirtation with Boris Johnson by
Small Business Saturday, Brexit agreement, Kim Porter funeral: 5 things to know this weekend
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
Pro-#Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in #EU
Today’s stunt does nothing to change the legal position regarding #Gibraltar, #Brexit and the future relationship. It’s a piece of political theatre for domestic consumption in Spain.
Lawyers describe Mrs May's failure to act on the growing evidence of illegality in the 2016 referendum campaign as “absolutely extraordinary” given the NCA probe into suspicions of multiple criminal offences committed by Mr Banks and the LeaveEU campaign.
May appears to have finally declared whose side she's on. She isn't for the 50% who voted #brexit, or the 50% who voted #remain. Instead she seems to have chosen the 0% who wanted the dissolution of the Union, EU rules without representation and £39bn for the pleasure of it.
Many voters that don't like the direction labour have taken or how the conservatives have handled brexit will be drawn to ukip not enough to beat labour in the next election but enough to steal seats from the conservatives
It’s time to a Mayxit
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU #FoxNews
#brexit pales to insignificance against this &amp; #climatechange, its just that UK won't have any friends...
This is just obtuse - a political declaration is a prelude to the future trade deal, as you know. LibDem policy used to be PR - until a PR result against party policy in the Brexit vote.
Oh yeah. We've found a way to take the giant venomous spiky dildo that is Brexit &amp; stick it up there sideways. For at least a decade.
Sign and support...
Hamish McRae: Brexit? We started it 15 years ago
How Companies Can Weather the Brexit Storm via
BREXIT PROBLEM Tell the EU to get stuffed. That’s saves us 39Billion. Bin HS2 another 60Billion &amp; half the Overseas Aid Budget 7 Billion. Then spend that money on Welfare,NHS &amp; infrastructure projects in the Uk. Sitting on the fence, gutless MPs Should grow some balls
Nation tests the letters absorbency by using it to wipe arse after 'BREXIT': (BReakfast EXITing, ie; morning poo)
This whole Brexit thing is going so well isn't it?
If those judges judged it accurately they should sort out #brexit so we are not stuck with the deal we forced #germany to take in the #armictice (20 yr treaty) The more I read about end of world war 1 the more I understand why the German folk followed Hitler (before he went mad)
Anyone supporting that fucking rat bastard can get on board the sibling Brexit boat with all his wee cunto pals
Regardless of that "rational" statement, #Brexit with no plan will initiate Article 50 and results in removal from EU. Article 50 already approved as the default. We shall have to see the hard way.
Indeed. Cos if they effed off it would destroy brexit straight off
Only tikme I've ever actually wanted brexit
Brexit 'biggest act of national economic self-harm in modern history...
Either way, brexit or no brexit, there will be civil unrest, it is inevitable now, shame really, I honestly thought this country was getting somewhere back in 2007, how wrong I was.
Brexit will hit women hardest — let us have a say on the deal
Sanity at last?
Brexit will hit women hardest — let us have a say on the deal
Sadly, it seems more than 11,000 votes have been removed from this poll by Twitter. This is an affront to democratic expression. #LIBERTY
The latest Bill Manwaring Daily News! Thanks to #brexit #blackfriday
The responses you’ve had demonstrate the superficiality of the ScotTories position. Even my own MSP, majors on fishing (eh, hardly a priority of Edinburgh Central) yet says absolutely nothing about untold damage Brexit will cause to Fin Serv and HE. Shameless.
Some old man called me useless at work bc the shop had been moved about and I wanted to double check where a specific jacket was I rly hate middle aged men, first indyref, then brexit, now yelling at 18 year old Christmas temps
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: UK like Norway will be in the Single Market. Oh, and in the Customs Union to solve the NI border “issue”. But, we are taking back control of our borders, laws and money. We need to first breed some GM pigs that can fly.
She’s a SF / IRA plant ... codename ... Easter Lilly .... a plant
Tory #Brexit and Labour #Brexit are probably the same thing. Can't be certain as Labour haven't actually said what their Brexit looks like. More unicorns, I expect.
Boris Warns Brexit Plan Akin to Titanic Heading Toward Doom
We don’t believe you, you have lied throughout this whole negotiation, deliver the Brexit that we voted for,leave the EU and have no ties to them At all.
Let's blame brexit
Britain deserves a better Brexit than the one May is offering | Nicola Sturgeon
"Britain is now the most vulnerable part of the ‘Anglo-Saxon’ world, as it was in 1803-05 and in 1940. The obstruction of supplies of food and medicines to Britain would in effect be an act of aggression"
How is she not delivering Brexit though? We leave in March! We are also ending free movement, and the money we pay to the EU (once divorce payment settled). She has stuck to to main things people who voted leave wanted. Also protecting jobs and business.
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters Go DUP Go! Bring on a new United Ireland Referendum for Northern Ireland and solve the problem for once and for all after all NI voted Remain!!
At a posh Gloucestershire dinner party this evening, when asked how I thought average Europeans viewed #Brexit, I told the assembled Brexiteers that most people will be glad to see the back of us. We’ve been nothing but trouble and it’s really time to move on... Silence.
To be fair, you did technically vote for Brexit so you are getting what you want. Even if the natives aren't :(
A Lab voter all my life, I would be still if It properly opposed Brexit, an essentially right/far right project (sorry to offend whoever tried earlier to claim the EU is right wing). Just look around at who supports Leave. Btw, I dropped FBPE to distance myself from anti Lab
And no hint of acceptance that his steamrollering of the EU project onto the UK is the reason why people voted for Brexit. The great unwashed didn't do what they were told and Bliar can't stand it.
Theresa May could get universal support for her open letter if it said that she was going to declare, the 2016 #brexit referendum void, and was going to re-run it. #PeoplesVote #skypapers
I didn’t need a tax cut - but whipped his mps to vote for one for me. I don’t thank him for that and I don’t thank him for his stance on #Brexit - if you’re wondering I’m spending my #taxcut now on trying to #stopbrexit and campaigning for a #peoplesvote
Viva #Brexit Viva #Gibraltar Viva #Catalonia Catalonia is welcome to join United Kingdom in war against Fascist Vichy Nazi Islam EU axis : )
(Evening Times):#Strictly compared to #Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder : Most fans of the show saw the funny side, but others said it was a “shambles”. ..
No they did not gain anything, it was just showboating. It is very important that we reject the withdrawal agreement and embrace WTO no deal Brexit. Then replace T. May with a Brexiteer and get ready to leave
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal#ha
idk, they haven't even stopped Brexit yet
Just like Brexit
Lol. Are you still thinking that any of this shambles is brexit? She’s been trying to remain since she became PM. This whole thing with Davis and Raab was a show while the civil service with Ollie Robbins have been making the real deals.
Then if you are honest &amp; straightforward you can give the answer again. Based on past history, statements from Labour &amp; *your best guess* would Labour campaign on some kind of Brexit platform in a GE? Yes or No?
A NO DEAL #BREXIT is GOOD FOR EUROPE bad for Britain EUROPE needs to band together against this mess to destroy Europe #BandTogether #StopBrexit
#imagine #AboveUsOnlySky where did my fellow travellers of my generation go in their politics and lives that led them to vote for #trump #BREXIT and become part of the problem not the solution
I’m sure she will. But the toll Brexit has taken on her is right in front of our eyes. The only statesman of the entire lot. The rest of them EU UK keep sniping away for their own self interest and it’s sickening.
I understand that this is Serious International Business and all, but every time I see a headline referring to it as "the Rock" I briefly wonder how Dwayne Johnson became involved with Brexit.
Bad language not required. Financial commentators state day after Brexit with a deal or no deal the Euro will collapse causing financial panic across the EU 27 countries be warned ya plank
Not so Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit if/when Theresa May Plan Rejected.
Gibraltar's done so.
If you take part in Black Friday you voted for Brexit
Spinning became lying decades ago in the British press. It is now an epidemic which runs through social media and is given Air-time by stalwarts of T.V. Only in hindsight will we be able to pick over the bones of Brexit and realise how badly we were all lied to.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Proper brexit football
It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit via
Sound's like you are one of Merkels Patriots.....
'between visions of the glories that await, should Britain... do a proper Brexit, Johnson wove in bendy buses, Star Wars, light sabers... He earned a standing ovation... There were some dissenters. “Today’s highlight? The lemon meringue dessert,” said one'
The 585 page surrender note reveals Brexit for what it always was, a pack of lies. Voters won't be fooled again. #PeoplesVote
I'm struggling to see a downside...
With hindsight we should never have allowed a remainer to do the job of overseeing Brexit. But then again, what choice did we have. We are at her mercy now &amp; she’s messing up Big time! #Brexit
Have you seen any polling in regards to this? I remember seeing a couple of polls showing that leave voters were more likely to blame the govt than remainers for a botched brexit deal. Sure, I agree that things will be very uncertain if they manage to remove May.
This on it's own should be enough to force a second referendum given Theresa May’s refusal to act, so I doubt much will come of it as MoJ is riddled with Tories
Good old Arlene.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal - PM writes direct letter to British voters after agreeing to Spain’s demands over GibraltarAn increasingly desperate Theresa May on Sunday appeals to the British people to unite behind her Brexit deal as she calls on Leavers...
Stop Brexit. #PeoplesVote
From the heart, mind and soul of our Prime Minister, who knows how to look after Gibraltar, which is a British country and part of UK and has the same rights for #BREXIT which Spain doesn't like but has to work with everyone as it is part of the EU.
So you’re qualified to speak on behalf of all 17.4m Brexit voters? Might have been better if it had been made explicit what ‘leave’ actually meant. The resulting chaos is down to the Brexiteers ineptitude and we’re all going to get the Brexit that they deserve.
What is older, chicken or the egg; Unaccountability led to the populism, or it is vice versa? One way or another, it is an illness tearing apart Western liberal democracies. The far right-far left divide seams to me as a consequence rather than the cause.
Mrs May might capitulate on our #Brexit 'Deal' but the British People will never ever accept being Governed by a Foreign Power ie the #EU
So, tell me why BREXIT is not a good thing for the UK!
Bad timing BREXIT
The UK had never been a place of "warm feelings" for the Catholic Irish majority of this island. You only need to read the comments about this country and our Taoiseach because we've acted bin our national interest during brexit negotiations to see warm fellings towards Ireland
#EUropean #shadownazis crawling out the woodwork. He people of Gibraltar do not want to be part of Spain The UN expects respect for self-determination, why don’t you?
Tory Brexit is going to be a steaming pile of shit.
Hammond is a bit slow he shld’ve gone well before the Cabinet Meeting.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal a greater threat than Jeremy Corbyn, says DUP leader Arlene Foster
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brexit vote
She can go and f'ing do one: May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
The British in Britain can have the #Brexit they desire if they stop a DUP tail wagging a Tory dog. NI alone has a unique GFA treaty status quo, with all-Ireland integration dimensions which the UK can't unilaterally alter. The EU is obliged to not erode or undermine that treaty.
All well and good. but what the majority of your constituents really want to know is: in the event of a stalemate would you join and vote against a no deal? #brexit
Campaign 'heart and soul': UK PM calls on Britons to support her #Brexit deal
The Nation tests the absorbency of Theresa May's letter by using it to wipe arse after 'BREXIT': (BReakfast EXITing, ie; morning poo)
Posted...
It's as if they're telling us to do one.
Sweet dreams!
This ‘newspaper’ can only see any value in the First Minister through the prism of Westminster. Otherwise it’s ‘Sturgeon accused of...[insert your SNPBad headline]
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! via
Bit boring. It's like we're constantly in a time warp two years ahead and waiting for them to catch up with everything including Brexit thanks to UKgov and MSM #echochamber
Of course Gibraltar wants to remain .. We have to help them, they get backing as British overseas territory... We have way too many.. She can't help England..or the UK..!!
So the Brexit deal won't pass then.... Wow.
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal via
Yes. I get angry when I read or hear "The Government's money..."" It isn't the Government's money, it's ours and we're given damn all say in how it's spent. I certainly wouldn't agree to bung £billion to the DUP or blow £4 billion on preparing for the Brexit idiocy.
I've believed in Brexit and Britain so hard I will be constipated for the next 6 months, but to no avail. I'm considering a sacrifice to make this dream come true
If there is gridlock because Parliament will not sanction Brexit .... why would a 2nd vote to leave make things any different .... ?
this is why i don't want the uk to brexit, the only European country where they can produce a tv series centered around a middle class black family mom is attorney, dad is a writer, none of the kids are in the rap or drug game
brexiteers: stop calling leave voters bigots and racists. treat them and their concerns with respect. also brexiteers: ha! leave voters are so dumb. look we'll trick them into thinking immigration is falling.
the reason why Brexit did not work is not about Theresa May and you perfectly know this. It is very comfortable to think there is a plot within the civil service, your school of thinking is well known, always finding secret plots anywhere but always failing to actually act
It's all as if successive governments have continually ceded British sovereignty to the EU to the extent that it is impossible to actually leave without their permission or, if just quitting, financial ruin. #Brexit #MayMustGo
Brexit Facts via
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Financial commentators state day after Brexit with a deal or no deal the Euro will collapse causing financial panic across the EU 27 countries
ICYMI: Some of my unpopular economic opinions - Being logical and critical makes you an outsider, as you won’t believe group myths - Yesterday’s “bottom up” is tomorrow’s “top down” - Brexit won’t be an economic disaster
Then the Falklands.....
There is no such thing as ‘No Deal’. It’s WTO exit.
But you haven’t stood by Brexit. You’ve preferred the EU.
Then why are unskilled workers visas being introduced. If TM says she wants to deliver the will of the people then that was the last reason for #brexit being ignored.
Time until BREXIT is 124 days, 23 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
I want to stop Brexit because it is stupid, damaging and divisive.
Great summary of Brexit deliberations by
It's a clusterfuck. The British people deserve the truth, that #Brexit will leave us poorer and steal the EU citizenship from our children without their consent. You will be more hated than Thatcher. We will overturn #Brexit, join the Euro and Schengen and be fully in by 2023.
Looks like chaos,it is chaos and we just must make an end one way or the other. This is no dress rehearsal,no hideous comedy of errors but the real thing. Never would I have believed that any peacetime Govt. could have been so incompetent. NOT just May,the whole bloody LOT.
May will destroy the UK if she is allowed too.
Rhetorical, assuming..
There could actually be a Santa: "High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas."
Could not think of a better Christmas present. High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
My feeling and still rumours DUP will capitulate
If Theresa May is giving away any more countries, besides Gibraltar, Scotland and Northern Ireland, to save her Brexit, can I just say that I'd quite like one or two British Virgin Islands and I'm asking for a friend about Canada? Sorry, I don't know anyone who wants Isle of Man
There are 2988 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 2988 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
EU's Tusk, Spain's Sanchez push for Gibraltar Brexit deal
total sell out not to be trusted at any cost
This is just desperate now .. it just can't be Brexit at all costs ... giving into blackmail to appease the situation....maybe sell a Granny or two ..?
That’s right, you read it correctly... #Brexiteers Against #Brexit You couldn’t write this... ‘An unexpected new group, Brexiteers against Brexit, threatens Theresa May’s plan’ - The Independent
Brexit is 3000 hours away. #brexit
Those who espouse a 'threadbare' brexit: we will neither forgive nor forget, when we have a lazy brexit, which we will, you will pay.
Why not? She’s given them everything else! Brussels' plan to FORCE Britain to SURRENDER fishing access amid EU backlash
Theresa May's Brexit plan 'pitiful', PM's coalition partners say :Auto pickup by wikyou
As seen as no one has a clue what is going on with #brexit and it’s depressing the nation, how about we all club together and try to beat #XFactor to Christmas number one. Let’s have a hokie cokie Christmas !
Dispute over Gibraltar: Spain threatens with cancellation of the Brexit summit
There is no such things as gay-only rights or women-only rights. There are human rights. Also, the human rights authority in Europe is the ECHR and it mandates change of legal sex in diagnosed cases. Even Russia had to comply; #brexit is not changing this.
European Council President Donald Tusk announces a draft document agreed for Brexit as May hails "the right deal"
Dispute over Gibraltar: Spain threatens with cancellation of the Brexit summit
If you visit Spain check this out Theresa May#brexit#therock#Gibraltar
Sometimes explanation. Maybe, most of all to connect with others. Learnt from others. Get thinking. I’ve got something brewing about Brexit breaking down barriers between people. It has made me think very hard &amp; feel very deep.
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship #NEWS
It sometimes comes to mind how school would be like in the future, our history lessons were about world war 1 and 2 Future generations will have history classes on Article 13 and Brexit etc. it's sucks to be living it in the moment XS pleasse save the internet #SaveYourInternet
UK wine retailer to stockpile up to $10 million in extra bottles ahead of Brexit #NEWS
A strong rebuttal from the man who started this discussion pointing out a typo and who basically stumbled upon his argument. England doesn't care about Ireland north or south. Never has never will. When the shit hits the fan post Brexit ni will be first under the bus
A trend that is going only one way - total rejection of Brexit and Brexiters.
Save our #Brexit - May urges #UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Save our #Brexit - May urges #UK public to back her in letter to the nation
New Zealand. A small population, half the world away, already negotiating a trade deal with the #EU. What’s the point? #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit
And thats the % of people who voted - doesn't include those to young who this will also effect - plus No1 voted for hard Brexit
courts wont stop Brexit , politician's on the other hand is a different matter they are remainers , they screw the people , all the time .
The one big takeaway from this #Brexit debacle is that we must stop misleading claims being made during election campaign &amp; referenda corrupting politics. Shocking how the onion skin keeps coming off #Brexit every day to reveal just how the people were sold a lie
And finally the rest of the ERG, too cowardly to put in 48 letters because one of them might have to stand up and take back control. So don't ever blame Remainers for the problems with Brexit. It's a rubbish idea, supportef by liars and charlatans.
For me it is either May's deal or forget the whole thing. #Brexit
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
Pro-Brexit MP John Haynes who has been awarded a knighthood has been labelled an 'utter cock' by other eurosceptic Tory MPs.
As the Banks investigation continues and possible that he could face 2 yrs in prison will Brexit vote now be declared void ?
As discussed Gibraltar was British before we joined the EU. Our territories are nothing to do with the EU, and so Brexit does not in any way sacrifice Gibraltar or any other part of the UK
Spain on Saturday agreed to support a Brexit deal but only after the U.K. and E.U. agreed to give Spain a say in the the disputed British territory of Gibraltar’s future....
"Brexit should be declared Void". If we had an actual #Leader in the country #Brexit would have been voided long ago.
Jesus wept.... he has no shame #Boris #DUP18 #DUP
What version of Brexit did you have in your head on when voting on Ref day in June 2016?
Great
Spain Lifts Threats, Clearing Way For EU Summit To Approve Brexit Deal
Here's the letter from Theresa May addressed to the nation asking for the support of the public on her Brexit deal.
'Spain has achieved NOTHING' Gibraltar hits out at Pedro Sanchez bid to SNATCH the Rock
I have 1 tweet, so yes... Was brief. The details aren't simple (As in everything Brexit related). But the main crux of it comes down to political will... The EU don't want us to leave &amp; have every incentive to help us stay. So Yes, they will extend A50 period, &amp; YES it can be...
#Brexit: "a deal for a brighter future which enables us to seize the opportunities that lie ahead." Not sure you really believe this. Many of us certainly don't. Triumph of hope over experience?
In your dreams. I will never unite behind something which destroys the right and freedoms for my children. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Comment of the day &amp; week
from argues on what he believe are Brexit options over the next critical days and weeks. And for a UCL academic take on "A Second Brexit Referendum: how would it work?" see this short video
SNP to call for indyref2 if May's Brexit deal makes it through the Commons
I as an ex pat brummie living in Ireland and also voted for brexit and I will be making the effort to go over, it would be nice if we got 10% brexiteer turn out, 1.74m but I would bet there won't be 1% 174k. Has everyone got their excuses ready ??
Reminds me of brexit. The government is unable to handle the Brexit, Britain is broken and like mugs we are left to pickup the pieces!
Brexit will enter the history books as an example of how not use referendums.
“A free trade area will allow goods to flow easily across our borders” - the word “frictionless” seems to be long gone from ’s vocabulary #Brexit
Need a haircut again ASAP or I’m gonna look like post brexit Nicola Sturgeon
The British population is deceived by the false anti-Brexit propaganda.
"Brexit has boosted popular support for the EU.” 68% of respondents feel their country benefits from EU membership, the highest level since 1983, while 66% – a majority in every state – said they would vote to remain in any exit referendum.
Mind lending me one of those?
100% Brexit ffs
But while that's happening, Theresa May is giving away Gibraltar. It's like if a train wreck and a dumpster fire combined, Gundam-style, looked at the #Brexit fiasco, and said "well, damn."
Dear , I will always be a Remainer, never a Leaver, I will never unite with Tory Brexit hooligans. I have principles and I don’t believe you are acting in the best interests of my country. You should ashamed of yourself. My MP has also let me down
This could be huge! #Brexit Parliament seizes cache of Facebook internal papers
I used to think it was about tax.... But then i remembered back to they horrendous pictures of people drowning on beaches... and then an agreement... like say 20000 comes to mind strangely .. And then suddenly "Brexit!".... Take back control.. Etc... Etc..
So they take the money and don't give the support ?
love it.I want Brexit thing to be over &amp; for us all to remember that we’re all just people,sweet people &amp; we want the best for everyone
Here's hoping. But the plant May is edging towards No Brexit.
Good enough.
Could the High Court declare the referendum void because illegality has taken place, before the person alleged to have done it, goes on trial ?? Is the possibility of illegality enough to call it off ???
Why Dover can handle a ‘no-deal’ Brexit -
They didn’t believe the scare stories, they actively colluded in creating them because it suited their Brexit in name only agenda.
EU's Tusk recommends that EU approves Brexit deal on Sunday -
The EU accounts for 40% of UK exports. Thus brexit entails losing influence over the making of EU rules + regulations, while still coming under said rules. A #Brexit UK won’t be escaping the shackles of the EU. Au contraire, it will be subjected to the EU’s every unchecked whim.
Brexiteers sank this ship and now they’re deserting it The buck doesn’t stop anywhere. Over the cliff you go, yes, you’re a lemming now. | Comment | The Times
Don't you love it? Empire 2.0-- Brexit bringing on England's loss of the rock- Hahahahahahaha
why i don't want the uk to brexit, the only European country where they can produce a tv series centered around a middle class black family mom is attorney, dad is a writer, none of the kids are in the rap or drug game
Given the chaos leaving on WTO rules alone would cause, I'll stick to the phrase "crashing out" thanks. Any form of Brexit will be damaging. What you're suggesting would (IMHO) be disastrous.
Hopefully he will be removed by Irish voters
That’s why we need the Gibraltan ones and we have lost them thanks to #brexit! Would you and the bees have marched if you knew?
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News Who the hell is may to do this . more to come. Uk to pays more eu still rules uk.gib to spain. N ireland to eu &amp; dublin. Next Falklands to Argentinians. .
"Brexit pigeons have come home to roost and have crapped all over Liam Fox and David Davis, someone has to be blamed. Admittedly Boris Johnson always looks like a bird has just crapped on him, and Ross Thomson looks like something a bird has just crapped"
Spain digs in on Gibraltar before summit Spain is standing between Theresa May and a Brexit deal as it threatens to derail an EU summit on Sunday if it does not get new...
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal. The whole country should get behind her, and push her off a cliff !!
BREXIT LATEST: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May | Politics | News |
This thing of hard and soft brexit is very badly put. UK should aim for a flexible brexit allowing it to diverge and converge in different sectors and at different stages
Actually I’d like Article50 withdrawn immediately. A People’s Vote is my 2nd choice, but I’ll settle for that.
It's going well.
I would take these takes more seriously if they were articulated a) during the campaign b) between the referendum and a new PM c) when Article 50 was triggered. Only now, when a Brexit that ends FoM has emerged, are the Leavers insisting en masse that immigration doesn't matter.
Brexit Spat With Spain Appears to Ease as EU Says Summit Closer #swag
May vows to ‘stand by’ Gibraltar following Brexit row with Spain #News #Breaking-News
Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation via #news #breakingnews
Beerpongs and Brexit
is "reprising the false claim that #Brexit ends with the withdrawal agreement, whereas in fact that will just begin a new and much longer phase of negotiation. Those who are bored to death with Brexit are certainly going to keep hearing about it for many years"
“A free trade area will allow goods to flow easily across our borders” - the word “frictionless” seems to be long gone from ’s vocabulary #Brexit
UK been made weak by the globalist in worst way, fact is UK has only 310 Tons of Gold in reserve. Germany in comparison has 3483 tons and is third highest in world overall, France 2518, Italy 2534. In next crash fiat will be revalued to gold, as UK aint got none bye G20. #Brexit
There he is, turning his nose up at brexit
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
I doubt Brexit would fix this as American creators are concerned.
UK is a net beneficiary once trade with the bloc &amp; the bloc's own trade deals are taken into account. Greece shafted itself. Spain is as democratic as UK, judging by Brexit &amp; UK's treatment of N.I &amp; Scotland. Maybe you were influenced by these EU myths?
Sounds like the perfect scenario
Perhaps she will give Jeremy Corbyn a knighthood next to (a) get his support for her dodgy brexit deal, and (b) prevent him from becoming PM! #StopBrexit #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Because is an incompetent chancer. He is gambling our futures on the tories ruining us through #Brexit to pick up a win at the next election - which he knows is 4 years away. this is a disgrace
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
BBCNEWS 3:00pm MIGRANT CARAVAN DEAL BREXIT SUMMIT MAY BREXIT LETTER
#pm #pmot RT Rachel5742: So Theresa May admits there is a No #Brexit option...that is quite significant given she has hitherto stated the only choice was her #Brexit or a No Deal #BrexitShambles...let's take the #StopBrexit #Remain route please...it's be…
wants the country to reunite to back her Brexit deal. The country does not want any Brexit. It was only started by Cameron to settle the internecine dispute. However it happens we must stay in the EU.
Seems Diane has finally got the message
“On the evidence now available, it cannot be said with any degree of certainty that the result would have remained the same had the law not been broken.”
I will be delighted with a hard no deal Brexit, as you well know. It was what I have campaigned for all along. I’ve been honest about wanting a hard Brexit &amp; the eradication of the Belfast Agreement. I own that.
They’re looking to use this as the reason to cancel Brexit - and they’re not wrong to do it.
Spreadsheet Phil looking a little Mueller like today...
Will it be a brexit Christmas ?
Out for Lady Bean's birthday with her friends this evening: 'The people on the next table are talking about #Brexit' 'We know' we say... *eye-roll* 'Why are you rolling your eyes? It's interesting...' #thingselevenyearoldssay
Wisdom of years, experience of disaster; Forsyth has intimate knowledge of intelligence services, past Prime Ministers &amp; European skullduggery. GET BRITAIN OUT NOW MEANS “GET THERESA MAY OUT”
Your deal is not what leave voters voted for and is worse than what remain voters voted for. Our best option now, because of 18 months of incompetence, is to go for a genuine WTO based #Brexit
No Diane Abbot. The country has looked at this absolute shitshow which you and Corbyn have facilitated and we now wish to ‘Remain’. Get over it. Stop Brexit now with a People’s Vote.
Spain Lifts Threats, Clearing Way For EU Summit To Approve Brexit Deal: A last-minute deal to meet Madrid’s demands on possible talks about the future of Gibraltar has been reached between the U.K. and Spanish governments, clearing the way for a European…
It night not be a proper Brexit, but its not the worse deal in the world is it?
If we don't come out of brexit it will be political suicide and all public trust in the tories will be lost
Daily reminder that told child rape victims to keep their mouths shut for the sake of diversity. #Brexit #politics #Labour #UK #Gangs #GroomingGangs #Islam #Diversity
I believe the current policy is doing that. They should be further ahead, it's an open goal. But no. We have had multiple discussions with local MP about this. Patience is running out, as the Brexit clock does.
Half of is don't want a fucking Brexit. None of us want this.
Disgraceful PM. Don’t believe a word she says now. May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
Yes One of the few journos saying it as it is. I’m fighting to stay in the EU not because I have some strange ideology but bc Brexit leaves us either as a colony with rules decided by others or economically harmed beyond belief. No ta.
Hunting dear in UK is being advertise in USA.they pay a lot of money to come and do this.After Brexit we will get a lot more of them as people like David Davies are begging to deal with USA .we’e going to buy their rubbish &amp;they will think they can do what they want in U.K.
There’s no shame in stepping back from the Brexit cliff edge. There is shame in cluelessly taking Britain off the cliff. #leavecampaignLIES
If you’re an Urban Planner in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
He will be missed. A bit like a huge log you just flushed.
Hurrah!
Just watching speaking at the conference. Surely there has never been another politician for whom buses, whether bendy or Brexit, have played such a career-defining role.
Whatever anyone thinks of Brexit (I hate it) or May, this thing obsessive Remainers do (I’m pretty Remainy myself) of taking everything foreign politicians playing to their own domestic audience/issues as literal &amp; unequivocal &amp; final is unintelligent &amp;, well, quite Brexiteery.
at least a knew what brexit meant xxxx
We, your friends in England, are with you every inch of the way Arlene !!!!! --
Am *this* close to writing a strongly worded letter to the PM. Am sure my missive from an unremarkable but wholly sensible geordie Mam would solve this. All she needs to do is take a day off, have a think, and tell everyone they're being daft and #Brexit is off.
hardly a secret is it?
One conclusion: the WA - even if agreed - will not "just settle the issue"... but is the start of YEARS more negotiation with EU over the final relationship
Your next "letter to the nation" should be one of resignation. You're betraying Britain &amp; #Brexit.
Reading up on today's Brexit shenanigans - Gibraltar and all- and just read Theresa's letter. My initial thoughts? #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Given that the backers blatantly lied to the public about the benefits of Brexit. No. I don't support it.
When you have concerns about #brexit #rulebrittania #proud @ Royal Albert Hall
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Wii the UK give up control of Gibraltar as part of the Brexit Deal? Time will tell.
That's a deal, go for it.
Boris says accepting current Brexit deal would be 'historic mistake'
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen | Opinion | The Guardian
That sounds WAY better. Sorry you share a birthday with Brexit, though.
Why would you say or do otherwise #outofcontrol #illegitimate #publicmindabuse
ian take a look at this? Holyhead of all places. Informed news is something that is long gone.
Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop' #BinTheBackstop
Which is rubbish since no-deal Brexit would collapse the UK economy in a matter of days.
Bloody good riddance to the staunch remainer who stabbed the core voters and done everything to demean BREXIT.
No. But post Brexit, we'll no doubt be buying melamine baby milk by the ton!
Desperate "begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal." No thanks. #peoplesvote
I will refrain from using a single swear word, but you, sir, bear an enormous responsibility for the disaster that is Brexit. I suggest you read Germinal by Zola &amp; read about the collapse of the Voreux mine to get some sense of the scale of your crime.
Yes BUT Brexit has to be stopped first.
#Brexit: tells European Union to approve deal -
#Brexit &amp; possible hardship I grew up during ww2 #UK fighting for it's life be prepared to sacrifice for what you believe in don't accept vassal status from #EU or did millions fight &amp; die in vain #lordhawhaw could have written many of today's headlines
So brexit on twitter is going to fun tomorrow, everything now come down to this, you been great EU, thanks for everything you done, but onward and upwards.
May denies 'caving in' as Spain claims victory on Gibraltar
Oh dear James, it looks like Theresa has given away Gibraltar so her deal/unicorn factory doesn’t get shat on by Spain. Still think brexit is a good idea?
You couldn't make it up...
Blue passports and a 50p Brexit coin.
Think again? Calls mount for British to vote again on Brexit.
She's behind the equally obnoxious Steven Edington of Politics UK which regularly re-tweet Veterans for Britain and the TPA (Low Tax Chloe) in some right wing Brexit circle jerk.
Your support diminishes because your followers are getting wise to your lies......think about it!
Holyhead on Brexit: ‘When will people wake the f**k up?’
Good riddance to bad rubbish... #PhilipHammond #Brexit #NoDeal
Nigel should spend his mouth on explaining how the UK media are utilised by the EU to smear those who oppose their dictatorship. Populists are not all far right,Brexit voters are ordinary people from all different racial and political backgrounds. Whatever bad happens, is staged.
I'm at the point of just finding the whole thing funny. The post of Brexit secretary is genuinely hilarious. Enjoy the theatre!
Tweet from James Felton ( )
I wonder how this ‘no Brexit at all’ is going to unfold. It’s getting more and more air time.
Interesting use of ‘we’ and ‘us’
Not a chance . #windrush #hostileenvironment #queuejumpers... We owe you NOTHING May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Indeed, BREXIT is madness You may, however, recall how vehemently opposed Scottish universities were to independence back in 2014 Because they depend on UK-wide sources of grant funds Whatever the problems in the EU and UK, putting up borders isn't the answer #saynotonationalism
No deal = (see below)
That would mean that some people would have to eat a lot of humble pie. I could live with that
How Scotland's science minister aims to protect research from Brexit - #Science #News
Sir Alan. The moment the words “no brexit at all” left her lips, the game was up. is putting democracy in the UK at risk, and anyone associated with her is aiding and abetting. Defend democracy and get your letter in. You’ll feel better for it.
Google &amp; read A50... It's section 3 you want, re extension of 2year period. Full details on how referendum process can be condensed (If we want) is here
I’m Greek, I only live here until I get deported thanks to Brexit
May urges UK public to back her Brexit
The deal is a trap - an obvious one - we will only be able leave if everyone agrees after the transition period - what is the price then? Gibraltar? - Northern Ireland? - if a politician dresses it up as Brexit they are either stupid or duplicitous - or both
JUST IN: English P.M. Theresa May penned an open letter to the people of the U.K., imploring them to "get behind" the #Brexit deal
But in the politically corrupt era we are living in we know that neither are going to happen. #StopBrexit
MORE: Tomorrow, May and the leaders of the other 27 E.U. nations will meet to agree to a #Brexit deal for the U.K. #tictocnews
Don’t tell Mrs May, she thinks she is the new messiah leading the U.K. to the Brexit land of milk, honey and unicorns !
MORE: May claims in the letter that the March 29th #Brexit date will "begin a new chapter in our national life" #tictocnews
For more on #Brexit and tomorrow's summit, visit :
This is not Brexit . Please resign and move way for people that want the best interest of our United Kingdom #nodealisbetterthanabaddeal
But your lack of confidence in Hard Brexit is worrying .., putting all your money into gold! Bound to make people suspicious don’t you think? #BtexitIsAFraud
Lies. You do not represent me. I will always be a remainer as that’s the best del#al for the U.K. there is not bright future after Brexit. Stop this madness #stopbrexit #peoplesvote
If it could declare #Brexit void, that would be the best Christmas present ever!
Theresa, I've been a Conservative all my life, never voted for any other party, and I never intend to Ive been a member of the conservatives for many years, and in the last year I've even become a minor donor. Please, for the sake of Britain, Brexit and the party, Resign.
Boris Johnson shores up DUP opposition to Brexit deal via
Put him in charge of Brexit too.
So who's going to build the wall in Ireland? Not Eire! Not UK! Will the EU send in their NEW GERMAN ARMY? Or subcontract it to TRUMP ENTERPRISES?
The British love to talk about sovereignty. Well your prime minister, the one you voted for, just gave a chunk of the Union away and for what? Slightly tighter immigration controls and a border in the Irish sea? Well if its this brexit or no brexit I'm fighting brexit all the way
Yes please
The opposite is true. Europe has been more united than ever before during negotiations. All EU members knew what was at stake and were disciplined for the common good.
Remember the hype around Grexit and speculation on the broader economic damage it could have caused and compare it to the total lack of that panic around Brexit, which is a threat magnitudes greater.
Tonight Twitter have removed 11,000+ votes from my poll (more than 90% of the votes cast). ps. I believe we are falling victim to sophisticated information management concerning Brexit and much other stuff.
Prime Minister is calling for people to support Brexit in a sincere letter
I agree about councillors but the cuts are affecting all local authorities and their ability to provide services. On Brexit, the Conservatives have shown how dishonest and incompetent they are. Craig is more interested in having photo with Theresa - need MP with backbone
Prime Minister is calling for people to support Brexit in a sincere letter
Brexit makes more sense once you understand that it's basically an intra-Tory civil war that has metastasized beyond the party, consuming British society and dragging the country to the brink.
When the whole sorry Brexit affair is done, all the Conservative government will have achieved is the inevitable ratio on this tweet.
Prime Minister is calling for people to support Brexit in a sincere letter
Brexit: Spain wants say on future of Gibraltar LONDON: Spain pushed Friday (Saturday in Manila) for a cast-iron guarantee of its say over the future of Gibraltar as a condition for...
Theresa May heads to Brussels as Spain threatens Brexit summit British Prime Minister Theresa May was headed back to Brussels on Saturday to defend the planned Brexit divorce deal even as Spain...
Prime Minister is calling for people to support Brexit in a sincere letter
"Let's show the world that we aren't as backward as Brexit-voters. Let's praise the monarchy!"
Femi speaks a lot of sense. Hear me and him having a chat about Brexit, travel and more on
It also appears as back my Brexit betrayal.
Judges are poised to fast track the potentially explosive challenge, after Theresa May’s refusal to act on the growing evidence of illegality in the 2016 referendum campaign, The Independent can reveal
BREAKING - FURIOUS Italians could hold Brexit summit HOSTAGE as EU budge... via
#Brexit #SocialistSunday Gibraltar-Who wants it anyway ? Surely we can flog of Jersey to France, give Jamaica the IOW and look like we are sorry about the slave biz and persuade Iceland to play rugby and join the union and come out mor strong and stable than ever before!!!
If says it's is running up the White flag, then Parliament should vote against it, she has nothing to gain.
They can't even get this right. Totally hopeless this is NOT A DEAL. it is a door way to nothing, a withdrawal bill for a blind Brexit with no negotiating power.
and this is why so many erstwhile Labour voters/supporters cannot vote Labour again. Your majority is far from secure if you continue to fail to do the right thing.
Hotel California Brexit check out any time you like but you can never leave
Some might say a little harsh, me I say nail hit on the head ....
I don't want Brexit. May can write to me all she wants. I haven't changed my mind.
EU president urges members to approve Brexit deal at summit Of course! It’s THEIR DEAL!! They say ‘jump’, Abject #MAY says ‘how high’?#Gibralter latest surrender #BrexitmeansBrexit Not this Crap!#EnoughIsEnough
VOTE TRAITORS PARTY'S OUT LABOUR PARTY TORY PARTY LIBS DEM PARTY SNP PLAID CYMRU ANTI-BREXIT ANTI-BRITISH ANTI-DEMOCRACY ANTI-GIBRALTAR /NI PRO-EU ABOVE PARTY'S ARE VOTE IN LOYAL TRUE BRITISH PARTY'S DUP UKIP FOR BRITAIN TIME PARTY UK DEMOCRATS &amp; VETERANS PARTY WE VOTED OUT
Swap the red for white and I’m round there. Unless of course your otherwise engaged, smoking suit, cravat, caviar..........and . Sorry, my mistake. Brexit has caused a worldwide famine in caviar.
Yes, there’s a lot of ‘Who’s afraid of the Big Bad Whip?’, and the spineless wonders won’t be forgiven. Brexit has got to be stopped: May’s concession on Gibraltar shows just how weak we are outside the EU. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
The point I'm making is THAT is how No.10 sees Brexit voters. Give 'em that, and they'll go away happy.
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk says deal 'will avoid hard border' Did it surprise you that EU leaders care more about maintaining peace on Ireland than Arlene Foster and ? Tusk actually mentioned “peace,” while Brexiteers never.
If you believe that only one side of the #Brexit debate lied, then you are either painfully deluded, or you're deliberately ignoring facts. #BrexitDeal #brexitbetrayal #BrexitShambles #StandUp4Brexit
Isn't it interesting that all the Brextremists who lied to the public are leaving us in the shite!
Fools. Brexit was the biggest misselling scandal ever.
The referendum question didn't mention "Brexit", a word that has been deliberately muddied by The Losers. It asked whether to leave, or remain in, the EU. The majority opted to leave, which means the end of all EU jurisdiction over the UK. We don't need to ask them for anything.
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to nation
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics | The Guardian
Brexit Morons via
Let justice take its course and bring about May's downfall and Brexit's exit
This thing that’s happening is just the Withdrawal Agreement right? We don’t actually know what the Brexit deal might be yet do we?
Anti-Brexit Black Friday shop offers 'worst deal ever'
It is not a No Deal Brexit but a WTO one - the way we trade with the rest of the world
Anti-Brexit Black Friday shop offers 'worst deal ever'
Awesome Story: well worth the read!
Your voice and accent makes me want to leave Western Europe Darren. Brexit is not enough.
Anti-Brexit Black Friday shop offers 'worst deal ever'
I don't want Brexit. May can write to me all she wants. I haven't changed my mind.
Theresa May would agree any deal to keep Brexit moving forward. The #FBPE community is needed now, more than ever, to come together and Stop Brexit.
I bet you will!
The fact that Parliament isn't moving to #StopBrexit just seems to me to be criminal negligence. Brexit is a crime scene - presided over by our very head of government. Why do MPs make themselves an accessory to this? Why are they not impeaching this tyrant and all her henchmen?
Yes or No?
Massive, if true !
Brussels corporatism is in hindsight a better option than Brexit.
Theresa May continues to try and get public support for her Brexit deal.
Coming nearer the end of the road surely. When May fails there may be no Brexit ????? Please
What a pile of shit, Cruella. What an utter pile of shit. You don’t represent anyone except a small bunch of sycophants and tax dodgers. Shove your shitty Brexit and shove the #Tories. The lot of you are just revolting.
... or felt able to admit it in a public open forum. Brexit is marked by a singular lack of courage from leaders from all sides to be honest with the general public and say that Brexit is bonkers and will do untold damage to all levels of business &amp; society
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
Excellent news Eloise. We should be confident from now on that Brexit can be stopped in time, by our actions
Theresa May's unloved Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself - Washington Post
I suspect that the public would now prefer to remain within the European Union #PeoplesVote
via Campaign 'Heart and Soul': UK PM Calls on Britons to Support Her Brexit Deal
This truly dreadful #British #PM #TheresaMay has shown complete Cowardice with the enemies of #BRITAIN, she is creating a Fake #BREXIT in secret talks with the EU! It is time the #ConservativeParty get rid of this poor example of a PM! #MayMustGo #ChuckMay
Ann is not the only one, 17.4 M others!
I understand what you’re saying, but Johnson’s little jokey game of pushing Brexit as a career move (we all he doesn’t believe in it) has put huge strain on families where one partner is an rEU citizen, upending people’s lives. They didn’t ask for that. He caused his divorce.
Borders are a very big issue as free movement has caused massive problems that'll probably never be fixed. We cannot allow the problem to continually get bigger. We can't cope with the housing demand and loss of farmland and the expense of adapting services to cope. Tax to high.
I don't want to pay the £39 billion either. As you've probably gathered. I'd like a #FinalSay so that, now people have seen the truth about Brexit (which bears little resemblance to the fantasy we were sold pre-ref), the majority has the option to remain.
Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation #stopbrexit
Theresa May, you are making everything worse. You are an utter disgrace May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas Wonder why #TeresaMay is ignoring the possibility of #Brexit being declared null and void?
I will remember these words whenever some oily brexiteer Oxbridge Politician starts dribbling their nonsense. These lying twats have cost the people of this country billions.
Brexit is removing those opportunities. Brexit wants to make the country an isolated island where the rich get richer. Mogg et al don’t care for majority of the country as long as their off shore wealth is protected.
And the only think achieved from her brexit is end of freedom of movement.
#Brexit for them is about 1. Disaster Capitalism - bringing the country to its knees and picking up the best bits like the NHS for bargain prices. 2. A cheap workforce with no employment rights &amp; protections or social security. 3. Avoiding &amp; Evading Tax #PeoplesVote
Beautiful. Insanity cannot win.
Yes please!
Prime Minister Theresa May made a dramatic direct appeal to the British public to support her deal to exit the European Union on Sunday even as backing from her own party for the agreement remained unclear. "Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back…
I’m damn proud of your President too, Can we borrow him to sort out Brexit please?
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News
This is a betrayal
Theresa May's Brexit plan 'pitiful', PM's coalition partners say. The EU has even rewritten the Britannic Hymn some say Screw, Britannia! Britannia, got screwed in waves! Britons never, never, shall be free but EU slaves.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal | guardian
Whatever happens in next few weeks (&amp; goodness know what that could be) it’s clear that Brexit myths are already being built to discredit any outcome that does not meet expectations of hard leavers, especially on Tory right. [1/thread] #brexitmyths
Wisdom &amp; experience of disaster; Forsyth has intimate knowledge of intelligence services, Prime Ministers &amp; European skullduggery. GET BRITAIN OUT NOW MEANS “GET THERESA MAY OUT”
One of these myths is the idea that is custodian of a pure / good / clean / hard Brexit, compared to / , &amp; the latter has frozen the former out of Brexit process. [2/thread].
If they go ahead with this the tories as a party will disappear from british politics foe generations. Maybe forever. A dead former party
Last Time an american hooked UP with the crown it ended with WWII , hope that she will not bring the curse ....oops #Brexit IS coming.
#TheresaMay writes 'letter to nation' insisting #Brexit agreement works
This is what the rabid Brexiters want. No NHS, but USA style healthcare. The NHS will be bought by USA corporations already ready and waiting. Wonder why Trump likes Brexit? That's why.
#TheresaMay pens open letter imploring public to lobby MPs to back #Brexit deal
One problem is that it’s clearly just wrong: prior to presiding over disastrous 2017 election campaign May’s closest adviser Nick Timothy was pro-Brexit. [4/thread]
And Chancellor went to Dinner with DUP on friday night, is this start of DUP capitulation by saying they want a deal
industrialisation of agriculture certainly hasn't helped the quality of food imo Makes me worried about Brexit's effect on supporting small, local farms which produce natural, good food.
I am a professional dancer and I make my living from working around the EU. There is a legitimate possibility that Brexit will remove the abilitity for me (and many of my colleagues) to work, putting us on unemployment back in the UK.
pronti a siglare l'accordo I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: #Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal -
May urges UK public to back her Brexit
Raab in particular has gone from being Brexit Sec to arguing gov deal is worse than remaining in space of 8 days. If he really was so removed from process as to be that unaware of contents of deal to that degree, begs question of why he did not go much sooner? [6/thread]
It is also hard to remember in context of breakneck news agenda of recent days / weeks / months, but Davis had a lasting impact on negotiation and political processes surrounding Brexit, largely through his spectacular gaffes. [7/thread]
Voice of the Sunday Mirror: A bad #Brexit deal but with no alternative
I would love this! Not a cat in hells chance though
. gets much stick for his 6 tests, especially “exact same benefits” test, which many consider fundamentally incompatible with any kind of Brexit. [8/thread]
Boris Johnson says Brexit deal &amp;#039;would be historic mistake&amp;#039; || || || #Northern Island
Politicians have been lying for years about policies, expenses, etc so why has such action not been taken against anyone before? Methinks these lawyers are themselves lying because they are Remainers taking action against a Brexiteer and Brexit!
UK Prime Minister Theresa May has made a dramatic direct appeal to the British public to support her deal to exit the European Union even as backing from her own party for the agreement remains unclear....
Very enlightening
See how these Brexiteers love one another! 'David Davis—the former Brexit secretary—said that what the prime minister had negotiated was worse than no deal. As far as he and other Tory Brexiters were concerned, it was “now a case of new deal, or no deal”.'
The only brexit deal worth backing is no brexit, when you deliver that the country might start to come back together. Until then the treachery of brexit will have to be resisted.
They couldn't even win a seat for their leader in the most Brexit place in England...
That is the beauty about the courst and upholding a just society. The courts are not here to stop Brexit, but must when a case is brought in front of them, take a view on whether the legal argument is valid. If that means stop, or pause, Brexit. So be it.
Davis made one other additional contribution which may turn out to be of seismic importance to the outcome of the Brexit process: he advised Theresa May to call an early election. So she history books are written Davis will hardly be a bit part player. [12/thread]
Beware of lies and misinformation regarding Brexit and the European Union. #BrexitFakeNews
These incidents suggest 2 points. 1. That Brexit Secs were not irrelevant (after all why would Brussels / Dublin react so aggressively to Davis back-tracking on Irish border if they did not perceive him to wield influence?). [13/thread]
2. May gov was never in position to turn down viable policy solutions to the various Brexit problems they faced. If Brexit Secs were frozen out it’s because they (&amp; by extension broader Brexit project) lacked awareness/ willingness to grapple with real challenges. [14/14]
'A bloody CHARADE' May’s EU visit pointless as UK will leave with 'managed' Brexit no deal
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Rhy ffycin hwyr. Too fucking late. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Brexit without Brexit is the utter nonsense of this silly woman. We are about to become the laughing stock of the free, democratic world. The Middle East and Far East will look at us selling democracy to them while betraying it ourselves. A great advert for superior, Strong,
Quite right too. All the time I have spent in Holland, Denmark, Sweden, etc tells me that those govts have delivered far more for their people than UKs for many years. If the EU is neoliberal (yes it is ) then we should look at the mote in our own eye
did ... someone ... on twitter ... just say ... something insightful ... and interesting? it can't be!
There are no tariffs on services. Average EU tariff on goods is 2.8% but the drop in £ due to Brexit, which affects all imports of goods and services , is over 10%.
WTF .. were you thinking ? "asking for a nation"
So it’s win-win
I disagree.May has colluded with the EU to overturn Brexit, the biggest democratic mandate in British history. If she succeeds in pushing her deal through it will be no exaggeration to say that Britain will cease to be a democratic nation, and that will be a betrayal to us ALL.
We need to start doing the same here to get rid of May and the remoaners. #brexit
MAKE #BREXIT COUNT UK!!!! #MAGA ARE ALL WATCHING &amp; NOW SUPPORT YOUR #BRITISHINDEPENDENCE!!! #BrexitBetrayal
I can't see a GE happening - much as I would like one. I think we've more chance of a referendum on May's deal &amp; that's pushing it some. I keep hoping the Brexit shitfest stops. Regardless, we won't be staying as the UK for much longer. The Union is truly fu .
&amp; Emmanuel Macron thinks his nation is going to be the main beneficiary of #Brexit. By, the 29th March 2019 - a second revolution might occur... in France. #ChampsElysées #giletsjaunes #24novembre2018 #Paris #YellowVests #ParisProtest
Half of us don't want any fucking Brexit. None of us want this one.
Because only people traffickers sell people? Your final question begs the answer ‘yes’. Whatever, the final outcome, I think that pragmatism will dictate the final outcome but ‘immigration’ has boosted our economy and we NEED manual workers gor the NHS, care services, farming etc
Just go before you ruin us all. Brexit in its current form is unworkable and we all know it.
Brexit will be fought against hard ad Infinitum. It’s a moment of national insanity and if you push it through, then more fool you. I shall continue to fight against brexit with all my hear, even post brexit
Brexit news: Italy may DESTROY EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row | UK | News |
A no deal Brexit is Brexit .
Unfortunately, the will of the people and good of the nation have diverged. Despite the #PM's best efforts, this delivers only a poor compromise that satisfies precious few and is not in the national interest. The #brexit circle cannot be squared.
#80thAnniversaryofkindertransport Many lessons should be learnt for today's Brexit situation and the anger and division that is occurring in the UK against ALL minorities whether from abroad or home grown. The speakers reading from a debate in 1938 showing real compassion.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
This thing of hard and soft brexit is very badly put. UK should aim for a flexible brexit allowing it to diverge and converge in different sectors and at different stages
"The people" now emphatically want a #PeoplesVote - and to remain
It’s coming!
#brexit #Gibralter SPLASH! the sound of the prime minister standing beside you,
Foster argues #Brexit deal 'not in long term economic interest of NI'. Too bad she failed to see #Brexit is not in the long term economic interest of NI
You have never given a damn about this nation. During the Brexit campaign you deliberately tried to position yourself for any leadership opportunity. It worked. Since then you've only thought of self and party, never of country. You don't care, you never have.
And not a migrant in the country deported!
Roy Foster, Hubert Butler Essay Prize: What happened to #Europe without frontiers? "Distance from war has softened its edges and sanitised its atrocities" #Ireland #Brexit (via )
Campaign 'Heart and Soul': UK PM Calls on Britons to Support Her Brexit Deal
According to barnier, chequers is the deal that May asked for, explains a lot, and makes clear that it was a done deal from the start, this is the deal I want, and I'll give you 39 billion pounds of muggin taxpayers money to pay for it..outrageous if true, criminal..
this is a non story. If May went to Wto Brexit, Hammond is unsuitable anyway.
This is being reported as news. Astonishing how few people truly understand the Ulster unionist mindset
This is history #Brexit #BrexitDeal
This excuse of a leader, has become a seriously unpredictable maverick, who is a treat to her party, but more to the country.
Nor is backing #Brexit slavishly but you pull it off every day. Must kill you #Farage won’t write for your rag
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal &gt;&gt;&gt;#Brexit must include #Women!!
Do not trust May. May wants to give 39Bn away and all our leverage. She wants us to sign up to a backstop - a indefinite customs union - we cannot get out of without EU permission. It will strip us of our sovereignty See.
Yes yes yes yes - exit #Hammond, exit Remain Cabinet. Your misunderstanding of #Brexit , your toxic negativity about what this country chooses, &amp; your intrusion into what others are suited for, is damaging our future - Go! #skypapers #lbc #bbcnews #skynews #c4news #5live
Brexit is not the solution - a stronger Europe = a stronger Britain
It doesnt tho! What's the point in having independence if you can't utilise your freedom ?I didn't vote for Brexit but dam
And hectares your
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
lmao this fuckin birdbrain
Indeed, which just highlights the hypocrisy of #Brexit supporters.
Maybe BBC should watch this on Sky News?
Insurer unveils #Brexit fallout plan to 'take back control' of your finances
Begging. There's a lot of it about. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
All of this was predictable long before the #EURef
I'm in
Perhaps the dire state of public services, housing infrastructure... And without brexit maybe government would have had to do something about them
There’s also this ...
Campaign 'heart and soul': UK PM calls on Britons to support her #Brexit deal
You'll get the Brexit you're given just like the rest of us, so stfu or demand a #PeoplesVote
Not going to work my dear, we want a NO DEAL WTO BREXIT. A clean break, FULL CONTROL. I hope after your terrible deal is voted down, you do the decent thing and take the UK OUT ON WTO terms just like we voted for. You will then secure your legacy, anything else will be a betrayal
Make no mistake, Spain's actions on #Gibraltar are nothing short of bullying and blackmail. Twice the population has voted overwhelmingly against being part of Spain. I've been to Gibraltar and for jobs and order it works a whole lot better than its neighbour.
I agree with her, people who quite obviously are against brexit, particular politicians or journalists then find their way to accounts on Twitter just to try to bully/insult folk, we all get it you disagree with her political judgement, move on.
Leavers ....really..you wanted tjis ? Leave means leave them out to dry in the sun ?
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Clearly ! #EndEU #EUdaemmerung #LeaveEU NOW !
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Wow that’s a gift that keeps on giving bring it on
Then why the fuck is she still there?
But Paul nobody mentioned an election. Some are expecting/demanding Tories “move over “ just like that.
RETURN TO SENDER Theresa May writes 'letter to the nation' insisting her Brexit agreement works
Abject nonsense. There are 27 countries, after brexit, andvthey s have representatives that vote, discuss and agree to policies. Before brexit UK hadvits Reis unfortunately you decided to send UKIP.
Re: Yours of 24 November 2028 Dear Prime Minister, We don’t want yours or any other Brexit. We want a #PeoplesVote . Will
Fuck off, a referendum result udermined by lies deserves a #PeoplesVote
Or - and hear me out here - we could *not* back your Brexit deal, because it is nothing like the promises made by Leave during the referendum, and clearly worse than remaining in the EU.
#DominicRaab is a self-regarding nincompoop. His revelation (to him) that the #May plan implies a poorer relation than #UK #EU membership is breathtaking. To millions that’s been obvious since 2016. Lions led by donkeys and the reason for a 2nd ref.
#FuckOffMay Stick that letter up your Treacherous arse Signed A grassroots Tory Activist for 30 years #LeaveMeansLeave #brexit #nodeal
Let the traitor go with all the rest
#Brexit resembles throwing the baby out with the bathwater Should have gone after Brussels instead Many EU states would have backed UK Now they'll all be economic enemies instead
This is NOT BREXIT. This is SURRENDER of a One Thousand Year Old Nation. NO WAY.
Yet another reason to go for No Deal
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - An interesting development
'ROLLIN DOWN THE STREET SMOKIN INDO, SIPPIN ON GIN AND JUICE'- E.U. Negotiating Team #Brexit
If true, it seems that the real #brexit game has just started.
Resign or force them to until EU falls and Brexit is a thing as well as all countries a part of the EU. The EU is a foundation to destroy and enslave humans. Much like that of the Democrat party in America, many socialist and globalists in that group.
We are being led down the garden path by utter idiots. #Brexit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Internet of evidence or IoT. Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker | CBC Radio
&amp; Emmanuel Macron thinks his nation is going to be the main beneficiary of #Brexit. By, the 29th March 2019 - a second revolution might occur... in France. #ChampsElysées #giletsjaunes #24novembre2018 #Paris #YellowVests #ParisProtest
Wow! This story could be HUGE for #CambridgeAnalytica and #brexit.
Based on the criminal investigation into the behaviour of Aaron Banks pre-referendum, the order by the PM to trigger Article 50 and negotiate to leave the EU could be declared void.
'Forgive us Dundalk'
The people who voted for Brexit may be predominantly stupid (not entirely but most are), but the people pulling the strings aren’t. They have a game plan and their aim certainly isn’t anything to do with more control for British voters.
Remember that song "There`ll be bluebirds over the white cliffs of Dover" ? Well I still haven`t seen any. #Brexit
She is doing it to make people give up on Brexit . We must insist its carried out and No Deal is acceptable as we will always be looked at as stupid by the rest of the World if we dont . Thatcher would have had nothing of this !
secrets brexit Boris Johnson overheard at party brexit is starting to look like FAWLTY TOWERS cobra
The damage this has done to democracy and trust in elected representatives generally, is immeasurable. How does anyone believe anyone in government with this as a backdrop?
The only letter the nation wants is your resignation. Thank you, next. #BrexitShambles #Brexit #Brexitchaos
"Meanwhile, spending by both and the main Vote Leave campaign, fronted by Boris Johnson and Michael Gove, was found by the Electoral Commission to have broken the law"
62% of Labour voters said there should be a second vote if May’s Brexit deal was blocked by the Commons.
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit: A last-minute deal to meet Spanish…
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal: The Northern Irish…
Is this a fucking parody account? The Tories "happened to our public services". 8 years of deep and unnecessary austerity and 2 years of Government Brexit paralysis. Both I believe, this numpty is a cheerleader of
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation: Prime Minister…
I said as much weeks ago . Boris Johnson calls for Scotland to Northern Ireland bridge in Brexit attack
Oh it seems clear it won't be. But it is evidence of the dramatic damage Brexit is doing and will do to the UK, externally, internally, politically, diplomatically and, already, economically. What a shambolic historic tragedy.
Unfortunately BREXIT won't be fixed by even more stupid nationalism and borders.
I am tired of the Party collusion on this and the lack of balls from the back benches. The greatest risk to Labour is the deluded position that somehow Jeremy can pull a rabbit out of a hat full of rats. Labour has nothing to lose but everything to gain, even my vote.
I just wish was Prime Minister of the UK. And if not, I hope Scotland will have an #indyref2 and get the hell out of the UK. Shame on the current UK government for its inhuman, callous, senseless behaviour over Brexit, WindrushGen etc. Go Scotland!!!
The #BrexitDeal explained in one tweet: Way worse than staying in the EU in pretty much every way unless all you care about is getting rid of foreigners
No, David Cameron was a brilliant PM and without him we wouldn't have been given the chance to vote for Brexit. The problem is Theresa may, nothing to do with
Civil servants told to stop including DUP in Brexit emails as partnership with Conservatives crumbles
That's not my Brexit, it's got no spine.
No deal Brexit please!!!
I can’t think of any. Unless national humiliation is your thing...
This article widely used to suggest Corbyn opposed Starmer supporting 2nd Ref at Conference... yet it only says "an aide", "Corbyns team, &amp; goes on to quote "an ally" (anonymous) &amp; claim the 6 Tests (previously "unachievable") are "deliberately flexible"
Ok so why have rightwing parties gained power in the last ten years if not mass immigration?
Having recently returned from the US I thought claims of BBC bias on Brexit may be exaggerated. However, I note that despite widespread criticism of Mrs May’s ‘deal’, the headlines on the BBC homepage continuously presents it as a great success. Sad to see BBC lose impartiality.
Boris Warns Brexit Plan Akin to Titanic Heading Toward Doom...
What really really infuriates me is the idea we must accept brexit for fear of the far right made by John mcdonnell. Makes you want to riot as the only way to be listened to
Quote, we must stick to our guns , corbyns negotiating as got us no where ,reply who has had 14 people resign since brexit, fobtees u turn why if not 1 more year of back sack seatee cash, my country is first not me (may ) if that's the case Gibraltar finally no jumpquespathetic
open your mind. #WTOExit would be fine.
The Leave campaign could always appeal to the European Court of Justice I suppose...
So yet again she gets it wrong. Wrong with GE17. Wrong with Brexit. Wrong with everything.
'If you defended the NHS or showed sympathy for those on welfare, you were a “wet”, an insult that performs the same function on the hard right as “centrist” does on the far left.'
Right where do we get our gilet jeunes from. On the streets !!
May must go!
He doesn’t want to do it because he is more euroskeptic than people like John Redwood and Bill Cash. #Brexit
Yes Let’s go today on WTO terms
No one forced you to run for Tory leader post-Brexit. You could have let a Brexiteer like Johnson (he had no guts to be fair), Gove or Leadsome try and negotiate their fantasy, fail and then swoop in. Instead, you’ll now be remembered as one of the worst PM’s in modern history.
She's getting desperate now. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #GTTO #GetTheToriesOut
You can almost hear the vacuum starting up, they're waiting for anyone with bit of cash that can leave post-brexit to plug the continents chronic labour shortages.
The tide has turned. #Brexit is moribund and disintegrating. Brextremists are running around like headless chickens. The truth is coming out and we’ll see the shot of mercy pretty soon. Justice will be done. #VoteLeaveCriminals #BREXITisDEAD Long Live Democracy! #FBPE #WATON
[WORLD] Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation |
Brexit and the DUP: Triumph or disaster?
Brexitcast is the only good thing to come out of Brexit. I now say ‘sound the klaxon’ when I have important news to announce at work. No one gets it. I also accused a colleague of being ‘more breathless than kunessberg’ . Nothing.
Boris forecasting his own tragic run for PM, there. Britain on verge of historic blunder, warns Johnson at DUP conference
Let's all paint EU flags on our faces and pretend the continent isn't turning to shit because of the EC's neoliberalism! #Brexit #FBPE
If you want to show your support to #StopBrexit, then come on the, #EmergencyMarch, which and are organising. Let's show that her #BrexitDeal, is dead in the water. #Brexit
#QuelleSurprise High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
About that #Brexit...
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News
&amp; Emmanuel #Macron thinks his nation is going to be the main beneficiary of #Brexit. By, the 29th March 2019 - a second revolution might occur... in France. #ChampsElysées #giletsjaunes #24novembre2018 #Paris #YellowVests #ParisProtest
1/ None. Nevertheless, it appears some Leave voters would switch to Remain as an alternative to May's deal. Indeed, some staunch Brexit supports have said the same. A 'Peoples Vote' referendum is necessary (also now supported by some previously Leave supporters. And before ...
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
It was sacrificed the day they made Brexit official.
I liked a video What Happens if MPs Reject May's Brexit Deal? - Brexit Explained
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
I have no evidence that is anything other than a patriot. I support Brexit and Putin supports Brexit - that common aim does not make me a traitor or his puppet, however. Similar thing here. You're only guilty if, like Trump, you collude with Russia, solicit it.
He’s sold out. I respect him and will follow him for his work with #Brexit but he has got this wrong about Tommy and followers very wrong. He is parroting the MSM smearing of TR as far right and racist when it couldn’t be further from the truth. Very disappointed in Farage
Now we can see why MPs deliberately neutered the recall legislation that was in a previous Tory manifesto. We should be able to recall and remove the MPs supporting this treachery
PM: “I will stand by Gibraltar” (but say whatever Spain/EU wants me to about it in order to get my dog’s dinner #Brexit deal through and shamelessly cling onto power) #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVote
This page is for those who have socialist views, and who want cooperation between all the parties with similarities (not the tories, ukip or the lib dems). Not all socialists support the EU; some of the nonsense within the brexit 'deal' is all about keeping Corbyn out of No10
Unfortunately it's not a letter of resignation. #BREXIT #BrexitChaos
The "nation" does not want #Brexit....but thanks anyway #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Heard it all before, nothing new in the letter, immigration has always been an anathema to you, Brexit gives you the fig leaf to impose your prejudice regardless! Freedom of Movement is a ‘right’ and a privilege for all British citizens and you’re stripping it away.
Theresa May is a Remainer at heart. Unfortunately, there wasn't a candidate, of the highest calibre, who could challenge her for Tory leadership. Those, of us, who voted for #Brexit, have been done up like a kipper.
The have handled Brexit with the same skills they did with RHI
Hahaha good luck Italy Greece failed sold out by it's politicians &amp; of course Brexit also sold out by our govt.
#Brexit #TheresaMay Jesus Blaire was evil. Now we have this half whit.
Wants to add bell to that chain and start to moo like a cow on heat
So, one way or another #May has cut Gibraltar loose in order to get her crappy 'deal'.
‘#BorisJohnson said the #UK was on the verge of “making a #historic ‘mistake’”.’ We know: #Brexit.
You're right. And the calibre of people May put in cabinet who were incompetent. Johnson as foreign sec. who offended all, Davis who lied and did nothing, Raab ditto. No-one underperformed for Thatcher. Will never forgive poll tax, but Brexit is a different scale of horror.
I agree! I hate the DUP for your conservative principles, and for the politics of Paisley that endangered the union with the division for Republicanism to thrive. This is a bad deal for the UK as a whole, and I voted Brexit for what I believe to be right for the UK as whole.
EU continent uses roman law / UK uses common law - of historical importance.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
There’s no shame in stepping back from the Brexit cliff edge. There is shame in cluelessly taking Britain off the cliff. #leavecampaignLIES
Tracing threads to 9 other docs within the 300+Articles and 19 Annex's. Certainly room for improvement. Last hour presentation for you. #Brexit #EuropeanUnion #WithdrawalAgreement
You have sold us out, we do not accept your plan. So disappointed in you, you lost my support with this betrayal. Time to let someone with a true vision of Brexit take over.
Precisely. This Guido clip is a prime example of the intellectually dishonest misinformation that has bedevilled #Brexit right from the start, and it's regrettable that presents Guido's deceptive summary as an "authoritative statement" without doing any sanity checks.
French govt. officials say they cannot tell us what measures they may pass by "ordonnance" in future to protect/secure the position of British in France until they know a) if it's a no deal Brexit b)what reciprocal measures UK proposes to protect/secure position of French in UK.
Ex-British FM Johnson says Brexit deal like ‘Titanic’
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
NWO people. #Brexit #JustSayNoToMerkelandMacron it is NOT for the greater good. #greatergoodisadisaster #donotbelievemerkelandmacron
Turbochargeddognonsing....you don’t like it? Stop fucking Dogs you Brexit weirdos!!!
For the many Will of the people. #PeoplesVote
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
hello my UK friends, is this for reals or just wishful thinking?
WOW. Leave Campaign literally actively BROKE THE LAW in a bid to secure their Brexit. if the referendum is compromised and democracy obscured , why is everyone still hell bent on legitimising these *criminal activities*? #AaronBanks breaks Britain
I found this YouGov poll from June 2018: 58% of leave voters blame the govt for Brexit going badly. 58% of leave voters equally blame the EU. 59% of leave voters blame anti-brexit politicians - with 39% also blaming remain voters.
i genuinely can’t even put into words how ridiculously stupid and awful i think brexit is
TRUTH BE TELT!..MUNDELL IS A TRAITOR TO SCOTLAND!...AND WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY AS SUCH!...
There’s no shame in stepping back from the Brexit cliff edge. There is shame in cluelessly taking Britain off the cliff. #leavecampaignLIES
(Brexit: Theresa May writes 'letter to nation' insisting her withdrawal agreement works for 'whole UK') When I became your prime minister the United Kingdom had just voted to leave the European Union. From my... -
Britain on verge of historic blunder, warns #Conservatives at #DUP conference; he should know about blunders - Boris Bridge + zipwire, Boris Bus, Water Cannon + flogging off fire and police stations etc
No Prime Minister is better than a bad Prime Minister in the latest poll only 3% of the entire country ‘fully supports’ your Basketcase Brexit ..for god sake just GO!
Just die already, #Brexit!
Shooting itself in the foot. Hubris. #Brexit
..and lets not forget also, Maybot said 'no deal was better than a bad deal'! So, if no deal = catastrophically bad, where does that leave us?
Let go for it. this is a good chance for Tory voters to Get rid of . They will not be a great loss. We need to replace them with honest MP's, no move schemers, liars &amp; blackmailers.
Let me make one thing abundantly clear. The argument that #Leave voters didn't have a specific deal in mind when they voted may absolutely be true. What they didn't vote for, however, was further integration, which is what 's deal creates. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Not while they are supporting Brexit.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Take Robbins and Barwell and its a deal (no deal)
Interesting.
Well they are if. Ay tries to join WTO after #Brexit. Argentina will veto till Falklands handed back. Its a no brainer.
Nobody in Gibraltar thought it would be the Tories who stabbed them in the back. But hey, that's the will of the people. #Brexit
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg
2 yrs to bring us this thin gruel #OnYourWayMay ... not a hope in hell #BetterIn
via Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation Reuters World News
Good, he is terrible.
via Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal Reuters World News
via Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit Reuters World News
Really not seeing the downside of this
Brexit: Theresa May writes letter to nation insisting her withdrawal agreement works for whole UK Letter to the Nation?! The woman is mad..
BREXIT LATEST: Wiltshire, Rutland, Surrey &amp; Leicestershire fall to the EU. Prime Minister May is delighted that her Withdrawal Agreement secures the integrity of England, with the exception of those parts that have had to be given away.
Wishful thinking.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Brexit deal almost done, but Spain holds out over Gibraltar - Times of India
I matched 77% with No Deal in the #brexitquiz. See where you stand at
Really, I saw all their Cuts coming through and knew it was going to get nasty, thats why they are finished whatever happens over Brexit its 1997 all over again Tbh Its all coming home to roost, unless they are planning to call some sort of state of emergency and stopping any GE?
Obviously we are always going to differ on this but I am constantly disappointed at my fellow Brits' utter and complete inability to see things from others' POVs and to see the corruption and hypocrisy they have indulged in for years. No wonder we have Brexit.
I don't see how the “various criminal offences [that] may have been committed” changed the outcome of the Brexit vote. The High Court shouldn't declare Brexit 'void'.
Please can we stop with the brexit pish, my mentions are going nuts
new post Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the...,,
And a Brexit sketch xxxxx
Parliament seizes cache of #Facebook internal papers #CambridgeAnalytica #Brexit #FakeNews
The only way out of May’s Brexit chaos is for Labour to force an election | Owen Jones | Opinion | The Guardian A GE is a multi-issue affair, not a single issue one. Corbyn never had a policy on Brexit and has failed the country massively.
‘Somebody has to win.’ We have to make sure it’s us. No concessions, no giving up. Remain.
Look here how media is putting words to public.
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal -
May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Sorry, I know that’s what you wrote. Agree, an appalling deal with impossible conundrum but PD extract quoted is recipe either for ‘frozen Brexit’ (as per yr linked piece on WA) or permanent default NI backstop, if UK wants independent trade policy (including FTA with EU).
You should’ve been focused on delivering a Brexit for the 52% and not the 48%! What percentage of Labour’s manifesto will you implement? Absolutely disgraceful I can’t wait for you to go.
I'm so glad about Brexit, you won't loose me Rebecca.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen | Opinion | The Guardian
There’s no shame in stepping back from the Brexit cliff edge. There is shame in cluelessly taking Britain off the cliff. #leavecampaignLIES
Splendid
You also have support from #FBPE in UK. Brexit and Trump are two cheeks of the same arse. #ClimateChange
Nope, resign and let someone who believes in Brexit deliver it. Many thanks.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
... says a retired Brexit voter who has a bit of trouble with your and you’re. Still, you gotta find something to do in your retirement- just a shame it’s not constructive criticism.
My chest is hurting. A part of me thinks it's due to the non-stop shit-show of Brexit news. But it's probably more to do with the fact that I've been smoking about a million* cigarettes a day since I was 16. *exaggeration
smoking a blunt listening to real lies..on my brexit shit
There’s no question that the #bbc has let the country down badly over #Brexit and the once unmatched has sacrificed much of its journalistic integrity. Very sad.
DUP says will vote against Brexit deal unless backstop removed - Reuters
Yes I think shambles described Brexit from its inception. Yes political leaders work to remain relevant more than they work for the good of the people. And yes civil servants work to keep governments working as leadership works to distract from their mess.
Surely this level of criminal activity around a referendum and misconduct, and deceit warrants a cessation of all policy around Brexit. This sort of crime used to be called treason. Put a stop to it please. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
Brexit: Theresa May writes ‘letter to nation’ insisting her withdrawal agreement works for ‘whole UK’
Mays Brexit isn't Brexit. We voted to leave the Eu this doesn't do that. You want another vote with a Remain option. We're not silly we know what you are after.
#brexit Britain
NO NO NO!! #NotWhatWeVotedFor still does not understand what Brexit was all about. #Freedom #Liberty #Independence #Democracy the right of a Nation &amp; it's people to be the masters of our OWN destiny. Not some half in half out total sellout ! #BrexitBetrayal
An EU colony? Shock remark on BBC panel reveals 'how EU beat Britain' in Brexit talks | UK | News |
From at -- see also brief UCL academics' video: "A Second Brexit Referendum: how would it work?"
No need to renegotiate Brexit deal: Germany
Brexit deal sell-out protects barbaric trade of sending live animals abroad for slaughter: another total May failure.
What an abysmal state... Ireland makes the barrel and Spain the tethers, UK bent, caned &amp; rodded by the EU. Like some bizarre Roman scene. 1000yrs of shame and all the people who died defending it waiting for you Mrs May #may #eu #brexit
What a disgrace. should ashamed. The people of Gibraltar deserve better than this. Withdraw #article50. If the Tories and Labour are too stupid to vote it down then let's have a #PeoplesVote
She could'nt deliver a frikkin pizza,let alone Brexit...The whole thing smells like another Heath stitch-up.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not. #BrexitChaos
No deal is better than the deal #Theresamay cut with May must resign! Hard Brexit! No deal, no payment of extortion money to the EU! Free trade deal with America! #brexit #NoDealBrexit
Thousands are joining this massive open letter to MPs to give the people a final say on #Brexit -- add your name!
Courts wont stop Brexit , nice try , too late in the day , what's your next dream to stop Brexit .
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
And then 2016 onwards...
When a Brex MP finally becomes PM &amp; ends Maybot Red Tory conspiracy UK will take revenge on VaREDkar by ending economic deals w EIRE
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms (from )
#BrexitBetrayal #Brexit has, under its new HARD REMAIN EDITOR, Geordie Greig, (best buddy of Remain-iac Chancellor Phil Hammond) become a pale imitation of its former patriotic self I am shocked that solid brexiteer journalists like still work there
The EU+enablers will stage events at Brexit rallies to make it appear organised by far right skinheads there to cause trouble. The MSM will pick it up and run with it. Nigel should understand this as he is still regarded as a far-right racist because of the smear campaign on him.
I live in hope
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Firmly believe the only way to get some closure on this brexit shit storm is to have #PeoplesVote - the deal or remain as only options .
Welcome to the political Scam of Me or Nothing....Utter B*llocks.... get rid of her and we can have a real #Brexit! #StandUp4Brexit #Chuckmay
There’s no shame in stepping back from the Brexit cliff edge. There is shame in cluelessly taking Britain off the cliff. #leavecampaignLIES
In the years to come, “Brexit” will come to mean not so much Britain leaving Europe, but Scotland and Northern Ireland leaving Britain.
After parliament do that my friend NI shall vote to remain in the EU via a UI. #Think32 #Brexit
having trouble deciding which Brian Cox is giving Tories shit over Brexit.
STOP BREXIT - Petitions
Apparently the Brexit Demo in London on the 9th December has been changed to later in the day it is now from what I am hearing 3pm.....please everyone check just in case. x
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
We already have zero tariffs with the largest customs area in the world which makes up more than half our trade. That’s why the Brexit argument is vapid nonsense drummed up by right wing idealogues
They broke the law a d lied to you..when you going to be like bill
and were Brexit ministers. They are leavers. They presumably tried to do the deal.
No need to renegotiate Brexit deal: Germany
Lifeline here for you - if we were you we'd take it, any Brexiteer arguing against it would look like a crook....oh hang on!
It is physically part of Spain. What is the problem? It is a left over from a 1713 useless war.
Her effort is misdirected
Looking at trip to Belfast in early April. Reluctant to book to go Holyhead-Dublin by ferry, and then train, because god only knows what #Brexit fuckwittery may transpire if we end up with #NoDeal, even if it's awful lorry queues on A55 at Holyhead. This is all completely insane.
State of emergency needed now to address environmental conditions as a matter of urgency... #brexit is NOT the priority ..safety of air we breathe, water we drink, soil we get our food from &amp; future we bequeath our children = THE concern that should unite us #ExtinctionRebellion
Oh James you cannot stop brexit, try to come to terms with it.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
letter to the nation asking them to get behind her #Brexit deal
If only the founders had thought to add such an option to the Constitution...
Hard Brexit looking more likely. #isolatedireland
Let’s get out, so May’s Brexit withdrawal plan is the only option on the table....
. What do you see happening with #Brexit? 1. Hard Brexit in March 2019? ----What happens? ----What's the future of Ireland/Northern Ireland? ----Gibralter/Spain? 2. Some softer deal with the EU? ----What will the deal look like? 3. Brexit delayed? ----How long?
I hope it's extra Christmassy the last episode because it will be the last one before Brexit, they might have Boris as the Anti-Santa this year, stuck in a corner...
President of the European Council says #Brexit deal will avoid a hard border in Ireland.
"racism and xenophobia among the pro-Leave demographic has intensified" #Brexit.
Olly Robins, Tim Barrow, Sarah Healey, Philip Rycroft and Glyn Williams need jailed for treason. #Brexit
All PL fans know is brexit ball
BBCNEWS 3:08pm BREXIT SUMMIT. Theresa May issues pubic plea over Brexit deal ', I BREXIT SUMMIT. Prime Minister writes a 'Ietterto...
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal Instead #revokeA50 or at least #PeoplesVote with #OptionToRemain
Is any capable trusted institution able to ask what leave could look like ? Or are they all corrupted by a short term EU money funnel.
You mean, the kind of sticking to your guns that leads to this sort of thing?
The WA will be chip paper if it gets ditched in favour of EEA. We will be looking for a new PM to boot. Brexiteers had better start seriously engaging or else they will get a remain led EEA+CU.
what will it take for you to know when the time to go has come? Resign.
Don’t waver hold . Brexit is a disaster
The Latest: N Ireland party leader rejects #Brexit deal - Miami Herald
Prime Minister May, I am a Canadian watching this across the pond and I must say I think this is a bad deal for the UK. I read that the UK parliament needs 320 votes to pass this Brexit deal. Up to 80 of your Tory backbenchers will revolt. Is there anyway you can make changes?
#Brexit please, you know it makes sense.
Who would bother reading more of your lies - with your proposed #EU serfdom state - you have betrayed your party, its manifesto, your country, and 17.4 million #leave voters. That's why you are called 'Treason May'! RESIGN - you are worse than useless! #Brexit
Beggars the question winner of what? A divided country, a shambles of a benefit system, homeless dying on our streets, rising poverty, rising food prices, and a brexit nowhere land. Hmm but I can see why Tories would call that a victory. - They are not exactly the brightest bunch
‘With Brexit settled...’
Good news if it happens.....
Declaring it all void will be a great present.
’s #Brexit deal is a disaster. Theresa May is a disaster. The #Tory Party will soon be a disaster if they don’t force the stumbling #May out of Downing Street. .
Not meant personal ,just the whole brexit thing is delusional, it was built on your word fear ,rather than work from within to build a strong Britain in Europe the British people were sold a pup
Why are the Government ignoring the growing evidence of a swing away from Brexit?
Ecj has been referred question as to whether #Article50 could be unilaterally withdrawn. But what is seriously weird is that has refused seriously to consider legitimacy of #Brexit vote so I share views about dark forces at work. #VoteDownTheDeal
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Oh do stop whining. You were warned, and you ignored the warnings. You won, you got the only possible Brexit, so get over it. At least you can rest knowing you'll be in the history books. As one of those people who broke up the UK for personal selfish gain.
Jesus, even the #Italians have more anti-EU balls than we do... #Brexit
Brexit is bad for UK economy. “Remain “ is the best deal.
I expect whatever continuation of present policy that best fits the unique set of parameters at the time. If the indications are that an Extension is obtainable for negotiations, then that. Any new deal subject to Parliamentary approval. Leave. Remain. Pro-brexit. Pro-remain.
The world has gone mad. First Brexit and now this.....
Arlene saves the day again.
"A deal for a brighter future which enables us to seize the opportunities that lie ahead." O Mrs May, we're not sure you really believe this tired #Brexit rhetoric. A lot of us certainly don't.
Out of my mind: Resolving a crisis
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
[REUTERS] Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation |
BREAKING NEWS : Spain Has Now Dropped It's Opposition To 's #Brexit Plan, and The E.U. Is Set To Pass The Measure. ( This Sure Looks Like A Success for Mrs. May ! ) Source :
This is brillaint. Will #democracy in the UK live again? We truly hope so High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Taking back control and and ending free movement? Your Brexit supporters would settle for taking back bladder control and free bowel movement.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Gawd I hope they overturn Brexit. Europe must stick together, what with the aggression of Putin.
Shameful...
Just noticed that the author is you. What a load of biased crap. Can't believe you're getting an academic position based on writing this drivel. "Soft brexit", as in leaving all the powers to someone else? Someone else which includes all the horsemeat exporters! Unbelievable.
Destined to be studied by our children as one of the greatest fuck ups of all time. So many opportunities stripped away from them in exchange for a blue passport. #Brexit #indyref2 #MayMustGo
Absolutely humiliating. Pathetic. A letter inviting the country and its people to be worse off on every level. This is not leadership. It’s a disgrace.
Oh dear! Santa will be visiting you inside,
#Brexit : High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation.Judges poised to fast-track explosive legal challenge after Theresa May’s ‘failure to act’ on growing evidence of illegality #ArronBanks
#TheresaMay urges British public to back her #Brexit plans in extraordinary open letter
The Spanish concoct outrage at the Brexit deal and May and her clique suddenly clear it and the Spanish outrage disappears! What are people to think when they are taken for stupid by the #worstprimeministerever ?
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal' | via
The hard and soft narrative was pushed by Remainers after the Leave vote. Obviously the clean-break Brexit was presented as "hard" and undesirable while the "soft" was their preferred e..g. Norway style exit.
Martin Rowson on the PM's Gibraltar-Brexit conundrum – cartoon
I’m sorry but no chance. This “deal” is a dead lame duck. You never aimed for an aspirational Brexit - instead seeking “damage limitation” &amp; to remain close to the EU without membership. £39bn given away for nothing, still subject to EU demands without any say. Disastrous.
There’s no shame in stepping back from the Brexit cliff edge. There is shame in cluelessly taking Britain off the cliff. #leavecampaignLIES
Does anything else make you cackle as promptly as any Brexit article that opens with the phase “Theresa May confident...”
Philip Hammond will quit the Cabinet &amp; take 5 ministers if Theresa May considers a #NoDeal. Hammond new ‘gang of five’ Cabinet ministers Amber Rudd, David Lidington, Greg Clark, David Gauke
Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
It's OK. You've changed your mind on Brexit more times than Juncker is pissed so your opinion is taken with a pinch of English sea salt
So like a bendy Brexit?
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Given our governments track record in negotiation I recommend we hired either Gil or Lionel Hutz as the next Brexit secretary. #Brexit
You lying piece of shit You should be hanging in the Tower for treason This isn't Brexit Resign
If a hard brexit threatens your existence you’ll not go down without fighting?? If leaving the EU threatens your existence you’ve managed to put yourself in a situation that shows you’re an idiot who should never be left with any kind of responsibility. Muppet!
So sad to read this letter from the Prime Minister. Why should the nation unite around a policy that was sold on lies and will make our children poorer? A strong leader would have challenged the referendum result long ago. #Brexit #NotInMyName #PeoplesVote
Another coward probably promised a future knighthood for supporting May. This you think the the 17.4m voters are believing this deal is Brexit stop twittering this nonsense. It’s a surrender. No one trusts Tories lies anymore. #Maymustgo #ToryLiars
#EU leaders set to back May’s #Brexit plan as she appeals for public support
#EU leaders set to back May’s #Brexit plan as she appeals for public support
Yes ! and you can help save us. #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #FinalSay
It's 11 o'clock on Saturday night. Hell yes, I want to squint at a letter about Brexit! Afterwards I might go wild and submit my meter readings.
I thought I liked May..but she would sell her Granny for this thing..#noshame
BTW, I do not like it. But the disaster that is Brexit makes it both predictable and inevitable - and entirely self-inflicted as the 96% in Gibraltar who voted against it knew.
Brexit is the biggest misselling scandal ever. They have betrayed our country. They have lied to us all. They have pandered to the whims of Fascists. They have been shown to be incompetent fools. We want compensation. They should be imprisoned. #PeoplesVote #informedconsent
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU - #LatestComments
Matty, did you get the photo of Woody? Hope you’ve had a good day despite the rain. Don’t tell me #Brexit is on the agenda at 1am on #LBC, again!!
None of us want her, none of us want her poxy deal, and I suspect many of us don't want Brexit at all. What we DO want is a bloody #GeneralElectionNow
Theresa May: "I will always stand by Gibraltar...." #TheresaMay #Brexit #EU #Spain
BBCNEWS 3:09pm BREXIT SUMMIT. Theresa May meets Juncker and Tusk in Brussels 4 I BREXIT SUMMIT. PM: UK's position on Gibraltar hasn't...
Who knew #Brexit was all about fish?
How the DUP could make Theresa May job impossible
This would be the best Christmas present ever! Please let it happen.
Natural England has 'lost independence' due to repeated government cuts, chairman tells MPs
"Citizens of nowhere... Saboteurs... Enemies of the people... Queue-jumpers... can I count on you? Jolly good."
Shame on all of you this is not #Brexit and it's worse than #Remain
Brexit mean Britain exits UK; Ulster simply takes our money and exports terrorism, lets dump them.
The irony of Theresa May not giving a shit about what the public thought about brexit and instead put party ahead of country, now appeals to us to get behind her crappy deal.
"The Brexit people", Remainers and the British people cast as three separate groups in Blair's article. Tells you all you need to know.
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation ...
No. This deal strips away my rights as an EU citizen. It restricts the geographical area I can work, and limits the futures of my kids. You insult me personally by calling me a citizen of nowhere, and you insult my intelligence by pretending this is a good deal for anyone.#Brexit
Not a chance
If he backs it then it is bad for the UK. we had better junk it and walk away on WTO rules asap
It's this or WTO brexit !
No Prime Minister is better than a bad Prime Minister. (credit ) #WithdrawalAgreement #TheresaMay #Brexit
What makes you think labour will do any better with brexit? Your hierarchy have been anti Eu their whole careers.
. might ask about this quote from the 2014 DUP manifesto: "The DUP recognises that the Single Market is one of the European Union's most transformative assets. We want to maximise the economic opportunities that it presents for NI.”
Afraid not. The law gives govt emergency powers in case it's suddenly a no-deal Brexit. I have impression they would like to help us, but "reciprocity" is a key word. It will also depend on what UK govt proposes to help French in UK.
We Germans often have to suffer for our past history and no we shouldn't forget. But sometimes when I read or see the British Tabloids about Brexit and the attacks against Frau Merkel or we Germans as still the bad guys. Then it seems you Brits have clearly forgotten your past.
May - power at any price
Unbelievable
As you cause huge problems to them as result of Brexit
Don't worry ToryBoy after Brexit there's be loads of cash available for all these services.
In 2016 UK voted for #Brexit &amp; now know it was based on promises that have been exposed as fantasy &amp; lies. A true democracy would allow them them the opportunity to vote again based on the facts &amp; reality. #EU #BrexitDeal
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
That’s just not true. We want to #leave the EU as quickly as possible and want the Referendum result to be upheld and implemented. We want a #hard #Brexit.
The British colonial occupation of the Andaman Islands decimated the tribes living there, wiping out thousands of tribespeople &amp; only a fraction of the original population now survives. So the Sentinelese fear of outsiders is very understandable cc Brexit?
You are a man who knows his dinosaurs. Handy in the age of Brexit &amp; worse.
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
But you already have sovereignty. That is the point you are missing. That is why the Brexoffenders are so upset with Mays deal. Because it gives sovereignty away. Brexit is dead. Time to bury it.
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
All this to appease right wing Conservative MPs. What an absolute travesty #Brexit
There are a small number of basic agreements that both sides would need in a clean break wto brexit so that the nonsense like “ planes won’t be able to fly etc” can be avoided but a free trade deal should be left until the dust settles.
Did you see these legal decisions?
Spain tightens its grip on Gibraltar. Another example of how #Brexit means we are losing control.
Just so ashamed of the nasty shabby country we have become
Yes. It sounds like it’s in a separate case:
And juxtaposed to a May Brexit plea. Why is that moving forward again? Facebook needs to be nailed hard as only the EU can do, but still, how is Brexit still going forward?
Realty dawns ........
Popped in for a late look at Twitter before switching off bedside light and end up with tears in my ears at tweets of families being separated because of Brexit. It’s terrifying.
I think she lost credibility when she claimed aliens had rigged Brexit using counterfeit money from Mars.
Liar. You literally said "If you're not a Brit you have no right to oppose Brexit". You think that being British makes you superior in deciding the rights and freedoms of non British people. Don't try and pretend it's anything other than good old fashioned racism.
No person of any moral standing could unite behind this Brexit, bought on lies, fear and hatred. is a person of no integrity.
Only in the heady days of the Empire did we do anything unilaterally now everything is with others and if we can’t trust neutrals and we expose them then no deal you headbangers.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics | The Guardian
"existing reciprocal access and quota shares." maybe not looking forward as much to visiting Peterhead to explain. Kippered.
Many EU countries have severe long-term economic problems, with rapidly ageing populations, huge government debt, bloated bureaucracies, endemic corruption, and powerful crony-capitalist vested interests that hinder reform. #Brexit
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Judges poised to fast track potentially explosive challenge, after May’s refusal to act on the growing evidence of illegality in the 2016 referendum campaign.
Like this......
Yes that is why they are not giving us Brexit.
You would be much more convincing if you could back up your claim that #Brexit WOULD NOT be a disaster by producing evidence such as a study/ Stats rather than just saying it Sir !
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th-Hour Spat With Spain
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal &lt;- No.
And we stiff upper lip Brits are taking the whole Brexit betrayal lying down whilst having our bellies tickled. Not a fan of the French, but they do know how to make a point.
Worse
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
james you keep thinking of ways to stop Brexit , your funny ,
But will the UK Gov under sell Gibraltar out? Another reason to vote down this Deal.
Let him go Let him go Don’t hold him back anymore Let him go Let him go Point the way &amp; slam the door We don’t care what he has to say Let us all move on No deal doesn’t bother us anyway #StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
When you vote for #Brexit but end up giving away half of the Empire.
#MayBots Brexit plans have no REAL end date Freedom of movement won't happen till actual deals Rcompleted Her deal will make things WORSE
Yeah can't think of any rich people who pushed for Brexit at all.
That’s democracy for you!!!
BBCNEWS 3:10pm BREXIT SUMMIT. Spain reaches agreement with UK over Gibraltar ', I BREXIT SUMMIT. Spain has withdrawn threat to veto...
Brexit deal: Nicola Sturgeon wants leaders' debate on draft agreement
The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”. If Arron Banks is charged and found guilty, he could go to prison. The man who played a big role in securing Brexit could yet help to destroy it #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
No complaints if Philip Hammond resigns as Chancellor. He has never believed in Brexit and refuses to prepare the country for a potential no deal outcome.
If you’re a Writer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms: The European Union removed the last major obstacle to sealing an...
Loss of semi captured colonial markets, emerging Jpn &amp; more pressures from Eu meant the manufacturing I knew in 70s was in decline. Foreign investment/management brought changes as did exposure to global production practices. Risk losing this bcuz Brexit
Good riddance. Utterly useless.
Brexit: Theresa May writes ‘letter to nation’ insisting her withdrawal agreement works for ‘whole UK’ |
Tottenham our Brexit May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
I'm all for Brexit follow it avidly. Specifically where did the five give up Gb. And I don't believe that Spanish twat that he got something out of it. That was just for a domestic audience.
Meltdown!
TRUMP BREXIT Sat, 24 Nov 2018 17:00:00 CST
He won’t do that though David. Even if the PM delivered a Brexit he found entirely acceptable and passed his 6 tests... he’d still want to disrupt. I fear too many of our politicians are too self interested ( Con and Lab included) to genuinely represent what the public wants.
#TheresaMay Why do you persist when you know it's futile? Is it simply to save face? As that is all it can be. As nothing else makes any sense? Your vanity is killing Britain. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitShambles
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Totally agree
" constructive ambiguity" has never worked. We all see it for what it is: deceit and cowardice #CorbynOut #NoVotesForBrexitParties
Para 2 - shows you don't understand democracy. Vote Leave had the majority, on that basis negotiations should have been made. Trying to satisfy both sides of the debate has resulted in your useless fantasy #Brexit deal, which is the worst of all worlds. #Leave #Remain #MayMustGo
No we want to leave the EU. We want #Brexit and want the vote result honoured and implemented as soon as possible. We don’t want a #peoplesvote
I do everything I can, but I also know my country: it takes us 6 months to fix a lift inside a tube station, no way we are going to Brexit in my lifetime. We are simply not capable.
The EU is a busted flush, it’s almost too late for our MPs to save the UK from the awful fate that Theresa May is leading us towards. Now is the time for all MPs to do the most important thing they will ever do for our great Country Vote down this deal and deliver a real Brexit!
The real reason for #Brexit. Time to wake up Britain.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
We have a lying, irresponsible government in this country urging its own people to be afraid of a No Deal. Outrageous . #brexit
Her agreement, you mean the EU's The Brexit Betrayal Agreement.
This is a 52-48 brexit mate.
. the Remainer At Heart.
Me and Mom are stocking up on lard. We`ve got around 50 kilos in the cupboard under the stairs just incase. #Brexit.
God, she's no geranium, is she.
What more proof do you need that it’s a rotten deal.
And May sold our Country down the Swannee #Brexit
#room101 This Monday going to a Brexit info session in Room 101.
No, we don't have it. If the referendum result was honoured, Brexit would regain it. It's like being pregnant, you either are or you are not.
You betrayed the U.K with your pro E.U exit policies on brexit. Resign now &amp; go to WTO rules. You're a disgrace.
Natural England has 'lost independence' due to repeated government cuts, chairman tells MPs #austerity
Labour need to back a #PeoplesVote otherwise they own Brexit just as much as the Tories
What? Should I shave and post it to her or something? She is certainly going for the sensitive areas! #BREXIT #bbcnews #TheresaMay #news
The other reason a May-Corbyn debate would be pointless is because they both want the same thing. The only difference is the name: Brexit &amp; Lexit.
Buenos Aires says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
This country will Never reconcile behind brexit brexit destroyed us
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation via
She's taking back power from the EU. Didn't you understand what #Brexit was about?
It really doesn’t take a lawyer to know this but it’s nice to know we are right in our assumptions
&amp; silly sausage #TheresaMay failed to use Art 7 EU citizens rights directive to stop #immigration from #EU when in home office with EU law (Europeans need job/money &amp;health insurance to stay &gt; 3 months). Unfortunately, most of Brits voting were uninformed about it
No thanks. How about you back a #PeoplesVote now that the 52% finally understand what Brexit means?
Usually, I can relatively easily pull out a salient part to "retweet with comment" in summing up but, reading this eloquent piece, it's apparent I can't without retweeting the whole dam thing. So best read the whole dam thing:
I have always been concerned about how the UK reunites that Brexit is cancelled But I will take some temporary comfort from the fact that the UK is currently united about one thing: whether you are a Remain or a Leave voter, we all agree that May’s deal is rubbish! #PeoplesVote
The reality looks NOTHING like the promised land (as many realised before the referendum). Those who insist that the public still support Brexit can have nothing to fear from a second referendum. But, ultimately, it’s time for INFORMED voting &amp;a chance for the abstainers to vote!
. bitingly brilliant as always! "I very much enjoyed Dominic Raab talking about a “negotiated no-deal” on Friday, which does seem to be the moron’s oxymoron."
She always coveted the job and is in politics purely for herself
Confused why it’s a dispute - Brexit should mean Britain exits the UK - Ulster has only ever brought Britain ‘troubles’ - literally. Let’s cut ourselves free of that cancer known as Ulster!
Theresa May's open letter to Britain: ‘My Brexit deal works for everyone - whether you voted Leave or Remain’ Is she having a laugh?
On the 27th anniversary of the death of Freddie Mercury, Donald Tusk quotes a queen lyric (friends will be friends) to describe post Brexit UK-European relations. Perhaps the words of a song Mercury covered would me more suitable to describe the deal?.. The Great Pretender.
What does the High Court do unless it exercises it's prerogative - Banks unlawfully influenced the referendum - void it
I want to stop brexit, not because it is the easy thing to do, but the right thing to do. #StopBrexit
Theresa May's letter to the nation was posted at midnight on Twitter, just on time before the EU approves the deal on Sunday. #Brexit
Brexit Through the Looking Glass...
The EU have us by the short and curlies. #brexit #bbc
The “b” in plan b means “brexit”
The reason why I voted to leave the EU was to gain back sovereignty, to control our own laws and to not be governed by a different country. #Brexit should of bought back the golden age to Briton. May is stopping that from happening and she must go.
I do not want brexit, and those that did want brexit don't want this... Just listen and stop this. We will end up with nothing, stop this madness.
The only reason I’m scared about Brexit is because I read that Lana del reys album was supposed to be out before a deal was made so now everything’s pretty unsure
Falklands. Economy reliant on tarriff-free access to EU single market. Namely, squid to Spain.
But the Ref was found to be based on lies, fraud &amp; dark money. It is illegal on 11 counts. What sane person would pursue Brexit based on a total fraud?
What were and up to then? Weren't they attempting Brexit to your taste?
What is a proper Brexit, Raab? Fact is, you and none of the Brexit cunts can answer it because it doesn't exist. Fairytales to protect tax avoidance. You're going to pay for it.
He didn’t do his duty when it counted:
"Theresa May writes 'letter to the nation'" She won't put the correct postage on it and we'll all have to pay for it.
I believe batten is damaging brexit by sidelining Ukip
are you really going to allow the PM to sell this Nation out? a no deal Brexit with WTO is so much better.. get those 'no confidence' letters handed in so, the people get the Brexit that they voted for..
Brexit latest: Theresa May says she’s staying after wave of resignations leaves her teetering on the brink
"There's one for you, nineteen for me... TAXMAN!!!"
Ciao. I met this chap today didn’t worry to much about Brexit,until I mentioned the adequate food situation. Now he’s not so keen.
It’s not just that: Johnson does politics entirely for self-interest. He didn’t support Brexit because he believes in it. We all know he doesn’t. If he treats people’s families and livelihoods as a career plaything, screw him.
Sorry, it’s the Brexit Busting Conspiracy!
I hope you Brexit folk are enjoying this 'cos the rest of us certainly aren't.
The brexiters will sell out GIBRALTAR as they intend to sell out Ireland, Scotland, &amp; the integrity of the UK They’re a petty English nationalists with no loyalty to anything but brexit
"Theresa May caves in to demands that #Gibraltar should be taken off the table at key Brussels summit as Spain withdraws its boycott threat and Tusk says #EU leaders should vote in favour of #Brexit plan" via
There’s a universe where May’s EU Deal is successful. We don’t live in that universe.
If one of my staff started openly undermining me, they'd be out the door. Politics is a strange game.
‘Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit’, the Spectator says, as if Brexit were a beloved uncle. Why should the Irish Prime Minister wish to facilitate Brexit in the full knowledge that it would damage his country - and not just economically?
On the BrexitCentral podcast this week, John Longworth – Co-founder of Leave Means Leave – says the loss of trust in British democracy over Theresa May’s Withdrawal Agreement is even more profound than Brexit itself, and said he was in “no doubt”...
Awesome. “The order by the PM to trigger Article 50 could be voided. it’s a big thing to litigate the very validity of Brexit. if Russian athletes win medals when they are taking drugs, their victories are not valid. The same is true of a corrupt vote.
No, I'm voicing an opinion on social media. Do I want Brexit stopped? Yes. And before you tell me 17 million voted for it, that means 49 million didn't. But I sense you're a troll, so I'll say goodbye.
Yes or no, question couldn't be simpler. All your qualifications are variations of Brexit so just say it
interesting plot twist
please read and digest a Tory MP in tune with voters
Thank you. I like the #MeghanMarkle ones but I'm not really political. I don't know enough to use them. I am just #MEGXIT #Brexit and that stuff. Jobo x
I think at that point the cabinet may be the least of our worries ...
Heading to a Brexit NHS hospital anytime soon.
Five Ministers to Seek Softer #Brexit if May's Plan Fails: Times
Shocking #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal
This is the problem with Lancaster house as a starting point. Everything other than a no deal is a “soft” brexit, even though Norway option was a staple brexit position pre referendum
Lock him up! Crooked Johnson!
Oh do fuck off, retard. Did you not read the bit about type 1 diabetes? A hard Brexit is a no-deal Brexit, and that could well pose a real danger to me and many others. So you're the fucking idiot, and woe betide you ever get any responsibility. #Fuckwit
Brexits main aim is cutting foreign immigration. No matter for how long you have the nationality or how much money you earn or how many times you back Brexit up, you're not a native white british and deep inside will always be considered a 2nd class by them
MAYDAY: Secret Whitehall contingency plans reveal Britain would start to run out of clean drinking water within days of a No Deal Brexit, as “just in time” purifying chemicals cannot be stockpiled:
Brexit won’t fucking happen anyway, you muslim apologist wanker.
But less involved and several people complaining left or didn’t even stand at GE which would have meant a better Brexit. You left recently?!
Famous last words of a soon-to-be Former Prime Minister. #Brexit
Spanish PM withdraws threat to boycott EU summit and says Madrid WILL vote in favour of Brexit | Daily Mail Online
Yes please. Can we pick the five we would like to see go?
Yeah. Lets move off Brexit and remember you're the PM who wanted to take lifelong savings and inheritance off the mentally ill. Brexit saved you. #deluded #dementia
Five Ministers to Seek Softer Brexit if May's Plan Fails: Times
Brexit is short for Brexicutioner
Traitor
They used the same level excuse as Davis’s German Car Manufacturers to Spain thinking the whole Spanish economy evolves around Brits on Beers in Benidorm or TOWIE in Marbella ... it doesn’t - the latest impact reports clearly show Spain is one of the least effected by Brexit.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation. Huge Xmas present for some!
Bloomberg:- Five Ministers to Seek Softer Brexit if May's Plan Fails: Times #news #WordPress
via Five Ministers to Seek Softer Brexit if May's Plan Fails: Times
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Via : Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Theresa May issues pubic plea over Brexit deal. 505 BBC news HD. Yes, it’s true.
Theresa May copies Tony Blair’s tricks in propaganda blitz to sell her hated Brexit deal to Brits
. bitingly brilliant as always! "I very much enjoyed Dominic Raab talking about a “negotiated no-deal” on Friday, which does seem to be the moron’s oxymoron."
Every one read please
Win win
'Don't destroy Theresa May,' Boris Johnson told the DUP. 'Let me do it for you.'
You keep showing me how ignorant you are lets start with this
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
I say! Just hang on a cotton-picking moment! That Boris chappie is a Leaver and therefore an über racist. So why was he happy to be photographed with you, eh? Fake news, I’ll be bound! ;-)
On a very grey and cold day set out to check what the people of Swanley (an area that voted 70% Leave) thought about these 3 options: 55% called for No Brexit (See photo attached). 16.5% support the Government's deal 28.5% would prefer No Deal Let democracy speak
It's a shame though you have failed miserably 2 achieve a #Brexit deal which meets leavers requirements. I would suggest you pull the EU ceremony Sunday &amp; spend the next few weeks playing hard ball with the EU 2 get a better deal in the interests of all the British. Spain did it!
If you have to resort to personal remarks in a political debate, it means you have nothing of any value to add. #Politics #Brexit
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation #news #breaking #trump
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation: Prime Minister Theresa May made a dramatic direct appeal to the British public to support her deal to exit the European Union on Sunday even as backing from her own party for the…
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation: Prime Minister Theresa May made a dramatic direct appeal to the British public to support her deal to exit the European Union on… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Buh bye now
No Deal only happens if there is a successful fightback, meaning no Hammond at #11. Brexit is for the brave, to be embraced, and should not a damage limitation exercise run by Remainers. Millions of lions led by a few donkeys. That's what got us to this dismal place.
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Sturgeon challenges May to Brexit debate
Have a feeling your hashtag won't be trending anytime soon- unless you've paid an army of your 'followers' to retweet it, that is. #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #Brexit #GTTO #GetTheToriesOut
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
I take my food hunting very seriously. (It's also good practice for the post-Brexit apocalypse that all my Remainiac friends assure me is *definitely* going to happen.)
Leo Varadkar says hard border not up for discussion regardless of Brexit deal fate
Why would anyone back ? She was a disastrous minister responsible for Windrush and now a dreadful PM and an avowed remainer too willing to sell the UK short in order to save her own skin
- true Brits know that they’ve been deceived by the people in Alex’s tweet. We SHALL overcome and we hope you will be magnanimous when we return, hands outstretched in friendship and apology for allowing the charlatans to have their day.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat she’s thoroughly working on a deal best for the U.K. and the EU
Explosive news on possibility of declaring #Brexit void:
This deal is a total #BrexitBetrayal and total negation of #Brexit It gives away control of our laws, taxes and economy and NI and Gibraltar to our economic competitors. You are like Chamberlain at Munich. I did not vote for this #StandUp4Brexit
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation (Reuters)
Were you going to Skeg or Grimsby? Or Immingham even? I imagine you could be making a programme about fishing post-Brexit?
Come folks, cross those fingers..... High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Join on an #rtetwip special programme from Brussels tomorrow on at midday. Repeat 10.35pm #rtepolitics #rtenews #brexit
There is a saying that insanity, is doing the same thing over and over time and again and expecting a different result. Sadly that is the same definition of Theresa May and Brexit
Hi Deborah, what do you think about the Arron Banks investigation Independent headlines 2 hrs ago ? High court could rule Referendum process corrupt and therefore Brexit null and void ??
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit dealThe UK and Spain reached an agreement Saturday over the status of Gibraltar once the UK has left the European Union.&lt;img src=" height="1" width="1" alt=""/&gt;
something tells me Kay is no fan of Brexit..just a hunch...
Good Riddance #PhilipHammond ! We will cry NO tears for YOU ! #Conservatives #ToryShambles
What Jones doesn’t own up to is the fact that millions of ‘Labour’ voters voted for Brexit. It wasn’t a ‘party’ vote. We should imo have had a bi-partisan approach not allowed May to hi-jack proceedings, but Corbyn hasn’t helped by having no clear policy and pretending otherwise.
she is a remoaner PM With a remoaner cabinet A remoaner Tory party A remoaner House of Commons A remoaner House of Lords 17,400,000 have no representation RIP Democracy is dead Murdered by remoaners The great Brexit betrayal
Everyone should be responsible for their own future, rather than waiting for external saviors. Brexit garbage deal should be voted down by MPs, and if May does not resign immediately, a no-confidence vote should follow, deposing her. Let’s be brave, and save democracy.
Can you spare a minute to help Dr. Michael Hopkins?
Really basic #Brexit question here: Why is it so great that #May is getting her deal signed off in Brussels if it isn't going to get through here?
We can but hope #FuckOffEeyore #StandUp4Brexit
I want to stop Brexit based on recent evidence over collusion, misappropriation of funds, personal data and that a criminal investigation should be held to identity all those responsible. Plus the fact it’s economic suicide.
Check out the responses to this tweet! Hundreds of great reasons to #StopBrexit !
I rest my case - "when was odd the new normal on twitter?" It's this or Non first 11 players fume or Brexit fumes
Spain Reaches Deal On Gibraltar, Brexit Summit To Go Ahead: Here's What Happens Next | Zero Hedge
Lexit is Brexit... in sheep’s clothing. No thanks.
Don't forget Trump and Brexit! The world has, like, totally ended 3-4 times in the last 3 years.
Brexit means biped
Still so stupid, you can’t change these kinds of people, they are looking through the world thru elitist lenses
No GE until we've had our #PeoplesVote on #Brexit
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
I've always said that at the end this, the people who brought about Brexit won't have to worry about the "law", it'll be the mobs they've created coming after them. People don't like being lied to and they don't like being used. They'll all pay for this.
The only "Real Brexit" is a "No Deal Brexit" and nothing else
Brexit means Brexit is an anagram of Extra Imbibers Next
This question - "Say something that's not in the script! How do you f e e l about Brexit?" (- Paul Henley, . ) would have been appropriate here too:
The truth about a nodeal #Brexit #EU:Not just no #tradedeal, but a #UK without rules to govern trade in radioactive materials, international electricity markets, financial-contract clearing, aviation, medicines, immigration control etc via
#BREAKING High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Over 300 replies and not one in support. Theresa May's has done the impossible: united the country against her Brexit deal.
You're Scottish, so a real fish out of water post-brexit?
The European Parliament President Italian CATHOLIC Antonio Tajani. At the time of Brexit it was GERMAN CATHOLIC Martin Schulz. The European Council President: Polish CATHOLIC Donald Tusk
I think Brexit was an ill-informed, ill-prepared, poorly conceived and vaguely defined referendum plagued by outsider influence, and if anything a more thoroughly considered proposition should be voted on. JMHO as a yank with lots of Brit and Scot relatives.
Ants never go away, they just crawl into the dark and multiply. The Mercers are dark and cynical with 2 much money, my guess, Bannon and Rebecca were involved
Good riddance sh*thead Hammond
Me da is leavin Ally Pally chanting Brexit means Brexit, never been so proud.
Cliff Taylor: No-deal Brexit would point squarely to a hard border via
No such thing as a “true” Brexit - it was all a pack of lies. Democracy already severely damaged by MPs showing low intellect, low principles, and low honesty.
have you've very heard so much tosh, #whirehalk really ratching up project fear jo deal scaremongering mk2018.
Excellent News. Bring on NO Deal #Brexit Lets take OUR Country back &amp; Save £23MILLION a DAY
2. And the figure on the side of the bus is back from the dead. With an upgrade. Make NO mistake, this is a Leaver's Brexit. If the ultras chuck this out and Parliament delivers an EEA 'Norway for Now', I will laugh myself stupid.
Sunday Brexit Summit..#HighNoon
9th December London. What a ####### Gammonfest that's going to be, mind you only 2 people turned up at the last gig..... Tommy Robinson and UKIP team up for march against Brexit betrayal
Meanwhile, our allegedly wonderful Environment Secretary is lying low, furthering his career, and judging his moment. He couldnt give a damn.
Lookingon the bright side, it won`t matter if you like eating bent bananas anymore ... I mean, come on, straight bananas are no fun anyway are they ? #Brexit
I and my fellow #Brexiteers fucked it up to keep the plebs unhappy so they would vote in droves to vote for #Brexit. Its called divide and rule. I will be the next PM after I divide and rule the That's what public schools like Eton teach. #divideandrule
All parties (bar the Greens?!) have divisions but if you're supportive of the poor, Labour's position on the EU must be challenging.
( The joke of the century) teresa May writes 'letter to the nation' insisting her Brexit agreement works
Theresa May's Brexit is a fake.
#May open letter to #Brexit
Surely blair/Brown government are the worse of all time.. they are the reason we are in this immigration mess which in turn has forced the majority to vote brexit
sort your shit out will you! Article 13 is a load of bollocks, cancel it now before you fuck this country up!! Brexit can bloody wait but saving this country is more important right now! The UK is a mess caus of you. But hey you wont listen caus you are incompetent!
I’m not sure a letter to the nation at 11PM on a Saturday night is what you might call the ‘right message’ for something as important as Brexit
Brexit was the titanic. We need out of this illegal mess BJ helped create.
You're Scottish, so a real fish out of water in Clacton post-brexit?
Did the Beeb start doing the right thing and backing #BREXIT?.. I cancelled my licence a few months ago because they were full of remain shit
As opposed to delivering a Brexit of any kind for that will do huge and lasting damage to the country. Well done!
The brexit bunch told sophisticated lies in the beginning and now they are replacing the old lies with new lies.
There’s no such thing as a true Brexit! I’m sick and fed up with MPs manipulating politics with brash statements that they know best and could do better than the PM. The fact is they slide away from their responsibilities to their constituents. Nothing in black and white from any
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation [RTR
Since when did 'Taking Back Control' mean giving up Gibraltar? Brexit gets more &amp; more diabolical every day... &amp; we're nowhere near the worst yet. #ToryShambles
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
The UK is “on the verge of making a historic mistake” if it votes through the draft Brexit agreement, former British foreign secretary Boris Johnson has said.
Can we have that in writing, please? Off you pop - you won't be missed! #NoDeal #NoDealBrexit #WTO #WTOBrexit #Brexit #NoDealIsBetterThanMaysDeal
#BrExit ain't over quite yet ... #Blackmail is in the air?
Every cloud...
So it’s come to this. May issues pubic plea over #Brexit. Good one BBC captioning department. Bonuses all round.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Brexit. New Vote needed. Setting that aside. Spanish, lost the invasion, lost Gibralter, lost last week. Please go sort the Basques #EspanaCiudadana
Britain is bordered by the M25, everyone else is colonial cannon fodder to these self serving.... #Brexit
Now stop your pussyfooting and tell us what you really think
May's so called Brexit deal is more staying than leaving
"Return to sender". #Brexit #BrexitChaos #TheresaMay
Now people a lesson to be learned here. This is a perfect Poxymoron
Naw, nothing lasts for ever, and the Tories, long associated with the British Empire, is now a spent force from yesteryear. Brexit is both their swansong and signature policy.
You’re not serving the British Public merely the bankers, As a Tory myself and an active member of the party I have never spoken out against a conservative MP whether I agree with them or not, but you Prime Minister are a disgrace not serving either Brexit or Remain voters
Operation Yellowhammer warnings convinced Gove that No Deal is a no go - schools, hospitals and offices shut as risk of poisoning to millions would spread around UK. Read the full horror story here:
PM May’s ‘Letter to the Nation’ ahead of #Brexit summit, where leaders will ‘enforce + approve’ the Withdrawal Agreement + Political Declaration. #May will campaign with “heart + soul” to win the UK Parl vote + says that soon the terms “Leave” + “Remain” should be “put aside”
No they did not. Mays first statement re Brexit, was to threaten the rights of EU nationals in the UK. She set the tone, thankfully the EU has decided not to join her on the gutter.
Right for a change. I mean correct for a change. Paris coble stones have long since been tarred over to stop them being used as lethal missiles by students. Some students however, never grow up.
Even more reason for #Nodeal!
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal If it’s such a great deal why not give the people the final say #peoplesvote
He is do idle and ill-informed that another leader would have sacked him within 3 months of appointing him to the Brexit post. Full of bonhomie, bluster, and crap.
Aren’t the public over Brexit?
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
The British people aren't stupid. They will very quickly work out that May's "convenient" agreement does not mean we are getting a proper #Brexit. Stand by for a revolt at the ballot box
Sturgeon challenges Prime Minister to Brexit debate
Plague of locusts next...
Nope. Bring on #PeoplesVote and #StopBrexitSaveBritain
You're Scottish / Ugandan, so a real fish out of water in English Clacton post-brexit? No wonder UKIP never wanted to be ENGLISH...!
Top man Daniel should be our PM
Remainers going all-out to stop a proper Brexit.
I didn’t realise there was anything other than leave or remain on the ballot paper in 2016, people didn’t vote for any specific version of brexit
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
No Deal it is then.
Oh she's *written a letter* now. OK then. Right behind you Theresa. I thought Brexit was a catastrofuck until now but your words have convinced me this is a fantastic deal sure yeah whatevs.
Take your Brexit deal and stick it up yer arse! The people of Scotland don’t want it, we never voted for it!
Given, that the NCA statement,when they took over the Banks case, made clear they were investigating offences other than electoral offences, I struggle to see how potential sentences might not be much longer than that.
Nothing like Harry Redknapp (top left) to sum up my views on Theresa May’s Brexit deal...
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
boom
Rather than joining Corbyns negative bandwagon, deal with the situation and let’s go forward together!! #leave #brexit
My contempt for elite Brexiters happy to bank the racist to achieve their economic goals is pretty much complete. without ‘send em back’ none of this would have happened. I hope you feel shame.
PM's deluded again (whether politically or personally I don't know). Future psychologists will have a wonderful time digging away at the public psyches of both Mrs May and J.Corbyn -neither remotely in touch with the truth, that #Remainers are also FURIOUS, but a bit more polite
A.M. Best Discusses What’s Ahead for# UK Insurers as Brexit Deadline Looms
They’re disingenuous. They oppose a second referendum because they fear remainers would win, because they suspect that Brexit is no longer the “will of the people”. It cannot be democratic to insist that we are bound by the 2016 result if a majority now opposes it.
The Gibraltar issue today reminded me of my análisis about the likely outcome of Brexit negotiations two years ago and the relative bargaining power of both sides h/t
Mays brexit deal
Bye then
Just keeping my fingers crossed. What action would result? Remain ?
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Oi! ! Do your job and represent the will of the country - we want to #remain #PeoplesVote
What is find fascinating about Brexit, as a remainer, is that the remain argument often centres on the lies of the Brexit campaign, but glosses over how almost everything from the remain campaign has also proven to be demonstrably false.
Interesting. Watch this space.
May will decline or circumscribe the questions to make her appear resilient, heroic, determined and patriotic.
Good sailing ahead! Are there enough lifeboats?
This is getting disturbingly weird now. You have just done exactly the opposite. You have thrown Gibraltar under the bus because of a stubborn obsession to have your Brexit at all costs.
We can only hope
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
#Italexit will make #Brexit look like a 5 year olds birthday party.
Brexit is a minority fetish now.
Britain on verge of historic blunder, warns Johnson at DUP conference #Ireland #News #Irish
The EU now admitting that the whole NI thing was just a convenient ruse. When the DUP made clear it would pull the plug on May, leaving the EU to deal with the chaos, there was a sudden Damascene EU conversion to a technological/trusted trader NI solution.
BREXIT: Campaign builds to force Corbyn’s support for people’s vote /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
If the Southern Irish don't like Brexit then they should leave the UK.
Brits are not safe either, not UK in EU &amp; not British here who work in Europe or need to go to Europe for their personal lives. We are living in a dictatorship. #freedomOfMovement. MPs cancel appointments with constituents claiming they support PM on #Brexit. Democracy-=dead
God bless Brexit.
Theresa May has admitted #Brexit can be stopped - now let's make it happen!
Hes resting after a long two year Brexit quack.
Even more reason to go for a no deal Brexit.
Please give me a clear answer - How will Brexit give a noticeable benefit to the average working family in the UK?
Well said... We want to break free...!
You're Scottish / Ugandan, so a real fish out of water in English Clacton post-brexit? No wonder UKIP never wanted to be ENGLISH...! Is the 'massive change' sending Scottish MPs back home?
Theresa May copies Tony Blair’s tricks in propaganda blitz to sell her hated Brexit deal to Brits
Brexit, hard or soft? Me I like a mature cheddar!
Wow!...WOW WOW WOW.
Is there anyone who likes this deal? Both ‘leavers’ and ‘remainers’ alike don’t and maybe that is what Brexit was always destined to be after such a close result?
Putting Diane front and centre means after brexit Nigel will be moving someone to the sidelines to get the missus another high paying job. Must keep the Dodd clan in the style they’ve become accustomed to. Who’s igonna be shafted?
Agree. But blaming this mess on brexit detracts from the now easy to see fact that the last time a brexit was being attempted was the referendum itself.
Brexit
I hope so too. At least we get to vote on Trump again in 2 years. Here are some thoughts I tweeted on Brexit.
Pullease!
May faces divided cabinet as Brexit deadline looms #cashawoof #cashawoofincome via
“Roberts thinks that when the European Social Fund money dries up, people will notice. 100s of millions of pounds’ worth of European money have gone in2 the town in the past few decades, he says. ‘If you told local people they’d be staggered.’” cc
NO Surrender to Eu....................BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
‘The Establishment’ engineers No Brexit - who’d have thought
You are someone possessed of a desire to destroy your own country out of hatred for most of your fellow citizens. You support brexit precisely because of the misery it will cause your own people ~
I dislike the whole idea of Brexit. I dislike your deal. I dislike Labour. I dislike your approach to dealing with EU nationals residing in the UK. In summary, I dislike all you offered so far m.
No edwena europe gets what concerns the british!, thing is we know those concerns are stupid and brexit wont address them
Theresa May’s unloved Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself
cant believe you’re not going to hashtag back the brexit deal
Brexit bullshit British bravado ie the 4 b's
No deal is what we want and voted for, it’s also what the sheep fear most, because it actually represents Brexit.
That would be the best thing that could happen to this cabinet, no deal means Brexit, they have been trying to Reverse the referendum since 2016.
What would you do if the UK decides to stay in the EU? Please #Retweet #Brexit #BrexitDeal #brexitbetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #politics #NEWS #DUP18 #WTOBrexit #Wto
I agree they have to go , but we need to stop Brexit first. Despite the majority of the LP conf being in favour of a Peoples Vote ,JC continues to go on about a Labour Brexit-which is not possible or desirable, imo.
If Parliament can do this, surely it can stop Brexit. It only takes some courage, willingness to be non-partisan over a non-partisan issue like Brexit to get a free, unwhipped vote on whatever deal/stay in the EU.
Given practically all the Cabinet Brexiters ran off when faced with the realities of Brexit it's a bit harsh to blame most of it on May.
Dear . . Sort #Brexit out or these pair get it.
What are you scared you will not win? The mess remoaner May has made affects many aspects of the nation. Only a GE will deliver the Brexit people want &amp; is a compromise for a 2nd referendum. Or are you not mature enough to compromise but have tantrum til you get your way
Rubbish. I'll never forgive them for supporting Brexit
40 reasons to back the Brexit Deal
Go David!!
Good news: a no deal Brexit will end HMT’s obsession with sin taxes!
I saw all this coming in 2016 and I devote about 0.01% of my time to Brexit stuff You were supposed to be at the heart of it all Just how poor at this are you?
I just wish it were going for a no deal Brexit! We would be totally divorced from the EU blok and far better off as a result! Initially there might be some jobs lost, but if there were they would soon come back!
Boris arrives at DUP conference as he prepares to savage Theresa May's 'sell-out' Brexit deal | Daily Mail Online
Literally there's no discussion about this here. Granted, I'm in the UK, &amp; w/ Brexit &amp; the government starting to collapse, people don't have time to focus on anything else. But #Article13 will affect the UK just as much as the EU, it matters. #SaveYourInternet
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal
Resign you Traitor. You have already shown us your words are empty. No deal is better than a bad deal. Brexit must mean Brexit. You said it but you clearly never meant it. Why would we believe you now? Your whole strategy has been to capitulate at every opportunity. Resign.
I and my fellow #Brexiteers fucked it up to keep the plebs unhappy so they would vote in droves for #Brexit. Its called divide and rule. I will be the next PM after I divide and rule the That's what public schools like Eton teach. #divideandrule
Is brexit over?
Hoey did her best to ruin the EU and now is bitching because it more likely to ruin UK. Varadkar stood for his country
Ping
I do genuinely think she doesn't want to leave us at the mercy of the Brexit Bunch. That's why I'd rather have a fresh vote than her resignation - I have nightmares of Rees-Mogg as PM!
This ladies and gents, is a lie. You should always be wary of believing anything that comes out of the mouths of IEA and TPA. Their secrecy around funding means they are neither objective nor reliable. Commercial vehicles entering any EU port will subject to customs checks.
You're Scottish / Ugandan, so a real fish out of water in English Clacton post-brexit? No wonder UKIP never wanted to be ENGLISH...! Is the 'massive change' sending Scottish MPs back home, so the English can keep their 'Barnett' taxes?
Spanish PM: Brexit Impasse on Gibraltar Cleared After UK ‘Accepted Conditions Imposed by Spain’
Best Christmas Present ever if true. ‘High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas’
They no longer photograph footwear.
Five Ministers to Seek Softer Brexit if May's Plan Fails: Times
Come on do it quick, please before they stitch us up with May's Brexit agreement
Best Tory party leader appointments as far as Labour winning next election is concerned: J Hunt, B Johnson, A Rudd, M Gove, J Rees Mogg. Worst replacement leader for Jeremy Corbyn: K Starmer, E Thornberry (best not to replace him). Worst danger for Labour: say "no" to Brexit.
- Spain, Britain at odds over 'Brexit'
Presumably, it must believe that Catalunya is not Spanish?
It didn't influence my decision one iota, but in what way was it's lie, apart from the fact that the budget provided a Brexit Bonanza for the NHS, much higher the the £350 million a wk on the side of the bus.
Joint #UK #Spanish sovereignty over #Gibraltar is not what people want. A push for it in the wake of #Brexit is a violation of the right of #selfdetermination &amp; #undemocratic. I say this as a #EU &amp; #German citizen.
And WTF has that got to do with #Brexit?
Fantastic news.. please take Mark Carney with you too !
What your expectations for Brexit meeting
I want to stop Brexit because it will destroy everything we have developed, built, shared, loved, been frustrated by, enjoyed over the past 40 odd years. And because it has given us peace and stability. The EU is for the future of my children and grandchildren.
She must go, she’s the worst Prime Minister we’ve ever had.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
You should be much more insulted by how little inclination the Irish government has shown to use Brexit to pursue reunification. Being “insulted” by a students debate is ridiculous. You’re not in Ireland anymore, mind you.
No Deal is now our only viable option!!! #Brexit
Full of lies and bullshits. This referendum was built on lies as long as your "good Brexit deal" arguments. You're killing your country and you definitely know it
The latest Migratory Patterns! Thanks to #immigration #brexit
Already too late I fear Lolly. Only good outcome chance was those letters. If voted down by Parliament GE, Uncle Fester and the Marxists win, no Brexit ever and UK bankrupt. Pathetic by Tory MPs
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
What can you say the Conservative MPs are just as much responsible for the treasonous actions of Theresa May, they have stood by and done nothing to put a stop to May's collusion with the European Union. They still won't vote her out they are all as corrupt as May is.
I don't like tjis bloke..but his message is right
You are right, but the vote in favour of Brexit of many Common Wealth members has unfortunately been driven by jealousy over EU citizens' supposedly undeserved favouritism, i.e. as an opportunity for leveling the playing field, and hence, we are seen as whiny entitled Europeans.
It goes from bad to worse. This is appalling. May is an absolute liability, like having one of the EU negotiators in charge. She really is not the Prime Minister, but a pretender, undeserving by her own actions. She must go if Brexit is ever to have a chance. #MAYOUTNOW
But you're anti brexit?
Throughout this process i have found you to be disingenuous about the whole #brexit situation,i am afraid i have lost confidence in your leadership and your government,you accorded the people the vote,please enact the result,do not ask again #believeinleave
They still seriously think the British public will believe crap like this? Will the ever learn?
Let’s hope this is true, if he could take John Glen and there #LoanChageFiasco with them please #2019LoanChange #loancharge
Theresa May Takes Her Case for Brexit to the People
Go away and take your unwanted #Brexit with you. It is not 2016 anymore. #PeoplesVote
It's weird isn't it, coz I thought we held all the cards and Brexit would be easy... maybe I was listening to the wrong Tories.
DUP leader Arlene Foster blasts May's Brexit deal as 'worse than a Corbyn government' | Daily Mail Online
I actually think it will be a referendum vote for deal Brexit or a Remain no Brexit. Once that’s done with we can all get back to work and the government can start running the country at last.
We defended our Nation in the past.... we had a great leader Now I am not so sure #BackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit #Nodeal
And #DodgyBanks has Inspector Knacker feeling his collar.
An example of a deluded woman.
Now! Get going!
You needed to work on that before the Brexit vote. Too little, too late.
Most important #Gibraltar agreement since Utrecht? What about Seville (1729), Aix-la-Chapelle (1748) and Paris (1783), legally binding treaties (unlike today’s agreement) in which Spain affirmed its cession of Gib to UK in perpetuity
Why have I been hearing about Brexit for years?? Can they just do it already?
David Miliband: Brexit deal is worst of all worlds
How about you do your job of policing the streets and leave Brexit to those of us who voted Leave. You useless Pratt!
You're Scottish / Ugandan, so a real fish out of water in English Clacton post-brexit? No wonder UKIP never wanted to be ENGLISH...! Is the 'massive change' sending Scottish MPs back home, so the English can keep their 'Barnett' taxes? Eu £350m/wk, Barnett £320m/wk?
Aussie media portraying Mays brexit deal as a done deal btw. Gibraltarians may see it differently. Only brake on it is the DUP...#returntoserfdom Uk...
fact Brexit: Donald Tusk says deal 'will avoid hard border'
If that isn't scary enough try this, when will this nonsense end and that woman removed from office? Over to you Boris &amp; Jacob, the people put their faith in you, time to stand up
They are prepared to ruin future of young Brits, of older Brits &amp; the middle aged too. Wrecking British business. Is their no end to what they will destroy on the sacrifical altar of #Brexit ideology!
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
I don't want 48 Christmas cards, I would prefer 48 letters handed into to the 1922 Committee. #BrexitMeansBrexit #Brexit
Contrast the homeless man kicked out of the station &amp; left to freeze to death while the Police officer watched a DVD while on duty. Brexit has turned everything mean, ugly &amp; nasty
Just cant wait for her to be defeated
#brexit Welcome to Theresa May's selling out shop. Today's Black 'Friday' offer #Gibraltar going cheaply to pirates on the Spanish Main. Tomorrow #Ulster and the #DUP?
So I’m respectfully asking my mp to vote against the deal. We should not fall for the no-deal bluff. We must force a new election or referendum
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
What makes and think Brexit might bring people in the UK together? It won’t. And, now it is clearer what Brexit means (not Brexit!), more want to Remain than Leave.
Look ! Do not let us go!
Good riddance to the lot of them
Narrator: “It turned out that Theresa HAD let Gibraltar down”
The woman who blinked first and is willing to sell down the river the most patriotic Brits to be found anywhere. 96% voted to remain in the EU but now vulnerable to #Spain Like Peter Hain and Jack Straw before her, Theresa May doesn’t give a shite about #gibraltar #brexit
Can #Gibraltar ourselves have a say? Or will we have a special separate agreement decided for us? Also the mention of co-sovereignty feels a little 2001. We voted against this then. Our minds haven't changed since, even with #Brexit.
EU - Just a free trade bloc between friendly neighbours* *but if you ever try and leave, you'll die of thirst
A leftwing UK post-Brexit is as likely as a socialist Rees-Mogg | World news | The Guardian
Please?:
Project Fear campaigns are not credible.
This is desperate from and all the more ridiculous given she refuses to give the public a #finalsay #PeoplesVote
We're being denied a precious freedom. To influence or change OUR Government, it's direction and of OUR Nation at the ballot-box. So what then? The Brexit debacle set to engulf us is a symptom not the cause. We have an unfettered professional political class to be reined in HARD.
Ending free movement of UK citizens to work, live and retire across the EU. Stopping the vast economic benefits from the single market for the UK. Now is the time to say, what a disastrous, shameful and, humiliating hard Tory Brexit deal for the UK. Don't buy it.
So it would seem that Brexit was a terrible idea all round. We already knew that, which is why we voted by an overwhelming majority to remain. Now we find ourselves vulnerable to Spain &amp; having 2 pick up the pieces of a plate we didn’t drop. #Brexshit #godhelpus #bestofabaddeal
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal By PETER FOSTER EUROPE EDITOR 24 NOVEMBER 2018 • 8:00PM Months ago the...
It outrageous. Our country is surrendered , in retreat, giving away assets and there is No War. .
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
Bet that Argentine beef is tasty, though. Brexit, the gift that keeps on giving.
New update: UK would run out of fresh air in the event of a No Deal.
The article quotes David Trimble and Ray Bassett! Liam's pro-Brexit agenda trumps any attempt at partiality. Why would a hardline unionist like Trimble and a hardline Brexiter/Irexiter like Bassett say anything differently. Lost some respect for
What is a true brexit?
Queen’s Christmas message to include plea to EU to STOP BREXIT
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal Your Brexit deal is good for absolutely nothing. Lying about it cannot hide it. You want us to agree to the decline of the UK. We cannot.
Hell YES!
I really don't understand how you can see it as a good thing for 44% of people to be told told they're no longer getting the sole focus of our political establishment for two years, something that they voted for in June 16 and considered a settled matter.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent let's a go
Don't see this on the BBC and it turns out it's not Russian state funded propaganda. The same as the brexit game. This is the largest ever propaganda campaign ever waged against the British people since WW2
Theresa May copies Tony Blair’s tricks in propaganda blitz to sell her hated Brexit deal to Brits
Theresa Chamberlain has sold us out at every opportunity, I'm infuriated beyond words. So I'll express my anger through the medium of riot. #Brexit
This young lad, is SPOT ON! I scrolled through on the day of the #UNVisit2018 and I didn't see anything for 14+ hours either. I saw multiple #Brexit articles though. How is that MORE important than people suffering all across the UK? #WelfareRebellion
IT'S GIVEAWAY TIME! To enter visit eKidShopTeam Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation #epiconetsy #atsocialmedia #nearlycooked #sendhelp #mom #proffessionalphotography #geek #autumnleaves #getcosy
When you were first elected you pledged to fight for the poor and tackle injustices- but look at universal credit, food banks and rising homelessness. So forgive me if I don’t believe these new promises on #Brexit
Brexit is a class betrayal. So why is Labour colluding in it? | John Harris
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
It's austerity and a Tory government that causes job losses, not Brexit or labour listening to the peoples will. A peoples vote will just cause more chaos and division and even if the result is remain, we will still have a tory government. We need a general election. FULL STOP
A clear reminder for about the #ConservativeParty #Manifesto! Just more LIES?? from #TheresaMay the LIAR! #BBC #SKY #LBC #StandUp4Brexit #BREXIT
UK is broke, since Thatcher we been selling everything to work with problems rather than solutions. Eu don't need the uk. Boris doesn't mind a hard brexit as he is filthy rich, but what about the rest of us. Boris mogg gove etc, utter vain plop plops.
Both obviously
what were they doing before then?
We've been over that ground already, Stephen. In the event you were asked, though, should I assume you'd be of the "we voted once, that's enough, democracy stopped on June 23rd, 2016" school of thought? I hope not, because #Brexit would be a disaster for the many, not the few.
Dividend!
Scotland is amazing like that, free uni fees, you should have come to Scotland, free uni fees for all EU student (pre-brexit)
Possibly, and I’m just spit ballin here, because you were mislead into a disastrous result by charlatans and snake oil salesman. It was and is damaging to Ireland too and the members you chose to deliver it have no clue about the troubles or that the UK is an Island!
This #TakeBackControl Brexit thing is going well, isn't it?
We’d have done better with Foster as Brexit minister.
"...The case will argue that Brexit must be declared void and the notification of Article 50 quashed, because “various criminal offences may have been committed”.
Wessex. Never forget Wessex! #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead #WessexIndy
How Brexit affects Ireland is very much his business. What EU member states are doing now is supporting and protecting each other, which is one of the benefits we're giving up!
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
employ this guy to deal with #brexit
Shut up, nobody cares!
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough new demands to lock UK into joint fisheries deal
Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her #Brexit deal in letter to the nation
I have supported you up to this point and i must say i think you did as good as anyone could in getting a deal..but there lies the problem. The only true #brexit that could work is a #nodeal brexit. So if you are not willing to deliver this for the sake of the uk you must go.
Wow, just wow. So in the “40 reasons to back the brexit deal”, the thing they lead with is ending freedom of movement- ie taking rights away from British people and espescially our kids. And to think I once voted for these people .....
May’s Brexit deal kills hopes of ban on live exports, campaigners warn
The EU gave the Brexit she asked for... She's a Remainer who's betrayed us all.
The latest from The Scotty808 Daily! #aloha to #brexit #politics
Until you give up on it to ensure your shambolic Brexit deal goes through. No surprise really, you gave up on the people of Britain long ago
Theresa May pens letter to British people as summit on Brexit accord looms. May says once U.K. leaves EU 'we will ... begin a new chapter of our national life' but 'to do that we need to get on with Brexit by getting behind this deal.' Background:
Government has been unable to deliver the promised Brexit as its impossible so Mrs May should be honest about that and offer chance to stay in 2nd referendum as it’s less awful than this subjugation, vagary and dishonesty and please note I was a leaver !!!
Well, this isn't at all worrying......
Up this shit, you cannot make
Gibraltar - 96% voted Remain. Sold out by Theresa May and the nasty policy of Brexit. It won't be forgotten.
Sure, Diane Hahahahahahahahahaahahhahahaha. It's funny cos it's stupid. Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
This is like a quote from the Ladybird Brexit series.
Yes because thousands of deaths of homeless and disabled, the selling off of NHS contracts and Brexit, is perfectly acceptable.
Donald Tusk tweets poignant Freddie Mercury lyrics ahead of crunch Brexit summit
Diane Abbott says the UK would vote Leave again if there was a second referendum
'A bloody CHARADE' May’s EU visit pointless as UK will leave with 'managed' Brexit no deal
Belgium: Juncker meets Italian PM Conte ahead of Crucial Brexit talks Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte arrived in Brussels on Saturday, for a working dinner, ahead of Sunday's summit on Brexit with the 27 European leaders. Subscri...
Brian...get stuffed. Own your own shit. 1/2 the cabinet were #Brexitwankers and both #Brexit ministers...in charge of getting the deal walked away. Take some responsibility for this fucking mess. #stopbrexit #peoplesvote
GOOD RIDDANCE
Nah, this isn't a deal it's a con. When the minister for Brexit says he'd prefer to remain than back this pile of shit you have to think that perhaps this aint getting through parliament.
"I think this is the beginning of the 'internet of evidence' where lots of pieces of smart devices are going to show up in criminal prosecutions,"
They all need to held to account one day.
I think that Mrs. May's aim is to make sure that the agreement is voted down by MPs, so that she can say #Brexit won't be happening.
Via : Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
'Just get on with it' cliff-jumpers are changing their minds. They were warned that 'Project Fear' was Project Reality, but better late than never. #Brexit isnot what you thought it was and not what you wanted. Time for a #PeoplesVote.
"no more sending vast sums to the EU, meaning we can spend it on our NHS" ( explainer video on her Brexit deal). Yeah. Right.
As one of your constituents I think you should vote for this deal. While Brexit is utter crap we are where we are and Labour’s position is pure fantasy just like the hardcore leavers in the stories.
The frogs are throwing hand grenades about over the price of diesel We are all moaning about being fukked over with brexit yet there is no outcry. And we wonder why we got a shit deal
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
"Save Our Brexit: May Urges UK Public to Back Her in Letter to the Nation"
#Brexit is a toxic poisonous mess that is destroying the UK. And all started by the Tories. The only way you can redeem yourself is by finding a way to abandon the whole #Brextshambles.
I remember when the bbc employed presenters that were admired &amp; envied throughout the broadcasting world, plus they earned average money, turn on now &amp; Lisen to £450k P/A &amp; his guest, Savile employer talk #Brexit claptrap
Brexit means Brexit Pal
New poll showing 422 of 623 seats in England, Scotland+Wales now have a majority for staying in the EU, incl majority of seats in England. Time for a #finalsay
Promoted tweet but actually really interesting. Worth a read..
Just reading through the Brexit Agreement, and it's saying that fish are excluded. If I've understood this correctly... did we just take back control of our waters so that we can struggle to shift our fish due to the EU's external tariffs? Ah I get it now:
We've reached the summit of Project Fear. The UK won't have water to drink if there is a No Deal Brexit.
Happy Christmas to one and all?
Imagine if you were one of the 94% on the rock that voted to remain... bet there piss is boiling over this!
Forgive me but I trust on this. He says otherwise
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
Success has many fathers, but failure is an orphan
We can choose not do this - need PV then to demo to open leavers the huge value of staying as we work post Brexit to sort out UKpoverty services inequality environment education &amp; peace
More and brexiters seem to be acknowledging the eco of cost of leaving.
Top story: Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics | The Guardian see more
I pretty relaxed about May being binned actually.
Its a bit rich edwena currie saying europe doesnt get britain while dismissing the concerns of border communities in NI because brexit 'was a UK wide vote'
Just seen this
You have lied &amp; cheated to achieve Brexit for your wealthy backers, the Tax Payers Alliance and to ensure your hedge-fund contacts do very well from a failed Brexit. You refuse to acknowledge low-income families will bear the brunt of your policies &amp; I want my FoM! #NotBuyingIt
Pls take those sellouts in Treasury with you that have 'made up' economic figures around #Brexit for months. You still haven't provided the sources or your calculations, for the so called Sectoral analysis to DXEU; &amp; would like to know frankly?
You are right.....the only thing Corbyn has done about Brexit is to help the Tories get Article 50 done &amp; dusted.....&amp; we all know how helpful that has been.
The grassroots no longer believe anything you say so we’re just biding our time until we can vote someone in that believes in Brexit and will honour our manifesto pledges. Sad to say, that’s no longer you.
“Poll reveals the majority of Brexiteers' constituents would now vote #Remain” “A new poll reveals almost every Cabinet member is now in a Remain seat.” #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Why do the BBC insist on ignoring the fact that some, indeed many, don’t want brexit to happen.
What makes and think Brexit might bring people in the UK together? It won’t. And, now it is clearer what Brexit means (not Brexit!), more want to Remain than Leave.
#Brexit deal back on after #TheresaMay meets Spain's Gibraltar demands
#Brexit deal back on after #TheresaMay meets Spain's Gibraltar demands
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat. So May will do anything to stay in power and get #Brexit through. The British ppl didn’t asked for her to abandon GIB or any oversea Territories.
Boris years ago said brexit was of titanic proportions. For once he might be right but he misdirected the ship of state in first place.
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not &lt;&lt; Definitely not. EU27 will be relieved, and thankful, actually. The European Project is back on track.
Thank god. Brexit means Brexit. It really, really does.
'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to EU
Stop repeating Boris's lies about saving money for the NHS. Brexit is a disaster for the NHS which is already costing the country £500m a week that could be spent on the NHS. Brexit or the NHS - choose because you can't have both.
"Your life insurance salesman will quit if you commit suicide."
weird flex but CAN YOU JUST NOT BREXIT PLEASE xo
Farming - if you cannot be bothered to check what we did before EEC, I am sorry for you. This is what g'ment is preparing for no deal Brexit
The gross misinterpretation is that Brexit was a vote to leave the EU. It was not. At it's very heart Brexit is England saying "we're sick of sending money to NI, Scotland etc and the EU, give it to us". And the DUP's failure to recognise this will lead to very bad things.
Not sure this is the right "move", but it definitely shows that Theresa May is trying to get her #Brexit deal at ANY COST! (#StopBrexit!)
Good. Straight to the naughty corner and Brexit dumped
Is David Davis a liar or an idiot? I think we all know it's the latter. But can we sue him anyway?
Some Brexit lies that got us here
I’m still a Nigel fan, but he should have kept going at the last GE. We would possibly have had a coalition and a genuine Brexit.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
May denies ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
I don’t think there is any outcome that brexiters won’t blame on remain. Hard Brexit caps would be remains fault, soft Brexit losses would be landed on remain and staying in would all be a conspiracy.
No...... I will NOT back Brexit.. you do NOT speak for me..I do NOT want any of this.
Yes can’t believe how let get away with spouting such rubbish- Gib’s been thrown under that Brexit bus
Very anti Brexit
Why does Brexit sound like some health cereal from the 90s?
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal | Politics | The Guardian no we remain
Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
The Brexit Deal explained in 1 second. It's shite, Remain.
It's that time of year; The Mask is on ITV and we're only two #Brexit secretaries away from Bridget Jones's Diary. Yes!
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Good news! Once Brexit is "settled" the Tories are going to focus on "tackling the burning injustices that hold people back". Only with less money, more xenophobia and the same amount of not actually giving a toss.
Clueless brexiters have already done too much damage to this country. For absolutely nothing. There is no gain whatsoever from brexit, just fairy tales. So you'd rather eat shit and die, we'll happily provide the shit for you.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Google "Brexit deal," this is less than nothing compared to even that fuckery
BREXIT BACKLASH – 9 DEC – VIDEO
DUP must accept much of the blame as to where we are today with Mays treacherous deal. In 2016 DUP and IRA's McGuinness sent a letter to PM demanding EU accessibility as part of Brexit. Now we are in a real mess courtesy of Mays decision to deliver...
This is not OK.
The last week has shown beyond doubt that we are better off staying in the EU than leaving either with ’s cobbled together deal or a catastrophic no deal. This madness needs to stop. Our elected politicians must now find a way to stop this madness. #brexit #brexitchaos
And yet nearly 10 per cent of lib dem MPs are set to back may's brexit
There was and is no majority for any choice of brexit, no matter how much brexit ultras now try and pretend that there was only ever one option, and that option was no deal
For the "Labour would be 20 points ahead if they only opposed Brexit" brigade
The #Brexit Games...
The betrayal of the UK unless we oppose Brexit and the xenophobia that is behind it! #ExitFromBrexit #PeoplesVote
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Without bluster, rhetoric, unicorns, sunlit uplands or slogans, please spell out &amp; clearly evidence the tangible benefits of #Brexit v #Remain and why you take such delight in highlighting the loss of #FOM for UK &amp; EU Citizens alike?
should have its own TV show
People's Vote campaign opens Brexit shop selling 'worst deals in Europe' via
Save our #Brexit: May urges #UK public to back her in letter to the nation
MUST READ: Clear and reasoned statement by to her constituents explaining why she cannot support the Draft EU Withdrawal Agreement and Political Declaration.
God damn. Has the member for Wycombe been tailoring his message according to what hat he's wearing, Minister of state or Back bench MP and leading Brexit Ultra who's after a disaster capitalist future for the UK?
The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”, in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the criminal investigation into Leave funder Arron Banks.
He’s Dutch, then he’s Scottish, human Brexit face
Notice you NEVER answer question “Is this Deal Better Than Remaining In EU”? Duty is a weapon when analysis &amp; vision are lacking. You have another agenda, lady. You’ve chosen BREXIT and use a vote based on lies, deceit and criminality as your excuse. #PeoplesVote.
told him off! His technology being abused by #VoteLeave, #CambridgeAnalytica is ending democracy &amp; the professional livelihoods of thousands of British people, crippling the #NHS. He needs to be brought to account. #Brexit is a crisis. Thanks Mark Z. Disgusting
This is a farce It needs to be stopped
Boody Hell! Damian Collins has basically used extraordinary powers to give Mark Zuckerberg detention and confiscate all his documents! The Independent says the Brexit vote could be null and void by December ... whoah!
God I hope this man is right. If this goes through it will be the Brexit that pleases no-one. On the upside though, it might then finish the Conservative Party.
Nope, remain is not an option, that has already been decided, the only acceptable vote would be on Theresa’s fudge, or Brexit, the kind of cold hard Brexit that we voted for.
No, FFS the whole peoplesvote crap, the self important traitorous Soubry Morgan Soames let alone smarmy Ummuna have spent months putting two fingers up at the majority because they won’t accept the people know more than they do and that they lost - they have ruined a good Brexit
gutted.
So it would seem that Brexit was a terrible idea all round. We already knew that, which is why we voted by an overwhelming majority to remain. Now we find ourselves being picked on by Spain &amp; having 2 clear up a mess that we didn’t create #Brexshit #godhelpus #bestofabaddeal
'Just get on with it' cliff-jumpers are changing their minds. They were warned that 'Project Fear' was Project Reality, but better late than never. #Brexit is not what you thought it was and not what you voted for. Time for a #PeoplesVote.
Brexit means Brexit
I tweeted about this the other day but failed to call it an exclusive. I'd never make it as a journalist.
If the result in a ref were Brexit then that would be very surprising now people know what a catastrophic mess it would be. But if that were the result, now people know what they are voting on, we would have to accept it I believe. I would want a credible ref.
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Theresa May begs the British public: Unite behind me on #Brexit deal -- UK PM writes direct letter to British voters after agreeing to Spain’s demands over Gibraltar
Does 80% of even Rory Stewart believe this deeply dishonest nonsense?
You ought to check out Tim Walker re Challenge Art 50 update Looks like Court is getting upset with May and Legal team. Appears to me there is difficulty in defending the accusations posed if Accepted by the Court Brexit will be dead December.
I've been hoping for that sense the fraudulent 2016 election results.
One of the few beacons of light and laughter in this whole sorry saga, is Marina Hyde.
LYING ’s Fake #DivorceDeal! A deal that vassalises and breaks up the #UK is not acceptable to the #British public or 17,410,742 who voted for #BREXIT! #MayMustGo #StandUp4Brexit
We will soon know if JC is another piece of shit in Westminster - the proof is in the pudding
"An unexpected new group, Brexiteers against Brexit, threatens Theresa May’s plan" This is a farce It needs to be stopped
Alleluia!! please feel free to sod off and form the Lib Cons.
' EU President Italian CATHOLIC Antonio Tajani. At the time of Brexit it was GERMAN CATHOLIC Martin Schulz. European Council President: Polish CATHOLIC Donald Tusk. President of the European Court of Justice Koen Lenaerts Belgium CATHOLIC JESUIT educated.
Is this #Brexit in action Bunting playing twice and Ireland's Steve Lennon out
If you’re a Bartender in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
I have to say I think the prime minister is doing a jolly good job of all this brexit malarkey. Anyone for spotted dick?
The Tories caused Brexit
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
She's no idea what comes out of her mouth.
Prime Minister pleads for people to back her Brexit in heartfelt letter
This guy stinks of brexit. Harry Maguire and Ben Chillwell yano
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Wow. Every cloud really does have a silver lining. Go Phil, Go...
May's deal deal we really do become little englanders
Including this ... the reason Michael Gove got behind PM’s Brexit agreement: drinking water would run out if UK left EU without a deal -
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
O fantastic - bring it on
That would be Xmas present for the nation.
That wont change her hostile environment policy. It was there before le Brexit, and will be there after it. Loyalty from people of all backgrounds met with betrayal. if she reverses Brexit, how safe do EU people feel in UK? The tide of xenophobia she fuels is bigger than brexit.
Why a council by-election in Antrim could lead to an early election or a no-deal Brexit
This cannot be ignored. The country wants and deserves a #finalsay #PeoplesVote
It’s remarkable how smoothly they’ve moved from “Britannia rules the waves” to “waaaaaaaah, he’s bullying us!”
The UK’s highest court could verify that the EU referendum and Brexit is “null and void” by as early as Christmas after Teresa May’s “failure to act” on growing evidence of illegality #stopbrexit #illegalreferendum #aaronovskybanksy
And check out the article re brexit voided it by xmas
They'll be immediately deselected if they do. (and grandees is probably just Adonis, Blair and Campbell, again, so few will pay attention, anyway) #Brexit #labour #labourdoorstep
I agree &gt;&gt;Theresa May's Brexit deal can be salvaged if she relents over Irish backstop, Dominic Raab says
I agree &gt;&gt;Theresa May's Brexit deal can be salvaged if she relents over Irish backstop, Dominic Raab says
#Brexit #United Kindom #WithdrawalAgreement Review
Only way to rule the Brits is divide &amp; rule. I and my fellow #Brexiteers fucked it up to &amp; brought in austerity so plebs would vote in droves for #Brexit. I will be the next PM after I divide and rule the That's what public schools like Eton teach. #divideandrule
No one supports this deal or May except you . #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #FinalSay
Your letter is like a fairytale. It's all fantasy. Your deal keeps us shackled to the EU for ever. This is not the Brexit' I voted for. I am sure 17.4m will agree.
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
acgrayling: RT brexit_sham: Lawyers describe Mrs May's failure to act on the growing evidence of illegality in the 2016 referendum campaign as “absolutely extraordinary” given the NCA probe into suspicions of multiple criminal offences committed by Mr Ba…
Great! Off you fuck!
Stick it in the recycling we will never come together behind brexit either hers or labour's this country has been destroyed by it.
acgrayling: RT ianw2000uk: High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Look at the replies to this. Why hasn’t she gone yet? #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
acgrayling: RT JohnRentoul: “We’ll get him for this”: Corbyn aide re Keir Starmer saying Remain was an option. Andrew Grice Independent
do you think it would have had a greater impact if headline included as below As All men in UK will have erectile issues with NO DEAL BREXIT headline "Stay in to stay Hard !"
acgrayling: RT petersturdgess: I see we are giving Gibraltar back as a final capitulation in the sorry Brexit saga. It doesn't have to be this way leavers. Just a simple #PeoplesVote and we will really take back control.
Any brexit deal is a BAD #brexit deal. Doesn't matter if it is designed by May or by Corbyn. Leaving the EU will be very bad for Britain. There is not such a thing as a good #brexit or a less damaging brexit. There is only BAD #BREXIT! #remain #peoplesvote #FinalSayForAll
When you’ve gotta stockpile grubs before Brexit happens
Fantastic day. Discussing books, Brexit and architecture.
Get fucked.
how can a people's vote stop brexit, the people vote can only ask, do we accept this deal or not.. no other question can be asked... for goodness sake.
Could protests like those in France break out in the UK if an attempt were made to reverse Brexit? I wonder.
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
Your lancaster house speech said "No Deal Is Better Than a Bad Deal" You have negotiated an attrocious, worse than remaining, worst deal ever, to quote eminent QC's &amp; politicians. WTO is the only true brexit that 17.4m people voted for - 4m more than voted conservative at GE?
No sh%t Sherlock...
Shame on May and her government for selling out Gibraltar to get their tawdry, illegitimate and unpopular Brexit. Let's have a PeoplesVote and stop this lunacy.
I'm not sure what about my answer you're missing. I gave you my best guess. Today's policy for an unknown tomorrow. To try to achieve a good brexit deal; is that your 'pro-brexit'? To have any deal voted on by Parliament and/or public vote; is that pro-Remain? Faulty question?
It is so scary to think how Brexit could bring this system to Scotland and how I might receive a simular letter. And I look around and see others who are more vunerable. We are so used to the NHS that we no longer appreciate just how good it is.
I wonder what is Nick Clegg' involvement in all this #BrexitChaos from start to finish, i.e. Supporting the tories get into power, pretending he is anti brexit and then getting a job with Facebook and disappearing completely from the spotlight altogether. #StopBrexit
WTF...come on, this has to be bollocks
it won't solve recruitment problems, which Brexit will worsen. But will set fares, routes and improve air quality.
Your throwing our proud country to the wolves, tying us to the EU &amp; giving them the authority to decide if we can leave during a prolonged extension to your deplorable negotiations. This is a bad deal and we should implement a hard Brexit and give the EU nothing.
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s Brexit “betrayal”: On the BrexitCentral… #Brexit #Politics
Not a snowball's chance in hell. I'd rather be buried alive with a recording of an episode of Fantasy Island playing on continuous loop, than unite behind Brexit.
Despite Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda: We’ve all… #Brexit #Politics
Brexit is a disaster for all concerned!
So it's time for a general election &amp; labours been found to have shat it's-self. Yoonism's fooked right up....Brexit's been absolutely wonderful Admit it folks...brexit's kicked the old guard to death &amp; I do love a good scrap so I do
Give it a rest Theresa! Think of a number between P44 and P46 #Brexit
Actually rather sensible.But the Iraq/WMD mob will shout him down while blindly ignoring the MPs on both sides of the house who backed him, and ignoring many of the good things those years brought to the to scream about lib elites and Brexit means Brexit.
How delusional is she's got no clue what so ever THE worst PM ever #brexitbetrayal #Brexit #Traitor
Theresa May’s #Brexit deal: -She’s appealed to Cabinet -She’s appealed to Party -Now, in desperation, an appeal to the people
Well Russia delivered Trump and brexit
Yay!!!!! Let's make it happen....
The nation: "We would like the opportunity to vote on this deal. After all, you got to change your mind about #Brexit so why can't we?" #NixTheBrexitDeal
No. You have 3 x soya oat fat whites with a side of brexit. Why you being weird about this?
Failure of Labour to fight for rights of working classes shameful. &amp; Brexiteers are #Peopleschampions. #brexit
As a Lifelong Member &amp; Voter of the and a true blue #Tory (Large T) I am truly disgusted by the complete #TREACHERY of ! I hope you are condemned by your actions and your LIES #TheresaMay forever! #StandUp4Brexit #BREXIT
#Brexit Welcome to planet Fabian
Brexit WA will not "destroy the Union" whereas No Deal could do just that
#EU leaders set to back May’s #Brexit plan as she appeals for public support
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Should I get the wine and cheese in?
No. A hundred times no. Why on earth would we back a "deal" founded on lies &amp; whose leading headline is a xenophobic, racist, &amp; nationalist "end of freedom of movement forever"? The majority of the public now want to remain in the EU. #StopBrexit
SPOT ON ...................'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to EU
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal By PETER FOSTER EUROPE EDITOR 24 NOVEMBER 2018 • 8:00PM Months ago the extraordinary EU leaders’...
Brexit deal: Nicola Sturgeon wants leaders' debate on draft agreement
We the people reject fuck off
Dear Britain, what’s £39 billion and up to an 81 year implementation between friends anyway? Theresa May's open letter to Britain: My Brexit deal works for everyone - whether you voted Leave or Remain' | via
This sounds too good to be true.
In many areas, the Police have given way to vigilantes... I'd think Mr Choudhary might get a taste of English law sooner than he thinks... After Brexit we can legally try and hang such traitors... If you were on a jury, 5 minute decision...
To be honest the whole lot of them need to resign. Labour also. They have all made a total hash of brexit.
Theresa May accused of "major cover-up" over Brexit donor Arron Banks | openDemocracy
Why don't you go back to justifying Herr Hellary's Nazi Comments... And stay out of my mentions...
How, the only alternative is a hard Brexit which will destroy every job in Britain and the North, it is where blind belief created by decades of hate has made them blind and pig headed to the facts. If the DUP causes a hard brexit then the UK people will want rid of them.
do it please
If #AI could advance enough in the meantime, the Maybot could be programmed to hold her own for the first few seconds of this
Theresa May threatens 'no Brexit at all' as senior Tories put new referendum on table - live updates
What legal authority will there be for this chemical products embargo on the United Kingdom? I’ve had a quick scan of EU law and I can’t find one ;-)
Brexit by definition is a plain old no deal .
Good hope he resigns.
Theresa May knows this and has Brexit by the bollocks, long memories
My poll, with 2900 votes, 94% in favour of #leave has been removed by Twitter. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #brexitbetrayal #BrexitShambles #StandUp4Brexit #censorship #FreedomOfSpeech #Politics
Frederick Forsyth speaking for 17.4million people. #brexit
Ok. Brexit is utterly insane and every politician who has brought us to this point must hang their f heads in shame.
“The EU forced the UK to choose between breaking the political promises made by Brexiters, or incurring significant economic harm. It couldn’t.” The Brexit view from Europe: we are incompetent, deluded fools.
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker | CBC Radio see more
Where, oh where are the honest, decent MPs, who should be taking their PM to one side, give her an ultimatum to leave, and if she still resists, get rid of her!
Since ANY Brexit is the worst self-inflicted disaster this country, or rather 37% of the electorate, has saddled us with, I think the answer to May's pleading for us to unite behind her is Not Bloody Likely. #PeoplesVote
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Let's keep our fingers crossed Hammond goes! Odious creep.
Actually, when you think about it, the remainers have stayed the course while brexiters have all quit, says it all about the "deal".
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
In this photo Is she saying have you got the same color shoes on today or get your co*k out old boy.not quite sure.
I have wiped my arse with less than 26 sheets! Biggest heist in history! #brexit
I’m not interested in judging others. I just want government &amp; MPs to do their duty &amp; if only benefit of leaving EU is compliance with an ill-informed mandate, and if disbenefits are damaging, they should rethink. Brexit adversely affects my family
2nd Page ,2nd paragraph "with Brexit settled.....". So the 5 years of negotiations we will see with the EU will be behind a curtain as you pretend everything is settled. You really do think people are stupid.
Good letter PM, reads like a fairy tale, but Brexit is not about writing more stories, it is our future. What now if the people have changed their minds since 2016 as people do? The people wish to be heard again and you along with the Brexit cronies must listen at the ballot box
EU President Italian CATHOLIC Antonio Tajani. At the time of Brexit it was GERMAN CATHOLIC Martin Schulz. European Council President: Polish CATHOLIC Donald Tusk. President of the European Court of Justice Koen Lenaerts Belgium CATHOLIC JESUIT educated.
Fishing rights set to derail Brexit...
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal The UK and Spain reached an agreement Saturday over the status of Gibraltar once the UK has left the European Union.
, give it up! You never wanted to #Leave, and you were never going to be able to negotiate a worthwhile #Brexit.
Very, very true, and no bad thing at that. But part of my complaint about the whole Brexit thing is that it was way too close a vote - especially to have been called an "overwhelming majority". It'd be hypocritical indeed if I didn't hold the same standard in the other way :)
That’s the UK via &amp; six other governments pursuing Facebook. Staring role for a sergeant at arms - never underestimate the power these ‘quaint’ named jobs have! The Brexit referendum Leave campaign was illegally funded and data misused.
Remainer #Brexit: not bad enough to stay, but also not good enough to leave.
Gibraltar safe with Mrs May? As safe as her word on Brexit being in the best interest of the UK! Giggle, snort, laugh uncontrollably......
MSM now turning against the idiocy that is Brexit. ran proBrexit ads &amp; smear Corbyn constantly. BBC is now on the wrong side of history. Tick Tock
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal The UK and Spain reached an agreement Saturday over the status of Gibraltar once the UK has left the European Union.
Cue Andrew Neil popping even more blood vessels on Twitter as his beloved Brexit goes further down the toilet and his chums face going to jail.
Has Christmas come early?
Saturday, November 24, 2018 Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation...
I am sick of these ultra Brexit lot who over the years have shirked responsibility yet played the victims. Any deal that comes out of this whole sorry process they haven’t been part of through choice. They chose not to engage.
BIG NEWS: support for #FinalSay with #OptionToStay continues to grow in every part of Britain in this poll - as support for May and her “deal” drains away. Please RT so everyone knows!
Surely the 48 letters are in now. Ukip is the only true brexit party. The fight to completely leave the EU is only just begining.
Back your #brexit never ,you sold us down the ,river ,your wrecked the country, do us a favour resign.
So much confusion about this being exploited to argue for brexit
It appears the Prime Minister of Spain doesn’t understand the constitutional position of the UK or EU. He doesn’t get a vote on Brexit. We decided that a while ago.
Paris is burning because Macron's hiking taxes on fuel to force people to go green. People don't like to be forced to bow to the whims of central planners (Brexit anyone?). The green revolution, meanwhile, now means less choice for you and more money for the state.
Last-Minute Deal With Spain Clears Way For #Brexit Summit
Out with May! #TreasonMay #ShariaMay #Treason #GerardBatten #NigelFarage #Brexit #BrexitShambles #UKIP #ForTheNation
She may not fold but has got more folds than an origami swan.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
This would solve everything. Everybody (except Cameron, ERGS, all Brexit Politicians, and #Maybot) will be off the hook.
What about EU Military Unification (google)? Has PM May already given CONTROL of all our Military to EU hence NO #Brexit ?
As we were.
"To fix it must brexit so said he, then I'd have my ver own" "money tree"
Can you confirm or deny this ? Is there a plan b? Extension of Article 50? #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #FinalSay
Sainsbury’s boss warns food ‘can’t be stockpiled’ for no-deal Brexit November 8, 2018 in #WorldNews via
This is why Gove has flipped...
is there a more deluded person in parliament than the PM?
Because they are not as stupid as those that are PAID BY US! To represent them. Sorry for the caps I felt it needed an emphasis for those mps that forgot we employ them!
Save our #Brexit - May urges #UK public to back her in letter to the nation
But the contradictions of #Brexit were there from the start: Ireland and the border, Gibraltar, losing control by removing ourselves from the key decision-making bodies of the EU28, ending freedom to travel, live work, study in Europe for British citizens etc.
This would be hilarious.
New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit
but will it be enough?
Tragedy I am bereft. Is there a support line to call ?
France gives more of a shit about UK citizens than the UK does...
Full on #Brexit Clusterfuckmageddon on 5 Live
My dear british friends. You know that the brexit référendum was organized for internal reasons of british politic parties. Stay with us. Make Europe great again. We love you
Wow, you managed to ask every single Leave voter what particular version of Brexit they wanted? Astounding. You do know we had sovereignty all along? Now we're giving it away, losing all our own free movement rights AND paying £40bn+ for the privilege. Who voted for that? You?
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks - The Independent
Yes, there's a scam that took in 17.4 million people. It's going to throw the lives of 1.6 million Brits living on the continent into chaos, causes sleepless nights for 3.6 million in the UK, threatens jobs, futures. It's called Brexit. But it can be beaten with a #FinalSay
What really gets me about Brexit, GB has pillaged, forced their religion, culture, royal seed on half the planet. Now they want to be left alone.
It's not an "if" and most of us have known for a long time.
Giving up Gibraltar is 'Taking back control'? I'm pretty sure we didn't have to ask their permission before...
Lovely Laura, you do not need a facial.... unless #Brexit is causing you stress &amp; a facial or spa day would provide you with some relaxation. Keep up the great work!
It seems like there's nobody Theresa May will betray to get precious Brexit Agreement sanction by the EU. Gibraltar it appears is now on the auction block.
"...if Russian athletes win Olympic medals when they are taking drugs, their victories are not valid. The same is true of a corrupt vote." High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Young Declan, you’ve been fed more lies that Brexit. Please adjust your criteria. Kind Regards. English Football
We have a shortage of doctors, nurses and midwives *right now*, not in 6 months or whenever. There is no reason to put that off till "Brxit day". The apparent linkage just underlines the fact that for May, keeping out foreigners is the only red line.
"62% of Labour voters said there should be a 2nd vote if May’s Brexit deal was blocked by the Commons… "He said he did not know how he would vote if there were a 2nd referendum because he did not know what options would be on offer." Pathetic, Mr Corbyn!
Britain is leaving, not the other EU nations. When will people learn?
Brexit certainly holds an attraction for complete idiots… now wonder what that could be? Maybe it’s an age thing, a bigotry thing or just simply a thing of utter delusion. Fish and unicorns.
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation -
Cabinet and EU plotting together now, against the British people's vote Says it all.
well said Mike
The vote we had was about leaving the EU. The vote didn’t specify what would be involved in that. But surely David Davis was on your side and negotiating for what you and all the other Brexit people had agreed that you wanted. Whatever that was.
You could just as easily read it as a hint she expects there to be a clean break after Brexit - which implies someone else will be in charge.
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit | CBC News
According to the Mail on Sunday, Michael Gove 'decided to back 's #Brexit after hearing how UK "would" run out of clean drinking water within days of No Deal'. #ProjectFear? #ProjectSurreal? Mood in right wing press has swung drastically.
If we have a hard Brexit we’ll all go back to living in caves and treehouses.
“Deal Or No Deal: The Breach Of Democracy That Is Theresa May’s Brexit Deal” by Hannah Pridgeon
This is going down well... not! #MayMustGo #TreasonMay #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
bye bye Hammond. We will sack May and go #NoDeal
Another Brexit means Brexit speech of course was a lie you've given Gibraltar to Spain NI to Ireland &amp; the EU.
Well worth a read
That would be perfect…
So sad :( Just another thing destroyed by #TheresaMay and her vile sell-out "deal".
The arrogance of claiming that everyone who voted #leave wished to leave the single market, when many proponents of #brexit claimed the opposite.
Has Christmas come early?
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of #Brexit summit
I know Brexit and national citizenships are inconvenient but they are what they are. It’s the same for any country you may wish to live in that you weren’t born in. The U.K. is now becoming like those countries, unfortunately for many
"Save Our Brexit: May Urges UK Public to Back Her in Letter to the Nation" by REUTERS via NYT
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of #Brexit summit
I have demonstrated against the Franco regime killing opposition , let Spain remain democratic for a hundred years and than talk about Gibraltar. For the rest I do not support your #brexit to be clear.
Public school fascist xenophobe and religious fundamentalist gunrunners. Match made in heaven I'd say.
Donald Tusk, what a fucking idiot now is not the time for trite levity #Brexit #BrexitChaos #UKPolitics #Politics #Conservative #Labour #Corbyn #May #NoConfidence
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Could always give Gibraltar back and remain. Seems a tad arrogant and imperial to want to hold onto it. A bit like the attitude that led to Brexit in the first place.
This was a stitch up from the moment you took office! You lied to the electorate when you said 'brexit means brexit'. You're going to go down in history as even more of a traitor than blair!! Quite an acheviment considering the man was a total c**t! #Brexit #TheGreatAwakening
I think deserves recognition (and a hug) for trying to create a Brexit that walks the middle line rather than just appeasing one side which would further outrage and divide the country, KNOWING the abuse she would receive from both sides. THERE. I said it.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Brexit scare story after Brexit scare story if we go for WTO terms. Guess what - bring it on. All I want is for our disgusting PM to implement a proper Brexit free of the corrupt EU. We’ll take whatever comes (the negativity is over hyped) and get a long term better future.
It's Teresa May's. She ordered it for when brexit happens and London goes up in flames.
I prefer to trust the Chief Minister of Gibraltar than an extreme Brexit Twitter feed!
Jay, is this some sort of metaphor for brexit?
Just be honest: Brexit is a bad idea. Show leadership, explain the truth.
The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse via
I'm sure that, in her view, she'll jettison anything that will prevent her getting over the Brexit finishing line in March 2019.
Appalling - Tories are total *****
Beware the youth of Britain, conscription into the EU army is your future if BREXIT doesn't happen !! Good luck with that one kids.
Seems it could be a breeders market soon , it’s a free market and people can play or sit out , lots of amazing cheap proven sires around , if Brexit collapses and I still think it will end badly then 2019 will create a lot of opportunity for the brave
In the #Utrecht agreement #Spain gave up any claims on #Gibraltar “in perpetuity.” As opposed to Ceuta and Melilla, which they stole. #gibraltar #brexit
More desperation from Prime Minister that is running scared of her MPs and trying to keep the public on the side after letting down #Gibraltar today do we really believe her??? #Brexit #Brexit #ireland #betrayed #NoDeal
I don’t think I have ever been more aroused by Theresa May than I am right now reading her letter.
Evening, . Which part of this is #Britain taking back control and honouring the #referendum result? You LYING Treacherous SCUMBAG! #ChuckMay #StandUp4Brexit #Tory #BREXIT
[SKY] May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
Britain should be in the EU with its current opt-outs, or as close to the EU as Norway. It should be an open, globalist, tolerant country, offering high welfare and social justice to all who live here. #Brexit has seen racism rocket amongst the Leave demographic. Bury this filth.
Brilliant...
She can stick her Brexit deal where the monkeys stick their nuts!
Have you seen this? High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
We will see, personally I don’t think it’s going to be to pretty if Brexit isn’t delivered.
Like to think your right but evidence of this based on what ? Manifesto Labour shadow Brexit minister or shadow Home Secretary ? Corbyn voted against Lisbon treaty &amp; Mastrict treaty so clear Corbyn blames EU freedom of movement for low UK wages &amp; not Tory public sector pay cap
Yes. And after a hard Brexit too. I fear for your great country.
Dear Prime Minister, instead of writing letters to the public asking them for their support to your #Brexit deal, ask them to put it in writing instead. On a ballot paper. #peoplesvote
lying bastards. all those pigs in Downing St got together to lie, to frighten. They are scum of the earth
The chickens are coming home to roost. Brexit has always been presented as something exclusively to benefit the UK. Shock horror when other equally as proud sovereign nations also say ‘ really it’s going to hurt but you are not that special’. That is a fact we need to understand.
A glimpse of Brexit Britain's future?
Why persist with this lie? You are fooling no one Only bribery will win the day in parliament. Brexit betrayal..
Your remit isn't to deliver something that works for those who voted Leave as well as Remain... regarding Brexit it is PURELY to deliver LEAVE. You are not doing this
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”.
Both $GBPUSD &amp; $EURUSD have been volatile with #italy and #Brexit - the weekly $EURGBP shows that after the peenant spit it is confused as are the European leaders - something has to give - Daily structure #Ichimoku #Forex #MurreyMath
Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings - a powerful demolition of ‘s Brexit proposals! Well done, Darren!
If you're so convinced you're right and that Brexit *is* the will of the people, *why* are you so worried about a second referendum? Where's your swashbuckling spirit? You should be screaming "BRING IT ON", not blubbing about "best of three"
Knew that Arlene Foster would sort it out! Surely May MUST resign if this cannot be passed in the house? We have hope my friends. Real hope.
Dear Mrs May . The only original thing in this letter is the date, so many vacuous, meaningless soundbites. I remain as convinced as ever that your #Brexit is not in the best interests of our country. I shall forever be a Remainer and you will never have my support.
Has Christmas come early?
Corbyn will make it worse by his SUPPORT of BREXIT and trashing the economy further!
We have a shortage of doctors, nurses and midwives *right now*, not in 6 months or whenever. There is no reason to put that off till "Brxit day". The apparent linkage just underlines the fact that for May, keeping out foreigners is the only red line.
Brexit is not such a good idea and people are coming to their senses. There is no shame in changing your mind. A #PeoplesVote is now essential.
Theresa May’s last ditch effort to save Brexit with NEW immigration limits
The descent of Conservatives into full on "real socialism has never been tried" maniacs, the very thing they so rightly make a living from deriding, is definitely the best thing about Brexit.
We need decent sensible educated leavers to take over, not the foaming at the mouth fruitcakes, more interested on the benches settling scores. We surely must set up a ‘pay as you leave’ Brexit, stages of leaving, not instant but both sides agreeing clauses &amp; stage payments!
The latest The Mr H To U Daily! Thanks to #watliv #brexit
I’m sick of hearing about Gibraltar. This has nothing to do with Brexit. You want Gibraltar? Fine. . . Let’s have a war. Winner Takes All. Once and for all let’s sort this out. . .
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation via
High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
Great Brexit bonus right there .....
I’m proper pissed off with you Theresa, just tell the EU to fuck right off, cheeky fuckers there wouldn’t be a Europe if it wasn’t for us and America, yet your giving in to that racket, and that’s all they are, your Brexit deal is a cop out and you know it
Boris’behaviour is a complete disgrace
Theresa May's letter for #Brexit, God bless the United Kingdom hopefully, it is not to late to regain their nation!
BBC News - Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
JC. this was the real crime of the referendum... It was all about money, they manipulated the electorate without thinking of the consequences
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Save our Brexit. Resign Treason &amp; take your BRINO plan with you.
“Brexicide is painless, it brings on many changes, but we can take or leave it, if we please! The sword of Brexit, will pierce our skin, it doesn’t hurt when it begins, but as it works it’s way on in, the pain grows stronger, until the UK’s ruined” Suicide is
We'll have to get used to pathetic bragging like this if #Brexit happens.
Dear PM Please read this it may help you make the right decision. Also please share this information with voters whilst you are on your charm offensive #behonest #Brexit #PeoplesVote
#TheresaMayInFiveWords Liar, appeaser and Brexit betrayer
The latest Kittenish Tweet Weekly! Thanks to #brexit #dropdirtypalmoil
Has Christmas come early?
It won’t and bad headline.
Sick of #Brexit, sick of #Trump? Listen to this.
Once again you've snatched defeat from the jaws of victory with this "Brexit Plan" .
'The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”, in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the criminal investigation into Leave funder Arron Banks. '
Royal College of GPs backs ‘People’s Vote’ on Brexit
Philippine news site, Rappler, vows that it won't be silenced by Duterte's threats | CBC Radio
Logic error. May says: "get on with Brexit now” so that ministers can focus on what matters most to people in their everyday lives." They could do that, and much more effectively, if we were to abandon Brexit.
Brexit means brexit
I only wish you had put “your heart and soul” into delivering the brexit voted for by the people of this country. Not this one clearly designed and dictated by the EU as a result of your inept and weak negotiation skills over the last 18 months. #letdown #weakandwithering
EU leaders set to back May’s Brexit plan as she appeals for public support | Bailiwick Express UK
How come all the Brexit loons are so pissed off then? What do you think they’ve won, Einstein?
Actual trade expert demolishes IEA #Brexit BS. The selective quoting (see thread) is particularly egregious. TLDR; be very afraid of No Deal.
REMAIN !!!! Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch Brexit summit
Has she resigned
I support the Nation State. The wars for profit are not something that had much public support in UK. Western politics infested with globalists since 1980s. As Brexit shows, we are not in control of our country or politicians. Hopefully that will change at next election
I’m sorry but no chance. This “deal” is a dead lame duck. You never aimed for an aspirational Brexit - instead seeking “damage limitation” &amp; to remain close to the EU without membership. £39bn given away for nothing, still subject to EU demands without any say. Disastrous.
Brexit could last forever. And ever.
You couldn’t make this up.
Has been for many years pre Brexit.
Well Im sure the UK wasnt happy with Prez Trumps stance on Brexit! Bongino said a lot of the countries helping spy on Prez Trump had to do with his stance on Muslim refugees as well, and the Ban on some Muslim countries that he wanted to put into place
Your spot on!
- Thanks for The Re - Tweet of My Recent Tweet ( Regarding A #Brexit Agreement ) !
Brexit for uk is a crow inside the black cloud !None no None see ! Just imagine
You've had two years to campaign against Brexit. Or for a people's vote. You've sat there behind Corbyn ignoring it. Thinking it's sufficient to let the Tories F this country. Hypocrisy pure hypocrisy
Brexit is the worst thing that has happened to this country since World War 2. No country has ever attempted to do so much self harm to it's self and its citizens. I'm embarrassed to be British. Do the honourable thing and resign , we need a peoples vote to escape this mess!
Remain lead widens to 12 points (56 to 44) - even Jacob Reed Mogg's constituency would now vote Remain. All this as Theresa May throws Gibraltar to the wolves in her mad dash for Brexit at any price. #FBPE #StopBrexit
UK is on the verge of surrender to the EU, so now would be a great time for a new UK leader to emerge and expose the old government's betrayal on both Brexit and Spygate. Not sure if that's possible, but it would be fun to drain 2 swamps in 1 move.
Ditto, with knobs on!
This would be the same “public” who you don’t believe should have any say in the final deal....and we are expected to just fall in line whether we like it or not
Feels:
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Irrespective of Brexit, this needs a full public inquiry, every single MP should be demanding a full public inquiry with special investigative powers.
They've sold out Northern Ireland, Scotland, fishing communities and now Gibraltar. I wonder who will be next?
well done you #brexit people the uk is now so weak it cant even stand up for gibraltar, thanks for humiliating our counry
I mean, the idea of taking the piss out of someone (really fucking poorly, I might add) for covering a football match taking place in another continent is just so fucking lazily parochial, it sort of gives some context to Brexit.
Has Christmas come early?
My UK TL does not seem impressed with May's Brexit letter.
Cue the entire country sitting bolt upright, wide-eyed at the discovery that she has either.
A managed WTO deal is now the only option.
Both $GBPUSD &amp; $EURUSD have been volatile with #italy and #Brexit - the weekly $EURGBP shows that after the pennant spit it is confused as are the European leaders - something has to give - Daily structure #Ichimoku #Forex #MurreyMath
#Brexit #BrexitBetrayal Best news we've had for ages: can't wait for these traitors to leave!!
BREXIT news: ‘Brexit deal negotiated by Prime Minister May is DEAD’ Northern Ireland ministers pull key support as EU gathers to sign the deal which would screw the UK DUP warns May will be out Downing Street by Christmas
It’s full of lies lies and even more lies
Both not at all funny and utterly hilarious at the same time.
Quote from Theresa May’s letter to the nation: “You, the prole, may well end up monetarily, morally and physically ruined by Brexit but, on the upside, I won’t have to see any foreigners on my ride to to work in the back of my chauffeur driven Audi.”
Brexit- opened the door for Spain to take back Gibraltar, increased the likely hood of a United Ireland. Scotland?? Show some balls when your being ignored &amp; shat on
He's been looking to undermine Brexit throughout, but the only way we'll be rid of him is if May goes
Yippee! fresh start.
acgrayling: Shame on May and her government for selling out Gibraltar to get their tawdry, illegitimate and unpopular Brexit. Let's have a PeoplesVote and stop this lunacy.
acgrayling: RT fascinatorfun: “Fire must sometimes be fought with fire, &amp; the Remain side have thus far surprised Brexiteers with the spirit of their resistance. The eve of this key Commons battle is no time to start conceding. Somebody has to win.” Kee…
Suspect will be along shortly to pour a bucket of cold water on this story.
This nasty habit Brexiters have of not taking responsibility is perfectly personified by You must have noticed that absolutely nothing is their fault. Johnson refused to read briefings at the FO, what the hell makes you think he was paying attention over Brexit.
acgrayling: RT joelymack: Gibraltar abandoned - How easily British citizens can become collateral damage in the attempt to push through a #Brexit only a few actually want should TERRIFY us all - #Brexit is more important than PEOPLE, there's no doubt abo…
acgrayling: RT NavyBlue4EU: STOP BREXIT is the NEW will of the people! Agree? Then please SIGN and RT this petition The petition has a simple message , STOP BREXIT!!! Almost 50,000 help push it all the way to 100K SIGN this
“The EU forced the UK to choose between breaking the political promises made by Brexiters, or incurring significant economic harm. It couldn’t.” The Brexit view from Europe: we are incompetent, deluded fools.
Blah blah, emotive cliches, blah blah, empty promises, blah blah, content-free drivel written by lazy committee...
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP’s Brexit silence | Politics
High Stakes For The NHS As Brexit Unfolds by Fatima Tawfeeq, Tolworth Girls' School
Splendid podcast on Brexit.
No. must grow balls and sac her. They don't need people's vote for it, they had a mandate to implement Brexit. It's not what May is doing. #MaysBrexitBETRAYAL #SackMay #MayMustGo
Brexit for uk is a crow in the black cloud !None no None see ! Just imagine
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
Not for all the tea in China nor on bender knee.
1 I am sure the Yes deal Tories are on to a winner with May's #brexit letter to the people. I will, a remainer (defined by her as the enemy), ignore the damage of her service cutting &amp; austerity loving GT, as it promotes an ideological policy of intolerance &amp; economic self-harm.
GIVEAWAY TIME! Check out the giveaway link here: UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal #love #family #baby #cat #cutestbaby #postpartumdoula #venerdi #SleepBetter #babies #myHummy #bocombb #gogo
It is not Johnson, its May who has destroyed the Conservative Party for a generation and beyond, tonight she just destroyed three hundred years of history. Gibraltar was and is our most strategic point in the defence of The UK , Europe and the Med Countries from the (USSR).
Do explain how Leavers can ‘own it’ when the PM and the de facto Brexit Secretary are Remainers?
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
An institutional account used for secessionist propaganda. Surprise.
"Corbyn should not connive in allowing it to be implemented. He should honour his promise to Labour members, stick to his party’s policy and back a Final Say referendum." is ignoring the wishes of most voters.
Out of the past 2 general elections that we have had. How many policies have the #Conservatives actually delivered. Finally #tory supporters realise they can't be trusted to deliver. #Brexit #ToryShambles
Zucker is Putin's Puppet. Putin must have kompromat on him. Zuck lets Putin use FB for Disinformation War 2 destabilize democracies: UK Brexit, USA Trump, Germany Far Rt... Pop star Emin, wrote song @ Trumps &amp; Zucker working with Putin 2 squash Clinton.
Hi she is living on a different planet
agreed! vote on Brexit!
Alternative headline #DUPbrexit It's Shite or Bust. They know a hard brexit is really bad for here - economically &amp; many other ways, BUT they're looking at the numbers tide &amp; its rising towards #Think32 This is Nelsons Union At Any Cost &amp; always has been.
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
This, from one of the architects of the Good Friday Agreement!
No I do NOT back your Brexit deal.
You know - the thing that still puzzles me about #brexit is why people that support the party that got us into this #EU nightmare really thought they would get us out of it? They betrayed us then, they betray us now. Every non Tory #Brexiteer knew this
Me too.
REMAIN !!!!!High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Brexit is a bad deal FFS. Has the penny really not dropped yet?
"We'll have no drinking water days after brexit..." Its beyond parody now.
What's been demonstrated is that the #Brexit that was (mis)sold to voters was based on lies &amp; false promises. Many , many people in #Cornwall and throughout the UK have now realised this. The only reason why Brexiters want to avoid a #PeoplesVote is because they know this.
No “frictionless trade”, no access to UK’s biggest market for Services (80% of our economy) and on fish (1% of UK economy &amp; most UK quota has been sold to other EU fishers by our skippers). A sellout of Gib &amp; NI. A letter full of #Brexit BS
is just as #delusional as #theresamay
May is doing a great job to avoid UK bankruptcy after Brexit. And the agreement with Spain for Gibraltar is good for Spain, the United Kingdom and the Gibraltarians.
A no deal Brexit will make austerity look like a walk in the park.
It won't be after Brexit each individual part will have to have its precise part number etc on the import or export Carnet. It can take days to fill them out and ensure they are accurate.
The establishment plot to stop brexit is now clear for all to see.
Not sure what to say about this. Many will lose total faith in democracy. Certainly the sham that our own has become. But then again if voting really made a difference it would be illegal.
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
David Coburn MEP has told UKIP Scotland that Theresa May is planning to LOSE the Parliamentary vote on the Brexit deal. Read More:
You are completely delusional and not acting on the best interest of the U.K. but in your own self interest. The nation are not divided anymore we all have seen the reality of this ridiculous Brexit and the majority now want to stay in the EU but your pigheaded politics end soon.
Not worth the paper it's written on.
For an example of extreme delusion, see below. #idiocy #colonialism #Brexit
Might want to hold onto that letter...
A High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas. Judges are to fast-track an explosive legal challenge focussed on Theresa May’s ‘failure to act’ on growing evidence of illegality. #Brexit
Great review . Heard and met during his Literature and Politics talk with John Banville at earlier this week. Look forward to reading his book on the much dreaded countdown to Brexit.
A "failure of negotiation"? You think it would have been possible to negotiate a Brexit's deal that would have met the six tests? Where are you buying your drugs? The hypocrisy of Labour's position is stomach churning
Hello Jane it was lovely to meet you on Saturday at the Fawcett conference.we have a lot of work to do in the months ahead while horrible brexit is still a peoples vote from collapse.
The wheels are coming off...
NATIONAL NEWS: Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation #p2 #ctl
Another boon for No Deal! #Brexit
David Coburn MEP has told UKIP Scotland that Theresa May is planning to LOSE the Parliamentary vote on the Brexit deal. Read More:
Spain says it has received assurances from #TheresaMay on Gibralter while she says her position has not changed ! Do you believe her ?? Spain has a veto to reject any future trade deal ! How many more compromises to come yet ? #Brexit #BrexitDeal
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit Sky News
What Brexit?? she's offered nothing that's worth saving .. she has no idea about the people nor how angry she has made them.. better she just resigns
“If Theresa May tries for a ‘no deal’ Brexit”? Has no one told him that that’s the default position? She doesn’t have to “try for it”. It’ll just happen unless Hammond and those 5 ministers try to stop it.
threatening #America #Russia #Poland &amp; #Hungary with military force &amp; warning #Britain will starve and have medicine withheld while landing #Italia a 9 Billon fine, All because we wont do as you say? doesn't sound very friendly #Brexit #MAGA #Paris #PeoplesVote #EU
No fucking chance I’m backing this. You’re a traitor. Leave office and hand over to someone who sees Brexit as the opportunity it is.
In all seriousness now, I truly respect your opinions/views, however much they differ from mine. No doubt we both thought very hard about this issue #Brexit but came to different conclusions. Peace, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend x
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
The vote looks increasingly illegitimate. Only 52% voted leave, you have disrespected and ignored the 48% that voted remain. Only 72% bothered to vote. I didn’t vote for you. Most of the UK didn’t vote for you. #Brexit is built on racism, lies and nonsense.
Another Iranian Migrant Boat Arrives in Dover, French Claim Smuggling ‘Explosion’ Driven by Brexit
This is NOT Brexit. Gives us the so called Peoples Vote with two options 1) This Deal 2) NO Deal
Not #Britain and the #EU - it's 's #Tories and the #EU - #Parlaiment will not approve this!
NATIONAL NEWS: Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
The nearly 800-word letter is the latest in her attempt to speak directly to the public to build support for her Brexit deal, which faces widespread opposition in Westminster.
Has Christmas come early Kate?
Interestinger and interestinger. A #PeoplesVote is within grasp, everyone! #NotBuyingIt #StopBrexit
lllll Ahead of a crunch Brexit summit, Theresa May has written a letter to the nation setting out her intention to make the UK's exit from the EU work for both Leave and Remain supporters.
how do you propose to do this without a peoples vote with your deal as an option? MPs will act in their own interests and not the wider public. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Where’s my letter from Theresa?
How is it possible for this, or any Brexit to work for Scotland?
The woman is nuts. She is desperate to stay as Prime Minister. She needs to be saved from herself. Go dear please. #MayMustGoNow
is there anyway to only view staff interested in roles at your club like on fm18 on fm19. Takes forever to find decent staff now as nobody is interested. Also how do you know if brexit has happened. Struggling with Brazilian permits
Basically, Peter Hitchens is always right in the end. (But please: no ‘NorwaythenCanada’ / ‘Norwayfornow’ bollocks - just ‘Norway’. It’s nice and simple. People will get it. Then you only have to worry about selling the FOM bit. Brexit solved.
May urges UK public to back her Brexit plan in letter to the nation
Yes we do - it will prove to have been the vehicle that led directly to Brexit being cancelled. Of course, thats because Labour resisted #Article50 for 9 months before winning major Govt concession &amp; the 6 Tests. Then Labour voted against Govt 73 times (abstained 11) of 84 votes
Make no mistake the DUP want the hardest of both brexit &amp; border. Your little ' siege mentality ' minds cant see beyond ur local orangr lodge. Even the UFU have deserted you dinosaurs.
No. #StopBrexit May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
May does not have a clue how these supposed "new Trade Deals" will work out, or how long it will take to agree them. This is simply bullshit. Let's Stop Brexit instead.
Extraordinary strong condemnation of the EU deal on offer to Teresa May from Michael Portillo #Brexit
#Soccer Brexit: Premier League, FA clash over potential foreigner exodus The differing priorities of the Football Association and the Premier League have once again left English football's two major...
Brexit
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Fingers crossed...
Its the last chance saloon for Corbyn and Labour. Make no mistake,when all else fails May will outmanoever Corbyn and call a second vote to validate her deal. She will lose and there will be no #brexit but Tories will then be in office till 2022 and may even win the next GE.
Right off!
Sorry The EU has England by the "short and curlies". Scotland is offski!
What is the point of EU saying the #Brexit deal is okay, we all know OUR parliament will say no. . #deadinwater
Bizarrely my favourite film and book of this year are both called Fall Out. The film was MI:6. The Book was Tim Shipman’s account of the aftermath of the brexit vote. Both masterpieces.
. Can you please get one of EU27 to make last minute demand that Scotland be independent otherwise the WA will be vetoed. Am pretty sure Mrs May will now happily concede the point to get Brexit done. Asking for the majority in Scotland who want to Remain. Thanks.
I’d rather die of thirst than listen to any more scaremongering.
That letter makes me want to vomit. She has betrayed the 17.4 million people who voted for BREXIT and arguably worse, betrayed the 13.6 million people who voted for the promises she made in HER manifesto. She is a literally disgraceful human being. #Brexit
I believe she may be correct. We may also have to song 'Land of hope and glory' when we are wiping our bums with newspaper.
Ever.
US 2016 &amp; the 2018 Midterms, UK Brexit Vote being UTTERLY IGNORED, the Victorian State 'election' in Australia, the EU making 'Democratic', 'Sovereign' Nations keep voting until The EU GETS The Results The EU DEMANDS; All Over The World The Democratic Process has LONG BEEN BROKEN
Well done my Brexit friends! Northern Ireland you better watch out, with friends like this...
“Now, it’s a big thing to litigate the very validity of Brexit. But if Russian athletes win Olympic medals when they are taking drugs, their victories are not valid. The same is true of a corrupt vote.” // U.S. needs to apply THIS same standard to the Nov 2016 Election.
merry xmas... maybe
How do you know that we will be worse off after Brexit? it's literally never been done before... there is no data to form an opinion. If the EU goes bankrupt in 20 years and we are thriving.... what then? hypothetical situation but genuinely want to hear your answer.....
Brexit deal in less than 5 seconds.. all points can be achieved with a no deal!
FFS wake up and smell the coffee !!!!! #Think32 #IndyRef2 #Brexit
Our first manager, she went to live in Gibraltar years ago and what with #brexit she is looking to move with her young family back to Dublin. I had to give it to her straight and tell her, despite the booming economy, it’s hard #accomodation #rent
Well at least there is some good #Brexit news for once!
I always said Ireland plus this will screw Brexit. Tough shit
The problem is Dave, there's no other news out there. Everything is running smoothly, TM's getting on really well delivering Brexit, she hasn't knighted any Eurosceptics, her lovely letter was gratefully received by us all &amp; she hasn't told any lies for at least a couple of mins
I usually agree with your stance, Bill. I’m not convinced that has been a “disaster” for . Membership has increased significantly recently. As for many of us think he has either paid off by the elite or given up on Brexit.
Have to trust God even more in this brexit thing..
This Brexit deal is a capitulation - pass it and our party will sleepwalk into electoral defeat, blogs
Has Christmas come early Tim?
Oh piss off this is ridiculous
Honestly there isn’t one progressive line in this whole thing. Shred it &amp; start again with the line: he he just kiddin brexit ain’t happening y’all good x x
Swing Low Sweet Chariot #Brexit
Brexit is ridiculous in so many ways it is difficult to know where to start. When we have got over this madness, caused by the disputes within the , we can begin to sort out the issues they have both caused and exploited. #FBPE
Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
Don't think thread participants here want to hear the bad news that the UK would have to build border infrastructure too. Not only to comply with WTO but because that's what Brexit is about: "control of our borders...." Brexidiots.
It could be Brexit or Trump or the Russians or ....
The word "up" has been removed from the English language as part of May's Brexit deal. I'll probably be fined just for putting it in this tweet.
You areholes voted us out of the EU
Everyone is ashamed of Treason May's Brexit!
Good letter like a fairy tale, but Brexit is not about writing more stories, it is our future. What now if the people have changed their minds since 2016 as people do? The ppl wish to be heard again and you along with the Brexit cronies must listen at the ballot box
Is Labour secretly conspiring to let a Tory Brexit happen? By SHERELLE JACOBS 24 NOVEMBER 2018 • 10:00AM Don't trust the Opposition's heckles for a Second Referendum The...
A CHALLENGE IF EVER I SAW ONE
Speak for yourself. I certainly didn't vote for UKIP's idea of Brexit.
NEWS: Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
No intention of voting labour, but I will NOT vote Tory so long as May is leader. I was quite prepared to accept her as a pragmatic Remainer who recognised that “Brexit means Brexit”. She has utterly betrayed my trust, &amp; I no longer believe a single word she utters #MayMustGo
If this is true, we should get official confirmation. Either it is an exaggeration and does no service to any cause or it is true and no serious politician can support no deal. But should not be left as hearsay.
These issues haven’t been caused by the EU, they’ve been caused by Tory policies. It’s not a coincidence that *so many* services have gone to shit since 2010. Brexit won’t solve any of this; it’ll only make things worse.
Mark reveals that Theresa May's feet stink! lol!
Has Christmas come early?
Alastair....can you please explain in detailed terms how a repetition of the process that got us into this shit heap in the first place will in any way solve the threat of a Spanish veto over a final Brexit deal
Brilliant
Plus you bought the dup with our money to keep you in power you are the worst pm of all time .,plus giving 13.4 billion away in foreign aid ,whist we have no policeman and a shite country thanks to you resign #brexit
Will we still have Smirnoff?
Coming to the UK soon, thanks to the suicide that is Brexit.
Brexit for uk is lost !
Corbyn acolytes are desperate that Brexit happens...or should I say Lexit...
The Brexiteers’ ‘take back our waters’ pledge is meaningless hype | John Lichfield
When a running program crashed on an old IBM mainframe, it was known as an ABEND (abnormal end). That's what this is. Abend 04C (desperate, hopeless and all available resources consumed).
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #AndSoOn
No. Never. You greedy, hateful, racist, dim, cruel, deluded bigot.
Wish Americans had the balls to protest like Europeans do. Maybe that’s why most Euro countries are above and beyond us now in many aspects. They actually TRY to make a change happen when it needs to. We just play on our phones, drink &amp; eat fast food. #Paris #America #Brexit #USA
Had you said “Back my no deal. It will be just the start to another even uglier internecine war between the ERG, the Gov and the poor old electorate” I would have respected you more. Instead you pretend this has any capability of “settling it”. A lie.
French banks scale back plans for post-Brexit staff moves.
“Not advocating anything” pretty much sums up the general approach to Brexit. Might be part of reason why it is dissolving into chaos and humiliation?
Spain Gets Guarantees on Gibraltar Before Endorsing Brexit Deal – Voice of America
For all your sugary words, you have betrayed the British people, our sovereignty, dignity, everything we stand for. Your deal is a wolf in sheep's clothing, a thousand broken promises shattered across the fields of our country. Shame on you, you have sold us out #NoDeal #Brexit
Stop talking us down. Brexit means Brexit.
Make your voice heard, a blind brexit not a tricky brexit!
Get down to Sodem before its too late. Make sure you can say I stood outside Parliament shouting to stop Brexit. This is as important as any march, show the MP's that we demand our voices be heard. If not you, who? If not now, when?
Let’s have no deal
Ep. 185: Flim-Flam Fire Man and Brexit Mama Bear on May's Brexit agreement Cabinet implosion/mutiny, midterm vote counts continue, Orange County is the new Blue &amp; Trump rakes California wildfires fires while the world skewers him &amp; more
IS THERESA MAY THE ONLY PERSON THAT BELIEVES WHAT SHE HAS WRITTEN ?
Three 'Brexit' court rulings awaited - "It's not over until it's over"
You’ve sold our souls back to the EU! We voted to leave, you’ve made us remain in all but name. You said “Brexit means Brexit” what on Earth is this? You have made a mockery of this country and of the electorate. Resign so someone can carry out our mandate.
Sometime shortly after Brexit.
Dear . Go fuck yersel
Okay Mr Brexit.
"The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”, in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the criminal investigation into Leave funder Arron Banks."
At last: once Arron Banks’ dirty dealings have been exposed, the whole Brexit edifice will come crashing down. Brexit is a far-right scam financed by vulture capitalists and favoured by Putin - the true citizens of nowhere. No UK citizen should have anything to do with it.
Northern Irish DUP rallies opposition to May’s ‘pitiful’ Brexit deal #europenews
Relatively Accidental - A Black Comedy of Rock Music and Death by Jessika Jenvieve #Book #ebook #Fiction It won't stop Brexit but it will make you laugh - Buy it Now - .--
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
He has poisoned it for decades. Brexit is the novichok that will take generations to recover from.
First no one's fighting. You claim one thing I disagree and used historical facts for my evidence and counter argument. As for the assertion that no one alive today had anything to do with it. Yes indeed but the decisions that the UK government takes eg brexit had implications
Here for the #replies only
[BBC] Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' |
Campaign 'Heart and Soul': UK PM May Calls on Britons to Support Her Brexit Deal: via
Sounds like she should go for a no deal Brexit if it removes morbid Hammond &amp; Dr Doom Carnie. All good!
What is a 'true Brexit'? And how do you know it is true and not a subjective interpretation?
NATIONAL NEWS: Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
We dont want to leave Prime Minister. Wake up ffs! Please do not ignore the public opinion. Brexit was engineered by liars.
Fuck Brexit. And fuck the Tories. Hope yout nasty, disgusting, horrid party dies and is never allowed to come back.
I have started my subs to Le Monde as they have much better factual news and that includes on Brexit. Today a page on reality of manufacturing ‘European’ Mini in Cawley and how Brexit affects it. Why do our MSM shy away from factual reports?
If this doesn't give you a tingle of hope, check your pulse – you may be dead.
No Alan We're not Union subsidised idiots financially ruining our country with threats and violence since Thatcher stopped Scargill in the 80s. Might get these riots from Antifa though if we try to go for no deal Brexit. Left wing scum tactics
Don't give me that you fucking leavetard you don't think you feel you don't believe you hate. you call remainers losers because you are gloating about the misery brexit will inflict. So don't be making an appeal to that that was never threatened
No Prime Minister is better than a bad Prime Minister. I second that.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
A helpful person forwarded this (encouraging) tweet about the French. You would know how many other of the 27 are as aware of our 'plight'.
The PM campaigned for Remain, and now this letter trashes everything she was arguing back then about what's best for the UK. She may well campaign with her "heart and soul" for her Withdrawal Agreement but she'll eventually trash it too if it fails to get through. #NotBuyingIt
Is the UK at last turning into a tough adversary on Brexit - or is it all just an accident? via
UK says no presumption post-Brexit deal should apply to Gibraltar #forexnews
The only reason #brexit is #BrexitShambles is because you are trying your best to find a way to #remain. The only real clear #brexit is #noDeal and for the sake of the UK #democracy this must be delivered. I say this as someone who voted remain . Democracy must unfold
- UK Headlines - * BBC: European Union set to agree Brexit deal * Guardian: Brexit May begs the public: unite behind me on deal * The Times: Police get tough on moped gangs
ask them after the Brexit. 98% of Gibraltarians voted to remain in the European Union. Should Gibraltar be an independent country of the United Kingdom for that?
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
No thanks, rather just leave as a free country with no eu influence in any of our affairs.
"This is T'Pau"
GOOD
'Don't destroy Theresa May,' Boris Johnson told the DUP. 'Let me do it for you.'
Great news.
Trump is itching to leave NATO. The UK leaving after BREXIT would be the trigger for USA.
- Business Headlines - * FT: Spain seals deal with EU and UK on Gibraltar * Nikkei: Taiwan ruling party's local losses threaten 2020 presidential hopes * WSJ: EU, U.K. to Meet for Brexit Summit
Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
And with *my* heart and soul I shall oppose it. Do not pretend our lives will be better. Cancel brexit, and instigate change from within EU, as a member.
#TheresaMay ‘s letter to the nation but I made her signature a bit more legible #Brexit #Deal
And would it be a little cynical of me to suggest that all the extra time being given to ratify brexit gives the Eu time to undermine our own potential trade negotiations throughout the world
. officials can tell . from me that even if I thought your #Brexit deal was the dog's, I wouldn't get behind it. You don't get to label me &amp; my friends as Saboteurs, Citizens of Nowhere etc &amp; expect us to back you. That ship has sailed.
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' #BBCNews
I bet #Macron is kicking himself he didn't demand the Channel Islands back in exchange for #Brexit. Bye bye #Gibraltar
If they are yours why are they moving at all? Why don’t you have them stand by you in your new Brexit utopia?
Nothing. Maybe bullish for commondities. But Brexit news will boost european markets.
Okay, I’m offering a “hard” brexit and a seriously “wide” brexit. My “member” is dead set on providing “pleasure” for the masses.
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
Only 6% of UK businesses do business with the #EU. They are mainly BIG businesses. Most countries in the world (86%) are not in the EU, &amp; trade successfully under WTO rules. There will be many more jobs in the UK, without #EU red tape ! #EU now turning into open #Dictatorship !
To many people who voted Brexit I don't think realised that. Immigration was made out to be something to fear and not something that works both ways as a lot brits live in Spain, France etc and students study in Europe. We are being forced to be insular. I don't want that.
gotta love inspiring confidence in your plan by telling your people they gotta get on with it
"We're not really going to leave the EU but I'm going to firmly pretend we are. In trying to please everyone I will please no-one. Luckily I'm surrounded by cowards and morons who aren't offering anything better. So you all lost. Get over it."
While May tries to sell the deal, Hammond does his best to reassure us that no deal may in fact better than any deal.
Catalan Gov: RT : The supports the EU 27-UK deal on Brexit, and shows disconformity with the position taken by the Spanish Government over Gibraltar. Our aspiration is to have a Republic in which citizens, companies and ins…
But how are DUP (plus any other Brexiters in parliament) going to get an improved deal? What’s the process for achieving this... only way I can see is for a new Brexit leader of Tories to take over but May seems impossible to topple...
You must be kicking yourself for pretending to back Leave, as if you backed Remain you'd be a lot more popular now, because that's all you're interested in really isn't it? #PeoplesVote #Brexit #WithdrawlAgreement #JacobReesMogg
Stop the "Brexit cliff edge" nonsense.
You led your sales pitch with celebrating taking away my right to live and work in 27 other countries. Fuck you, fuck your appalling deal, and fuck Brexit.
The Prime Minister seeks the public’s backing for her #Brexit deal, hashtag and all
Funny you don't mention Philip's substantial profiteering opportunities. No one wants Brexit but you. Time to give up.
There is one bit of Theresa May's "letter to the British public" that I agree with - that you should write to your MP. If your MP isn't an insane, card-carrying member of the ERG with a throb-on for a hard Brexit, then contact them and ask them for a #PeoplesVote
Good riddance to the remoaner muppet.
The great thing about this story is how journalists can hold power to account, how a national catastrophe can be averted. The bad thing is that it offers May a lifeline ... if she annuls brexit she'll be a hero ... but she's still the most racist &amp; cruellest PM we've ever had.
I realise. It's twitter.. It's easy to miss context etc... Especially flitting from one tweet to another very quickly. Brexit is a minefield.
England/Wales get their wishes to leave, Northern Ireland gets its wish to remain, Scotland being dragged out against its wishes and placed at a competitive disadvantage to NI. Crazy brexit reality. #indyref2
Petition: STOP BREXIT
I actually believe that breaking up the UK would be more messy than Brexit, but part of me thinks it would be worth it just for the anguish it would cause anti-English Brits like Adonis.
So how do you get rid of this oppressive govt if not through a general election?
This is planned to go through before brexit I do believe, so it would still affect people in the UK.
No deal is better than a bad deal. I've said it many times. The problem is No Deal will never happen, as I've said. It's an excuse for MPs having their own way and ending Brexit for ever. As I've said Many times
No it doesn't. The UK voted to leave, wanting the benefits but no obligations. What on earth did you think would happen? Brexit was never deliverable in the way promised to us.
So it’s come to this. May issues ‘pubic plea’ over #Brexit. Good one BBC captioning department. Christmas bonuses all round.
Why not go now?
The vast number of Scottish public have no idea what’s going on with Brexit or its real consequences for them. Congratulations, ‘Scottish’ media.
The only reason she is still PM is bc they are all complicit it will get through on the second attempt . It’s going to go off big time !
Agreeing to empower the EU to determine the UK's relationship is not BREXIT
2 I will support #Brexit look my children in the eye and make them improvised, watching as they lose their chances in order to help the state make itself a voluntary rule taker rather than rule maker.
Merkel's statement to EU nations on surrendering their Sovereignity and Brexit finalising / May's letter to nation - All at same time. Conincidences ?
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU via
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Soon to be followed by "My letter of resignation", eh ? #brexit
JFK 1963: "Freedom has many difficulties and democracy is not perfect, but we have never had to put a wall up to keep our people in". 2018: "Control over our borders, by bringing an end to free movement, once and for all." #Brexit - May's wall. #NotInMyName
Priceless! #BrexitMess #BinBrexit
Have a word with yourself Fraser, #brexit is a greed and hate driven British thing, stop blaming the Irish or the Europeans for the current situation Danny Dyer me moment!
If the deal is voted down, I have a pretty good suspicion they won't get to the second vote, 'I think people will say, you've got to go, you have lost the confidence of the party.'
Yes! Could there yet be justice in the nation? Our judiciary activated by a few courageous journalists and academics doing the job a decent government, opposition or monarch should have done. Fight on it’s not over yet! #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Even doesn't speak for Jeremy Corbyn on #brexit he's AWOL on the matter.
Brexit sucks and needs to go back for another vote. It would get tossed out like Republicans were thrown out of the house.
Out long before Christmas hopefully.
No way, May.
The remain stooges haven't learned a single thing concerning their loss two years ago.
The british government trys to hide the plot to hinder the brexit
People would probably say with Brexit it's "shit creek without a paddle" but its really a "very decent creek but May won't stop putting holes into boat"
Have they just realised this? If so it's rather remarkable - a cynic might think that the claim is being made to scare MPs into passing the Brexit deal that Theresa May is struggling to get support for.
Scrap that, he's not deluded, just trapped into a Brexit panto character desperate to sell copies of a trash mag or just get attention. Pathetic.
I reckon May is making such a fuck up of Brexit as so the House won't vote for it,deadlock ensues,2nd vote required,and they'll fix that!
Secret talks just you &amp; olly, brexit cabinet kept out, making them look like fools for your decisions. U LIE all the time or leave out important info. NI, FISHING.GIBRALTAR. God you have a lot to answer for. We HATE you RESIGN so a new brexiteer PM can retreive what u have broken
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal | Politics | The Guardian Nope!
calls for #brexit deal support
Busted flush Boris ‘Philanderer’ Johnson reduced to novelty act status at the DUP conference
If you’re an Unemployed Citizen in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
no one is willing to defend #Brexit on its substance anymore — only on the entirely abstract basis of its being an expression of ‘the will of the people’ that’s because #Brexit was and remains — in its substance — a thoroughly regrettable populist brain fart
The Spectator makes the eyebrow-raising claim that "only in 2017" did the border issue hit the headlines. My dear friends, people in Ireland heard about it almost daily from the moment a referendum was proposed. It's been half my bloody job since then!
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
A faulty question? If Labour will run a GE on a pro remain or "we'll get a best deal" brexit platform? Don't you think that's fairly important? Or are you saying Labour are asking for a GE but they don't know if they would be pro Remain or pro brexit in that campaign?
Brexit is like an acid - it destroys everything it comes into contact with.
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms via
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' Brexit minister
No Brexit will be a lot worse than No Deal
Drathro's fetching the secrets! It must be the Brexit deal!! #DWBar
What the actual fuc%! This is getting beyond mental. What next? Oxygen?
You're citing manufacturing industries here. I see two types: a) Those with just-in-time production chains requiring frictionless trade; b) Those like Dyson who favour Brexit because they want to manufacture in the far east, not the UK.
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Hypothetically speaking it shows how much you care for your nation that you laugh at its downfall. Thankfully if Brexit is allowed to happen the way leavers voted then we will be prosperous. You see I have every confidence in our ability &amp; resolve.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
A ge now not so good, people's vote still brexit in a nutshell
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
This much is true: And worse, owning that Brexit at whatever the cost to all but the well-heeled and filthy rich, and their propagandists (they hope)
Is it just me or do you get angrier about thing as you get older. The teachers are so wrong about this. The money is simply not there. Just for the record, I'm raging about Brexit, livid at the way Scotland are treated by UK establishment and seriously hate Trump.
I am pretty sure that fluorosilicic acid, aluminium sulphate, calcium hydroxide and sodium silicofluoride are not rare or unstable.
Nope. Another leave voter here and immigration was the least of my concerns. She doesn't have a mandate to use Brexit to realise her xenophobic wet dreams.
First Theresa May, then Brexit, now Article 13...THE WORLD IS ENDING! JOBS WILL BE LOST, CONTENT WILL DIE, BIG COMPANIES WILL THRIVE OFF TAKING DOWN OTHER CREATORS!
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Absolutely charming.
Brexit May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain veto threat Guardian
If he goes to prison I will have to revise my figure of 'tangible benefits of brexit' from zero to one.
Please listen to Tom Watson, : ‘We must back members on new Brexit vote’
Good
god speed to the eight people on uk twitter sober and engaged enough to read a letter about brexit at 11pm on a saturday, you are heroes every one, I am watching cartoons
It’s not going through despite her best lying efforts &amp; a revamp of project fear take 128
Well it’s down to you Brexit politicians to start ACTION rather than TALKING. Show the BRITISH people you are FIGHTING for them and the COUNTRY!!!!
Relatively Accidental - A Black Comedy of Rock Music and Death by Jessika Jenvieve #Book #ebook #Fiction It won't stop Brexit but it will make you laugh - Buy it Now - +-
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
BREAKING: MRP polling is not an actual vote.
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May’s Brexit ‘letter to the nation’
Bollocks. The only reason the integrity of the UK is threatened is because Teresa May and her Remainer-voting Civil Service have done as much as they possibly can to make this Brexitino - Brexit in name only. The British people voted for Leave and we would do better to crash out.
Thanks for the letter. Are you going to give the nation the opportunity to back the Brexit deal?
We didn't vote for a BREXIT deal...!! We VOTED to either stay or leave the EU... And the VOTE was LEAVE THE EU... Not deal.
Brexit Latest: Sterling (GBP) Remains Vulnerable to Deal Backlash
Total Bollocks.....................Theresa May's open letter to Britain: My Brexit deal works for everyone - whether you voted Leave or Remain via
Spain's socialist government is scoring an own goal with this. Separatism is a threat to both the UK and Spain, and EU policies over the years have lent encouragement to it.
UK – Philip Hammond ‘will quit the Cabinet and take five ministers with him if Theresa May tries for a No Deal Brexit’
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal
Hovis going after your Brexit voted (soft, white)
May’s #BrexitDeal is rapidly turning into an episode of Dad’s Army. Private Walker has just sold Gibraltar back to Spain with a pound of sausages.....
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Well if Brexit has a good side, Gibraltar returning to Spain is it.
This deal is technology dependent; this Government's profound technological ignorance has driven the screw-up of every IT dependent project since they took office. #Tory #Brexit will be as abysmal as #UniversalCredit on steroids! Be warned!
Theresa May #wtf #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit 354
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Great it’s the crossing I used in my blog a few months ago was hiding under the bridge apparently
Good to hear but shame that May isn’t ‘standing by’ the UK? Her irrational Tory obsession with austerity and a corrupted Brexit has led the UK into biased poverty and homelessness. Their words can never be trustworthy, neither can they be depended upon?
NOW I hear your old mans company lost £30,000,000 due to the #Brexit issue! Care to clarify?
I didn’t do the Brexit tweets to be popular I just do them to put the word out there that they are dictators Ireland is not part of Britain not since it gained it’s independence from it in 1922 so it is not it’s place to be getting involved in it so it should take care of itself
People still believe the lie that the NHS will benefit from Brexit. When are we going to accept we're just not informed / educated enough to have referendums?
I thought that but think he's rallying. His speech to the DUP was inspiring. He has the Charisma and clout to save the Tories and deliver brexit. He's not going to kow tow to anyone. Can't see any one better at the moment. Gove is no threat. Not now. He's got nothing to lose.
Today you stated Gibraltar was not negotiable. Is this like the Irish back stop wasn’t goin* to happen? So have you just given Gibraltar back to the Spanish? Looks like it. You have not delivered brexit just lies.
Full of labour MP's?
"Fear because you won’t have any food. Fear of unemployment. Fear that we’ve somehow been so reduced as a country that we can no longer, as it were, totter about in the world independent as a nation. And a constant attrition of our morale" Peter Shore MP
Tip for anti-#Brexit MPs:- start asking questions like 'on March 30th next year can we reduce Corporation Tax?' Ask any question which will result in an answer of 'NO', or, 'we'll have to ask for permission from the #EU'. That should really show up the 'deal' for what it is.
Why should we expect foreign countries to help us, when WE are the ones damaging our country?
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Here's your Brexit. A w 's Brexit.
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her
He is forcing #BREXIT. No #BREXIT, no quarter. She is going to beg the EU one more time, and again they will laugh in Her face. Last time she was told in or out, not both. We are literally all she has left, but doesn’t realize it...yet.
hahahahahahahahaha! but he didn’t get a knighthood…
Id love to know what some of the people giving abuse in the comments would do to solve brexit if they were in her position...
Screw blexit or brexit... I want to be at that Chicago block party when David Duke shows up. Make me some YouTube money.
Exclusive study unveils the gap in generational attitudes over Brexit's economic damage: via
In fact...
This is Brexit. You rolled the dice...
3 May's Conservativeism is an enforcer of a corrupted referendum enforcing #Brexit, itself just the philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue the equal sharing of misery to us all, so why wouldn't it be a winner?
where you have been for the last 2.5 years ? #Brexit
I don’t believe you ever voted Brexit.
David Coburn MEP has told UKIP Scotland that Theresa May is planning to LOSE the Parliamentary vote on the Brexit deal. Read More: #Brexit
Of course you will you've won the Euro lottery without buying a ticket the prize United Kingdom as a colony
Europe agreeing the #Brexit deal...
Gibraltar deal reached by UK and Spain before Brexit summit
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Got to stage where I believe very little of what politicians are saying. Actions speak louder than words. I'll believe Arlene Foster when she delivers. Until then it's just TALK.
Totally Agree!!!
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal -
BBCNews : Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' (via Twitter
Where are you getting your numbers from?
Making the case for political education. Ernest Agbada online. #Titans #NATO #Africa #UniversityChallenge #AstonMartin #tokyotreats #McStrike #BlackHistoryMonth #Panorama #Gibraltar #Brexit
Labour / Corbyn want Brexit, no matter the cost. It’s really time the left accepted this. There’s no longer any point pretending otherwise. Brexit before country is Labour’s new motto.
Let's say she got this through the commons, we would be looking at a minimum of 3 years from now until final separation, and then as many as 8-10 years to finalise trade negotiations. And that is probably optimistic.
We all know #Brexit is in financial interests of v. tiny few aka &amp; #crispinodey et al to avoid transparency Also #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw so not a democratic vote. #notbuyingit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
Same as when he asked everyone to not use a pencil when voting for #Brexit as the polling station clerk could run the vote out. FFS the lengths this man goes to #Clingon
Planet brexit. It's where all the shitheads live.
Tom Watson tells Corbyn: ‘We must back members on new Brexit vote’
What were you saying about the will of the people? #brexit
What?!
Wait till #Brexit
PM to copy Tony Blair's propaganda tricks to sell her Brexit to Brits.
Theresa May's Brexit deal can be salvaged if she relents over Irish backstop, Dominic Raab says
#Brexit has destroyed our national standing... nevermind May's deal.
I guess it limits the damage that Brexit will inevitably cause
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
desperation setting in - May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means #MockTheRight -
you could insist on suspending Britain’s departure from #EU until the court has reached its decision! #StopBrexitSaveBritain
How about march on parliament when they vote for/against the brexit deal
Hovis catering to your soft white Brexit voter.
#TheresaMay has humiliated the UK. Her Brexit deal represents the total surrender of UK sovereignty, £39bn wasted &amp; it hugely damages our economy by trapping us under #EU economic rules, restricting UK trade &amp; locking us in the #customsunion. May’s deal must be defeated #WTOrules
How will it prove the vehicle that will lead to Brexit being cancelled........
Such a light &amp; fluffy feel good film. You'll have nightmares tonight. It's like a post Brexit apocalypse.
There are immense trading opportunities in the Pacific region – but not while we’re shackled to the EU’s customs union via #Brexit #SaturdayThoughts #SaturdayMorning
how about you vote on wether or not to vote again on Brexit. Things change. People become more informed.
If you're a 'taking back control' Brexiteer remember: The 'City of London' (ie. the financial district) is not technically part of the UK or for that matter the EU. #Brexit
More desperate shilling from the Mail. I think they're starting to realise that going all-in for Loser May was a mistake. Sod them ! via
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
Quelle surprise! This is being seen across the country where many MPs are denying the reality that the country is no longer sure about brexit. Let the people have their say now we have a deal on the table. Time for a #peoplesvote to #StopBrexit
I beg May to go
He is more Brexit than the leave campaign. He's balls deep in this too
#StopBrexit When all Brexit politicians die We shall erect unto the sky In memory of their cunning stunts The names of all the stupid cunts. Amen
This.
BBC News - Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Britain is on the verge of historic Brexit blunder, warns country’s former foreign secretary Boris Johnson at DUP conference
The absolute state of this. As if Irish people only gave a shite about the border since brexit. Fuck the fuck off.
Dear Mr Tombs. You are wrong. You are supposed to be a clever man, but you are SO wrong. Brexit is a catastrophe for the UK. For our self preservation we need to either withdraw A50 and Remain n EU (best option), or have a #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #OptionToRemain
's subtle way of saying that and (minus ) do not like them. Just before the DUP trigger a constitutional crisis in the flawed belief it will save their precious Union and or precious Brexit. #dup18
Sky has been a lot more balanced and informative than the BBC concerning brexit.
The rant is not shocking anymore as the current (post Trump) climate enables her to voice these abhorrent views. It's the same in Britain (post brexit). Those sensible enough to call out this BS need to keep fighting against it. More power to us for fighting the good fight.
The problem for these clowns is that they never had the courage to define “true Brexit” before the referendum. It was deliberately vague and idealistic. Now they try to pretend there was such a definition. It doesn’t wash. Mabel down the road wanted £350m for the NHS and SM.
She lives in the Estab. bubble &amp; still doesn't get Brexit. Immigration was a big factor, as the most visible symptom of eroded sovereignty, but it was sov. as a whole that we wanted back. Remainers &amp; Leavers alike hate her deal as it hands over sov. to achieve this one goal.
Brilliant!
I’d go for the latter.. #NeverTrustATory #Brexit
Good-bye &amp; GOOD RIDDANCE #PhilipHammond ! You've been a Big part of the Problem ! True #Patriots will open the Champgne ! #HammondHorrorshow #Conservatives
What exactly is a 'true' Brexit? Also a campaign of lies and deceit, coupled with illegal overspending shouldn't be something to be defended by anyone. That a sitting MP would do so is far more damaging to our democracy.
Sorry, it's not a nation. It's 4 separate countries. 2 or which want nothing to with neither Tories nor brexit. This deal won't get through and a brexit butter (Johnson, raab, javid) will give us a harder brexit. Scotland's off, byee
How much humiliation is willing to take from the misogynistic unelected male EU politicians who run the evil EU-empire. Let's hope it stops short of them making her pull a train. Whatever the #Brexit outcome the EU must be utterly destroyed. #Leave #Remain #MayMustGo
Have a word with yourself Fraser, #Brexit is a greed and hate driven British thing! Stop blaming the Irish or the Europeans for the current situation Danny Dyer moment ***t!
I assume he would have bet 50, but figured if Brexit happens he might need to save some money to buy turnips.
I'm saying that the current front bench stance on brexit makes them untrustworthy #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain
. , you won't ask people if they really want to leave, but they get to pick between sliding down the rubbish chute or in a body bag? You must have realized by now, that the #Brexit referendum was flawed, do you wish this to be your legacy? #FBPE
You missed out the part where you have decided to betray the 17.4 million people who voted for BREXIT and worse, that you have failed to deliver on the manifesto pledges that 13.6 million Conservative voters trusted you to make good on. You disgust me Mrs May. #BREXIT
Brexit meant something different to each of the millions that voted for it. You've no right to project your interpretation onto half the country. That's the main problem with the whole mess we're in.
This generation is pathetic compared to the young men &amp; women of WW1 &amp; WW2. If May had been a war time leader we would have become allies or 'neutral state" (like fascist Spain &amp; Italy) of Germany... Think about it. Pathetic. #Brexit #MayMustGo
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal
Olly Robbins' 'smoke and mirrors' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit * * fixed for you
If the Government were to collapse and Brexit talks fail, there would be serious implications for investors. I asked four investment experts if there is anything private investors can do to prepare. #money #finance
Brexit Betrayal Agreement, get it buddy.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
EU presidency urges Britain to ditch Brexit
cant wait to leave the bloody EU. BREXIT MEANS BREXIT
The Brexit Blog: Reflections on the Political Declaration
Is it the truth that Boris is about to state that “Staying in the EU is preferable to to Mrs May’s Brexit”! That way he pleases everyone and gets the premiership to boot
Yes. A #peoplesvote with two options. A. Soft #Brexit B. Hard #Brexit. No place for a #peoplesvote
When's the next leap year so that I can propose to this gorgeous man?
Nope. Not going to happen.
The only downside ... if May's Tories claim credit for this and stop Brexit, she and they will be painted as heroes. They're not, they're one of the cruellest governments in history and she's responsible for some of the most racist legislation in the modern era.
Traitor
Great documentary on tonight about what the U.K will look like following Brexit...
Read this
Irish trucks could bypass Welsh ports in no-deal Brexit, MPs told - BBC News
both on the outside, looking in
One of the coolest things I saw today: t shirts at the Mogwai merch table emblazoned with "brexit is shite"
False pig headed idealology means more to the DUP than the cold facts of the situation of Brexit, if the DUP causes a hard Brexit then the people of the UK will want rid of N. Ireland for that then. Does the DUP not know that?
Brexit latest: Deal reached between UK and Spain on Gibraltar ahead of EU summit | London Evening Standard
Thank god for that.... it’s nearly over..... hopefully everybody will shut up about it now! #poorTheresa #ratherherthanme
Update....
"Why does Facebook think that our laws our quaint?" I am looking forward to Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook to appear at the international committee meeting we are holding in UK on FB's obligation to be accountable for democratic accountability. #Brexit
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' via #breakingnews #breaking
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal vía
How many years do you envisage our being in the EEA before we negotiate the Canada+++-type fta with the EU and get out, George?
Screw your Brexit deal. Resign!
‘Government sinks Rock’ will be as difficult a headline for govt as those about the backstop/NI border. The ERG will jump on it for purely political reasons. But the fate of #Gibralter will be something that ordinary people will care about. Will it be this that sinks May/#Brexit?
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's #Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Hi Steven. This is the first sensible thing you’ve ever said about Brexit.
UK Brexit - Gibraltar: On Sat, May agreed to Spain demands for legal declaration that any new EU-Gibraltar trade pact would need to be separate from deal that UK strikes. May insisted stance hadn’t changed as UK already agreed last yr Gibr. would be treated difftly GBP (v)
UK Brexit - Gibraltar: May’s concession “utterly shameful” - Owen Paterson. Gibraltar “shd be free to enjoy benefits of any new trade deals signed by a newly independent UK”. May “abandoned” Gibraltar, “capitulated to every single EU demand” - Tory Nadine Dorries GBP (v/-)
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's #Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Oh good when you going?
Theresa May’s Brexit plot spells disaster for the NHS|
I do not have any disregard for the Unionist community quite the contrary as a matter of fact. The fact is that the majority in NI voted to remain in the EU and it is in that context that majority shall eventually vote to remain in the EU via a UI. #Think32 #Brexit
I've read PM's plea letter to the British people to ask us to back her #Brexit deal... am I convinced to give the green light to it? If a #PeoplesVote on this deal does happen, I'm voting for the option to retain EU membership!
Diane Abbott says the UK would vote Leave again if there was a second referendum
The UK is a great example of the non-practicality of the FF vision. Pulling from the EU with pro-EU countries like Scotland undergoing independence efforts demonstrate what happens when minority opinions overwhelm the majority (most of the EU is against Brexit).
Britain is on the verge of historic Brexit blunder, warns country’s former foreign secretary Boris Johnson at DUP conference via #breaking
Labour over the next 3 weeks must open up fully this guff to scrutiny. It must be ridiculed 24/7 mercilessly.
Yeah right - she’ll forgive me if I don’t hold too much hope in her and her party’s ability to establish a “skill-based” immigration system... #trackrecord #windrush #brexit #BrexitChaos
Sorry Mrs May, I cannot support Brexit in any form. The referendum conned so many, and now I am waiting to see the outcome of the various investigations into whether it was actually legal. #remain #stopbrexit #peoplesvote
Globalists on the left need a boogeyman to blame for influencing the poor senseless voters of ________ (Brexit, 2016, Georgia, Italy, etc.). Defy, delay, deny!
Let’s hope we get a NO DEAL!!
Has Christmas come early Steve? I presume as an MP you will stand up for democracy and call it void if he has used foreign money in the illegal overspend?
Actual stick yer Brexit up yer shiter, ffs.
Good the WA will crash and burn in the HOC
The Maybot will never ever get my support. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Why would any #Remainer be happy with this #Brexit shit created by #Tories - ended up w something worse than what we had just to please idiots that trusted #Tories
What a Black Friday sell out by our 'Prime Minister' #Brexit
Labour prevented Govt passing Article50 for 9 months, until winning a major Govt concession &amp; the 6 Tests from Ministers. Then they voted against Govt 73 times on Brexit. Your statement refers to a challenge showing May had no plan.
Poor old Iain genuinely believes that Brexit has failed because of an insufficiency of ideological zeal on the part of people in power. The same excuse peddled by ideologues of all stripes (Marxists, fascists, Islamists) for their failed utopias.
Sooner the better
New post ('We want a better deal': talking Brexit aboard a fishing trawler) has been published on fishinghacksandtips -
Hogwash born of wishful thinking
Traitor
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas High Court could rule Brexit vote void as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
trade negotiations with the rest of the world are going to be a hoot. why do these people think everyone owes britain?
EU President Italian CATHOLIC Antonio Tajani. At the time of Brexit it was GERMAN CATHOLIC Martin Schulz. European Council President: Polish CATHOLIC Donald Tusk. President of the European Court of Justice Koen Lenaerts Belgium CATHOLIC JESUIT educated.
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship - via
Bring it on...the sooner the better these liars and traitors are obliterated.
PM says she's fighting with her heart and soul for the Brexit deal.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
#we can have a vote on Hard or soft #Brexit with no option to Remain. No #peoplesvote
Two questions to users: 1) What is Article 13 and 2) Do I need to worry about it if #Brexit happens????
Heart?
Count yourself lucky! They’re there on the pro-Corbyn fringes: “well actually, Brexit is good.... well actually Stalin had some good ideas..”
Is there another letter Commending Rory on the Grant of a May Knighthood for Services rendered to the Process of Brexit
So true Boris.................Boris Johnson: Theresa May's Brexit deal is like the Titanic - and there's an iceberg right ahead via
UK will declare referendum vote was invalid and call the whole #Brexit thing off.
Brexit will be delivered Donna. This deal will not pass in Parliament. EU and the UK will come up with another deal or WTO way
then consider the Conservatives; who have fucked up brexit fucked up welfare fucked up the NHS fucked up the military fucked up law and order and all that before we mention windrush, mental health, and Ireland Remember if you dont want Labour you get the corrupt evil Tories
Just realised I’ve booked a trip to Spain for the day after we “brexit”. Lol. What an absolute dick I am.
Nope.. if the vote on Dec 11/12 is lost, there'll be a Commons vote in a debate on a motion of No Confidence in the PM - that's normal procedure. And she will win it, cos Tories DUP (&amp; most voters) do not want another general election. And then we're back on the Brexit treadmill.
EU President Italian CATHOLIC Antonio Tajani. At the time of Brexit it was GERMAN CATHOLIC Martin Schulz. European Council President: Polish CATHOLIC Donald Tusk. President of the European Court of Justice Koen Lenaerts Belgium CATHOLIC JESUIT educated.
Cheerio Philip we won’t miss you - honest
I prefer the Marianne Faithfull &amp; Mick Jagger antics with a Mars bar....
Here’s Hoagy’s impression of the government sorting out the #Brexit deal. #greyhound
A week after a no deal Brexit and not only will everyone with insulin dependent diabetes be dead, no food on the island - not even a single mars bar but now we won’t even have drinkable water.
Oh good, that's a good start - bye bye Phillie
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
A waiting nation reads Theresa May’s #brexit message
The woman has no 'heart or soul'. This is a blind Brexit that meets the aspirations of nobody. She's utterly deluded.
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' #UK | #RTGNews
After Brexit, who will be America’s best friend in the European Union?
#May shows yet again what a cowardly traitor she is by betraying #Gibraltar. Thatcher thought a war to defend the Falklands &amp; now May can’t even be bothered to defend Gibraltar in #Brexit talks. May surrendered to Spain &amp; agreed Gibraltar will NOT be included in an EU trade deal!
Well...I prefer #PeoplesVote which we'd win decisively, but if not we have our revenge on any party that has supported Brexit by voting for a pro EU party...conscience clear...
It's just not possible. The UK Government cannot give away Northern Ireland and Gibraltar as a negotiated settlement. What could the UK possibly get in return? It was shameful when the Irish boarder became the negotiation pawn. It's now become a fascicle comedy of ridicule
Best ever UK Banker says Clean Brex is best deal
Caving May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
Dominic Raab Did Not Visit Dover Once During His Time As Brexit Secretary
There is no deal that can “work for the whole country” except to #StopBrexit. Any type of #Brexit, “hard”, “soft”, “Chequers” or “crash out”, will be bad for everyone except rich tax avoiders and Mr Putin. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #InformedConsent #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain
A past Tweet from Harry and a few facts for the Brexit voters.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
The idea being nuts is one thing, but when one of the campaigns was operating well outside the boundaries of the law, proceeding unquestioningly with Brexit is a betrayal of the proper democratic process.
#BREAKING UK parliament sent sergeant-at-arms to seize internal Facebook documents, allegedly related to the election psy-op / voter microtargeting Cambridge Analytica scandal. #Brexit #Trump #BigData #Manipulation #TrickedAmericans #TrickedBritish #Bannon #Mercers
Brexit voters 2016 “Let’s roll the dice and see what happens”. Brexit voters 2018 “Bad dice!”
I love women, my mothers a...
Let the government put aside the #Brexit issue for a time and deal with the pressing and important issue of pop up adds on the internet.
And...Labour falls apart over Brexit......thus giving the Tories enough leeway to get their shit together just enough to cling onto power. Do any of you understand irony?
Afraid a nationalistic rather than a human rights approach to Gibraltar is the kind of thing that feeds Brexit.
Agreed! The EU and May are in this together trying to get to a point where Brexit supporters say this deal is worse than staying in so let’s cancel Brexit! May is a disaster and has undermined the process from the beginning!
You might think “we will be able to spend British taxpayer’s money on our own priorities...” is a misplaced apostrophe, but really what it means is that we’ve earmarked Tom from Basingstoke’s taxes for potholes and yours is going to be swallowed up by the cost of Brexit.
And it hasn't even started yet! Brexit will probably take at least 5 years, starting in 2020. We should call the whole thing off
Backing the nation is what you are paid to do! the nation spoke, brexit, no CU no SM and no ECJ, NOT YOUR HALF WAY IN HALF WAY OUT B/S Do the right thing, stop being so arrogant, step aside and let a brexit PM give us what we voted for or you and your party will be doomed!
Could this be the sole and only brexit dividend?
Sorry the only thing uniting Britain right now is our shared loathing of you and the scum. Call an election, and resign It's the only thing that can save you worthless vermin.
A preview of the 2020 Austin brexit clubman model.
Dear Mrs May respect the referendum and democracy the majority voted leave. #Brexit #betrayal
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
We DO NOT NEED A WTO BREXIT.
#Strictly Favourite Tory? #Brexit #MOTD #AVFC #JC4PM #marr #LeaveEU #SOCIALISTSUNDAY #GTTO Please RT for wider audience.
Rubbish . Why publish what you know isn't true?
Great documentary on right now, showing what the U.K. will be like after Brexit...
It looks of late that fell at the last hurdle. I remember standing next to you, Bill, at Bournemouth conference when Nigel officially stood down and said he wanted his life back.(I do respect that decision) Brexit has been thwarted by the elite.
I think a lot of people forget that fact, that you only became PM because of the Brexit referendum result. You’ve been left to steer a sinking ship with very little help and constant bickering and back stabbing from within your own party. I respect how you’ve handled the whole...
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the…
This is not the only problem. Some business women in his constituency made an appointment to discuss #Brexit problems &amp; challenges for their businesses. The meeting was cancelled as he 'supports the PM's Brexit deal'. Democracy for women is silenced yet again!
Agree.
hate it! hate it! Hate it! Hate #Brexit. Hate May and the Conservatives for trying so hard to do it instead of just giving up as any sane person would!
There’s something wrong with the sequencing. If May’s deal fails, she’s out. if by a miracle she isn’t would she really flip to No Deal? A new PM would sack Hammond in any case. Can’t see the moves where he gets to choose this.
FFS! What is wrong with these people? All this talk of battles &amp; war &amp; surviving Brexit because we survived WW2 . Anyway apparently Mr Howard was wrong. Thank god. #RejectTheDeal #FinalSay #InformedConsent
Brexit. Thanks to you.
Brilliant view by Cockburn! "Suppose..that Britain fought and lost a military conflict with a rival European power, then the departure of Britain from the EU might well be demanded by the victor as a way of ensuring that Britain was permanently weakened"
And the done on purpose shambolic “Brexit” wins. 2nd referendum and May will fling herself happily into junkers arms and say, “see darling, it worked. Deeper integration AND you get our military as well under PESCO”!
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Think about it: Brexit votes were in June 2016 and the Labour Party didn't accept the results. Now there might (if May follows through with what she says) be action in 2019. 3 years later.
Remember when we'd never heard of Nick Timothy? #Brexit
Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit -
If #Brexit has been tough so far, it'll get far, far worse down the line when #UK will be require approval of #EU27 to be released from customs union. Not a very strong bargaining position...
But we want a no deal
EU President Italian CATHOLIC Antonio Tajani. At the time of Brexit it was GERMAN CATHOLIC Martin Schulz. European Council President: Polish CATHOLIC Donald Tusk. President of the European Court of Justice Koen Lenaerts Belgium CATHOLIC JESUIT educated.
Wee correction to Will's tweet there is no Britain only a UK which is in the process of dissolving like washing powder in a machine!
Hurrah! This is the end of Brexit. No-one could possibly take her seriously after this.
Stats for Lefties: Should I stay or should I go? Labour’s Brexit dile...
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' -
I want to stop #Brexit because l love travelling round Europe visiting friends, sitting on café terraces and working contracts there.
An increasingly desperate Theresa Mayon Sunday appeals to the British people to unite behind her Brexit deal...
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
The Latest: Spanish PM agrees to back Brexit deal
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
BBC News - Brexit Countdown: Why is the Northern Ireland border question so hard?
I've read PM's plea letter to the British people to ask us to back her #Brexit deal... am I convinced to give the green light to it?
Ah, fear not. Give us a couple of years of a no-deal Brexit and "going cap in hand to the IMF" will be both a desciption of current events, and back in vogue as a saying.
is an obnoxious oik&amp; should be made to pay for his treachery towards the UK over Brexit. He should be turned away when Ireland comes with their begging bowl when the €euro crumbles in the very near future.
'a Brexit deal that works for every part of the country' what, even those parts that voted 62% against Brexit?
Theresa May is destroying Britain. #FBPE
Thinks Hillary meant for Europe :
Someone bail me out, dont wanna spend the nite in the slammer. got to coach the brexit bruisers tomorrow.
I am so sorry Nadeem, I understand how devastating it is, 3 out of 5 in our family have been made redundant, (myself alot of years ago whilst on maternity leave wouldn't happen now but maybe will again after Brexit), my husband twice,
W've just given up Gibraltar!! ? Geographically, u could say 'fair enough' but 30,000 ppl who considered themselves British citizens have just been royally shafted and treated as collateral damage by our Brexit-loving government #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
An attempt to reverse Brexit is in progress right now in plain sight.
I'd rather not read anti Brexit propaganda. Can you summarise?
What a brave boy. They're running scared. Brexit is dying and they know it. Just too stubborn to admit it. Brainwashed and sad.
The top 40 horrors lurking in the small print of Theresa May’s Brexit deal
No. You called me “a citizen of nowhere”, you’re taking away my kids’ FOM “once and for all” and your nasty, petty xenophobic policies have turned this country into a place I’m ashamed to call home. I will never get behind you, your party or your Brexit.
Even Rees-Mogg is talking about decades of economic harm from a hard Brexit. A couple of years is completely deluded. Hundreds of thousands of manufacturing and supporting jobs would be lost. GFA etc. We are woefully unprepared at the channel ports...
Other freedoms are likely to disappear also if May continues to get her way.
56% REMAIN 44% LEAVE #BrexitShift accelerating... (Massive sample - the most cutting edge methodology)
no one is going to blame you for what is undeliverable #Brexit has always been a poisoned chalice even on WTO wouldn't fix the issues ,there is no answers to this pandora's box its seen many a PM fall i would urge you to let go of power call a GE not a fail but reality
HAMISH MCRAE: Brexit? We started it 15 years ago Europe is declining in its economic importance to us and to the world
Vote on Hard or Soft #brexit only No place for Remain obviously.
Tory #racism in action. #brexit was a result of #tory incompetence and austerity and internal fight. Your corruption has tainted the UK. you talk about free movement as bad. What about our children and grandchildren whose opportunity you are reducing. #StopBrexit #peoplesvote
McDonnell &amp; Thornberry have backed Brexit as well!! #StopBrexitSaveBritain
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
May's deal is not what leave voters voted for and is worse than what remain voters voted for. Our best option now, because of 18 months of incompetence, is to go for a genuine WTO based #Brexit
A fan or not, Theresa has been about the only consistent thing during this horrible and sad time of #brexit. Let's move forward now ffs.
Some good news at last
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
,that's the redline Scotland are the only ones that have stuck Way that redline. Mind tories brexit never once said removal from single market. Jeremy corbyn doesn't want single market he wants a seat a CU not The CU wtf is wrong way tories in Labour they on angel dust or CRACK
I think anyone in the regions who thought Brexit would help redress the imbalance was taking a massive gamble. And really not on the same page as the ERG. Sympathy from the relatively affluent South East will be in short supply.
With respect Prime Minister - Nobody knows when you are telling the truth about #Brexit! #PeoplesVote
But... you know the Brexit *so sad* where are u from?
Me when #Brexiteers complain about #TheresaMay's #Brexit surrender
May is doing a good job to hinder brexit. It looks like a plot.
UK will be 'frozen out' of EU decisions on budgets, road signs and drinking water in months after Brexit
Personally I would rather shit down my own throat
UPDATE 1-Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
EU President Italian CATHOLIC Antonio Tajani. At the time of Brexit it was GERMAN CATHOLIC Martin Schulz. European Council President: Polish CATHOLIC Donald Tusk. President of the European Court of Justice Koen Lenaerts Belgium CATHOLIC JESUIT educated.
Campaign 'Heart and Soul': UK PM Calls on Britons to Support Her Brexit Deal
No. I'd rather back the legal action to void brexit.
Yet another reason why you should all live in Glasgow.
Does that silly woman really think we'll support her deal just because she'll "put her heart and soul" into it? Are we supposed to feel sorry for you dear? Everything you do is a betrayal. We didn't vote for a 52% #brexit we voted for a 100% #NoDeal #worstpminhistory
Pretty accurate tbh . . . .
After bigging up how great everything was. They didn’t try. They were weak. And this is why Brexit won’t happen. The people who most want it can’t do it.
Brexit ‘Right Deal’ and traitors of WWII (E255) RT — Sputnik Orbiting the World
[BBC] Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' |
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Save our Brexit – May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Save our Brexit – May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal: Last week, I signed an open letter organized by the anti-Brexit campaign group Women for a People's Vote. The letter asked Theresa May to give us a final say on the Brexit deal. I did this…
She s toast new leader in by Jan 19 happy days
Why Dover can handle a ‘no-deal’ Brexit - julianHjessop
This man has the patience of a saint. He has been saying this, quite regularly, for many months.
The Ladybird Story of Brexit got there first
No chance for Scotland, sadly...they will hold on to us forever unless we act...
As for Project Fear 1.0, this kind of claim is just going to make those making them appear ridiculous and untrustworthy
. is wasting her time appealing to the nation to back her #Brexit deal because she won’t give us a vote on it. #PeoplesVote
I am a remainer and life-long Labour voter... BUT WHAT ARE YOU ACTUALLY DOING ABOUT BREXIT?!!! I’ve never felt so under-represented.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Brexit or not, if we are so absurdly, staggeringly, idiotically strategically exposed to Europe we may have already sawn an arm off. I want this resolved whatever the outcome. This won’t do. It won’t do.
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal
You’re a fool. The People of Great Britain didn’t vote for this, we were fed a pack of lies and promised things that’s will never happen. Scrap Brexit is now the only option. Your Premiership is over, you may have the title. But you have lost the people and your government
Probably knew it was a poison chalice when she took the job. Brexit was doomed to frustrate everybody and satisfy nobody. Technically, no-one actually knows what a Brexit is. People have a picture in their head, trouble is, they’re all different pictures. Someone had to step up.
That's because we don't allow the Swiss on our trams without authorised paperwork #Brexit #TakingBackControl
Agree. More information coming available all the time to support that.
That sums up Brexit Betrayal Agreement
Otherwise known as living in London.
What a mess. I feel pity for you. Good intentions cannot solve an impossible situation. Let's be smart, and change EU from within. With carrot and stick to prod a few big partners and allow others to drop out, we can force a new EU to emerge, and be stronger, together. #brexit
Brexit. No thank you
It’s a conspiracy to thwart Brexit either that or she has severe mental health issues
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal. No thanks we want a #peoplesvote not this crap deal. Better in the EU!
Had to have a bit of an ironic chuckle this evening as tend to avoid the news as it's all about brexit and how our country is in crisis but turned it on this eve to see that the French are rioting and building barricades!
Hi Peter, I do help run a small company. 30 people in the city. Plus we have insurance companies in other jurisdictions, including Gibraltar. Brexit is a total nightmare for growing our Gibraltar operation, we lost a German deal due to Brexit, and don’t want 4 years transition
Hahaha OMG yet again the Mail selling their soul. Most Tory members and voters would be absolutely delighted to see the back of Hammond, Gauke, Clark and co. They are EVERYTHING that is wrong with the current Tory party. They are totally on the side of big business, not voters.
Boris Johnson: Theresa May's Brexit deal is like the Titanic - and there's an iceberg right ahead
Wait! What's this?
This deal is a disaster and must not be passed. No deal is now the only option and that must be the way forward regardless of the short term discomfort. #BREXIT is about the long term.
Well what is absolutely sure is try and focus on the pro #brexit crowd and you will be lucky to find anyone under the age of 50 and the vast majority will be 65+ ! All that tells you is that retired people have more time on their hands !
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Corbyn is actually quite main stream by continental standard. Except about brexit ironically
If we leave under Theresa May's abject roll over and die terms, as she focussed not on the deal but on selfishly clinging to power, this Punishment Brexit will be the UK's dreadful Treaty of Versailles.
4 years since 1st IndyRef a lot has changed since then many No voters &amp; EU citizens now would vote Yes Brexit farce changed many folks perceptions 1st IndyRef a No vote was seen as safer option now folks see Indy as safer option now &amp; many of silent majority speaking up 4 YES
Another Iranian Migrant Boat Arrives in Kent, England
Prim Minster, we could not have put it better ourselves...! Please, just...GO NOW...
I could pick holes in most things in that letter. Everything Brexit related at the moment makes me want to bang my head off the wall :/
As a change management professional I can co firm the 'just get on witj it' attitude is u the source of a billion disasters
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU via
couldernt happen soon enuf
Every one an upgrade. See also the Brexit Secretary, Education Secretary, Health Secretary, etc. etc. etc. #GetTheToriesOut #GeneralElectionNow
We need real public service broadcasters across the 'U'K to replace the British Brexit Corporation. The BBC sadly must have it's charter and funding removed, if you're not meeting or even working against your remit you only have yourselves to blame. Sorry
That would be a fantastic Christmas present.
Ireland owes Britain nothing so...
Oh yeah.
Hope the public wake up to this farce. The British pubic will be sold down the river for personal gain. The Uk negotiators are no better than their EU counterparts. DUPLICITOUS and SUBSERVIENT to Treason May and her EU Colleges. NO DEAL IS BETTER THAN SERVITUDE TO THE EU.
Why Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The U.K. via
Tories fight to hide source of DUP cash that paid for Brexit adverts #Remain #SaveKevin
With you all the way , see you at the Leave Demo outside Parliament on the 9 Dec .... Join Ukip for Brexit .
Send Teresa May several crates of haggis (I assume she dislikes it, unfairly) to revoke Brexit, and I'll help you drag everyone back.
What is this 'months after Brexit"? Isn't it immediately?
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
Please do not send to me as I am not interested in you prevarication.
Why would Ireland come to the help of England - they voted Brexit, deal with it!
Is it weird cos it's got nothing at all to do with Brexit?
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May’s Brexit ‘letter to the nation’
I think it's about time the bikers. Trucks. Vans and cars should protest against the brexit deal may is giving Do and block every road in the country.
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Unfortunately you were one of the misinformed brexit voters. That was the entire plan all along and intention of most voters. She had to deliver that and more fool you for voting to leave.
Consolidation of the far-right. All goose stepping in the same direction to fight the "Brexit betrayal". Sieg heil v no pasaran on Dec 9th. History repeating.
Brexit vote will be honoured, says Diane Abbott
Mail on Sunday As part of its 'charm offensive'.No 10's chief of staff Gavin Barwell has been giving 'pep talks' to Ministers.He is understood to have compared Brexit negotiations to a football match in which 'we are one-nil down in the 1st half but we'll win in the second half'
This is not Brexit, you've deceived the electorate. #Toryfibber
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
UK - Philip Hammond 'will quit the Cabinet and take five ministers with him if Theresa May tries for a No Deal Brexit' via
#Brexit solves nothing - we are reducing ourselves. The referendum as parliament enacted it was not binding - that was decided subsequently. That makes #Brexit deeply undemocratic and unconstitutional. Our democracy, our politcal culture IS in deep shit and it's not EU's fault.
I am in no way surprised to see failing to recognise a head of state fulfilling his responsibilities to his people.
I'm guilty of it too. No matter how much we despair of Corbyn, many of us still cling to the hope that he will somehow wake up and lead the anti-Brexit charge. Never gonna happen.
and Brexit CanBrit wolf tribes. Please so sorry I apologize I did not expect them. Prince Charles--These were the nonvoters New Age ones now they care. Their interest&amp;A.I. controlling like junk Trojan bitcoin expectations.
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' +1 UKBot #UK #news
The first referendum was an instruction from the people to explore the possibility of Brexit. Now we are fully aware of the consequences and terms it is vital to gain approval from the people for the biggest decision in a generation.
Theresa May’s Brexit plan ‘pitiful’, PM’s coalition partners say
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Italy may destroy EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row
Not if we leave without a deal. Then we can keep 100% of our sovereignty and the Enemy in the form of the EU will be insolvent. Win win!
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal -
Labour opposes government consistently on everything except on #Brexit. On that subject they stay quiet, sit back, let it play out - despite the fact that in every area that they do show some opposition, Brexit will make worse.
For Christ's sake whit is happening here?
You're not delivering the Brexit that was promised or that people voted for, if you cannot bring yourself to see the UK leave the EU with no ties or strings attached, then drop your ignorant pride and let someone else do the job you're incapable of performing.
Theresa's "pubic" plea? Urgghh #Brexit
Why a 'sunset clause' could restore the near total collapse of trust in the Brexit process
"Put aside the labels of "Leave" and "Remain"... by getting on with Brexit." Yeah. Sure. Very logical. Put aside the labels of "perpetrator" and "victim" by just whacking me in the balls with a shovel.
Bit like the police knocking feral youths off their mopeds; would probably engender massive public support.
No. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
High court may rule Brexit void by Christmas.
she's lost the Country. She's only got the Remaining MSM.
THANK YOU!!!!!!! We can stop fucking around and get to the bottom of this bullshit of Brexit and Trump!
Dear Mrs May, the UK is a democracy your Goverment was elected on a promise and despite the best efforts to persuade the voters to remain they voted Leave... exactly what is not clear?
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
#Brexit: #Spain wants say on future of Gibraltar
We need Maggie not weak May. #Brexit #Gibraltar #Falklands
Under May a true Brexit won't happen . We'll continue to have freedom of movement but she'll give it a different title and we will be £40bn worse off for zero in return.
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers.Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU.Job done.
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' : November 24, 2018 at 11:33PM via mikejulietbravo
PM, Letter sounds great BUT 1. How can you say “strike new trade deals” when we cannot diverge regulations from EU 2. How can you say take back control of our laws when ECJ is the highest court of arbitration and now we have no say. This is true vassalage #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
Clinging on like a dog yet Corbyn still cant drop her. Lazy useless and a brexit collaborator
Stripping us of our individual rights of entry, settlement and work in EU countries is one of the worst aspects of Brexit. We, our children and grandchildren will be directly affected far into the future. shld. not have given in to May on citizen's rights.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
I’m sorry for people who voted remain but I really hope #Brexit will bring lot of economic problems to your country. Experience, is the only way to teach people not to fall in love with populists like Farage and their wrong choices. Good luck.
Underfunding the NHS? Oppose the government! #Brexit compromising patient safety by turning away Doctors and Nurses, complicating medical supply, opening the door to privatisation - awkward silence.
If Labour would have backed a budget at Westminster to make railway nationalization possible in Scotland, then it wouldn't have been a problem. But brexit doesn't offer Scotland any special deals. Just special deals for everyone other than Scotland.
Probably the only way he'll stand a chance of getting well paid, prosperous work. As the UK economy shrinks from Brexit, mass, economic migration will occur. Those who speak another tongue will find it easier.
Then on to London before being appointed the new Brexit Secretary
What after the threats and bullying from the French over Brexit. No chance.
Can we get #NoelEdmunds to sort out #Brexit Deal or No Deal he would know what to do...
Theresa May heads to Brussels as Spain threatens #Brexit deal
The stupidity and ignorance is breathtaking. We were a joke in Europe because we elected these utter cretins as MEPs. Not a braincell or flake of integrity between them.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
This is ridiculous, I told myself I wonder how much damage can Theresa May cause while I'm on a 12hr shift ... Well she's about to give Gibraltar away !!!!! #Brexit #Gibraltar #southsea #BBCqt #bbcnews
Argentina would like to have the Falklands back. #Farage did not metion that either in his master plans for #Brexit. Taking back control has backfired now.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal. “Not a flaming chance”
she will be campaiging with all her heart and soul. she doesnt need to campaign, campaiging was done 2 and half years ago, then the vote happened. we do not want EU and we reject Merkels Compact Agreement on mass migration. #NationStateNotNannyState #SovereigntyIsAMust #Brexit
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor
They said leave lied about the possibility of giving money to the NHS, now this BS says the same... this is not Brexit, this is a stupid woman who never believed in leaving and would still vote REMAIN. MAY STFU, resign already. #LEAVEMEANSLEAVE
Cutting back on social spending? Oppose! #Brexit meaning there will even less money to spend on any social care, despite more people being out of work due to job losses and higher food costs - shuffling of feet.
associated-press|Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms|
google-news|May Appeals to Voters as Gibraltar Spat Drags on: Brexit Update|
And any #tory #mp supporting #brexit should be stood in dock next to him for aiding and abetting #rugby
Aren’t they silly billies? If they derail Tzer’s Brexit, the chances are we’ll remain without even having to go through a #PeoplesVoteNow an me, th stroppy remoaner will be very content.
As one of your constituents, please can you think long and hard about which way you vote on Brexit agreement. For my children &amp; yours. Thank you.
independent|Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation|
Well this would turn chaos into the realms of surrealism.
independent|How Europe became the funeral pyre for Tory leaders|
Nah I don’t need water to survive
But it is another reason why Brexit is folly. It puts at risk Northern Ireland, the union with Scotland, and now the loyal people of Gibraltar feel threatened. All this for a deal far worse than what we have now. We need a People’s vote to stop this madness.
It’s nonsense. Technology can avoid a hard border. The EU cannot afford a chaotic Brexit. #WTOExit #SmartBorders2 #NoDeal
reuters|Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation|
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' By BBC News Staff Image caption The Mail on Sunday leads with Theresa May's direct plea to the British public to...
reuters|Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal|
This is our friends and they are resting on work we did on our case. We are thankful to you all for your support and we wish this potential solution to our deepening national crisis well:
This is the level of transparency and honesty we should expect from MPs.
Austerity? Oppose! #Brexit austerity will make the last 10 years of austerity look like boom times - sucking of teeth desperately trying not to make eye contact.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #PeoplesVoteNow #StopBrexit #marr #bbcsp #Ridge #MayMustGo
Brexiters accuse May of Gibraltar betrayal ‘under cover of darkness’ #Brexit
Fair polices after his brexit when the country is bankrupt?
These were the implied probabilities for the previous of week of Nov 12.
So if the French ports went on strike for a few weeks is the government saying we’d all run out of water. That sounds like a MASSIVE risk to have taken with the public all these years. I call utter bullshit! #Brexit
To give you an example. I said that there were warm words in the HoL debates in1921 (did you read them?) but you respond by saying the UK never having warm words about Irish people, and about Brexit. From a specific comment you bring in history.
We are watching brexit crash into a wall and burst into flames, the English have to make a choice between going out on their own alone or keeping their union
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' Many of Sunday
Dear , NO! Sincerely, The Public. #StopBrexit #StopBrexitNow #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
I want to stop #Brexit so we can start fixing what is really wrong: child poverty; homelessness; working poor; disabled poor; left behind communities; under-funded social care, etc, etc
Joint sovereignty - Brexit, the gift that keeps taking away.
Weakening workers rights? Oppose! #Brexit allowing Ministers to build a bonfire of those rights - desperate checking of phones praying that someone will call.
Brexit as promised to us two years ago is undeliverable as it is a mass of contradictions. Her mistake was trying to appease those who want all the benefits of EU membership with none of the obligations.
Wasting her time - the people know she is lyit.
BBC News - Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
All of which the voters knew and they still voted for Brexit.
NO 2 BREXIT. Five Weeks Old This Day.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #PeoplesVoteNow #StopBrexit #marr #bbcsp #Ridge #MayMustGo
Why do politicians always concentrate on the effect, while totally ignoring their responsibility to fix the cause? #Brexit
A week after a no deal Brexit and not only will everyone with insulin dependent diabetes be dead, no food on the island - not even a single mars bar but now we won’t even have drinkable water. The horror READ ALL ABOUT IT. Wouldn't wrap chips in it.
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP An honest letter from an admirable Politician.
BORIS-THE-BIGOT-BOMBASTIC Gobshite!_Britain on verge of historic blunder, warns Johnson at DUP conference
Gove nor IDS does not represent Brexit just like Tony Blair, John Major et al do not represent Remain. There were idiots on both sides but 16.1 more on yours who voted to stay in &amp; be governed by a foreign entity rather than be independent &amp; free.
I'm cheering them on, along with Ireland Arlene. They could bury brexit
Just LeaveEu and go WTO 80% of the World trades on it and you can strike deals YOU WANT .
Similarly, Gibraltar – a British Overseas Territory which also had a vote in the EU referendum and strongly chose Remain – also saw their objections to Brexit ignored.
Not selling to the Irish...we have our own waters.... Oops Brexit. ...the gift that keeps taking away from our former colonial masters. Happy days Brexs1ht
Assumes literally no deal: under WTO we can assume agreements over customs facilitation, mutual recognition for pharma, overflying rights etc. Embarrassed for Harry that he feels it necessary to relay this stuff uncritically. Geordie Greig clearly asserting himself already
This is why referendums are a bad idea.
#Brexiters accuse #May of #Gibraltar betrayal ‘under cover of darkness’
Why the fuck does someone in Australia care about Brexit? A badly informed person at that.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Stiop Brexit: We are are all born equal, no one is worth more than another just because of accident of birth. Only by our actions &amp; aspirations do we differ. I want the chance to be part of a greater and better whole, our EU, not restricted to one little island.
independent|Brexit: Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch EU summit|
It would be interesting to see May's draft plan get passed by the parliament though. #Brexit
reuters|Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit|
Sounds like a brilliant deal!
Yes. Let’s vote on a hard or soft #Brexit. No option to Remain or have a #peoplesvote.
the-economist|The truth about a no-deal Brexit|
That's a good idea. I'm up for it.
I &amp; 9 fam&amp;friends coming.Does anyone think it’d b supportive if ppl who can’t get 2 London cd do ‘Go Slows’ on motorways, near ports etc in support?
The woman who TOTALLY refused to enter the General Election television leaders debate now wants a head-to-head with Mr Corbyn to thrash out the calamitous Brexit #stickitupyouarse
Brexit latest news: Britain accused of caving in over Gibraltar - live updates via
Kindly fuck off. I will never ever get behind such a blatant attack on the livelihoods of normal, hard-working people. Brexit in any form favours only the rich elite that buy their power. You know this, yet you turn a blind eye to it and will end up on the wrong side of history.
The benefits of a no deal.
If this is true then your prediction of them only having fish left doesn't hold up. They have nothing.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal &lt; Fat Chance - Brexit is the biggest load of shite the UK politicians have given us. It needs stopping right now,
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' -
Weakening human rights? Oppose! #Brexit fucking with the basic fucking human rights of not only UK citizens living in the EU but also EU citizens that made their homes here, work with us, teach us, look after our old and sick, have children who play with our children - silence.
Gibraltar, N. Ireland, Falklands... all disposable to preserve the mindless pride of a brexit psychopath
Vote buying - didn't the Conservatives learn their lesson with Shirley Porter?
Mrs. May you was always a remainer. I cannot back your plan because you have no vision for Brexit and you lack the heart for it too. Shame really, I always liked you and sense of shoe fashion. #Brexit to me meant a clean break. I don't want a clean break with T&amp;Cs Have faith
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Err just my normal tweets. maybe add more moaning about Brexit, trains and Meghan Markle. etc. Plus its jam then cream on scones
So hang on a minute - Brexit doesn’t mean Brexit after all?
The only "Real Brexit" is a "No Deal Brexit" and nothing else
Which is exactly why 's careful approach to #Brexit, respecting the referendum result whilst defending the interests of future generations deserves support. Sadly, has been busy trashing it for months.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
Sorry jamie but we have had two . gave the nation an opportunity to guarantee another #brexit vote and they choose two #Brexit supporting parties. No more votes.
If you haven’t read our interview with yet, the clock is ticking as both Christmas and Brexit are coming to take your eyes away. Enjoy your eyes and stare at Twitter some more
Apart from some things are not worth giving your heart away or selling your soul for. I wish I could pity you Prime Minister, but I don't even feel that anymore.
“The UK basically jumped into the ocean blindfold, and started paddling round in circles. It was almost like it expected the EU not just to say what Brexit should look like, but to devise a version of it that would suit Britain.” This is the literal truth.
I wonder if a real #Brexit might be occurring if the British government feared its people
The deal, the whole deal, and nothing but the deal is EU Defence Union. This is the key to understanding the EU’s and Tories’ version of “leaving” the EU — Brexit.
And Ireland's meant to clean up our catastrophic mess why exactly?
it is fucking insane that we're still doing this. what the fuck
Orwellian #doublethink from There is no chance of any #Brexit politicians uniting the whole country behind them. Watching with interest the planned private prosecution of for Misconduct In Public Office
Boris arrives at DUP conference as he prepares to savage Brexit deal
Good
Even if we wanted to get overseas workers in post-Brexit the earnings threshold make this really difficult
It's a pack of lies - direct lies and lies by omission.
Simplistic rhetoric without addressing any problems, a world where Brexit is a word without meaning.
The EU’s remaining 27 member states will have a greater say and vote on the final Brexit deal than the devolved areas of the UK and the overseas territory of Gibraltar. Even the European Parliament will have a greater say on Brexit than our Tory government wants to give our own.
Steve, have you read this?
integrity of mortgage brokers is worse than car salesman #Victoria #Gaza #WTO #NYC #Yemen #May #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine #trade #finance #science #tech #Trump #Afghanistan
So the remainer has given away £39bn of our money for nothing ceding sovereignty to the EU in perpetuity. Perhaps #Brexit would have been better negotiated by someone who actually believed in it. We will be exiting the EU in 125 days. Time now to prepare for WTO.
“With Brexit settled, we will be able to focus our energies on the many other important issues facing us here at home” - imagine if, for the last two years, our energies would have been focused on these in the first place, and not wasted on Brexit...
Did Spain veto Theresa May’s Brexit deal and what does this mean for the UK?
Thanks #StopBrexit
. may not have negotiated a good deal with the EU but she managed to unite both #Remainers and #Brexit supporters in rage. Just read the comments under the Prime Minister's letter to the UK.
Theresa, I can respect that you’ve tried to find a position that brings the country together. It will never work. Those of us who understand economics, world trade &amp; FOM will not allow the country to be wrecked by small-minded racists. Sorry to be a pain.
doesn’t seem to be fighting anymore. Not just my view, many people are saying the same. Yes we can protest but the elite are in charge. People power must unite to ensure we achieve the Brexit we voted for. I personally will not give up &amp; will carry on fighting.
Yes, they could also have splashed "Brexit, brought to you by Russia" on the side of one of the buses.
Something to do with a surfeit of lampreys or maybe because he was excommunicated for several years and no one in his realm could receive the sacraments, get buried, married and so on. Things must have piled up. 13th Cent hard Brexit.
integrity of mortgage brokers is worse than car salesman , #Victoria #Gaza #WTO #NYC #Yemen #May #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine #trade #finance #science #tech #Trump #Afghanistan
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
Wants the nation to back her but won’t give us a vote? How’s that work? #stopbrexit
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
BREXIT UPDATE
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Incorrect. Brexit is absolutely deliverable, only by those who actually want it to go ahead and not be hand strung by those who want the whole thing reversed. Her deal will (rightly) be voted down. Thankfully the legal default position after that will be no deal
If you’re an Editor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
My initial Tweet was to your assertion that we won the referendum. That is true. But we have not got Brexit. So who has won?
Interesting how many Remainers seem outraged about Britain's colonial territories, that were seized by Empire and war, might end up being returned - a good result from #Brexit, if anything. #Imperialism
Havisham your cake and eat it.
Another !
Brexit is here to stay. Big EGOs in the game can't see it unwinding
Actually it makes sense in the current political era. Hopefully #Brexit will eventually mean we surpass our current two party stalemate.
She does it because she knows that her party is toning to let her get away with it, because none of them has the bollocks to stand up to her.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
The only time it's allowable to mention Christmas in November
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Good
Latest News: Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' Many of Sunday newspapers focus on Brexit and in particular Theresa May's direct plea to the public. 2018-11-24 23:33:42Z
Here's why the tiny peninsula of Gibraltar is having an outsized effect on Brexit | CBC Radio
Congratulating themselves watching the Tories tear themselves apart while driving the country off a cliff positively giddy in anticipation of seizing power when people wake up to the catastrofuckery #Brexit will unleash on us *all* is shameful. Absolutely shameful.
Watch out #Brexit researchers, here she comes! CMR’s dr Agnieszka Radziwinowiczówna has just become a Marie Curie Researcher at the University of Wolverhampton We’ll miss her in Warsaw
#BBC = Brussels Broadcasting Corporation. #Brexit... hopefully that illusion created on the back of a fag packet is dead on arrival...
Totally over all this brexit shite
time to step up and take your seats in Westminster to offset the DUP #bullying #Brexit
any chance of an rt of got agree al Murray potential mp?
If you think 29 March is the end of Remain/Leave, you are very much mistake. If Brexit happens, we fight to rejoin. But for now, we fight to #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #stopbrexitnow
Louise, why do you support Brexit?
please don’t vote for Mrs.May’s deal.
This is the kind of problem that, even if it can be managed, would cause utter chaos if people believed it was a real risk.
Dear Mr Brain Damage, Brexit will impact the UK like losing a war. Is that what you still want? Tax dodgers, racists and Putin all think Brexit is a good idea. Scientists, business, professionals and experts all think it is a shit idea. Pick a team.
I’m going to hire Adonis (for free) to write headlines. I’ll smash out the 250 words that follow.
Excellent! No deal, the only ‘deal’ that actually delivers the real meaningful Brexit we voted for now gats even more attractive ... if that’s possible!
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation -
Bye Tzer, I wish I could say it’s been nice, but there you go.
Why 27 united were always going to get what they wanted over 1 divided... By me: So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
FFS it is absolutely hilarious this garbage coming from the Remain supporting Mail.
Chris Matheson, also criticised the move, saying it would be a “spectacular act of desperation for Theresa May to be giving away knighthoods in a bid to win votes for her botched Brexit deal”.
Petrolio: To be or not to be.Talking about Brexit. Now on RAI 1
Unreal!
Both you FBPE and Corbynistas are just as bad as each other. You FBPE only care that Corbyn isn't opposing Brexit. You are silent on the rest of his shortcomings.
As May releases her gimcrack video of utopian Britsin after Brexit, here's a reality check for : One in 200 people now homeless in Britain - CNN
Failure to back May could have catastrophic consequences but Brexit will have no abrupt damaging effects on economy&amp;society. Way to go David Lidington
I know fewer Leavers and Remainers than I would like, but Brexit Derangement Syndrome is a potent theme.
Philip Hammond 'will quit and take five ministers if May gets No Deal'. This is why May has ‘downgraded’ her warnings about crashing out of the bloc with no deal and now tells MPs there could be no Brexit at all if they reject the withdrawal agreement
If globalism is such a wonderful thing, why does #Brexit exist?
Bring Mervyn King back. Restore some respect and confidence to BoE's battered reputation after Carney.
What if May is for hard Brexit and she has been fooling EU all along in believing U.K. wants a deal. She wants a deal that the UK can reject
I think the insurance certificate might have problems too! #PeoplesVote #FBPE
No loss. Hammond has been an obstacle to brexit since day one and just this week is still peddling his project fear.
Strictly compared to Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder -
A Star Wars Clickbait article based on Boris Johnson's speech at DUP conference about Brexit may be the most 2018 thing possible.
Success of Brexit ????? is this nutter the DUP version of Bez from happy Monday’s
I just posted "UK - Philip Hammond 'will quit the Cabinet and take five ministers with him if Theresa May tries for a No Deal Brexit'" on Reddit
It seems that Number 10 have managed to get Murdoch on side.
I just posted "UK - Philip Hammond 'will quit the Cabinet and take five ministers with him if Theresa May tries for a No Deal Brexit'" on Reddit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
And please don't take away my EU citizenship and end my right to free movement - the removal *by my own government* of rights which will have a profound effect on my employment and residence - and ask me to get behind brexit. You're doing this without my or Scotland's consent.
Well thats a good point, but I don't even understand where we are with this lot anymore, its so all over the shop Paul, check this out High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
I will always been so proud of Britain and I find it deeply humiliating that the rest of the world now feels pity if not contempt for our once great nation laid low by this Brexit insanity. It doesn’t have to be this way. Within the EU we are influential -outside it we are week.
Theresa May writes a letter to the nation setting out her intention to make the UK's exit from the EU work for both Leave and Remain supporters.
Ireland owe us nothing, if you believe otherwise you are very ignorant of the issues, UKGov alone are responsible for this BS brexit propaganda. Time to #StopBrexit
Here's why the tiny peninsula of Gibraltar is having an outsized effect on Brexit | CBC Radio
Another one who has drunk deep of the Brexit kool-aid. But also, without Brexit and Brexiters Banks and Ashcroft etc, where would she be, and she needs to keep cranking out their ££ BrexitBooks. #BadBoysofBrexit
I'm in despair at May's potential deal. If that gets passed then Brexit is basically finished. It is the worst deal I could think of.
Well we never saw that on the side of a bus: No deal Brexit = no clean drinking water (chemicals needed for water treatment are imported just in time; can’t be stockpiled)
You can't be half pregnant. Brexit is Brexit. Where have I heard that before? Anyway, anything that doesn't look like we are leaving is disastrous. As you will find out at the next GE, if not before.
The EU is the most corrupt entity in Europe, we don’t even elect anyone into its governing body. Now macron says they should have an army. Brexit will be difficult but it’ll be the best for the future.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal - May writes open letter to U.K.
Does this mean Brexit will be overturned, since FB misinformation was used to massage voters into voting for Leave?
Or are you just the small minority left supporting Brexit that fall into the racist group?
This is MAJOR. Still a chance that Brexit gets cancelled by default...
Spot on...re #Brexit there's no middle way; no compromise. It's always been a bad version of leave, an even worse version of this #BrexitShambles vs. #StopBrexit &amp; #Remain in Control. May's awful Blind Brexit Fudge must be rejected &amp; a #PeoplesVote given
CAN IT BE????BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
How many reasons do you need why a Brexit deal is bad for Britain. ? Stop pretending, grow a set, and be an opposition, and stop using our futures as a political tool, we are not for sale.
Excellent, never liked the look of you, you don't look trust worthy. You certainly failed to live up to your promises regarding the Brexit deal. Now let's cancel Brexit, it was all of big fat lie.
It doesn’t matter! We’ll all be #brexit
So she thinks we might believe the same old lies if she writes them down. By the way, all of us realise it wasn't her job first and foremost to negotiate a Brexit deal, but to take us out of the EU. She is using the pretense of a "deal" to keep us in.
I think Mrs May has made a big mistake taking an approach to Brexit which pleases no one! Would no leave be better than this?
Government responded This response was given on 1 October 2018 Whilst striking a deal with our EU partners remains the outcome we expect, ‘no deal’ plans are well-developed and we stand ready to make a success of Brexit, whatever the outcome of our negotiations.
The 27 EU member states are set to publish a further statement in solidarity with Spain at the summit, according to a leaked document seen by the Guardian.
It won’t work. Make sure it isn’t a labour Brexit guys
#Brexit is teaching Britain its true place in the world via
I think you should know that the rebels have obtained copies of the brexit plans.. And we have found a critical flaw in it's design...
Who do you think cares what you think Donald. You don’t even understand the issues
Britain is on the verge of historic Brexit blunder, warns country’s former foreign secretary Boris Johnson at DUP conference : | #TOTCHE
Amazing how many people still think a #brexit to suit their personal preference is still on the agenda.
it is intelligent to look at the intelligence #Victoria #Gaza #NYC #Yemen #TheresaMay #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine #trade #finance #science #tech #Trump #Afghanistan
more codswallop by any chance?
Deluded drivel. This is a deal which is positive in only your mind; nobody else's. It's a blind-Brexit, which ultimately threatens the Irish border, Gibraltar, industry &amp; the hopes of a generation - my child &amp; many others. You are a deluded fool.
Brexit deal impact on Britain's property market explained
Brexit Road.
Brexit Newest: Sterling (GBP) Remains Vulnerable to Deal Backlash Sterling, Brexit and US dollar: Sterling unlikely to move ahead of this weekend’s EU27 leaders meeting. Proposed political declaration will not get through the House of Commons. We hav…
Business as usual post-Trump. Correct, we're all going to be fucked soon. Here in UK same deep state globalist cabal are about to cheat us out of the biggest democratic vote in history - Brexit. They always win. Trump knows this.
Weapons of mass distraction
I tell you what, if the Brexit vote is declared void, I'll go back to my old office for five minutes just to gloat
Yes Boris this is why May has to be stopped as will not happen unless the outcome of a civil war dictates so, if the Brexiters within the gov are unable to prevent happening its hard to see 17.4 million voters rolling over! May will have to bear the consequences of her lies!
This is making me so angry I don't ever want to see a conservative banner anywhere and if any one out there openly says they will vote for a Tory government well I hope somewhere down the line when your down don't expect help #southsea #Brexit #Gibraltar
it is intelligent to look at the intelligence #Victoria #Gaza #NYC #Yemen #TheresaMay #Brexit #Assange #Israel #MiddleEast #American #London #Melania #Russia #UK #NATO #China #Europe #USA #US #Auspol #Syria #Palestine #trade #finance #science #tech #Trump #Afghanistan
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Tim Walker Historians will see Brexit as a madcap Russian-backed coup attempt run by a group of nasty rich old men who couldn’t be arsed to plan for it
The only letter we want to read is that of your resignation! Duplicitous traitor. #MayMustGo #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
As much as I hate Tony Blair's decision to take us to a war the people never wanted, and the obvious hypocrisy that poses as he spells out the lack of popularity Brexit has, this is a positive step.
Good.
I preferred we stay in but there was a vote and a deal as to be put in place to leave but we all gonna suffer either way because this is a May’s brexit deal
Your no bloody leader nothing else but a deluded control freak megalomaniac dictator. No remit in discussions over Brexit. Just an psychologically obsessed egotistical trumped up councillor and failed lawyer.
says she's Irish but this pro-#Brexit cow clearly has zero interest on the impact on #Ireland of her views! Ella f*CK off with your claim to Irish roots!
Yes a vote on whether to have a hard #Brexit or a soft #Brexit. We wouldn’t have a #Remain option or the so called #peoplesvote.
Ha ha great idea and I would prefer a people's vote no questions. No brexit is a dream I cling/death grip onto though
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of #Brexit summit
Knew #DUP and #ArleneFoster would not accept #Brexit deal which is #BrexitChaos #BrexitBetrayal But what happened to these letters of #Tory #MP's all supposed to be in by last Friday?
Bummer!! Oh well... Perhaps this will help somewhat:
That ain't brexit. That's remain with a worse deal. Get a PM who can do the job. The people HATE you.
As brexit as it gets. True patriot
The true cost of Brexit.
Thank you Darren for your thought provoking "terrifying takes". Hope Remainers are taking note. Brexit now.
No it isn't. No Brexit is. Force it.
Let him go
If nothing else getting rid of May would make us less of a laughingstock
BoJo only now cottoning on to use doomed #Titanic as excellent metaphor for #Brexit. His "recreational watercraft" comment is apt. Only the case for those passengers in tuxedos &amp; ballgowns with privileged access to lifeboats. Not the majority below deck in steerage who drowned.
No!I &amp; many others are rejoining now YOU destroyed it. Batten has done a fantastic job
You’ve stood with racists, xenophobes and halfwits to destroy our economy and geopolitical influence and take away my rights as an EU citizen. I f***ing despise you and every stupid b*****d who support #Brexit.
How much of dirty politics you are going to play with people who gave you so much respect &amp; put you on the biggest job in British Politics. Very upset that you turned out to be the untrustworthy politician of U.K. You still have time to walk away &amp; get WTO Brexit.
BBC lost any credibility in Scotland after 2014. Bias shown was shocking and downright blatant. Perhaps explains the brexit result up here...even if we were still watching them (,many gave up their licenses) we didn't believe a word of what they were peddling.
Not quite. has consistently argued that democracy didn't stop at referendum &amp; people's will doesn't support #brexit now we know what it looks like. #ClimateBreakdown requires us to pull together
Out of this, all i can just figure out is hates immigrants. God! She is ready to put the country at stake for the sake of poor immigrants. #Brexit
Honestly, how can you proceed Brexit when it was a complete manipulation of the UK citizens from start to finish. Everyone involved at Cambridge Analytica &amp; Facebook should be jailed.
Much is rightly made of Gibraltar’s massive Remain vote. I haven’t heard anything about it being a REALLY STRATEGIC PIECE OF REAL ESTATE for any sea power wanting to control the Med.
Voters #Voters EU #EU Brexit #Brexit fighting #fighting #Politics May Appeals to Voters as Gibraltar Spat Drags on: Brexit Update via
Looking after your job . We want Brexit , we don’t want to be shackled to the EU indefinitely. Get on with it .
BoJo only now cottoning on to use doomed #Titanic as excellent metaphor for #Brexit. His "recreational watercraft" comment is apt. Only the case for those passengers in tuxedos &amp; ballgowns with privileged access to lifeboats. Not the majority below deck in steerage who drowned.
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit #sky #news
BREXIT WHAT BREXIT. What is happening in Brexit Britain? Will there be a MAY-DEAL Brexit or a NO-DEAL Brexit, or a CANCELLED Brexit? Read our views on different types of scenarios with Brexit on Myfun-page.
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms -
Resign! We want Full #Brexit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
“Success!”
A fun read. For the UK I'd throw in a Brexit Battlefield between Libertarian/Nationalist Alliance and the New Left.
Hi It is time to call a halt. #Brexit Theresa May pens open letter imploring public to back Brexit deal
I want Remain off the table, I want manufacturing jobs protected, no Irish border. I want the UK family to stay together and a Hard Brexit makes that harder because it strengthens the SNP's hand.
Good luck!
We have a plan b. ITS A NEW BREXITEER PM with a managed NO DEAL. Leave. No monies to be handed over WTO easy #brexit
It doesn’t matter we’ll all be ok #brexit
I thought this was a hoax but apparently not!
It's at the same time when you're all having the tea
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Now she's REALLY scraping the barrel.
Purposeful leaks from government now, claiming we would run out of clean drinking water if we have a No Deal Brexit. Pathetic. Cannot wait to see the back of this lot.
Your first paragraph is at odds with itself: “The United Kingdom had just voted to leave the European Union...” The United Kingdom did not vote for you to negotiate “a good Brexit deal with the EU” as you state, it “voted to leave the European Union” unconditionally. Resign.
Hadn't come across the word before, but "moronicity"....applies to Brexit and the UK Government.
Theresa May NEEDS to be REMOVED from her position for TREASONOUS ACTS against BRITAIN and the BRITISH people!!!
"The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether #Brexit should be declared “void”" . #PeoplesVote #nhs #Farage #BBC #NickRobinson #AFNeil #Marr #Boris #BorisJohnson #PoliticsLive #BBCR4today #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
After Brexit, you won't be able to: Leave Britain Date non-British people Have sex with non-British people Buy a cheap house in the South of France to retire to Breathe air that isn't within our borders Do Brexiteers understand what they've done?! We need a People's Vote now!
What will it be like after Brexit?
Agreed that there’s no change in substance for a post-Brexit Gibraltar. But the Government’s statement does provide an unwelcome reminder that an inevitable consequence of Brexit is that Gibraltar will be sold out.
No. Not even slightly. Democracy did not end the day after the referendum and your attitude towards that fact has been nothing short of disgraceful. What would be "acting in the national interest" would be dropping Brexit entirely.
Now if they'd only do the same with the Brexit crew...
I take very seriously indeed, as the worst Prime Minister in the entire history of the #UK. She has wilfully dragged the country towards utter catastrophe. The damage she has caused to our country will take generations to repair.
He is arguing for the Govt to make good it’s manifest promise to deliver Brexit, not the treacherous deal that fraudster has concocted with her side kick Robbins
May under pressure from #fishing communities over #Brexit deal – ‘She's an #idiot or a #liar' GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT!
That was always going to happen the fight for a TRUE Brexit is Now .
Dear Mrs May, Thanks for your letter. Kindly go fu.... #Brexit #may
The idea that we will be poisoned by the water from our taps is utter nonsense. Everyone knows that post brexit desertification will result in our resoviors running dry within hours, so there will be no tap water.
in yet more fucking ridiculous Brexit news, my Swedish sister in law, a Dr and resident for 20 years, mother of 3 kids now has a letter to say she can stay. woo fucking hoo. Fuck Brexit, fuck all those pigs who voted for it and are still pushing for it.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
In fact, what bothers me is not this Cataluña issue. It's seeing how the people can get so narrow minded and believe fake thing by heart, without doubting for a single second. Be it Trump, Brexit.. You also forget that, in votes, more than half the catalan people are against thos
Chris Riddell has May as Miss Havisham in his latest Gruniard cartoon
It’s shameful- I’m so sorry for your situation/ we must stop brexit
Fair enough, but still only four Brexit secretaries to Christmas.
Please don’t get my hopes up like this,
The Dems would be crazy (or wimpy) not to raise a US do-over if #Brexit gets a redo - Russian interference and the same web of international dark money influenced both.
Do it Sir! #Brexit
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
We remain a sovereign nation. Chris, I don't know if I ever showed you this, my 2016 piece, but Russian hackers hit Parliament's petition website over Brexit. I actually went to 8 chan and screenshot their live 'code window' as it was scrolling
It's a pack of lies. She wants to neuter this country and ensure it can never make its own trade deals. She has betrayed Brexit.
It’s not #Brexit it’s a lying sellout &amp; shame on you for letting down the leave vote.
The people I work with that voted Brexit (and theres many of them) haven't changed their minds yet, unfortunately.
Tonight I did a show that gave a history of Thanksgiving with the fabulous , did singalongs with the amazing , make pelvic floor jokes AND mentioned (briefly) Brexit. WHAT A TREAT!!!!! Plus the most glorious cocktails, all in the Brunel Shaft!
Theresa May(rde) says that on 29 March, when she "honours" the referendum result by throwing UK in the bin, there won't be Remainers or Brexiters anymore. Is she right? Will Brexit magically unite Britain?
The excellent #Beck has ended, and next week we are getting...an AMERICAN series. BBC4 has been a haven for wonderful subtitled European crime drama/thrillers. I can only presume that is weaning us off our addiction to European drama in readiness for #Brexit.
May begs the public: unite behind me on #Brexit deal: - May begs the public: unite behind me on… #News #Politics
#BreakingNews! On the eve of tomorrow's summit, #TheresaMay has offered the #IsleofWight to the #EU as a gesture of goodwill. #Banter #MayMustGo #ChuckMay #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit
a little bit of a dress-down for FB in Canada, but which country will be next? &gt;
these headlines can't be true.... ?
Stuck Brexit means Low-energy Brexit
your party chose to take a red line stance over an industry that is marginal in Scottish gdp terms which seems like a poor political judgement. Nevertheless that’s what you’ve chosen to do. The impact of Brexit on the rest of the economy is far more damaging
There is one IMPORTANT lesson to be learned from #Brexit: any country wishing to leave EU must BE PREPARED to exit the bloc WITHOUT A DEAL or else things will end badly for you!
It has gone on WAY too long. Everytime I hear #Brexit now it's driving me up the wall
A shortage of European workers after #brexit could lead to shutdowns for some rigs #OOTT
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
Bordering on Blunderbuss BorisMoggers!! Ha-ha_Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
The French know how to protest, if only the British had their passion when it comes to Brexit. Not I voted Remain but I’m bored now so ‘just get on with it.’
‘Boris Johnson: If we sign May’s backstop, The British Government will be powerless to end the “barbaric” practise of live animal transport - that sees terrified calves trapped in the...
Here's a question why would Ireland do England any favours? England invaded Ireland in Medieval Times raped pillaged &amp; exploited the country for centuries. Then when the Irish had had enough they sent in the scum Black &amp; Tans?
SAVE EUROPEAN UNION close the eurotunnel and Gibraltar border no britons in europe #brexit
Remainer politicians hijacked brexit and disrespected the referendum result. History will judge and the rest of the biased politic frauds. Step up and don't let them destroy brexit #MayMustGo #Brexit
The Independent has launched its #FinalSay campaign to demand that voters are given a voice on the final Brexit deal. . #Brexit
So M/ Macron nuclear provides 82% o fenergy whilst u have no clear payment policy on sustainable energy, PV is low in France as again higher subsidies fro French tech vs overseas cheaper options? So tax fossil fuels when no policy other than an idea. Makes Brexit a reasonable
Good job the Falklands are not in the EU then.
First #Brexit then changed the equation. Her star lost visibility. #EU has been exposed as: opportunistic, unfair, even envious behaviour against the #USA under the cover of "alliance." Yes, "alliance" of the few "very powerful" that want to control the world.
Brexit should never happened because has no economic and political advantage and place now the Gibraltar situation Brexit doesn’t help.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
Sorry Boris, I really cannot see you as any sort of remainer
See you cannot even follow a thread yet you want me to explain the benefits of Brexit. I doubt you could even understand the very basic.
She can stick her "nation" and her Brexit straight up her arse!
it’s class how the english stole our land and are now desperately trying to get an irish passport because of brexit. fuck off
I don’t care about #brexit . #bticoin gonna eat it’s lunch then, #globalwarming gonna kill everyone by 2026. So Brexit is completely irrelevant. So just go have fun.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
#Brexit deal back on after #TheresaMay meets Spain's Gibraltar demands
I'll take my chances. Let's sit and await the EU implosion post Brexit
INFH UXEYX 251118004537
Rest assured that both Leavers &amp; Remainers appear to be united in their condemnation of the PM's #Brexit deal, which, all things considered, is really quite an achievement. Also is this not what is referred to as 'The Will Of The People' #PeoplesVote
Many people - constituents included - have criticised Lammy's opinions and actions. It's time to abandon the Lammy experiment and void his election to the Commons.
We prefer to fight at night. Half of your army will be drunk and the other half will be drunk and jumping from the balconies.
Outrageous. Gibraltar was given to the British by Spain under the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713. Do not surrender its sovereignty in pursuit of a Brexit Agreement.
It is Brexit though. Anything more extreme was always impossible.
Theresa May's Brexit is a fake deal it's not Brexit.
Good he is a serious plotter against Brexit he should have gone long ago
I agree with most of what you say unfortunately brexit is complexed and is and has become a political game sadly not from part but they knew if they staright opposed they wouldnt be able to do anything. They played it right, any other way would of seen conservatives
Stop lying. There is no brexit bonus for the nhs and you know it.
Bruce Dickinson from Iron Maiden gloating about voting for Brexit stating that Maiden is a global band...US, Asia, Australia. Can't wait until they try book some European Festivals post Brexit and get hit with the visa fees for their entourage.
Bet they're keeping that £1billion though!
Well that would be perfect, not only is WTO fine, after all the majority of our trade is on that these days dear god let this be so, plus we’d have a seat with EU at the table, under WTO rules EU can’t alter the trade deals that current.
Remember how the #eureferendum was going to end division in the once and for all? Now it is just going to end them! #brexit
Ministers are locked in secret talks over Plan B Brexit in case Theresa May’s blueprint is rejected
This will help Brexit
If you think they haven’t played a part in messing up Brexit, you’re purposely lying to yourself. I mean yes, Theresa May should stand up to them, but they’re not exactly willing to let us go, are they?
We are being hustled! # pretend&amp;extend
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
And Scottish fishermen also disagree with you- I know who’s ‘actively seeking to deceive ‘ here ..
The latest Sam Says Politics Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
We needed net migration to fill the job vacancies. That put pressure on housing and public services which the government has failed to address. Tory and Labour...... That’s what’s given rise to Brexit. Migrants are the scapegoats.
Why would she #humiliate #Britain like this? #Lawyer savages #TheresaMay’s #Brexit #deal GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT!
Why should he? Brexit threatens his economy and he will not get a better chance to prise N.Ireland from Britain! And he might get it without firing a bullet! Just desserts!
Would love to hear a second Brexit podcast, the first was sensational.
Is this poor example of comedy, Theresa May gets trolled by Jeremy Corbyn. #Comedy #BadComedy #Brexit #TheresaMay #JeremyCorbyn
Anyone with half a brain could have seen that this was one of the unintended consequences of Brexit
May begs the public: unite behind me on #Brexit deal: - May begs the public: unite behind me on… #News #Politics
I know. But there are far too many people with a lot tied up in not destabilising brexit on both sides. I have no trust in Parliament across the house. None
Theresa May tweeting about Brexit at gone 11 on a Saturday? Who is advising her on this ridiculous strategy?
Ministers are locked in secret talks over Plan B Brexit in case Theresa May’s blueprint is rejected
Nothing. Squared.
This is a terrible deal. We all know it. This articulates how bad it is in excruciating detail. There's no way we're going to accept it. Give up.
Now you two… focus on the task in hand. We’ve a country to save &amp; then a continent of fellow democracies to work with to save the planet. The #Brexit time bomb is only the warm up drama for the real fight to come against the same Cabal at 55 Tufton Street pushing global warming.
The Brexit Betrayal.
So unfair to those that voted for BREXIT!!
I genuinely don't understand Gove or his reasoning. He claims he's a leaver yet seemingly supporting May's fake brexit deal, civil service twaddle claims and endless capitulations.
That’s not true. Tomorrow I’ll get my pro Brexit photos out.
Britain and EU agree draft on post-Brexit ties
Gone too far to backtrack. Now wanting to sell Gibraltar, next Channel Islands, Falklands, family, friends, co workers (already sold) country (already bartered)
As even extremists like Tice give up on Brexit, Labour risks being the only party left backing it.
This is a blind-Brexit which ultimately threatens the Union, Gibraltar, our trading prospects &amp; our standing in the World. It's self-serving, deluded drivel. You are ruining the UK for a generation; my son's generation &amp; I for one will never forgive you. Go &amp; go now. Fool.
Taxpayers cannot vote for Tax Payers Alliance or dictate its policies. If we say austerity has gone too far, the alliance will not listen. The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping US all
Someday we will learn that Russia influenced the Brexit issue. Putin, not , deserves an A+. He masterfully manipulated the world into disorder and confusion. Well done Putin. You did a number on our Idiot in Chief.
Mendacity. It's about stopping Brexit.
Farage used UKIP to push his Brexit agenda. Once he achieved what he thought was his goal he ditched the party. It had served its purpose. UKIP is no longer a one trick pony it has evolved into a proper political party. UKIP has a leader who is facing up to the issues you ignore.
Wee Nic literally has no say on Brexit, she’s irrelevant.
I despise the EU for these things and more. I appreciate you haven't mischaracterized Brexit voters as ignorant or xenophobic which is refreshing but I see rejection of the EU as a pro-European position.
secret brexit plan b 5 remain cabinet ministers planning norway style deal where we accept free movement,,,you couldnt make this up,,who the hell do these idiots think they are ,,they lost the referendum
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Opinion | The current Brexit debate is the deluded fighting with those in denial via
So true and yet so little said and perhaps remembered?!
Let's be honest has negotiated #brexit deal for the good of England first and the rest of the UK and it's dependants are an after thought.
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT SCREW EUROPE #SaveYourInternet
Is there a downside to this Brexit thing?
It's whot teresa may dus re Brexit.
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms Read more:
Theresa May: “Brexit will make the lives of innumerable UK citizens worse. A lot of you may die from lack of food or medicine. But, on the upside, my irrational desire to be a heartless xenophobic atrocity will keep me warm as your bodies grow cold.” #BackTheBrexitDeal
So I imagine the shy Brexiteers that didn't send their letter last week are just waiting until her botched Brexit gets voted down, and then it's no confidence the same day.
It's not as if the Gibraltar Govt. had issued a statement that the SNP's Brexit spokesman could reasonably have been expected to have read before commenting....
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
The Falklands .....?
A deal done by a remainer to please remainers and who has been promised a good EU job if she succeeds in keeping UK in EU
Dear PM, Thank you for your letter. I will be standing by our fellow European citizens here in the UK and inviting you to take your #brexit and shove it. It stinks. Hugs.
How is it possible to negate the whole experience and struggle of the British Isles in the last 1,500 years. flat out rubbish.
UK 'Has a Brexit Deal' With Which It Cannot Leave EU - Political Campaigner:
You are HMQ's Prime minister. We don't vote for PMs. We did not vote for a "Brexit deal" Leaving the EU might disappoint those who voted remain, but decision was taken in 2016. Paras 2&amp;3 are all dependent on the EU allowing it "in 20XX". Why would they? Para 4 wishful thinking.
And there you have it. Brexit in a nutshell. Two "diametrically opposed" people agreeing that May's approach to Brexit is unpalatable.
Holyhead on Brexit: ‘When will people wake the f**k up?’ via
She is not a traitor. The problem, though, is a classic #EU one. The assurance will mean one thing to us, another in Spain and something much more in #Brussels - leverage. There are now properly ‘three of us’ in the relationship.
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker | CBC Radio see more
Carws is better cos we all need to get comfortable with Welsh spellings while the UK exists*. *Lame Brexit reference
Theresa May wants Brexit to be a moment of reconciliation with the citizens of nowhere and the queue jumpers.
Has anyone in Pakistan particularly the Foreign Office thought about U.K. post-Brexit?
Win/Win
In short, my wife is not worthy of recognition as a human being, nor even merely as the wife and mother of British citizens and integral part of a family, but only as an economic asset. Is that your Brexit, Mrs May? Because I, for one, am revulsed.
Doesn't sound like my nation. I can't back the #Brexit deal. #Brexit really has no positives.
hold on to power and labour could not influence brexit at all as it stands hopefully they can they havent rued anything out at all unlike . It isnt black and white some believe it to be so simple but not with a government so corrupt and morally lacking.
I want Brexit just not something that will be worse than the original deal
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU - Fox News
Kind offer, but no thanks! Don’t want any Brexit. #stopbrexit and if you can’t find a way to do it, call a #Peoplesvote and let us do it, for all our futures, not just the US corporations and hedge funders.
Theresa May to hold last minute Brexit negotiations before EU leaders vote on withdrawal agreement
Lying to their own party...
Norway plus CU honours ref and solves many issues for remain. A new ref should only be called after Brexit is implemented for democracy's sake. Also, there is no guarantee Remain/Rejoin wins. Hubristic attitude to result, again. Throw support toward . Majority possible.
Ruth looking for cake again....
What about Brexit?
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
Please do it Italy. Save us from a corrupt #EU! Brexit news: Italy may DESTROY EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row | UK | News |
Yes it has
If people in the UK had read more non UK press, than the impact would have been known already during Brexit vote. Nobody outside UK is surprised about these numbers .... I am really sorry, that the people first now begin to realise, that UK politicians have sold them out...
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
first it was the #brexiteers who quit the cabinet. Now it could be several remainers as May seeks a no-deal #brexit. She may soon be on her own. As here:
Hillary Clinton lectures Europe #EU on getting 'a handle' on migration #Brexit
Why Nations Need To Control Their Borders--One poll suggested that a third of #Brexit Leave voters backed leaving the EU as it “offered the best chance for the UK to regain control over immigration and its own borders.”
This just gets better
No-deal Brexit threat to British motor industry via #motor #brexit
Or those who voted for Brexit, then get a second European passport.
It will just be the starving and dying when they can’t get their food or medicines
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal #jlabnews
“Relatively straightforward”? Bit like Fox’s claim about easiest trade deal ever negotiated. Brexit comprises delusion piled on delusion.
You have the power to stop Brexit so fucking do it!
o, for a muse of fire
A few days disruption at ports means no clean drinking water ? What the hell did we do when Calais strikes lasting 7 weeks caused Operation Stack ?
Scaremongering doesn't become you. UKIP now has very little to do with whether Brexit will be honoured
Let's hope this stops Brexshit
It won't be. And I wish people wouldn't l upset themselves with this fantasy. False hope is no hope.
I agree with Andrew Parnell 100%
What a lovely present that would make. And Santa would still have free movement, so could deliver other pressies too.
No Fucking Way 2 seconds #NoBrexit
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May Get ready for a Communist Government.
So then which is it? We were misinformed because we didn’t know they would end free movement? Or we are all xenophobes who only wanted brexit to stop free movement? Bc you can’t pick one and then the other when it suits the narrative
According to Spain, UK has just discussed co- sovereignty over gibralter. If SNP cannot engineer a situation where May gives away another bit of uk all for brexit...
Remain: Blue Passports. Blue Passports. Blue Passports. Leave: The issue is about how local domestic democracies are affected by things like EU trading laws and how it limits democratic choices at the ballot box. Remain: Er..... Blue Passports. Blue Passports Blue Passports.
Now that's scary
is a fecal impaction mass with googly eyes, a right daft fascist cunt with his head jammed so far up his own ass they’d need the jaws of life to pry his head out. #NigelFarage #Brexit
Anything else you self serving remainers want to give away? Goodnight #Conservatives #Deceit #Fail #Brexit
EU tensions brew behind Brexit: Eight countries ganging up against Austria and Brussels -
How can anyone say that the 2016 #Brexit referendum wasn't fatally flawed? The 2 main promises, on which millions of people relied, were TOTALLY FALSE. Mrs May is still desperately trying to pretend that this constitutes informed consent. She IS the UK's Donald Trump.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is ‘absolutely terrible,’ says economist | Squ... via
this is journalists for you, say something they dont like and they block you, #brexit
Just waiting for #France to take back the #Channelislands now... #Brexit
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
If Spain are referring back to the glory days of the 1700s then i suspect we haven't played hardball over Gibraltar. Unacceptable. #Brexit #weak
TV NIGHTS: This week’s comments are on POVERTY in the UK and on BREXIT, on the SENTENCING of the British academic in UAE, the new FOREIGN SECRETARY, Britons APPLYING for citizenship in other the EU COUNTRIES, and ...
Out of the limelight- a big chunk of lost business looming for British ports
May has been trying to get support for No Deal from day 1. It's the primary requirement in order to be able to negotiate. That is why she's keeps reminding us Unfortunately parliament don't want Brexit and have worked to create No Deal as an excuse to vote Brexit to oblivion
Are you suggesting we should be importing cars manufactured in the far east? Tell me about the Nissan car plant in Sunderland. Do they manufacture cars exclusively for the UK, or do they export to the EU? What have they said about Brexit?
Really looking forward to this bright #brexit future.
Then it is up to us to vote them out of public office. e.g. Mogg &amp; Redwood are #brexit spivs in it to make money. e.g. Johnson &amp; Gove are opportunists in it to become PM e.g. #ERG et al are #disasterCapitalists in it to cannibalise UK assets Vote them out - after we #StopBrexit
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
2 cheeks of the same arse
Real issue with completely duplicitous.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
I cba with brexit because applying for dual citizenship in Italy will be a whole sort of complicated process
Theresa May has completely gone against her word regarding Gibraltar. It’s appalling. Her dreadful deal needs to be voted down in Parliament and then Brexit has to be stopped because the whole thing is bonkers.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NorthernIreland
that would ascend the brightest heavens of invention
Brexit ::Gibraltar should be technically as difficult like Northern Ireland...
While you're looking up stuff, let me know where and when GWPF have expressed any interest In Brexit. I must have missed it.
"Instead, we will be able to spend British taxpayer's money on our own priorities, like the extra £394 million per week that we are investing in our long-term plan for the NHS." Is the PM saying the disputed £350million on the side of that Brexit Red Bus was correct all along?
Opinion: Brexiteers against Brexit threaten Theresa May’s plan - this will do your head in if you are trying to follow the path to Brexit
Best reason to go for a ‘No Deal Brexit’ yet!
Nah, it's ite, brexit is making sure us linguists will have a job I hope
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit #europenews
Oh god, can Fraser really believe this shite? I mean, aside from the fact that the Tories created this mess all by themselves, can he really not think of a reason why Ireland should not just sit back and enjoy the freak-show?
No-one believes her.
This was the problem, a remainer negotiated Brexit. I think no deal is better than a terrible deal, so I'd rather we leave with no deal and trade under WTO conditions. Which will still be cheaper than EU membership.
We will have this with brexit
Agreed. How dare Ireland try to limit the potential damage done to the economy by Brexit while also trying to maintain all the work done in the north. Very embarrassing for the Irish government to be so self absorbed instead of bowing to the British
My suspicion is that No Deal is unplannable.
Best response: "I've drunk clean drinking water in places I can't even spell ffs".
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT GET YOUR SHIT BTS CRAP OUT AND GO BACK TO CHINA CHINKY
The EU made demands, and you caved - to practically everything. I have done my reading. You either ignored Brexit, or callously disregarded it as a concept, thinking this deal would pacify voters and Brexiteer MPs. So unless you're tearing up the deal, I don't want to hear it.
If you’d put a fraction of the effort u have spent conning the UK &amp; misleading the Brexiteers in cabinet, into fighting for a good deal we wouldn’t be in this mess! Pls for national interests, step aside &amp; let someone who believes in Brexit try, 17.4m ppl beg u to step aside now!
Nadine can you let this pick know that he can not veto BREXIT but we can veto Spanish holidays, wine.,fruit, vegetables and many other Spanish goods.
With both her Brexit ministers resigning it is a bit much to hear Theresa May say her deal delivers does not but how can our historic vote to leave end up as that plan and No one is stopping her it is madness.Of course EU are keen as they have got the deal
And the bells were ringing out for Brexit Day (You scumbag, you maggot You cheap Walter Bagehot)
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor
Oh do f"ck off
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas
a kingdom for a stage
Stop writing letters and just pull the trigger on a hard no-deal #brexit.
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
At this rate, there's a danger of Parliament being stormed by angry mobs. #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
And why?? NI has the best of both worlds which will put us in a strong economic position but the DUP would rather sink NI into an economic catastrophe. You don’t represent the majority opinion on this yet you continually rabble rouse to clutch at a hard Brexit.
Goodbye Phil! May I plug this petition for a #nodeal brexit:
It never belonged to bastar pehnchods anyway Gibraltar as westerners like to call it is actually called “Jabl Tariq” it belongs to my peoples. Rock da puttar lagda!!
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Harry works for remainers now, his attitude towards brexit has changed to align with his paymaster.
Looking at how the Brexit goes,I doubt it. Leave the EU and you get treated like an exile, worse than not being part of the EU. The UK is looking if they can reverse the vote and stay with the EU
No the Country wants a General Election. Then Labour will renegotiate the Brexit deal.... You’ll be lucky to keep your job.
When it sounds too good to be true, it usually is. #JustSaying #Brexit
I would rather staple my scrotum to a rabid hyaena than back brexit , Mrs Treason May
It is difficult to know which of the two notions, upon which this ignorant bilge depends, is more operatically stupid; the notion that needs to sate the Irish nationalist appetite of Micheál Martin (!) or the idea that Ireland has only a little cross-border trade.
Strictly compared to Brexit by viewers after scoring blunder
Not one wit should be given up
May knows, ax soon as she proposes No Deal Brexit dies, for ever.
Brexit and corruption goes together like a horse and carriage
Sorry nice try. You have two hopes, NO HOPE &amp; BOB HOPE! Gone too far in ignoring democracy of the people. Voted LEAVE, not this that and the other deal.... Leave. TM in big conspiracy with civil service &amp; EU. it wont wera with us #brexit
Do you think it is undemocratic to have a second Brexit referendum now that people are far better informed about the consequences of Brexit?
The more we find out about #Brexit the less we like it. Time to rethink #peoplesvote and come together to tackle #ClimateBreakdown &amp; #ExtinctionRebellion
God bless the Fkin Italians! #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit #TreasonMay #BrexitShambles #PoliticalDeclaration
“Grow Up Or I Will Let Brexit Happen!”
This seems like a good idea
Gibraltar voted 96% against Brexit but they're getting dragged out against their will and no-one cares about them and it makes me sad.
Does May seek a no deal Brexit?
As the father of a T1D son who uses a pump this is without question one of the stupidest, most annoying, ignorant and crassest tweets I have seen on here. And this is Twitter...... with Trump and BREXIT currently in play ffs!!
I don't mean to be completely nasty here-but I seriously think that she is out of her depth and really not coping with the #Brexit shiit that has been piled on her-she's mentally ill
we need to stop letting social divisions rule governmentally. when we let social divisions rule, dumb sh*t like #brexit and trump happen. no one is saying have no social groups. folk are saying do not lose your humanity due to your need for a subset tribe.
Do you have any understanding of Irish history? Ireland was a colony, bled dry by the UK. During the #IrishFamine food was exported from there to feed England. Why should #LeoVaradkar show any goodwill? Brexit could destroy Ireland again!
you are a fiction writer ie bullshitter - you are the nupty who understands nothing about the EU try reading the official goernment figures works out about £12-14 a head per year, although if the brexit pound keeps collapsing it will soon be £50
It isn't turning two long-standing parties into a single amorphic anti-Brexit blob no one in their right minds would vote for - Which is what a LibDem/Green merger would become. It would go the way of all the other failed party experiments of the last two years.
May’s betrayal of Gibraltar is reason enough to say no to her Brexit deal A very short post. News that Gibraltar has been betrayed by May should make it impossible for any MP worth the name to support her Brexit deal. May is a nasty person. The roots o...
Pro-European Conservatives Will Soon Call Time on Brexit via
Rubbish. #worstpminhistory you've sold this country out. #nodeal is the only #brexit anything else is remain. #RIPTories I'll never vote for you idiots again
You forget. Brexit leaders decided that UK #democracy, the "will of the people" was terminated on 23rd June 2016. No more parliamentary integrity, no more votes. Unless we fight for it.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON! Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
Spain dropped its objections to the draft Brexit deal on the basis that UK said that Spain would have a say in future trade arrangements involving Gibraltar. That isnt signing away sovereignty. Theresa May says she will always stand by Gibraltar.
Looks like the weak and wobbly Prime Minister has deleted her letter tweet due to the negative responses! #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitDeal
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit
There's four Manchester folk discussing Brexit in front of me. They think 'eire' is being unreasonable so they can fuck off too.
Not to be rude here, but Brexit Britain hasn't asked for Ireland's help and or goodwill. Rest assured Bono and Bob Geldof are waiting until for when they are needed in this Brexit omnishambles. Also you have the DUP, aren't they the type of Irish you want? #fbpe
Uk needs to axe brexit ASAP; PR so votes count &amp; more parties collabourating @ heart of gov to urgently address inequality, environment, services, housing, lack of accountability in public servings, injustice.. so much to do
This the brexit dodgy dossier is worse than and Tony Blair’s #DodgyDossier
This is great. Dr Woke goes in with both feet, then it’s pointed out 9/10 of the participants are nothing to do with GB. So the Woke sisters pile on and help steer the thread away. On this basis, I could be insulted by Ireland having a view on Brexit.
May is married to a banker. Did you really think Brexit would work in our favour? A wolf in the flock.
An attractive proposition so long as we're able to make clear that "It won't be as bad as WWII" is not an acceptable plan.
As an EU negotiator you are without equal. As a UK negotiator you are deranged and useless beyond belief. What would you consider a bad deal to be??? Give up, move on, change nationality. You certainly aren't British and frankly not up to the job you have. #brexit
Ask the average person and they will say they do not believe MPs are looking after their interests so why on earth would they, the people, want to leave the Brexit vote to Parliament?
What are you worried about? #preppertalk #survival #outdoors #shtf #wilderness #prepper #survivalist #preppers #prepping #preparedness #TEOTWAWKI #brexit #infographic
This is exactly the conversation I had with my mother earlier today. She said she would prefer to remain in the EU than proceed with the current Brexit deal. My mother voted Brexit.
Early example of a Brexit campaign.
Moving forward would be to implement a full clean Brexit, she hasn't and itd p*ssed alot of ppl off and you will pay for it in coming elections.
In summary : Tory Remainers are for Brexit while the Brexiteers are for Remain. It would be high comedy if we were not talking about people preparing to roll dice to decide the nation’s future.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Just leave. Same with the Brexit deal.
Post-Brexit, as demonstrated through Fast and Furious monopoly. and I (the two Brits) have next to nothing, whereas the two Europeans ( and ) are doing very well for themselves!
The best deal is the one we already have. So thank you, but no. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Of course she is, even mad him a peer of our realm.
Schools in Northern Ireland to get a £66million cash boost to keep DUP happy
I would be amazed if the Treasury had NOT modelled it. The really shocking part of this is how the Govt have tried to prevent the analyses that sho whow badly their policies will hurt the country from being seen by anyone. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
“President Emmanuel Macron has proved to be just the latest example of a fake leftist.” WTF lads
Not by Billiary Rotten Clinton
the only person (or country) DJT cares about is himself.
France preparing additional sea ports for Irish freight traffic after Brexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON! Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
Brilliant, job, although I do need to get home tomorrow lol
And here are the real details of your traitorous deal May
Fingers crossed!
If that were the case she wouldn’t be threatening ‘no Brexit’ which she started to do this week.
unfortunately after brexit this will be a common theme.
I believe in Brexit! Because Unicorns means Unicorns.
Britain as a new Norway, with free movement of Polish and other EU labour? That’s plan B according to if current #Brexit deal is not approved by Parliament
This government's mistake was they prioritized a deal &amp; not Leave. If there are any problems post Brexit they are completely culpable for it. A responsible government would have taken the necessary measures to prepare the country for ANY &amp; ALL outcomes.
Valid point. lol. So serious question, IF the deal is extended and kept in until 2020 or whatever and the compact agreement is agreed reg mass migration n illegal to criticise etc, what do we do?! 1leg in and 1 leg out wasnt on the ballot #Brexit #LeaveWon
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation': Many of Sunday newspapers focus on Brexit and in particular Theresa May's direct plea to the public.
Anyone else notice that even though Brexit is the UK’s #MAGA, they still manage to sort of hold it together?
Don't have a problem with Labour, but Jeremy's position on Brexit is inconsistent with the values he professes to hold dear, and does not serve the people for whom he professes to care most, IMHO.
Bully boy Banks a crook and a country wrecker
What's pretty remarkable is that the PM has been working for the EU to betray the Brexit vote, the country and her own party. And still they don't get rid of her…
Mrs May- I cannot find a sentence in your letter that isn't wrong, a half truth, a platitude, a lie, though I assume that the date is correct. The idea that there will be any reconciliation in your political lifetime if you bully Brexit through is laughable. #remain #peoplesvote
Another Brexit dividend.
THIS IS A BIG FUCKING DEAL.
Now is that a promise?????
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
No ta. No Brexit please we’re British
#Brexit maybe #illegal - High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
How can anyone say that the 2016 #Brexit referendum wasn't fatally flawed? The 2 main promises, on which millions of people relied, were TOTALLY FALSE. Mrs May is still desperately trying to pretend that this constitutes informed consent. She IS the UK's Donald Trump.
May will be ejected soon....zero chance to go through British Parliament.
We should dust off the gallows for the likes of May and her brexit bores
Here is the PM’s inaugural speech as PM. The lack of progress on these pledges doesn’t bode well for likely Brexit ‘success’
At the end of the day he is a Tory who pushed Brexit he’s out of touch with reality
I'm in a bar on my own, so I'm going to swear. A lot.
Over here you wonder why things aren't better and at the very least you have a FBPE knobhead kicking down your door to ask 'what about Brexit?' Worst case scenario you're actively being persecuted by our tabloids, which are all bafflingly still relevant
FFS IF YOU NEVER READ ANYTHING ELSE EVER AGAIN READ THIS:
Keeping her is certainly delaying, frustrating and wrecking Brexit, and negotiations are non-existent (what she's doing cannot be called "negotiating"). So I don't see how things can get any worse if she is replaced.
And this is the problem with Brexit. Loads of bluster, but no logic. Come on John, you really believe in this. Tell us why a European Army is a good thing for the U.K. That’s what you’ve voted for and a committed brexiteer you know precisely what you were voting for.
Sure, the new Ireland soccer manager is news second only to Brexit. Be fair.
There is no such thing as a hard or soft Brexit. It is a word manufactured by the press. There is only one Brexit and leaving on WTO terms is unfortunately, now the only way to achieve a true Brexit.
Another example- take tonight, Spain was going to veto our brexit deal. So the veto sent people back &amp; forth to negotiate. A compromise was finally reached and now Spain won't veto our deal.
Check out Sunday Times second lead “New ‘gang of five’ in second Cabinet mutiny on Brexit” here
No surprise to get another capitulation: The Sun: Brussels will demand Britain grant EU boats access to our waters before agreeing trade deal. via
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
hang your head in shame...This will finish the party and bring us to civil war..I will bear arms against you fascists.Brexit means NO ECJ/SM/CU/fom... RESIGN .
Here you go folks the #BrexitDodgyDossier
Please let the manoeuvring shysters, political charlatans &amp; lying bastards who played on people’s fears &amp; prejudices whilst at the same time profiteered from #Brexit truly know the meaning of the phrase: “half a crown/six pence”
What happens to the divisions in the UK if Brexit continue as is: We all know that many committed Brexiteers will blame Remainers for 'ruining Brexit'. (As if we wrote the Good Friday Agreement or designed the world so EU countries would be geographically the easiest for trade)
But, picture a passionate Remainer. They know that you don't like the Brexit you're getting and they're watching you stick to it anyway. And they're watching their future suffer because of it.
My personal morality says that, within reason, on the big things, if someone wants something more than I do, I should give it to them. If Remainers see Brexit voters hang on to a Brexit they don't like at the expense of a European citizenship we desperately want,..What happens?
Oh, you know what, this is drivel. Absolutely no-one believes we are better off outside the EU anymore. #Remain &amp; #FBPE &amp; #Brexit folk. Respond if you have to but ultimately this deal is dead next week, so save your breath. This letter is the death rattle of a finished PM.
Whereas, If we vote to stop a Brexit that has clearly gone off the rails, yes, some will be upset that Brexit didn't work out but we can get to work on the real problems in the country which WOULD bring us together.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
and monarchs to behold the swelling scene
Michael, this is dangerous and irresponsible. If you conflate Leave supporters with the far right, you will end up amplifying the latter. A boundary needs to be drawn around the far right—and not one that includes 52% of people.
My French husband never knows what is going on in France...I have to tell him!
Terrifying that in subsuming the northern Irish under a single British “nation” she denies the nationhood of Scotland and wales
From a man who heads up an UK investment management business, who’s clients are losing money as a result of his actions. I can only imagine Brexit means there’s a lot in it for him personally
And one wonders how much it is being applied to con us into the current idiotic and treacherous Brexit Agreement ...
Brexit is Fine (
His claim of 500 hardened criminals in the Caravan is right out of the Manchurian Candidate. How the ‘Bad Boys of Brexit’ forged ties with Russia and the Trump campaign — and came under investigators’ scrutiny - The Washington Post
I can't help thinking the universe decided to punish us for the sheer stupidity of Brexit by conspiring to crash the chances of the other candidates, leaving only May standing. As though it was saying, 'you want it, you live with it in it's very worst form'.
Across the continent, their press is gloating about a famous EU victory over us foolish U.K. people who voted for Brexit.
THERESA MATE, PLEASE STOP. THIS BREXIT THING IS IRRITATING ME.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat #StopBrexit #FBPE
The Fish, The Rock, The Border: EU's Caveats to the Brexit Deal
British People plea to PM: Back our People's Vote:
If you’re a Tailor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit latest news: Britain accused of caving in over Gibraltar - live updates' | via
Apparently another lying Brexiteer with fabricated credentials- Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
The party that created Brexit caused that you moron. The EU has no control over budget, the tories decided to cut social care and gut social services, not the EU.
I just coughed up a bit of lung that has more relevance than you
Fair enough, but shit though Brexit is, this goes far beyond and above the cheating in the 2016 referendum. It is about extreme right wing neo-con capatilist vultures taking over the world. For the evidence trail and primary sources behind all this, please follow
#Brexit could be binned by Christmas - and it has nothing to do with politicians. Court challenge of May's refusal to do anything about allegations of criminality could void the referendum. Merry Christmas Arron Banks.
What next? The Falklands, perhaps?
I'm a Labour member and Leave voter. I don't agree with your views on Brexit but I commend your attitude. It's amazing how in this age of adversity we can all find some common ground.
At this point, I'm praying for Ebola - bleeding out of my eyeballs is infinitely preferential to one more speech involving the words 'Bigly', 'brexit' or 'jobs and growth'
Well done Gerard Batten for the appointment of Tommy Robinson Now we might get the Brexit we voted for and reclaim our Country back
You should be concentrating on the result, not to keep the #remain happy... We voted #Leave and leave means leave in its entirety not a tarted up "remain in the #EU but we'll call it #brexit You're a 2 faced lying bitch Theresa and this catastrophe of deal is done to keep us in!
Because I don’t want to be like Singapore with some of the longest working hours in the world ... I can see no benefits to Brexit but so many downsides. And, if we remain we can just stop talking about it and focus on other priorities.
A bad Brexit deal but with no alternative, says Voice of the Sunday Mirror
Big boy gonna play for the brexit nation when he older #GodSaveTheQueen
A BREXIT that was EEA plus CU would have to include FoM would lose support in some quarters but would receive the overwhelming support of the electorate. Problems for UK would be if it couldn't get over its obsession with FoM which would preclude SM m'ship
How much humiliation is willing to take from the misogynistic unelected male EU-politicians who run the evil EU-empire. Let's hope it stops short of them making her pull a train. Whatever the #Brexit outcome the EU must be destroyed utterly. #Leave #Remain #MayMustGo
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation All I want for Christmas is an end to #Brexit
Save our Brexit – May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Hell, no!
She wont meet any members of the public it will be staged from start 2 end It will be hand picked People Why doesnt she go in2 the housing schemes &amp; see what they think of her Brexit Deal &amp; her policies Let her go 2 Foodbanks let her go around the streets at night c the homeless
It all started when people in power refused to accept the result of the referendum, Couple that with a prime minister On the verge of a nervous breakdown who has convinced herself That its Ok to give the country away As long as the EU are happy to agree a deal. Anything they want
Brexit was always going to be a huge mess, there was never going to be a sweet or wonderful deal.
Coming soon to the #UK if Post #Brexit #NHS is offered up to be sold &amp; sacrificed for a Trade deal with Trump
"The men who led us into this crisis refused to think through what they were doing… If they had, Britain’s position might now be less perilous."
We were told to stockpile food, loo roll, tins, etc. Medications too. Now we need water barrels in the garden or extra bottled water. This was not on that bus #StopBrexit Comments please
We will never come together dream on . Your party divided country and your party will have to live with the divisions you caused . If i am not better off and our public services are not vastly improved then you will have betrayed this country. #brexit
The last time someone tried to destroy parliament They where hung on treason. I think our next political hanging will be pretty soon #treason #brexit #resignmay
#TheresaMay copies Tony Blair's tricks in propaganda blitz to sell her hated #Brexit deal to Brits
#TheresaMay copies Tony Blair's tricks in propaganda blitz to sell her hated #Brexit deal to Brits
The problem with arguments about how a given Brexit outcome would "damage British democracy" never take into account that *not* damaging British democracy doesn't seem to be an option at this point. So the question isn't if, but by how much.
Oh please #Brexit #Boris #Tories #labour #PeoplesVoteNow #PeoplesVote #justice #con
How Gibraltar almost stopped a #Brexit deal - Washington Post
A 'No Deal' with bonuses. Sign me up.
for one thing i can see the two party system coming to an end, and if populist increase their votes with the sell out of Brexit, this will be your own fault, personally I will be voting that way
Not the brexit you'd like, fair enough but "betrayal"?
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
Good riddance.
Fool Britannia! May sells out loyal Gibraltar to try to save her miserable #Brexit deal.
What the #EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's #Brexit deal -
6 reasons
Jezza's funnier (mind you, so's Stage 4 cancer) and he doesn't even try. Here's a routine Jezz did with the Tories in 2016, called 'Brexit'; the punchline comes next year, hoping Scotland will get independence so England can enjoy it all by yourselves.
Amen. David Davis said there would be no downside to Brexit, only considerable upside. Where is the upside, then?
European Union set to agree Brexit deal
Immigration will rocket after #Brexit as we sign trade deals across the world. All countries will demand Freedom of Movement, a vital pillar to trade. Even if we chose to implement our current immigration controls that we have ignored, it will not contain FoM. People are stupid.
Project Fear, but genuinely scary
Get with the plot the EU is already doing this on our behalf. Please don't waste my taxes on your air fare. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Exactly... which is why there has been a run on Irish passports since #Brexit . They’ve been inundated...
It's beginning to look a lot like a Brexit conspiracy via
'We will take back control of our borders, by by putting an end to the free movement of people once and for all.' Brexit in one sentence. A fucking national disgrace. #ForeverRemain
And yet has she not got that psychotic gleam in her eye, the gleam of history, the woman who delivered #brexit. She’s terrifying me.
"co-sovereignty" based on current record what has she promised? I would never trust her again -can anyone trust her? I fear damage which She has already done keys to NO 10 in hands already
We need to stop all brexit , not just #ToryBrexit #PeoplesVote #VoteDownTheDeal #OptionToRemain #FinalSayForAll
but pardon, and gentles all
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON! Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
It's astonishing that Great Britain risks ending up an EU colony after Brexit
It'll take my mind off Brexit for a while. Always look on the bright side of life!
With 90 plus certain to vote against would it not be better to see the back of May. The back of Rudd and Hammond with a new leader and team will can start the process again or leave with no deal. In Mays own words. No deal is better than a bad deal. #MayMustGo
we have to stop letting social divisions rule governmentally. when social divisions rule, dumb sh*t like #brexit and trump's election happen. no one is saying have no social groups. folk are saying don't lose your humanity due to a need for a subset tribe.
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
If there’s a God!! Yes go . &amp; take the rest of the spineless lying cheats with you!! Do it now! You are not welcome..
According to the Telegraph Theresa May will campaign with her Heart and Soul to sell her Brexit deal to the commons. Hmm... One obvious issue. She has neither, #stopbrexit #FinalSay
Imagine how badly the Americans would feel if we didn't have Brexit going on.
‘If #Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’ Robert Tombs, professor at St John’s College, Cambridge, &amp; author of ‘The English &amp; their History’ discusses implications of #Chequers for #sovereignty, #democracy &amp; the future of #British politics #ukpoli
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May’s Brexit ‘letter to the nation’
The problem with arguments about how a given Brexit outcome would "damage British democracy" is that they never take into account the fact that *not* damaging British democracy doesn't seem to be an option at this point. So the question isn't if, but by how much.
Why a 'sunset clause' could restore the near total collapse of trust in the Brexit process via
You’re betraying Brexit, the country and all its people. You’re either aware of this or utterly incompetent. This deal will destroy your party. You will be despised. Stop this folly now, stand down and allow a competent person who believes in Brexit to take charge.
Then your secret plan to get them to cancel #Brexit will be almost complete! Nice one.
this woman and The Tory party have been saying this for years and still they do nothing. will LIE, LIE and LIE again and again.
You know the real truth is she would have been criticized whatever she did. Yours is one of many different opinions about what brexit should be #Brexit #poisonchalice
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation -
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON! Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
'Philip Hammond 'will quit the Cabinet and take five ministers with him if Theresa May tries for a No Deal Brexit'' GOOD!
don’t abandon Gibraltar, abandon Brexit for everyone’s benefit... Don’t go down in history as the ‘weak and feeble’ PM who abandoned the UK at her hour of need. #DitchBrexit not Gibraltar.
I’m kindof a reformed leaver who would vote remain in a second ref - but I fully expect leave to win the second ref and don’t really think leavers are worried about that! The only chance of brexit slipping away is if May’s deal passes (which is regarded as worse than remaining)
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal NO, thank you. What a mess you've made of our country. Diminished, a laughing stock, escalating poverty. Piss off.
Gibraltar is British, Brexit or not. You want a fight, we’ll give you a fight:
Important note: The people who brought you #brexit didn’t understand what they were doing Brexit will make the UK less sovereign The UK will be more dependant on decisions made on Brussels &amp; loose the UK’s vote on them Brexit will reduce UK influence &amp; damage the economy .
Cannot even make #UniversalCredit work and expects support for brexit. Nuh uh
The comments in this thread are hilarious... please read. Not very good news for Gibraltar where btw great part of their richness comes from being a tax heaven + organised crime money laundering activities
Gibraltar deal reached by UK and Spain before Brexit summit - General -
We await the traitors resignation
. can you confirm if you are voting down the Brexit deal as brought forth from Theresa May? As a S. Shields resident I am completely opposed to it as a leave voter.
Bye Tzer, turn off the lights when you go
Tories now planning their own version of Labour's Brexit.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON! Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
They literally do though
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm #News #theguardianuk
We can but hope
Ah no that's yourself Nigel!
Alexa was a key witness in murder trial? 'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker
Confused About Brexit? Here’s What You Need to Know
A masterpiece of arrogance and self-pity by . His capacity for unintentional irony is simply jaw-dropping. #Brexit
Oh God. The Sun: "THERESA May will take a leaf out of Tony Blair’s election-winning manual as she goes flat out to sell her Brexit plan to Britain. The PM will give out millions of pledge cards summing up the five key “gains” of her deal for leaving the EU"
OH NO!! OMG! OH THIS IS CATASTROPHIC!!....Oh piss off *yawn*
Ministers are locked in secret talks over Plan B Brexit in case Theresa May’s blueprint is rejected
#BBC #News - #Newspaper #headlines: #TheresaMay's #Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Wrong on all counts: it was advice to a party in government who took the advice and actioned Article 50,. The Lisbon Treaty does not have a clause whereby a withdrawal letter can be rescinded. Therefore the action is binding.
EU27 states "...only too happy not to have to worry about the day-to-day details of such a complicated and painful procedure. They have a lot of other stuff on their plates". The disaster that is #Brexit in a nutshell.
“Britain’s strategic error was to threaten the integrity of the single market .. the talk was Frexit, Nexit, Czexit. It all stopped very quickly. In France, Marine Le Pen wanted to leave the EU, then the euro, now she wants to leave neither". … ...
Is it just me or does it feel like we're in the eye of a storm now? The shit has hit the fan. Nobody's happy with the shit covered fan sending shit everywhere. Now we're waiting for the fan to explode in flames. #Brexit #FBPE #PeoplesVoteMarch #FinalSay #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Make no mistake. What came to pass today is really significant. No trade deal without selling out Gibraltar is a real possibility. Brexit is a shambles.
This is truly embarrassing. #projectfear2
Spain wants the Gibraltarians to continue receiving aid from the European Union. The United Kingdom that voted in favor of Brexit did not take into consideration the opinion of the people of Gibraltar. They want you isolated.
UK(NI) it seems. Ha ha...jokers do every trick on paper. This age, won't work. Not so easy. :-)
It’s a 21 month arrangement. The WA compels BOTH parties to work towards the future relationship. Should either party cease to work towards a future relationship, the agreement will fall apart. This is not Brexit - it is the journey to Brexit.
the flat unraised spirits that have dared
The #BrexitDeal may not be suited to individual expectations, but neither was the Brexit vote. This is a compromise for collective national interest, and keeping the #UK united. #BackTheBrexitDeal
Why is this arch Brexiter urging DUP not to ditch May?
Kaboom, baby!
I really don't .. brightest &amp; best : #Brexit bull
Prime Minister, all you need to say is “As your Prime Minister, it is clear that BREXIT in it’s current form presents a clear and present danger to the safety &amp; prosperity to the United Kingdom. Therefore, the United Kingdom will remain part of the European Union at this time’
Pleading for her job more like she’s toast
Yes. It says a lot about the mood in the country. I dont know one person who backs the TM #crapdeal... not one. This isnt the #brexit people voted for. Many will vote elsewhere because of TM. The trust has gone.
Theresa May’s unloved Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself: prudent and provincial
It’s not just UK that is the loser. Brexit, along with Trump’s trade war, is jolting the world economy, frightening financial markets, and edging us all closer to the next global recession—The most powerful anti-recession stimulus available is freer trade
some of the comments under this article are incredible!
As an Asian who cares about the development of Britain, I support the Brexit. In today's multipolar or chaotic world order, Britain needs to continue to defend his most valuable political tradition of common law.
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Lost track of Brexit? Here’s a guide to the endgame
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU via
I still hope for something extraordinary to happen. #BrexitShambles #BrexitAgreement #BrexitBetrayal #SaturdayThoughts #SaturdayNight
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Whop Whoop. This would be amazing if it happens.
“I hold in my hand a tweet of a piece of paper that promises Brexit in our time”
PATHETIC! Resign now PM. Independence is the only way forward for Scotland.
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation via
Brexit:HighCourt to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation Independent
#BreakingNews! On the eve of tomorrow's summit, #TheresaMay has offered the #IsleofWight to the #EU as a gesture of goodwill. #Banter #MayMustGo #ChuckMay #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON! Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
British government is in trouble with Brexit and here we are Russia is bigger threat than IS, and new attack in Syria...
I'm a convert,we need to fight back at the ballot box against liblabcons,before we need to fight for our lives in the street,kids in my area are walking round in stab vests for Gods sake,our country has been turned into a cesspit of violence,and our concerns are silenced..
you are wrong. the third option, as the pm said, is no brexit, the sensible peoples option, get it ?
Help expose the dark money driving a hard Brexit
My personal reply to the Prime Minister and also a reminder to my MP who needs to remember the 16% clear majority in his constituency who voted leave in 2016 #mympisadickhead he will be actively campaigned against by members of his own party.
May begs the public: unite behind me on #Brexit deal
Brexit means Brexit.
I’d say what I said back in July has played out. And Labour’s strategy has forced the Tories and Brexit into implosion. I’m really not going to argue about it at midnight though Sarah.
It’s time you listened to the nation. We don’t want your disastrous brexit. We want to remain. #NotBuyingIt #DontBacktheBrexitDeal
Job market. Chances for jobs with Brexit are about 20%...
So true from a great leader. The UK love / please lead our country and negotiate #brexit help us dump #eu
I urge “the Nation” to send in their response to and tell directly what they think of her deal to avoid ambiguity. #LetterToPM #StandUp4Brexit
BBC News - Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
May begs the public: unite behind me on #Brexit deal
why didn't you ever arrange a cross party pro brexit march? Like him or not you therefore left it to Tommy Robinson to do something pro brexit as no one else had the bottle
Opportunities from #Brexit, for Spain
Do it! Do it now! #ManagedNoDeal #WTOBrexit
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Is it Facebook that brings all the elements together...? That nailing Facebook nails #brexit criminality and illuminates the various scandals that would gain traction with the public? Perhaps we will one day be proud again.. of our country.
Believe in Brexit, Sophie. The more you believe in it the more likely it is to happen! Now if you don’t mind I’m going to sleep so I can dream of a nuke landing on White Hart Lane.
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' via
These are the same people who said we didn't need to #Brexit because we weren't being ruled by, or integral to, the European Union.
Great piece
This bastardised half-way Brexit isn’t remotely close to what we voted for. There is Brexit; and not. This is not Brexit. Hard = Brexit. Anything less isn’t Brexit.
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of so-called #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON! Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
This is a dumb idea and is the sort of thing would end up actually making Brexit happen. Good grief.
He seems to be now, sadly. I hope he will see that #Brexit will serve only the interests of the tax-avoiders and Putin #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #InformedConsent #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain #StopBrexit
What government would ever attach themselves to this. They couldn't risk it.
As something that offers quite a bit to brexiters while obtaining more time to seek answers for the more problematic issues her deal seems kinda ok and probably the only deal that could make most happy for now - at expense of extending national brexit neurosis
The British People will Never accept being Governed by a foreign Power ie the rotten 'EU
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
You have allowed the political agenda of the UK to be set by white racist thugs with arms like pub toilet walls. EDL/UKIP/BNP/BritainFirst passionately support #Brexit. The scientists, the artists, the thinkers are horrified by it. Your legacy sealed. #PeoplesVote
Gibraltar deal reached by UK and Spain before Brexit summit - CNN
Theresa May’s Brexit deal kills hopes of ban on live animal exports, campaigners warn - The Independent
We are not spending £394m more a week on the NHS due to brexit. This is just using taxes, borrowing and cuts elsewhere to provide cover for the leaver's lies that we'd have £350m a week more for nothing. Utterly dishonest!
'The very name “the TaxPayers’ Alliance” is a kind of trick. The alliance isn’t the “grassroots campaign” it claims to be. Taxpayers cannot vote for its officials or dictate its policies…'
Has there ever been a #PM that’s tried so hard to push something so awful to the people of Britain !!? Oh yes #Blair / #Gulf!
Brexit Pie sliced up any oldhow, some wanted an Eton Mess. The majority were complete and satisfied, the pigs at the trough swallowed anything as usual
You assume they voted for Labour or Conservative because of Brexit. 80% of those voters might have been more interested in schools, defence, health, fear of Corbyn... Of course, in most constituencies you could pop a blue or red rosette on 5lbs of tripe and it would win.
Who cares this Brexit deal is a complete sell-out. This is a farce and the quicker parliament tell Madam may to go to hell the better.
Ciaran &amp; Leave Voter Visit Swiss "Friction Border" (BBC Inside ... via #leave #brexit #transport #import
Exactly... #voteleave #brokethelaw
Do not listen to Theresa Mays propaganda video. At the end of the day the British people have a stark choice . You either go with the Tory hard liners who want a no-deal Brexit with all the risks that it entails or you choose to remain in the EU. The choice is yours!
High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Xmas Wow...won't count my chickens..but think about it. How will it look 4 both May &amp; Corbyn if indeed the Ref is declared void? Both have sought to brush it under the carpet &amp; turn backs on it.
Nope, it's going to be canceled!
We’ve fallen down a rabbit hole into a mad world - Let’s get back to reality, let’s remain.
"Instead we will be able to spend British taxpayer's money on our own priorities, like the extra £394 million per week that we are investing in our long term plan for the NHS. Is the PM saying the disputed £350million on the side of that Brexit Red Bus was correct all along?
It’s this ruling in the appeal court which prevented the expats from voting. Now it’s this ruling that should unravel Brexit because of the corruption of this constitutional requirement.
Yes yes yes! What a great early Xmas present that will be to the nation! Oh dear
Save our Brexit – May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
good god she must be desperate .... #teresamay
Invite them both to be panellists on Have I got news for you, With Jo Brand in the chair! Wow!
They are delaying it in the hope our next general election will return a govt which cancels Brexit.
1 Big problem is that we remain in the Customs Union, without any voting rights Now the PrimeMinister says it is temporary But the Legal text says we can't leave unless the EU say so. And why would they want to let us leave and risk us undercutting them. #Brexit
Technically, he's not wrong. On the other hand, he's also the exact opposite of correct.
Treachery - betrayal, disloyalty, perfidy, perfidiousness, faithlessness, unfaithfulness, infidelity, bad faith, breach of trust, duplicity, deceit, deceitfulness, deception, false-heartedness, falseness, stab in the back, back-stabbing, double-dealing - #brexit
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics | The Guardian
#Brexit means No Brexit. That will be more obvious over the next month. It was always thus.
Nothing has changed. This was inevitable part of Brexit.
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor via
I think that brexit should not make YouTube creaters limited to what they can upload, as this can effect some people's income's and how people make money. It seems to me like everyone has gone a bit to far with this and should look again at what we are doing. #DontHinderContent
Yay happy days if he does #Brexit
Excellent article. Is the UK at last turning into a tough adversary on Brexit - or is it all just an accident? via
Wow! Breathtaking arrogance that this poisonous government continue with this charade of a deal.
Wherein and explain Brexit ... it does not end well.
BBC News - Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
How is Boris Johnson's speech to the DUP not all over the news??? We are being manipulated by remain bias 1% Fuck the EU!!! #Brexit #Leave #Remain
Resumen... Gibraltar is not spain... Fin... #SantEsteveDeLesRoures #FemXarxa #FemLaRepúblicaCatalana
Like your thinking.
This specific deal, and Brexit more broadly, leaves my plan to work overseas dead in the water - it does not work for "all of our people". You've ruined my future - again. Bigger picture, the way this government celebrates ending free movement makes me feel sick.
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
ALL seats now want #PeoplesVote! ALL!!! And Remain would win 56-44! Follow these steps to keep the pressure on: 1. WRITE TO YOUR MP - tell thrm you want them to vote against May’s deal and back #PeoplesVote 2. WRITE TO YOUR MP AGAIN 3. REPEAT Keep writing to your MP!
Foolish UK people who trusted a Remainer with negotiations.
I agree. What about 18 months later when whoever is in power needs all EU 27 members (any one of them can veto it) to agree to whatever trade deal they will be negotiating? If no FTA, it's roughly back to where we are now, heading to a WTO Brexit, but we sort of lose NI!
It’s ok though , for £2 per month Water Aid can supply a whole village with clean drinking water so I guess to cover the whole of the UK we’ll have to bung them an extra couple of quid
MPs looking at the press as if it is a barometer of public opinion will make a big mistake. May’s deal is a sellout &amp; betrayal. The Mail &amp; Express now out of touch with their readers. Many moving to The Telegraph. Can’t be long before Geordie Greig gets a knighthood? #Brexit
They have no idea what damage they are doing.
nobody even remembers what they were promised but like any brexit it was a load of bollox
Go hang yourself u cunt
And Gibraltar Believes May. ? #Brexit
Tony Blair on Brexit in The Sunday Times: “This is an artifice based on a misguided political fix I promise you we will all regret.”
Gerard Batty &amp; Tommy Robinson leading UKIP shows that they're now further to the right than Nick Griffin's BNP. Now on a par with The British Movement once led by the Nazi Colin Jordan. Don't forget that these fruitcakes tried to look respectable. They convinced so many to Brexit
Cit. Paul Joseph Watson (Youtube, brexit)
Next time anyone wants to invade a country, just bomb their water cleaning plants, if they have one and choke off any import routes! Utter nonsense of #ProjectFear tell us you are not that gullible #NoDeal #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #WetTories #MayMustGo
Britain (part of it) voted to leave the EU. Not Ireland, which will suffer as a result. Hardly surprising that Leo Varadkar is not disposed to help , the and assorted #Brextremists out of the mess they created
Why not back Mays deal? It's a compromise, its not hard brexit. There will be no healing with Remain. The only way we will move on and heal is with compromise
Hard not to come to this conclusion
Check out online the percentage of Tories in general, and English in particular, who think Scotland gaining independence is a sacrifice worth making if England gets Brexit
I think that brexit should not make YouTube creaters limited to what they can upload, as this can effect some people's income's and how people make money. It seems to me like everyone has gone a bit to far with this and should look again at what we are doing. #DontHinderContent
Hi It is time to call a halt. #Brexit
Not that it seems to be the route that is taking, but if it were, I’m sure she could have a preemptive reshuffle.
'No Deal' Brexit would soon wipe that smug look off his smarmy face....
This is Remainers Brexit not a Leavers Brexit, ask he’s said leavers can’t be allowed to win, under no circumstances help with WTO Brexit would resign first with Rudd, Gauke, &amp; 2 others in cabinet can’t wait, Remainers have sunk UK.
Britain used to rule an empire. Now it's being destroyed from within. Sad to watch. #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Brexit will not occur
The idea a Tory would ever focus on what matters to people is so much crap
You've been in power for 8 years. Brexit, which is a Tory creation, is two years old. I just don't trust you.
Please do
A Brexit Compromise Nobody Likes: What Could Be More English?
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
Not forgetting the disaster socialist circling like vultures to pick the bones through the brexit chaos
Brexit latest news: Britain accused of caving in over Gibraltar - live updates via
WOW NI and Gib both betrayed. May has absolutely no scruples. This is atrocious. It time to stop this madness #GTTO
Raab on Monday: I assure you we will have solutions to avoid a hard border Raab on Tuesday: I assure you what I said yesterday isn’t legally binding
#Gibraltar Don't use The Rock as a bargaining chip for #Brexit
Could we not just send the serjeant-at-arms round
Refugees don't make people racist enough to embrace far-right populism. Decades of demonization make people racist. The refugee crisis just created an environment where that racism could bubble to the surface. The solution isn't to stop providing refuge, but to fight that racism.
Cat among the pidgeons?
Brexit represents the minority, not the 'will of the people' - The Independent
Translation - May tells the public: you are all way below me so do as I demand and unite behind me on Brexit deal - and stop thinking about the people, like you, in Gibraltar - they will never be more important than ME - so, do as I tell you and stop this disobedience …..
Not insuring for high liklihood events is the opposite of intelligence...
I increasingly am of the opinion that Theresa May has mental health issues. In her letter to all of us she says that after...
BREAKING NEWS: You won't be able to fall in love and start a family with anyone living in the EU after Brexit. Do Brexiteers realise what they've done? To top it all off, caviar and brie prices are already through the roof. When will this madness end? We need a People's Vote now!
Fuck off you Donkey fucks.
"just pull it"? How and if that's possible is still an open question (IIUC)
Anger. You twerps increase it everyday. ................
2 This deal will not last beyond April before it is torn apart by elements in the Tory Party, at which point UK will be in a much weaker negotiating position and calls for a suicidal clean #Brexit will be louder and more powerful.
Has Hammond not noticed UK politics utterly debilitated after 2 yrs of chaotic damaging Brexit politics?
All I want for Christmas is EU
Will this ever become a reality. We are in desperate need for a Brexit PM who, knowing that: Parliament agreed vote is binding, Parliament triggered A.50 to get us out, will simply take us OUT. The mandate for this was settled.
There's no way I could ever back 's Brexit deal. It has holes and lies in it and leaves us worse off than we are now. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #FinalSayForAll #OptionToRemain
My is up to all sorts of shenanigans - it physically repulses me as UK electorate voted on basis of governing ourselves within our own borders - not interfering in so many foreign countries to mention/ Couldnt even deliver or Brexit without betrayal
UK never had a clue what Brexit was about. Gibraltar? Irish border? Huh? Referendum was done while sleepwalking. It took UK people 29 months to gradually discover. Slow learners. Gibraltar is an absurdity, a relic of the past.
Brilliant!
Like Brexit with sequins
If Corbyn gave a stuff he would be voting against Brexit at every chance - he would be shouting about the illegality of the referendum from the rooftops, he would be campaigning for a Peoples Vote, but even now he supports Brexit even though he knows people are likely to die.
Look at Brexit. explains so much.
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
History is due to tag you as one of the worst prime ministers ever due to ‘your’ Brexit. What you are stating in this video is the exact opposite of what you are accused of actually doing, otherwise why would so many be up in arms about it? Are you an out &amp; out liar as well?
Bin Brexit first, then have a general election. My guess is another hung parliament because all the main parties are in disarray and the voters are pissed off with the lot of them. A plague on both (all) your houses
Historically i tend to think May is right, and Sanchez got nothing. Like i noted from the El Nacional article.
“Before and right after the referendum, the talk was Frexit, Nexit, Czexit. It all stopped very quickly. In France, Marine Le Pen wanted to leave the EU, then the euro, now she wants to leave neither. No one wants to.” by on
Watch developments related to Brexit, Cambridge Analytica, Bannon and Mercer - they have always been a harbinger for the 2016 election.
a third : the idea that it should be Ireland's role to be "helpful" in the context of the hostile act that is brexit ..
I still find ‘the elephant chart’ by Branco Milanovic the most compelling single signal ”the era of globalisation seemed to offer little to the people in the middle. A decile of discontent, squeezed between plutocrats &amp; Asia’s middle class. “Cue Trump. Cue nationalism.Cue Brexit”
Anything that stuffs Banks is good. But where are you when it comes to Corbyn's position on Brexit? He's clearly not averse to it.
what you did was to quote only part of his comments which suited your Brexit case &amp; omitted the parts that didn't suit. I accuse you of deliberately attempting to mislead the public. Then truth, honesty &amp; facts have consistently been ignored by the brexit camp
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to nation
You can talk ‘til you’re blu’ in the face; but I think on this occasion the majority are becoming “ blue in the face” &amp; fraught with exasperation coming from political ignorance of practicality and reality. The majority of the north cannot b held in economic doldrum ad infinitum
Neither will be successfully next time. Your friends the Muslim brother Hood will come close as you know my slippery friend.
If Brexit goes wrong and our economy crashes will you be okay financially Kate?
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
Watch "What Happens if MPs Reject May's Brexit Deal? - Brexit Explained" on YouTube | Time is running out, but politicians will have to be held to account in the aftermath.
Let the good times roll #Brexit #BrainDamge To much now .......to much
Funny how Diane Abbott seems to have a magic crystal ball that tells her the result of the #PeoplesVote before the people have voted.
Oh don't be such an old misery guts! We'll be fine. My dream is that we make such a success of #Brexit that every sector of society benefits and we can start to come together and heal the wounds of the last few years.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
All this from a government which has been unable to negotiate a proper Brexit?!? You're havin' a laffffff!
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
"If you say to a border force officer that Britain will have more secure borders after the referendum, he'll probably collapse with laughter". #Brexit falsehoods Nº3420 Brexit won't in fact reduce the level of illegal immigration
No that is bullshit... Brexit that leavers wanted is not the shower of shit she's delt.. A no deal is what I wanted and if you speak to leavers which you probably don't.. Most would agree that no deal is the way they voted.
Agree on need for #WelfareRebellion. #UniversalCredit worse than Poll Tax. But this time tories are getting away with wholesale onslaught on working class people with absolutely no opposition of substance, either inside parliament or out. National Demo against UC is a must start
Alec - bring on the next election - not so sure you are safe supporting this failed faux #Brexit policy.
My personal favourite is when English people forget I'm Irish and get excited about Brexit when they're talking to me Like mate nah
#Brexit You can fool some of the people all of the time, but you can not fool all of the people some of the time #PeoplesVote
Am sorry that you have brought UK to this - as a Tory voter I expected you to honour Brexit as promised - I also expected you to be honest. You have done neither with this dog’s dinner of a deal &amp; now this risible letter. Am sickened!
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
It is very tempting for brexiteers to gloat and say the remainders have been subverting the true course of brexit because what you asked for hasn't been attempted. But you haven't asked for anything other than brexit and no body knows what brexit is, least of all you.
Not just drinking water, all water. Brexit has caused a spike in global warming. The drought will deprive UK news media access to good quality throwing mud.
Theresa May gives in to Spain’s Brexit veto threat over Gibraltar as deal to leave EU set to be signed off tomorrow
on this unworthy stage
Whilst nothing would surprise me, The Independent is completely hysterical when it comes to Brexit. It takes the same journalistic approach as the Daily Express does to winter weather.
BREXIT Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May.
OK. Perhaps then we can get a decent chancellor
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Funny, that's not how the BBC reported it......
Let's just invade spain?
Robert Peston tells ITV News: ‘For the first time it feels like Brexit will be stopped' | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
Brexit betrayal march. UKIP event, London, Sunday 9th December. Be there or be square. #TradFuture
Your CV ...................
Brexit is a disaster for the Falklands, who our lads died to recover after Maggie fucked it all up Tories are utter, utter tw
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
Will not this women ditch the and go it alone with a minority government? must be removed!!!! Giving Spain a foothold into Gibraltar is treason...#brexit
How Gibraltar almost stopped a Brexit deal
May issues Brexit statement
I think theresa has gone too far through the looking glass.... My deal satisfies both sides...both those that wanted brexit and those that wanted to remain... Ah...i see said the mad hatter..
Why wouldn't we? It's preposterously pointless.
He ought to get life, surely this is treason as well, given that funding from a hostile power is involved. comment?
Personally I'm glad he's changed his mind. A .50 rifle is just the thing to go with my assault rifle, mortar, and Tesla flame-thrower. You can't be too careful these days with Brexit looming close. (LoL).
I wonder if there will be any unused warehouses for those meetings with selected audiences to take place. Apparently most of the UK Warehouse space is now gone due to companies over stocking for a cliff edge brexit.Oh the irony!
Evidently not. As said in a documentary the other night, he expects it to have minimal impact on relations in Pakistan. I was surprised to hear we have no pressed the British government for more clarification on Brexit!
Well. I’ve been extremely angry since the Referendum. It’s not abated. It never will. It’s going to be like this until they stop this shit. I hope the govt understands what it will be like: with these millions of furious, disaffected people. Brexit is the enemy of productivity.
#Brexit: the gift that keeps on giving.
You know as well as I do that no form of Brexit is "for the good of our United Kingdom and all our people". Your own assessments show this. You are "honouring" a result that was gained through lies and false promises. Give us a #FinalSay.
I suggest you read this article.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation #TrendingNow #News #Trending
RT RT RT FOLLOWERS OF TRUTH AGAINST PERSICUTION. .. #ezekiel2517 TRUMP AFTER BREXIT SAID TAT WE TOOK OUR COUNTRY BACK..NOW HE SAYS EU WILL COME B4 UK BCOZ OF BREXIT..FORGOTTEN
Brexit: oh, yeah we forgot about Gibraltar
If we can’t stop #Brexit in time, then we will indeed put aside the label of Remain ... and take up the new label of Rejoin.
Read the comments.
After Brexit, you will still be able to use your Monzo card while traveling abroad - that includes in France!
Tell me again why the British fought WWII-&gt; From this side of the Atlantic, May's Brexit plan looks like Remain w/ payment of a huge tribute demanded from UK taxpayers, a perpetual loss of soveignty and individual freedom to Brussels, and the loss of any right to Brexit forever.
Funnily enough, my Dutch partner is really excited about Brexit...and last time I checked I would still be able to go to the Netherlands? We aren't banned from EU countries
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the...
Please stop calling me out. It's nonsense #brexit
Already read those but with respect both sources have proved unreliable during Brexit. It’s the agreement that counts and this is “highly positive for SPAIN” according to the Spanish foreign minister tonight
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Northern Ireland?....or Gibraltar? - one of them is going to get sacrificed for Brexit! - France will steam in soon with a claim on the Channel Islands!
Theresa May &amp; Remainers have never understood what Brexit was about. There are no compromises on Independence, Brexit wasn't about transient economics it was about WHO GOVERNS BRITAIN, the clue was Take Back Control, the anger in the country is palpable. 17.4M people Betrayed.
She has Promised some sort of deal behind closed doors and a deal after Brexit on Gibralter! You should be aware that the Conservative continually U turn on any promises or deals here in the UK, what do you think the outcome will be after Sunday with Spain?
Surely I’m not the only person who doesn’t support any party anymore... #BackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit #Oops
Cannot bear to read it! It will be full of lies, half truths that she believes we are that stupid to believe. The truth is she sold out country out!
Now that would be good news
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
We are you going punish . for not getting rid of you. This is not #brexit.
I can't even be bothered to read the lies anymore &amp; I never want to hear her voice again. #BrexitBetrayal
All the more reason for a complete break from the EU, put in place a true Brexit gov that can steer UK into WTO and honestly manage the £100bn saved not paying a cent to eu, to cut taxes, corporation taxes,vat etc to gain trading biz advantage , then see EU paying for deal!
Foster does not represent the nat interest She’s from a nasty little fundamentalist sect mired in sectarian politics Brexit in NI paid by foreign £ Bribed to vote by May they now renege How dare you try to impose this on the rest of us The brexit jackboot
Might's 'coronary heart and soul' letter to the nation forward of Brexit summit |
Absolutely fantastic sample size
I read your letter, if I could believe what it says, I would be over the moon. If this deal delievers Brexit why then have so many good people resigned? I trusted David Davies, but he could not agree to this deal. You have just given in to the EU bullying. Shame on you.
Quick, Black Friday weekend sale... will give away anything is it stops her Brexit deal from falling over:
Tommy Robinson =/= Leave. What the hell are you people doing?
Government accused of massaging immigration statistics in run up to Brexit vote' | via
Beg all she likes we will never unite behind brexit hers or anyone else's
Pleads sure stay out of the uk Just write resignation letter Prime Minister pleads for people to back her Brexit in letter via
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
There are 63 replies to this tweet. I read all of them. Not one of them shares your perspective and even more bizarrely some of the responders appear to have actually spoken with you today. Odd that. #brexit
Angels in #Haltwistle today where most people want a #peoplesvote Brexit is not going well...
So what if he would be crucified - that is his f*cking job - to stand up against the MSM - and say those things that no one wants to hear. He needs to be shouting how Brexit will make the poor poorer - and not refusing to publicly say that Brexit will make the UK worse off.
She's a liar liar liar....
Yes. With the complicity of some MPs, including Brexiteers, who are still hesitating to put the letter of no confidence in. #MayMustGO before she does even more damage.
LIES LIES &amp; MORE LIES, DON’T TRUST THIS DEVIOUS LIAR
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
Well that's a shame because the EU aren't going to negotiate another deal &amp; according to Grieve 'no deal' is illegal, so remaining is the only option that satisfies the DUP
As Others See Us: new Radio 4 series reveals world's opinion of UK
News blackout by Did ‘suggest’ they look elsewhere for #TheNews It’s amazing how #European we can be with #Brexit and suchlike but parochial when it comes to #ECB #France #Italy and other important #European issues. Thanks #JonathanSugarman
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
I don't trust them either. The point being that Hillary is not swearing allegiance to law &amp; order. She is explaining how white people get bamboozled by the far right extremists. What happened here is not an isolated incident. It's tied in to Brexit-UK, Brazil, NATO &amp; Putin.
This animation is amazing.
So you’re happy to omit the First Ministers of the devolved parliaments. Shame on you. Brexit concerns the whole of the U.K. not just England.
Actually I haven’t a problem with this.
Brexit is battle of ideas on who has the best ideas to knock out the opponent. Please read an article titled Ideas on the link below. Search for it on the top right hand corner of the search panel. Very relevant to our current status quo
And may was a remainer, I think the UK needs to stop #Brexit and do some Electoral reform.
Time until BREXIT is 124 days, 22 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Worst prime minister in a 100 years that’s some title after Cameroon , Bliar , Major Currie &amp; Brownie
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor via
Wouldn’t that be an early Christmas present?
There are 2987 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 2987 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
Brexit is 2999 hours away. #brexit
This PM had a track record of defeat in the courts before becoming PM and has continued to perform badly since.
Gibraltar..run! Save yourself ..
We need an untimely brexit, not a strong brexit!
#NoDeal #Brexit #WTO and no payment of $39bn
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
Theresa May’s ‘heart and soul’ letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
I think the last person to try this sort of schtick was Henry Collingridge - at least he was fictional!
"[JC] and the far left spent their lives accusing Labour governments of betrayal, yet are ready to back a Brexit that will betray the poorest people and poorest regions in Britain. But if you haven’t clocked their political bankruptcy yet, you never will."
EU Council already operates with QMV. Plenty of countries including UK are against the veto being removed. EU is not having a standing army but organising alongside NATO a multinational defence capability. Brexiters held the key posts on #Brexit since the Ref.
No, thank you.
forsaken brexit
It’s definitely been a coordinated worldwide coup
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - Mister Maker Doodle Drawers Bumper Craft Kit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
there will be no 'no deal' brexit that is one of the few things that is clear, parliament will never agree that level of self-harm
Trish you might consider a few things which get dissed about Nick Clegg consider that since his Student Fees debacle everything has been to undermine him for this at every occasion, it is not as if Brexit isnt a disaster for the nation or the the War in Iraq did not Kill and maim
IRON MAIDEN's BRUCE DICKINSON: Why I Voted For Brexit
May's can-kicking Brexit agreement faces likely defeat in Parliament, argues :
Fuck you, fuck your shitty deal and fuck Brexit. The campaign built on lies and made up stories. The ONLY people to benefit from this shit show are disaster capitalists. #NotBuyingIt #StopBrexit
#ParisRiots : Paris is burning, almost 30,000 people out on the streets protesting against high fuel prices &amp; cost of loving ! " Govt is robbing us " say citizens #Brexit bully Macron very unpopular !
The Mail on Sunday. Insurer unveils personal finance Brexit fallout plan to 'take back control' of finances via
Brexit will get them as they have to sell at least 4 of their best players....
He’s revolting. But the bigger concern is those who support him. America has a massive problem with racism, as we do here as Brexit won. But the issues are different. Our racists don’t want new people, yours hate those born there. It’s heartbreaking either way.
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - Studio Easel Artist Art Craft Display For Drawing Board Artist Sketching
This is why in GEs parties release huge manifestos of policies and have an agreed programme. Brexit has none of that. It is vaguer than vague.
But Britain will be in control of its own destiny, responsible for children's health getting worse, young people' s prospects decaying, older people suffering. Everyone POORER. Sic a paircel o'rogues in a nation.
Maybe you’re right, I want Brexit to happen, but any number of amendments could force the government to extend A50 (the EU would agree to that) and that worries me that it’ll give MPs time to bend the government’s arm on a second ref. What choice would they have a deal rejected?
IRON MAIDEN's BRUCE DICKINSON: Why I Voted For Brexit has been published on - America's Pure Rock -
I’m a citizen of nowhere, according to you, . You can beg all you like, but I will ignore you, just as you have ignored everyone but the 17.4m people who voted for Brexit, ever since the referendum. You reap what you sow, Theresa.
How Gibraltar almost stopped a Brexit deal
The scheming #Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all: - The scheming Brexit… #Brexit #Politics
Matthew Herbert Sets The EU To Music With His #Brexit Big Band: - Matthew Herbert Sets The EU To… #Brexit #Politics
Government accused of massaging immigration statistics in run up to #Brexit vote: - Government… #Brexit #Politics
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' #Brexit minister: - Boris Johnson, sniping at… #Brexit #Politics
Ending free movement is the most sacred of May's red lines, it's the first thing she references... This is because she believes it's the key thing brexit supporters want to hear. It trumps the economy for her. It's more important than our national standing, our strength.
Why Theresa May's #Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The UK: - Why Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is… #Brexit #Politics
Good analogy for the effect of Brexit on the territorial integrity of the UK!
Brexit: Tusk says he will recommend approving deal on Sunday #forexnews
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Mrs May will do anything to continue as PM. She’s happy to shaft the UK by: pushing a damaging Brexit (she doesn’t believe in it), calling an election (&amp; losing a majority), gifting the DUP £1bn, giving away Gibraltar and giving knighthoods to MPs #Peoplesvote #BackTheBrexitDeal
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
Theresa May pens open letter to the nation imploring public to back her Brexit deal
Good riddance.
We don't want Brexshit anyway so you would make more friends by calling the whole thing off.
Boris Johnson woos DUP with call to 'junk' #Brexit backstop: - Boris Johnson woos DUP with call… #Brexit #Politics
That's gr8. But I'll tell you this. There's a #Brexit vote coming in the Commons and on that day the people should be heard crying: "The beacons are lit. Across Britain they are lit against this so-called deal. Any MP voting for it will be voted out at the election."
Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' #Brexit minister: - Boris Johnson, sniping at… #Brexit #Politics
I despair! Can someone find another job for where she can use her undoubted gifts.
. : "The men who led us into this crisis refused to think through what they were doing. It wasn’t so much that they were never honest with the country about #Brexit. It was that they could never be honest with themselves." #UK
#May’s #Brexitdeal has serious disadvantages for the #UK. We will have to obey #EU laws &amp; regs with no say, have to pay a £39bn billion #Brexit we don’t owe &amp; will be stuck in a #customsunion forever. This deal is a humiliation &amp; a prison for the UK. May &amp; deal must be chucked!
Also a Brexit impact, another thing he fervently supports
But this also ignores the people in other EU countries that want to leave the EU. Part of the reason there is concern about Brexit is because it might start a domino affect and other countries will feel able to hold a vote.
Every member of that cabinet is a traitor to Brexit and our democracy. Disgusting.
Obviously her next Job is Presidential, as promised by her EU bosses. Selling out UK is easy for her.
Great wee fillum
Matthew Herbert Sets The EU To Music With His Brexit Big Band #remain
The latest Mental Aikido -- Verum Petitor! Thanks to #conservative #brexit
You are wasting your time and your life. The original vote had no formal mandate and it was advisory. On further inspection, given the reality of #Brexit as it stands and the information available, you continue to persue what the nation no longer wants. Retire
Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
Brexit: Spain agrees to Gibraltar deal, clearing path for withdrawal agreement - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
True, but I've been led to believe that the poorest happily voted for #Brexit, so they probably had no interest in making a life for themselves in Europe anyway, just as they were massively against foreigners coming to the UK and jumping the imaginary queues. #brexit
This really is the point. And it is the Tory party -that party of British colonialism- which has done it. Hard to overstate how humiliating it is.
TRAITOROUS BITCH SHE HAS SOLD US ALL OUT EVEN THE REMAINERS, SHE HAS BETRAYED NOT ONLY THE BRITISH PEOPLE BUT ALSO THE POSITION WHICH SHE HOLDS.
Brilliant!
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
A short way of saying BREXIT that sone people prolongate at the frustration of many !!
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Brexit Jam
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
There are 63 replies to this tweet. I read all of them. Not one of them shares your perspective and even more bizarrely some of the responders appear to have actually spoken with you today. Odd that. #brexit
BBCNEWS 4:00pm BREXIT SUMMIT PARIS FUEL PRICE PROTEST
‘If being adult means giving in to blackmail, count me in with the kids’: Remainers must reject May’s Brexit deal | Comment | The Times
GDPR and Brexit will impact #international shipping in a variety of ways. Learn more by watching this on-demand #webinar.
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's #Brexit 'letter to the nation'
I like this video but it reaches the wrong conclusion entirely. By its own reasoning we need an infinite number of referenda. Or...we can elect politicians to devote their time to working these things out for us. They’ve been told the destination. They have to find the best path.
I bet not one will have supported the vote leave campaign.
. . Mad as a hatter. #Brexit
EU Law Analysis: The Brexit Withdrawal Agreement: Overview and First Observations
Oh I do hope so, this bloke has mis informed on an industrial scale.
Under 3000 hours!
On purpose, after they where denied a Brexit Referendum, in 2014... I truly believe those who had they're own motive's, created a bad image to blame the EU partnership and it's citizen's, because they couldn't get away with injustices under EU laws.
Theresa May's reached her ambition to be PM, tired now she wants out. She doesn't have a particularly bright mind &amp; has been put there b/c of her bigoted xenophobia; the theme used to sell Brexit. She'll resign as soon as the deal's done. Unfortunately Boris might take her place.
#BSG Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Ahh, yes. The ‘serious role’ of Nala. Among the most distinguished acting parts of (dare I say?) the ENTIRE 20th century. Reserved for only the finest dramatic actresses like... *checks notes*... Moira Kelly. GTFO guy. Brexit stage right.
As an indian i'm well aware of the history of #britishindia, i have heard stories of #british accomplishment On a postive note acquiring &amp;ruling a country isnt easy, but this foolish decision makes me doubtful. hates immigrants &amp; ready to put country at stake #Brexit
#BackTheBrexitDeal No thanks
Worst thing about the 'Russian Brexit' thing is how it's deflected so much attention away from Brexit's real driving force: Murdoch. I am fine with minor players like Putin, banks etc. being investigated. Not so fine with the Murdoch Machine effectively getting a free pass.
Please see this&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Cambridge professor of public law's response to this website: &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Part 1, Talk about BEGGING on Bended Knee, but just Remember Everyone that EVERY UK POLITICAL PARTY From The Green Party to The SNP's including Many of her Own Party have said what she has Negotiated in the BREXIT Deal is NOT in the Best Interests of the UK Population
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Dear Labour Party, let me ask you this question : if Brexit was a Conservative policy voted for by the people by way of a general election, would you seriously not want to reverse it if you came to power?
Tusk to recommend approval of Brexit negotiations outcome
And STILL claiming she is delivering my will. Do you think she will every understand that this country will Never unite around brexit? Is she willfully blocking out the 48%?
It's probably nothing but perhaps this may be of interest to the alleged impartial "National Broadcaster"? #BrexitChaos #BBCbias
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
I knew she was going to give Gibraltar, she would even kill her own mother as long the UK stays in the EU.
I’ve never been in the habit of pursuing vengeance but I’ll gladly make an exception for all the political criminals responsible for #Brexit. I sincerely hope all the liars &amp; self-serving charlatans will be held to account when all this is over.
‘Old Hat’ - we’ve done the fuel thingie now we are dedicated to Brexit as a whinge
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal: Theresa May meets top EU officials in Brussels as Spain withdraws its objections to the deal.
Latest News Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to EU
Femi goes to northern towns to speak to people about brexit all on his own the amount of work he does is phenomenal
Holyhead on Brexit: ‘When will people wake the f**k up?’ via
You're missing the point Peter. If you're a supporter of brexit &amp; live in France, that's quite idiotic.
Is the UK at last turning into a tough adversary on Brexit - or is it all just an accident? via
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
If you’re a Graphic Designer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
Mine is definitely the dude living his own life, perfectly content without iTunes, an opinion on Brexit and especially Pat Robertson’s learjet fundraising calls who threw a spear to keep it that way. Leave them alone..
Just how stupid do this lot think we are?
Er, no thanks. #Resign
Damn. I meant to retweet the 3,000 hour mark with a witty comment...
Bye bye , lose the door on the way out...#Brexit
Could this be the greatest Christmas gift ever?
So how serious is this? High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
The Irish ambassador May 2016
Excellent thread. If you're bored of Brexit, skip to tweet 10
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Fack orfffffff!! #ToriesOut #GeneralElectionNow
I suspect over 30 million would probably vote to remain on old EU deal #PeoplesVote and as for the conservatives they will be humiliated in next election, for breaking that promise Theresa may will be forced out UK can then rebuild the uk #Brexit #UniversalCredit
Yes, We we will unite behind your deal if you put it to a #PeoplesVote and a majority of us vote for it. Only then.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal
Then he needs to ensure a proper choice, not merely May’s deal or no deal. There needs to be at least a remain option and perhaps even a Norway option.
And even more oddly claim that ‘the money men who don’t want out cos the money is easier to hide’ is exactly the opposite of what the EU want to do, there is an argument (based on logic so you won’t be interested) that the EU going after tax havens is what has driven Brexit
They always "know what's best for us". That's their job, they're the political elite... Hogwash! #PeoplesVote #Remainontheballot
Waiting for Cornwall to break away!!
(BBC News):#Newspaper headlines: #Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' : Many of Sunday newspapers focus on Brexit and in particular Theresa May's direct plea to the public. ..
#Spain backs down after the #UK threatens to block the #Spexit withdrawal agreement over La Isla de Wight. #Brexit #Gibraltar #Solent
Stories like this make Leavers even more determined to push Brexit through. Sterling work.
A #WTOBrexit gets better and better
Billon pound £ to whoever can solve this....... #DUP #DUP18 #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BritsOut
The only good #Brexit is #NoBrexit. Let's have a #PeoplesVote and #ExitfromBrexit
(Reuters):#Save our Brexit: May urges #UK public to back her in letter to the nation : Prime Minister Theresa May made a dramatic direct appeal to the British public to support her deal to exit the European Union on Sunday even as backing from her ..
*We attack at dawn*
Don’t worry. His fall is coming
Hang on a second #Brexit at-all-costs supporters kept repeating everything that #Remainers said was project fear (and therefore not to be believed), yet now you're saying that everything was to be believed?! Which is it? This #BrexitChaos is a total shit-show. Own it
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
Listen to this podcast...it's chilling but prescient. The same traitorous position as in 1940 as we tried to appease and pacify. Except we have no Churchill.
bloody wigh you was negotiating our Brexit ,dont suppose us brits could come over to the us couild we?
Worse than Thatcher, I never thought I would ever write or think this. Appalling self serving ‘politician’ #TheresaMay #brexit
I hate Brexit. I hate Coybyn.
At many stages in British history, 'rulers' who attempted this kind of thing would have been tried for treason and executed. All we are demanding is a #PeoplesVote and a #GeneralElection
And Scotland.
to bring forth so great an object
Invoice Clark’s could have done better deal than her and her side kick Olly Robins
Bye bye , close the door on the way out #Brexit
I wish I understood Brexit better. I'm content that I was well enough informed and rational when I voted, and I would still now vote as I did - but am I socially irresponsible in trusting the politicians to make the decisions? Second vote? I just don't know
Has Christmas come early?...
While everyone else is arguing about Brexit, I notice that Radio 2 still prefer to ignore a music genre that, well, tends to be sung by non white artists....
That moment 13.5 million Tory voters and 17 million Brexit voters, realise they voted to lose Gibraltar and the Falklands Islands to Spain and Argentina, having used the made up threat of it as a way of attacking Corbyn.
The Brexit Irish border dispute explained
After #Brexit you won't be able to: Think about any EU country Eat Swiss cheese Drive a Peugeot Look at any foreign human being Ever again. #TrueStory
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Merkel is going to leave long before Ireland does. Frankly I have no issue with Germany or France. It's those in the U.K. however who have to die for Germany and France because of NATO. Brexit or Not. Ireland isn't in NATO and we've a triple lock to keep us out of it!
Me too Mark. I hate the division that Brexit has caused. I am unable however to forsake the very principles on which this country is based for mere convenience.
We don’t want your letter and we don’t your deal. We want Brexit.
there is no 'right' brexit. it is a choice between causing a good deal of harm to the uk or a vast amount. the solution is don't leave, it's a lemmings choice
Absolutely
Dear Theresa: NO. Not as long as there is the faintest hope that the British people may get the chance to have a DEMOCRATIC vote on Brexit to see whether we still want it now we actually know the score.
Well, the court decision could to be overturned, or would it be "out of time" to attempt to do so :-) And were the decision overturned, the case would be open again ?
And Mrs May lost all credibility 427 hours ago
He wanted Brexit along with Farage, but neither one of them wanted to be Prime minister because they knew it was going to be disaster for the person elected Prime minister to pull it off. Now they are like vultures for PM May's job.
I'm #English &amp; want the Scots to stay with us BUT you're 100% right about the #Conservative's &amp; fishing. #GeoffreyRippon gave away our fishing rights at the v last minute in 1971 &amp; they've been treacherous on the #EU ever since. I'm for a clean #Brexit that'll hand back our fish
You really think that manifesto or any other policy decision (e.g. #IHRA #openselection, #Brexit ) is his decision alone to make FFS... he can't even get an anti-Trident policy through thje #RedToryPLP Don't be ridiculous.. didn't you pay attention to the conference?
The only sane thing to do is to bin Brexit.
In one mighty treacherous leap....Theresa May has humiliated and broken up Britain......destroyed the economy, made the Conservatives un electable, and chucked the keys to number 10 to a bunch of corrupt communists....... What a girl!....
Gender Equal Police Need Public Assistance Also, disband the ATF, NSA, EU, and UN! Repeal the National Firearms Act and all other gun control! #MAGA #Brexit #GamerGate #SpyGate #Corruption
The problem with referenda (referendums?) is that it amounts to legislation by mob rule. Same for Taiwan (gay marriage) UK (Brexit) and México (cancellation of Airport in Mexico City. They are highly politicized, never required by law and they replace the legislative bodies! WTF?
He'll just kick their arses into the middle of next week... hehe
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Well articulated reasons from why this deal isn’t right for Britain.
At your local #Weatherspoons #Wolverhampton #Brexit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
This illustrates perfectly what is meant by the expression, “perfidious Albion”. They screwed the Commonwealth when they joined Europe; they are willing to screw Gibraltar as they leave. via
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Hear hear !
3. One of the give aways in your spiel is the ‘control our borders’ line: more than half our immigration is ex EU and no government has sought to cut it, neither have we used existing powers to cut EU immigration. We don’t need #Brexit to change this.
Depends. If May is replaced by someone half competent you'd call an election on getting a proper Brexit and take quite a few seats off Labour in the north.
We are talking about it now. We weren’t a couple of years ago. Right? That’s good. You can always go hard Brexit and negotiate the WTO with the veto power of Argentina. Not sure they’re as diplomatic or reasonable though.
T.May as let 17+m Leave voters down big time. The Cons are finished unless she resigns. T.May your not wanted, just go. Will Theresa May resign and how will Brexit be affected by the resignations?
2/ He could have seen that he was effecting the Lib Dems and the personal abuse used to deflect by both Tory and Labour Someone offers a job with great salary and Family in a brilliant setting it is a no brainer Nick is a family man after all the shit why should he stay in Brexit
They'll fit in very nicely. Most of us Scots detest the Tories, think Brexit is an appalling idea, and think Corbyn is still living in the 1970s.
Not sure , New FB lobbyist in chief wont regret soon former politician’s skirmishs and #brexit mess... SCOOP : Parliament seizes cache of internal papers
BBC News - Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation' tell me why I should trust Mrs My .. she May or she May not!
Hope it doesn't eventuate!
ps TM............................... A natch for TM, she's thick as pig sht.
I didn't vote for the remain type of brexit though.
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
No lets have Brexit have the backstop but convince EU to let NI keep it's MEPs. Let NI have an advantage over GB for once.
Begging is never a good look, especially in a Prime Minister but then, supplication is her default position. Brexit, and her determination to stop it, has driven her to somehow believing that she can appeal over the heads of MPs. It's an impotent ploy and it won't even register.
And he's bloody righg
GIVE US YOUR COUNTRIES, GIVE US POWER OVER YOU, STOP RESISTING, STOP FIGHTING US, WE NEED TO OWN YOU, GIVE IN TO US, GET ON YOUR KNEES AND GROVEL FOR TINY AMOUNTS OF SELF RESPECT.....errrrr I'm going to go with...... NO FCK OFF... anyone else...?
I mean if the shock is Brexit is cancelled then I'm here for it, otherwise no thank you
The limits to DUP strategy regarding Brexit now being laid bare
At least she has a deal. The opposition Labour leader Jeremy "Hezbollah" Corbyn doesn't have one and loves Brexit.
It’s almost as if Brexit was a bad idea.
HAMISH MCRAE: Brexit? We started it 15 years ago
Brexit bankroller Arron Banks, Cambridge Analytica and Steve Bannon – explosive emails reveal fresh links | openDemocracy
WHAT DEAL ? ..................Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
GET #RID of this #TRAITOR!NOW!#TheresaMay #HotelCalifornia! #STITCHEDup by our #OWN #PM!#Democracy is #DEAD #HARDBREXIT #BREXIT! 175 pages of #NorthernIrish #Backstop #TREASON!#NoDEAL Should be called the #Whole #UK #Permanent #Lockin protocol with #Extra #LockIn for #NI #DUP
Worth reading this excellent thread - with the facts about Mrs May’s awful deal in plain English. Well done and .
I was right lies, lies, lies. Does she really expect us to believe we will accept this sell out out of our country to the lowest bidder, Go to the EU you are a traitor!
I'll unite behind 's resignation, or whatever form the end of her political career might take. Not only will I unite behind it, I will bake a cake and hang bunting. I will NOT unite behind a PM who touts flushing a bunch of my rights away as a political triumph.
Brexit's uncertainty is leading to an exodus of EU students via
Brexit is such a bad idea - Western Europe must remain unified!
No In her speech on the deal outside no. 10 May stated three choices, her deal, no deal or not Brexit at all (i.e. Remain) not two.
.Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said it was "26 pages of waffle," and MPs from all sides lined up to criticize it. -- Boris Johnson, the former foreign secretary who resigned from May's Cabinet over her plans, said it "makes a complete nonsense of Brexit."
Wow what an incentive. Please...
Hi Luciana, A people’s vote might but the Brexit issue to bed (this won’t happen with May in power), but it solves none of the other issues the country is dying because of—the ones the U.N. highlighted no less. A general election is the only option.
Lots of people may be fooled by and but not #RoccoForte, businessman and entrepreneur. Thank God there are still Tories around who see and speak the truth and put their money where their mouth is. via
What, we can’t have any fun in politics without Brexit?
If May wanted to remain she wouldn’t have submitted A50- and Davis, Leadsom, Gove and Johnson could have forced May’s Brexit if they’d wanted to but they realised it was a lost cause- she hadn’t had the wit to admit it yet... Rees-Mogg and Farage are just sock puppets for ERG.
We outsourced our trade negotiations to the EU, so we retrained civil servants paid them 40k/annum and sent them into negotiate with the most experienced negotiating team in the world with no clear unified vision of what brexit was. I'm just surprised that you seem surprised.
UK is fighting a wrong battle lost in advance... Rather focus on their brexit than pursuing Russia who is focused on their economic development and diplomatic supremacy around the globe
Don't forget, this group are funded by US agricultural industry lobbyists. Oh sorry, was that supposed to be a secret?
A bad Brexit deal but with no alternative, says Voice of the Sunday Mirror …
Erm that will be a big fat no!
Reminds me of when someone tries to talk about Brexit in a positive way on the #BBC, immediately shouted down and told they are insane.
Shut the door on the way out
Tony #Blair has a an amazing gift of explaining very complex issues in easily understandable language. Currently, he is the most eloquent in the whole #Brexit debate #PeoplesVote
This is the best way to understand Theresa May's approach to #Brexit
Please tweet what comes of the Brexit
Brexit is teaching Britain its true place in the world via
We will not unite over a fraudulent criminal referendum, especially when could be part of the cover-up
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
“Tomorrow’s world is here, now, for a country that looks at its past going forward, leading the togetherness charge first.” #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Nah. Too busy locking up innocent researchers. Still got civilians in Yemen to bomb. Perhaps they'll get round to #Brexit but they're busy with human rights abuse. Oh and Catalonia.
Sorry but brexit is a massive surrender of sovereignty. You won. Get used to the humiliation you voted for..
Off you go....
Oh look, some more "If we had done it MY way, it would have been great, but since we are not doing it MY way, it is not worth doing &amp; may actually be bad." Too bad for the people tricked into voting for this debacle. The chickens come home to roost.
. 's Spectator piece ( makes the fundamental error of mistaking the nature of the Brexit cross-border "mapping" exercise initiated by Enda Kenny. It was not designed to "resolve" the problems, but establish what they potential problems were.
this sounds like bullshit to get brexit mps to vote for theresa may brino
I called and they told me not to worry, that I didn't need to stockpile.
MPs who intend to vote down May’s traitorous Brexit ‘deal’ should publicly group together to force her not to bring this to parliament.
May receives rare good news on #Brexit plan after securing Tusk support
May receives rare good news on #Brexit plan after securing Tusk support
My reply to Theresa May, thank you for letter dated 24/11/19 BackTheBrexitDeal, the nation can not will not accept this deal of yours it not what the nation voted for. Give us the deal we voted for a complete break from the European Union, the Brexit you promised in the manifesto
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News
Our Politicians and our Prime Minister might be trying to sell Our Country off to the #EU but the British People are not so easily bought #Brexit
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
Parliament is supposed to be supreme. MPs must now insist on a free, unwhipped non-partisan vote on whatever deal/stay in the EU. Brexit is not and never should have been made into a party political issue. Whips don't actually wield a cat 'o nine tails as MPs vote.
Brexit will not be settled for years, as on average trade deals take 42 months to be negotiated, yet you've set the transition period as 21 months - this makes NO SENSE!
And she thinks, she believes, that Brexit supporters are exactly that racist, that xenophobic, and she can get away with it.
At least she's finally united the people. In universal condemnation of the deal by both sides. Chapeau. Quite an achievement. #Brexit #BrexitChaos
No Surrender LeaveEu........................Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the...
Uh? You are speaking tabloid crap, you know absolutely nothing about the actual laws and agreements already in place. You know nothing about the default positions after Brexit. Please go away now and only come back after you done some reaading
Dear Kindly fuck off. Signed, Every fucking Briton you've made life hell for and whose life and family you've destroyed* *Over 65 million, at last count
Sorry, you've screwed it up. No Brexit is the only way forward, just as it has always been. Now it's got to be No Brexit or No UK. Also dial down the patronising letters to the "nation" ... you've made the UK a global embarrassment. There is nothing redeeming in your words.
Brexit cost - #Crime #Justice #Support #System #Victims #Agenparl_English #Politica_Estera #Sociale #Top_News
The only thing she has not done to please the #EU, is to give the #Falklands to #Argentina. #Brexit.
Christmas comes early
To be quite honest, that was my main reason for leaving. I renounced my U.S. citizenship to embrace a country and a culture that didn't reciprocate. So I was left with no reason to stay and no right to move back to the U.S. Now in Limbo over #Brexit
I will reply 1st class "No Brexit!" #LetterfromTheresa #Brexit
Mrs May has not understood that we want to rule our own Country, make our own laws and not be ruled by a foreign Federal EU
Never before has the #UK had such an undemocratic &amp; out of touch government &amp; Parliament. #TheresaMay doesn’t represent the British people, she represents the #EU. The #British people have been sold down the river by May who has deliberately plotted against #Brexit &amp; #Britain!
Knowing our luck she won’t resign when Brexit happens. She will leave when the transition is up
Would that be the 48% that sat on their duff while the other 52% voted one way or the other on Brexit? Make your voice heard when it counts, or accept the consequences later.
I guess you think Chamberlain should have declared war on Germany immediately. When Britain was far behind Germany in military terms. So we would have been over run with fascists straight away. Oh yeah I see. Sieg Brexit!
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Brexit Deal badger
She and her gang have taken us for fools. They are now, and have always been, Remainers. We are now presented with a binary choice between her deal, Remain, and No Brexit, Remain. Leave is off the table.
Sturgeon challenges Prime Minister to Brexit debate
You do actually realise that a hard Brexit would give us the upper hand over the EU? So would May if she told them so today. Here take a look.. Your remain so your not stupid.
Brexit cost
Absolutely ridiculous. As for farmers, look at what the NFU, the largest grouping, think of Brexit. Its playing politics like children, lying, lying, lying, when all we want is the truth. All in aid of some person who wants to prove to herself she can do what she set out to do.
Has Christmas come early?
Absolutely NOT...!
Or could it be the UK Government’s way of toughening up the UK public to a no deal Brexit? Because I’m totally stunned that any PM could betray their country and people in this way
Suddenly Blackmore adds to The prevailing gloom
Might be good idea to actively OPPOSE BREXIT that will make it worse!!!!!
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal -
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
The Prime Minister's letter to Britain about her #Brexit Deal The #WithdrawalAgreement is not the #Brexit 17.4m people voted for It is a #Brexit betrayal
Has Christmas come early?
Totally irrevelant. I have it on very good authority from a bloke called Henry, and his now strangely silent pal John McHugh, that Brexit is a jolly good thing. What more do we need!
Finally!!! So happy that we are leaving EU! No matter the results, when I decide to support brexit, it means I’m ready for any bad results. We will go through it, we will survive, humans are strong. An exciting news in the mid of night.
The case of the exploding mojito: A former U.S. diplomat recalls a mysterious attack in Havana 30 years ago.
“Brexit was like the UK got drunk and accidentally unfriended Europe on Facebook.” (Leo Kearse) "An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar. The Englishman wanted to go so they all had to leave." (tweeted by )
This is madness...look what brexit is doing
The only thing we should be voting for is to get out! #brexit was the result of #Austerity businesses and Landlords exploiting European workers. Fueling of gig economicsituation which is exploitativeand dehumanisating.
#BrexitGate Well done &amp; good luck on the permission hearing, It's not so much Vote Leave broke the law that's the scandal anymore. It's Theresa May avoids the fact that they broke the law. As with Watergate, it comes down to a cover-up.
I'm not interested unless it's your resignation letter. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #FBPE
That's true. It could tip over quickly with Brexit or maybe just a longer grind. Also a major recovery of democracy and fairness in the UK could happen. It'd have to be massive. I'd love for that to happen. I'm no ethnic nationalist. Independence is a life boat option for me.
Let us all tell Mrs May what we all think of her Brexit plan.
#Macron following the #EU line! Same thing in #Catalonia Next the #UK with #Brexit #YellowVests #Yellowjackets #paris #france
But - the chancellor - is already trying to save his job &amp; the by quoting that &amp; her (rubbish) "deal" is better than staying in the EU &amp; also threatens to resign if it goes to "no deal", thus backing her insane deal. #CesspitPolitics
Dear . You are not delivering something I voted for. You are trying to appease the far right extremists in your party and UKIP. I will never back your brexit or anyones elses while I have breath in my body. I will never allow you to destroy my country or my children
Let's just reach #BrexitDay and make money
Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the...
I'm not sure whether I love this because of nostalgia, or because it's such a vivid and accurate representation of Brexit politics.
Shove It you corrupt cow! #Brexit
qUesTioN tIMe (not brexit)
And we will keep fighting to brexit and beyond.
Can someone remind me of the website to book tickets for he Festival of Glorious Brexit? I'm worried they'll sell out before I get mine. Please help - can't miss this - so much to celebrate!
What are the chances that once Brexit happens and it’s revealed to be the shit show it was always going to be, that support for the Tories and Labour plummets and the swoop in and win a majority?
It’s not a mafia you half wit. It’s a union of nations. All there by choice, working in their common interest, each with a veto on key issues. In voting Brexit you clowns thought you’d have all the cards. But you forgot the first rule of international relations 1/
Yuri milner. Tiger Global. Yandex,. How much hot water was zuck in to shady mobsters prior to ipo? Who then used the platform they bought for brexit, Trump, more. FB leadership looks iffy because they were and are compromised. And the cache now in the hands of uk will show
A very odd piece, by , that bucks the Guardian economics section's line that the EU is indeed a disaster best got out of (but fits the Observer one). First oddity, this attack on old people as drains on the state... 1/3
You have NOT honoured the result of the referendum. NOT secured a brighter future. And you certainly HAVE NOT negotiated a good Brexit deal. We don’t believe a word that comes out of your mouth PM. Shameful capitulation. Your resignation is the only thing we’ll accept now.
Maybe not?
Sound Idea...................Boris Johnson, sniping at May, calls for 'no deal' Brexit minister
Oof there hasn’t been any brexit yet
Brexit Could Leave Wedding Bouquets Stuck at the Border |
Chancellor of the Exchequer and attended the #DUP18 conference. Entertainment and negotiator? #Brexit
Boris Johnson compares Theresa May's 'humiliating' Brexit deal to TITANIC and calls on UK not to pay £39billion divorce bill. Johnson said the UK should withhold half of the divorce bill until after a free trade deal is concluded..
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
can this cockpit hold the vasty fields of France?
‘cease to be an electoral force’ LMAAOOOOOO LIKE IT EVER WAS? son u had 1 MP in that house and even he only managed that by jumping ship from the Tories, just sit down and eat your food
Has Christmas come early Dave?
What is actually stopping the UK government from delivering a ‘full brexit’? Think on this.
Shout out to everyone still Trying to make brexit funny. Your the true hero's
If Labour can stop Brexit in Parliament and the courts then it won’t have to come to that.
Here’s the real story..... #MayMustGo #WTOBrexit
I feel very embarrassed to say this but it's just true and I want to admit it: this video made me slightly moist.
The apology will long be forgotten when the RHI Inquiry publishes it report and scathing findings on the DUP next year
I honestly believe that there’s going to be a backlash towards Nigel. His absolute abdication of brexit is testimony of his real conviction of brexit
The death of Britain mirrored by the death of the Spectator.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
I don't think so. I think we have to understand that much of Whitehall is actively plotting with Brussels against Brexit.
Certainly Gove is in charge of DEFRA which has perhaps the biggest role in delivering Brexit. But the National Audit Office criticised DEFRA for being woefully unprepared. At least Gove is sticking around. Many other Brexiteers have deserted rather than be held accountable.
Why aren’t we sending them back to Macron? France should process them as refugees/asylum seekers or send them home. Typical this has surged now. Believe Macron is turning a blind eye due to Brexit
Thousands are joining this massive open letter to block Theresa May's Festival of #Brexit -- add your name!
They might need worse if we don't get full Brexit. A people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into Parliament square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Or how about 10yrs in the tower for treason ?
How is Brexit today my Bird?
Britain on verge of historic blunder, warns Johnson at DUP conference
The point is that the EU was never ona let us have the Brexit the Brexiteers voted for. That should have been factored in the decision to leave.
May I congratulate you on excellent taste in music... And suggest that "If It Doesn't Come Naturally - Leave It" could be the Brexit negotiation theme tune.
You’ve no idea of my circumstances, and somehow you assume I’m middle class. You are clueless, I’ve never voted Tory in life but I’ve got a brain. Brexit won’t help anyone. Last tweet.
Jog on you conniving chancer
Leave the #EU now No Deal is better than Mrs May's #Brexit betrayal Please sign and retweet this petition #Strictly #ImACeleb #StandUp4Brexit #BrexitDeal
I am not religious about it, yes I would like to see the Brussels parliament dissolved and Maastricht and Lisbon revoked, however one of my hopes is already fulfilled, Dodgy Dave is no longer PM, that was a result! Now if we can get rid of simpering May well, WIN DOUBLE!!
Toch Brexit na Spainit! #Gibraltar
There’s no such thing as a “Remainers Brexit” but none of this can be a surprise as it is exactly what was said would happen and, among others, a key reason why Gib voted 96pc to stay in the EU.
Uber do people carriers.
there is no brexit that 'serves britain'. wake up benji. stop sounding like a corbyn groupie squealing at the stage door. its embarassing
Huge. If true.
No Brexit is better and reflects the general view of the UK.
I wonder how many #Brexiteers could point to #Gibraltar on a map? #Brexit
The last battle for Brexit is like that scene in popular movie LOTR: Return of the King. You know the part where Aragorn says "For Frodo"? Well imagine that he doesn't say it, and instead everyone just dies, pr a few people say "fuck it" and become Orcs. Go hard, or resign.
We keep saying it but TM &amp; her lily-livered MPs are not listening.....are no respecters of democracy and are generally quite willing to sacrifice Britain at the altar of the EU.....
The ability to hang on to their hidden tax dodging offshore accounts, after the new EU tax regs come in next year, is the whole thing that brexit is about. Not sovereignty as our precious precious union has that under the EU but never bothered to use it, and blamed John Foreigner
About time the Empire gave up #Gibraltar #FalklandsMalvinas and other the other so-called “British” trappings around the globe.
#Brexit is down. Don’t let it get up.
The biggest supplier of purifying chemicals in Europe is an American company, just check it out.
Yeah, just give the whole nation peerages. That'll make everything alright &amp; it's the only Brexit dividend that might actually be deliverable.
Theresa May’s letter to the UK.I’m sorry to say I think it is full of falsehoods about the Brexit Deal, and what kind of future UK faces. I’m going to catalogue the fakeshiods in a thread.First, “we will take back control over our borders”. UK NEVER lost control over borders. 1
Unbelievable it isn't Brexit. This vassalage that the UK government now seeks is rare, but not unheard of. You must read it to understand why Theresa May has done to Brexiter and reminer
Hi It is time to call a halt. #Brexit May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
clean brexit is what they want, not to stay in stop twisting their words
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Senseless copy. Nearly half didn’t vote Brexit at all. And 55% now want to remain!!! If you Corbinites and Momentumists don’t oppose Brexit ASAP you will be finished
God knows how IBM ever managed to sell computers to businesses across Europe or how Richard Durrell managed to grow up in the Med before the EU existed. I must have been mistaken in my history. Now I know it to be a truth that Oscar Wilde did not die in Paris.
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
And while she pens yet another sickly letter to the electorate, the Spanish PM announces, at an evening press conference, that this heralds talks on joint Sovereignty of Gibraltar. How many times is May going to be allowed to sell us out?
That would empty the swamp ------
I don't believe any of this and Brexit still freaks me out as much as Kim Kardashian's bum.
No. Let's bank the backstop as our insurance policy. It's definitely better than no deal. However, the best outcome is still no Brexit.
He may leave politics to spend more time in a prison cell. #Brexit
everyone knows its a fake brexit
Brexit: Cabinet backs draft agreement
Brexit shame - "“Global Britain” is now the basket case of the world. Karma, surely. All around our former dominions, people are shrieking with laughter as they say: “Isn’t it terrible what they’re doing to themselves?”
It is people like you Diane and other cronies who feel they speak for everyone - why not put your money where your mouth is and return to the ballot box? You may just get the shock of your life!
F**king Brexit.
From simple lies to being funded by money laundering, up to 10 back-packs a day.
2. Just when you thought it impossible to love more than we already do, he sends us this old #BoJo toon, with #DavidCameron on guitar, no less. #Brexit #borisjohnson - #IGotMyBojoWorking
If ministers have been "inept" in their handling of Brexit, what makes you think that they'd be anything less than overwhelmed by the realities of leaving without a deal? And what talent exists to replace them? Or are you hoping for a windfall from a run on Sterling?
Being told Philip Hammond will resign if there's no deal is like hearing Gary Lineker will delete his Twitter account if England win the World Cup. #WTOBrexit #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
message, Arbeit Mache Frei - Work will make you free - and in the future - there 'might' be, could maybe possibly be access to - proper work - no more zero hour contracts (maybe only reduced hour contracts) - + something that might, could be near liveable, trust me
Check this. Brexit and the DUP: Triumph or disaster? via
It is a fact that if a lobster was selected as the Conservative candidate for Wokingham , it would be elected with a thumping majority, that says it all really! No more to add. #brexitshambles #peoplesvote #FinalSay #Resistance #Brexit #BrexitChaos #Welsh
Ah but Radio 2 seems to immune criticism but those too busy arguing about Brexit - taken Radio 2 forever to get to female presenters on prime time, however Trevor Nelson should be there too...
My daughter, a kid from a comp works in Switzerland via EU free movement agreement - speaks little french (learning) but has benefited enormously from EU membership. Her generation enormously do disappointed by Brexit curtailing their lives.
Shame on you #Macron! Not listening to the voice of mass and patronising the rich is not why you are in your post, better act now or else #France will follow the path of BREXIT.
It's not amazing. It's the inevitable consequence of the appallingly reasoned arguments on the pages of the Telegraph pandering to its rabid mob. Brexit is and always was a dog.
Personally I've never thought JC believes he can do better. He's ready to let shit happen (the worse, the better) so he'll get a landslide GE victory big enough to push his radical agenda. Then we we'll be screwed by a no deal #Brexit &amp; screwed by Corbyn.
Campaign 'Heart and Soul': UK PM May Calls on Britons to Support Her Brexit Deal - Sputnik International
It's fucking stupid and will get stupider post-Brexit
The Brexit negotiations have been embarrassing to watch - but the fact is May has probably got the best she could get with her self imposed red lines. The idea that if only we had Andrea Leadsom as PM - Brexit would be great is .... unconvincing
#Brexit after #Spainit continues! #GibraltarEspanol
Word to the brexiteers. If you want to keep your brexit you need to start coming up with some benefits to it. Cos at the moment it seems like most of us hate it. . . . Good Luck.
"Article 50 provides for the notification – not of withdrawal but of an “intention” to withdraw. In law, an “intention” is not a binding commitment; it can be changed or withdrawn...."
A case opens in the High Court on December 7 that could end up declaring the 2016 referendum void due to Leave camp irregularities. That, plus the A50 repeal challenge at the ECJ, could make for some explosive politics around the year-end...
New post (May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal) has been published on Parsian English News -
It's atrocious, I can't believe these gammons want us to stop giving the EU money so that they can give us back half and tell us how to spend it! These horrible #Brexit eers want the idiots in Westminster to make our laws instead of the better people who didn't need votes!!!
The naivety of and those like and others in that Remainers will ever back May's Brexit is laughable, as is the idea the divisions won't get even worse after March 2019. They are creating a #NeverTory generation.
Theresa May lists 40 REASONS to back the Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement
In which universe is stripping us of our freedom of movement rights a good thing? I will NEVER back brexit you treasonous cunt.
No one wants a New World Order except for you elites! The whole idea of Trump being President is to stop the NWO. He works for the people!!! Also, go BREXIT &amp; every other country against the EU! The people will triumph!
Petition: STOP BREXIT
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker
No that is not my point. My point is Brexit is criminal activity stemming from American New World Order led by the Jesuits who are the secret service of the Vatican, Check the history of the EU flag and they day it was unveiled - history provides the evidence - not me muck raking
The UK should leave the EU today - right now. We must build BREXIT Britain.
Boris Johnson calls for appointment of 'no deal' Brexit minister #Topbuzz
Reading this, who else is now praying for 'no deal'?
Are these things that Brexit voters really wanted to throw under the bus... Falklands will be next!
ANN Widdecombe claimed she was “ashamed” of how the UK Government has handled Brexit negotiations with the European Union and run up the “white flag” at virtually every opportunity. It really is a national disgrace..
May might regret she's cut police numbers if we dont get 100% Brexit. Water canons won't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into Parliament square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Or how about 10yrs in the tower for treason ?
17.4m Brits voted Brexit which was the biggest vote in UK history. Brits voted to leave not to have a remainer deal which delivers nothing resembling a real Brexit. The remainer establishment are reversing our vote. #Nodeal is now the best deal &amp; the only way to truly get freedom
The latest episode in the long line of utterly stupid, politically expedient, shamefully shambolic decisions in the Tory #Brexit saga is the selling out of Gibraltar. Disgraceful. A #peoplesvote is the only way forward for the country.
It’s the Remainers who will dig in their heels if they suffer Brexit. If it’s stopped, the quiltings will just go get pissed and forget about it in a week. There can only be prosperity if Remainers can return to normality.
Enough, is Enough! I thought we were taking back control. #Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat #PeoplesVoteNo
wow I didn't realize this was happening.
sorry, Nigel, but the left started all the hate and fighting..as soon as Brexit was passed they were in the street fighting and sobbing...the left starts it all..
Nothing to sell via
Biggest sell out ever #conservatives are traitors vote #ukip to save brexit
Cohen just can't pass up a chance to rant about Corbyn, can he?
IRON MAIDEN’s BRUCE DICKINSON: Why I Voted For Brexit
BS it was the biggest turnout of voters ever. Brexit was a Victory for Leave whether you like it or not. There was a big difference in the count of those who Voted Leave &amp; those who voted Remain. Victory to Leave. defeat to Remain get over it.
You wanted brexit, you got it. It’s rubbish. We told you it would be rubbish. You won, get over it,
By jumping ship at the critical time when Brexit is being finalized has done you absolutely no good at all. Reputations have been lost and unfortunately my crystal ball has you down as a sorry loser..An unexpected shame but best to find out as soon as possible.
Correction: What Theresa May actually said was, "My Brexit deal works for everyone in the EU". Obviously with Brexit this excludes everyone in the UK.
“Brexit”
Labour approach to Brexit: Surrender British territory to the EU bullies. They manage to make even Theresa May look strong! #Gibraltar
But what about Brexit?
If you are desperate to avoid a cliff edge brexit then resign en mass and hand the country over to Mr Blobby. He can't do a worse job than you have done for us and he is a lot more likely to survive the fall off the cliff.
It looks like #Brexit is probably going to happen. The alternative to the #Conservative mess actually sounds appealing. | #Lexit
Third of Brexit voters think Muslim immigration is secret plot to Islamicise UK Sent via
Finally!
1. Two people have died in police moped pursuits in the last two years 2. Look at Brexit rhetoric. Jo Cox was murdered because a nutter was emboldened by politicians egging racists on. Now *THE POLICE* have sanctioned and promoted their use of vehicles as weapons.
The worst Prime Minister in history.
People remember that ending #FreeMovement works both ways right? Like OUR free movement. To work. To go on holiday. And our lovely blue passports are going to become the new "let's see if we can piss this guy off as much as possible" card at Customs Monopoly #Brexit Edition.
Thank you &amp; ... millions of us who voted for brexit support you.
via Spain to back Brexit deal after pre-summit talks
She has come under the microscope bc she has Brexit form.
Spain to back Brexit deal after pre-summit talks |
If you believe all that, you're the only one who does. I will never support this deal, you or Brexit. #PeoplesVoteNow
Parliament will vote down May's Brexit deal, says Raab via
Bloody hell, she can't even get a resignation letter right! Useless. #ToriesOut #Brexit
Will #Benidorm be next? #Brexit
or may we cram within this wooden O the very casques that did affright the air at Agincourt?
Fears of Brexit exodus of UK asset managers
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! via
Lord help us all. RIP Brexit!
Firstly, Scotland is not a part of anyone's country but a country in its own right.. Secondly, Scotland doesn't want Brexit delivered to it because we voted heavily to remain in the EU.
Good. Don’t let the door bang you on the arse on the way out.
It is possible - not something I would condone - but I am at a loss as to know what to do: PM just does not seem to listen.
I wish tae fuck England would abandon Scotland. The collective sigh of relief would be strong enough to keep all the wind turbines in Scotland working for years.
4. A convincing declaration by UK Gov to use hitherto unused powers to control immigration would remove the ‘need’ for #Brexit. The only problem is we need free movement to protect our economy..... (as one suspects you know). Who are you kidding Rory?
Dear Britain: #TheresaMay pens desperate letter for #Brexit backing as deal on brink
Dear Britain: #TheresaMay pens desperate letter for #Brexit backing as deal on brink
They do not care.!
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation #Brexit
The latest The Verified Accounts Daily! Thanks to #brexit #40añosdeconstitución
'Don't destroy Theresa May,' Boris Johnson told the DUP. 'Let me do it for you.'
CHECK OUT MY CLASSIC TUNES! GREAT FOR BEING IN THE CAR WITH THE GUYS HEADING TO THE PARK. #patriot #brexit #hardbrexit
#TheresaMay lists 40 reasons to back the #Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement
The “whole UK family” is united against your ludicrous Brexit deal. Give it up. Brexit will not go ahead, as in the end sense has to prevail on such a critical issue for the UK. #PeoplesVote
For the first time I have to take issue with you! ‘Clued up’ more like ‘jumped up’ IMHO. We voted to leave and we should leave! (I voted to remain by the way) #brexit
The apes of #Gibraltar decide to leg it to the UK before Theresa May sells them to Spain for novelty bullfights #brexit #BrexitDeal
#TheresaMay lists 40 reasons to back the #Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement
Get lost. I’ll NEVER support Brexit. EVER
Exactly, how can there be a remain type of Brexit? People who voted remain don’t want brexit at all
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
Dear Theresa May, the people of the UK do NOT want your brexit. You are literally destroying the country! If there’s a shred of decency in you STOP this lunacy! #TheresaMay #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #EuropeanUnion #GibraltarEspanol
I agree. I also think the margin would be greater too...
Possession of facts. With intent to use. #Brexit
'Don't destroy Theresa May,' Boris Johnson told the DUP. 'Let me do it for you.'
May begs the public: unite behind me on #Brexit deal
What a tragic irony it will be if the ultimate effect of Brexit is to ruin the UK and save the EU.
Well reasoned and constituents should be proud of Julia.
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Here's why the tiny peninsula of Gibraltar is having an outsized effect on Brexit
May might regret she's cut police numbers if we dont get 100% Brexit. She won't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Or how about 10yrs in the tower for treason ?
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Imagine a majestic winged unicorn flying across the world and pissing out a glorious rainbow in its wake which heals the entire planet from toxic pollution. It's a far more realistic image than Theresa May's post-Brexit Shangri-La in this letter here.
Such a shame that is now pandering to the far right. UKIP are tainting Brexit by inviting BNP supporters into their movement.
"There are 3 areas over Brexit that concern me most for Scotland. The first is Scotland's agriculture &amp; fishing industries".
#Election2015 Independence campaigners aim to thrive on Brexit turmoil
It’s impossible to negotiate a compromise #Brexit. We need a Labour government in time to revoke Article 50.
No that is not my point. My point is Brexit is criminal activity stemming from American New World Order led by the Jesuits who are the secret service of the Vatican, Check the history of the EU flag and they day it was unveiled - history provides the evidence.
He said the EU has played a "very clever trick"
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After 11th Hour Row With Spain
Dominic Raab should know as an ex Brexit minister better in than out or Mays deal, time to pull the plug on this fiasco UK world laughing stock it's embarrassing. #PeoplesVote
Lots of others have said they would quit, and didnt, lets wait and see. See if their threat turns into reality! Bet it doesnt!
#Brexit Parliment, just do another vote ffs. It's so fucked it's beyond a joke. It'll be a massive swing to remain, and it'll be put to bed forever. And the extra bonus, the Conservative party will be utterly shafted for a very long time.
As always, persuasive on strategy. Keep plugging: 1. NoDeal is dead, it doesn’t have the votes. 2. Remain is a far superior deal to the PM’s. 3. Keep working on MPs, like your life depends on it 4. It’s not easy, but we *can* stop Brexit
Now that would be a good outcome .....
She is just a absolute disgrace, a shame to Britain. #Brexit #TheresaMay #eu #Politics #ukvote #savemycountry
That headline is hilarious. Do they seriously think we'll miss them???
Thing is, Brexit is turning into such an utter disaster, it will be interesting to see if/how the UK Government try to stick an oar in, if the ruling is that the referendum should be voided. They might privately heave a massive sigh of relief at being handed a Brexit reprieve.
'And so Mrs. Brexit. Well what have you done? Another year over. And trade deals you have none. And so Mrs. Brexit. I hope you had fun. You've screwed us all over. The old and the young. A very shitty Brexit. And a crappy new deal. Let's hope it's rejected. And A50's repealed.'
Ex-No 10 Brexit spokesperson: 'Brexit has made the rest of the UK more like Northern Ireland' (via )
Believe me pal, I'll be the one with the last laugh when that speck of land you call britain goes to utter shite when brexit kicks in and your governed by choppers like Tommy Robinson.
Hold a second referendum! To understand Brexit in historical perspective, might I suggest
Has Christmas come early?
DUP says will vote against Brexit deal unless backstop removed #Topbuzz
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Lol. She loves talking out of both sides of her mouth
Don’t blame May. U don’t even begin to understand Brexit . Brexit is a flawed concept from the binary referendum to the Article 50 election. EU was always going to give it to us. We went down this road - they did not ask us to leave. Get over it. It’s done.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
The thing that makes me most upset about #Brexit and this so called "deal" is the bit about "a complete end to free movement of people". In what reality is that a good thing. At best it's stupid and at worst it's pandering to xenophobia and racism. #PeoplesVoteNow #StopBrexit
If you’re an Urban Planner in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
It's the weekend and you've run out of loo paper. Don't panic! Just print off these 40 fucking lies and use them instead. Job done.
In 1970's it wasn't &amp; we tried for years to join. Even if we'd got along, world has moved on &amp; after Brexit we'll be like like a freelance football player looking for a match. Communications, travel, technology &amp; trade now all different &amp; transcend borders. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
No that is not my point. My point is Brexit is criminal activity stemming from American New World Order led by the Jesuits who are the secret service of the Vatican, Check the history of the EU flag and they day it was unveiled - history provides the evidence
Bring back #TheKevinBishopShow! It's bloody hilarious! It's one of the funniest shows of all time! They could do 'Shit Deal', the new fragrance by #TheresaMay. #Brexit
May might regret cutting police numbers if we dont get 100% Brexit. Water canons wouldnt stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into Parliament square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Or how about 10yrs in the tower for treason ?
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal #Topbuzz
Beyond smart home speakers, in the future I think we'll see a boom of requests for data from many other smart devices that can recreate a trail of evidence. As if legal assistants didn't have enough to comb through!
Go now then !!!
Fair argument, but most of these people were never interested in travelling to other European countries for work, unlike their more ambitious EU counterparts. Hence #Brexit. Many Brits don't even want to leave their cities to find work! #UK
Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
you are quoting only part of his interview. Later under pressure he said ''it was the least negative'' Negative is not better. Using only part of the interview to score a point is immoral and dishonest.
All education &amp; healthcare should be free for anyone in any part of earth, NO exception, before a single colony is established on Mars; or a persistent biohab in orbit around earth, the moon, or mars. Brexit is cognitive zeitgeist dissonance. Resolution requires foresight.
Spain to back Brexit deal after pre-summit talks | News | DW
Hold a second referendum! To understand Brexit in historical perspective, might I suggest
What is the will of the British people was to wreck Britain and the UK? #suicidevest #fbpe #brexit
In which universe is stripping us of our freedom of movement rights a good thing? I will NEVER back brexit
Someone needs to go through this letter and identify all the places that she dissembles with references to the sections of the WA that contradict this.
Brexit should be stopped at least until there has been an investigation into the criminality of the leave campaign. If this had been sport, they would have long been disqualified and the result annulled.
Very kind. It is important that you keep speaking up and making people think about consequences, many roads lead to Rome. If there is one benefit to Brexit it is the sharpened political thinking that so many are engaging in. Long overdue. Kind regards.
It is important that everyone knows! THE. WITHDRAWAL. AGREEMENT. IS. NOT. BREXIT. It is merely the road to Brexit. Every single disingenuous person who claims that they are surprised the transition period is a ‘half-in, half-out’ arrangement should be ashamed.
Well, not a ‘joint-sovereignty’-type concession, but essentially the closest to it. May says the position on Gibraltar hasn’t changed, but Sanchez claiming the largest win since the Utrecht Treaty, means it has fundamentally changed.
has conceded that Gibraltar won’t necessarily be covered by a future trade deal, simply another example of why what she has negotiated is completely unacceptable. She has left the status of Gibraltar in jeopardy.
Time for a clean Brexit ,,,and also leave the majority of parasitic EU nations to fend off Putin as best they can..... Who knows...they may even have to start investing in their own armed forces....
i was under the belief that the UK has already had a peoples vote.....the left doesn't understand that losing a referendum vote doesn't give you the right to have another one...
No that is not my point. My point is Brexit is criminal activity stemming from American New World Order led by the Jesuits who are the secret service of the Vatican, Check the history of the EU flag and they day it was unveiled - history provides the evidence
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal May has been deaf to the 48%, to . She created #HostileEnvironment , she wants to take away Freedom of Movement. Now she wants us to back her
Why not let the public decide? #PeoplesVote May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
It is fucking ironical that the 2 biggest problems are 2 pieces of real estate we have no legitimate claim to. NI and Gibraltar.
#Brexit has already got quite a record: reopening issues around the status of Northern Ireland &amp; Gibraltar, problems over the British sovereign bases in Cyprus and invigorating calls for Scottish independence. British soft power is now so limp not even viagra can help restore it
The #StandUp4Brexit hashtag is full of lament, recrimination and appeals to a lies-based referendum result which no longer reflects the polls. But it's empty of reasons to go ahead with #Brexit.
Indeed; agree there. To change status quo should have required super-majority. That was my original point - 52% is not "The British People", nor is 48%. We can't assume views of those who didn't vote, but can say 63% (actual majority of those eligible) did not choose Brexit.
I saw you on the boat with the toad Farage and everything - you put your ambitions ahead of your remain constituents - tell me now i'm going to be richer...
I have so many thoughts about Brexit but can't bring myself to tweet about any of them because the whole thing is so, so badly broken
The latest The Buchler Finance Daily! #brexit #archiv
It’s the weekend. This is dedicated to all of you who are not comfortable within your skin. #weekendmillionaire #brexit #lost #thehighwireact
Thank fuck - Arron isn’t starting a breakaway kipper party - we wouldn’t want to split the Uncle Gammon vote would we?
Prime Minister pleads for people to back her Brexit in letter via #AusPol May has the same view as her counterparts Macon Merkel to destroy Britain as they have destroyed France and Germany and every country they can convince to follow them
No, it would not. The EU will not, under any circumstances, renegotiate FoM in the Brexit context. This has been a major problem of the UK in these negotiations - no understanding of what drives EU27
As Others See Us: new Radio 4 series reveals world's opinion of UK
I thought that the people (citizens) of the UK voted to get out? So what does Parliament have to vote? So if all of the UK except 1 voted it would still go through parliament? That sux!
Theresa May lists 40 REASONS to back the Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement
BREXIT: Philip Hammond 'will quit and take five ministers if May gets No Deal' /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Rest assured that Leavers &amp; Remainers alike appear to be uniting in their condemnation of the PM's #Brexit deal, which, all things considered, is really quite an achievement! #PeoplesVote
so afraid of plus 2 resigning over WTO Brexit willing to lie her deal or no Brexit, Mrs May the loss of any of them is no big deal we’d welcome it, nobody trusts a traitor or believe what they say.
Dream on while you still can. The #Brexit reality is going to be a rude awakening
So Brexit just got next level cringe. The PM has written us a collective letter, begging us to understand. Im assuming this car crash decision was made on the basis that she is so abysmal at being interpersonally sincere, she’s trying it through the medium of written text.
I was angry too, but tonights sell out of Gibraltar &amp; the hypocrisy of May stating 'I stand with Gibraltar', has made me incandescent. Any MP that votes for the Deal had better have a damn good excuse for the voters, cos there will be no forgiveness 4 selling out Gibraltar.
This will be a Brexit dividend.
Fuck you snd fuck your Brexit. I hope it destroys you.
Sadly, the majority of the British population would be incapable of comprehending the fact. However. I am hopeful that people are now more open to the truth now it is obvious that May is stitching us over Brexit. Declassification of the FISA documents should help too.
Perhaps one of your guys should have fronted up and actually hung around long enough to influence policy. They resign, run away or pull out of leadership contests which is, in itself, a commentary on the Brexit project.
Just to confirm that you don't back the brexit deal?
No that is not my point. My point is Brexit is criminal activity stemming from American New World Order led by the Jesuits who are the secret service of the Vatican, Check the history of the EU flag and they day it was unveiled - history provides the evidence.
Brexit is so big only a progressive alliance can meet the demand for change
Not just Tories. Plenty in
I am retweeting this as the perfect illustration of idiocy. 60 seconds of madness. I’ve liked it not because I like it but to bookmark idiocy
Marina not talking about football, which is nice.
Be a big ask. They would need to take a political stance in favour of something more populist - like Trump -or Brexit - to get people to abandon en masse.
Labour have kept all options including PV. Brexit means Brexit was only clear over 1 week ago.Tories purposely delayed this. Labour confirmed deal fails 6 tests. Change needs to happen in Parliament. Next step is vote on Maybot's deal and/or vote of no confidence in Tory Gov.
to those who want a no deal #brexit and shitty american meat products to flood the UK, just remember this: even the Islamic State in Syria had a consumer protection council.
this years eat a bug challenge of that celebrity stuck in the woods show seems like a breeze after following brexit for two years.
UK probably isn't Ireland's biggest trading partner. It certainly isn't its biggest export market, and, since Brexit, importers have been diversifying away from the UK, so even if you combine imports and exports, it's possibly not the largest at this stage. Still important tho
#DearMrsMay Thank you for your letter asking for my support for your Brexit deal. I understand that MP's are intending to vote it down so you want us, the people, to make our voices heard. We're happy to do so: give us a #PeoplesVote now that we know the terms. Yours sincerely...
The case will argue that Brexit must be declared void and the notification of Article 50 quashed, because “various criminal offences may have been committed”.
If Gibraltar was a French Territory instead of British and they suggested this, their would be massive riots and the govt would be besieged. The brain-dead Tory voting little Englanders won't even twitch.
#BrexitShambles is from far-right by far-right for Rich people . So fuck Brexit . But i will support police in this method to protect us
Your leadership stand with racists, xenophobes and Tory spivs in supporting any kind of Brexit.
Of Brexit voters data suggests: against 'the' EU 49%, against FOM 32%. So max 18% of voters put FOM as primary reason. So 82% of voters no problem with FOM? EEA/EFTA would be loved by the population with some brakes/controls on immigration which is easy. Shout louder George.
Stop this ‘Brexit cliff edge’ nonsense. WTO rules which are used if there is no deal are the world's trading rules &amp; what most countries use to successfully negotiate trade as well as negotiate additional trade deals with one another..
With each news report I watch or read about #Brexit I never see any constructive suggestions on how to handle negotiations. Putting to one side the #Remain voters saying "ditch #Brexit", no one is coming forward with a plan on how to get the deal every person wants #impossible
That's what upsets me most. So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Theresa May lists 40 REASONS to back the Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement
THIS !
Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink -
Dear - you are a liar. As a direct result of the destructive path YOU have chosen to follow with your sole interpretation of what the Brexit vote meant to each &amp; every individual who was even allowed to vote (forget and , eh?),.. 1/
Has to be helped and sectioned before the weeks end as god knows what she will do next, out of control and in need of urgent help, like spell in the tower!?
Was that a part of the referendum that the Brexit deal can only be validated by another referendum?
Theresa May Takes Her Case for Brexit to the People
Credit where credits due, as #PhilipHammond &amp; #SajidJavid object to the Theresa May's immigration proposals, set to be unveiled in an Immigration White Paper, according to the . #ImmigrationWhitePaper #Immigration #Brexit #MailonSunday
To be fair, it’d mean she could re-appoint Davis, Johnson, Rabb, and others, so might as well open the room for it...
NO, this shitshow is PM May's who couldn't run a bath let alone brexit
Theresa May lists 40 REASONS to back the Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement -
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
You can't save her Brexit, you can't defeat it. The only thing you can do of any use is plant the idea in the public mind that her defeat must mean her resignation
They do say a week is a long time in politics.
your handling of this process has been incompetent you opened by saying 'no deal is better than a bad deal' that stood no scrutiny. EUref was about tory party your red lines were for the ERG. Shame on you #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
Not long but 7th Dec for UK crt to see whether Brexit was the petri-dish for tRump,then+possibly only after then will you see how the landscape might look for the future,imo definitely serious ?'marks need answered
The best way to fix divisions is if Brexit is a success...cue scoffing from remainers
thanks for your comment but it doesn't show that anything i said is not true. Labour have not rejected Brexit. Sadly they have also failed to deal with racism.
As a ruthless opportunist Mr Johnson will latch on to whoever he can manipulate in order to get his way - can’t believe he’s been given a voice by the DUP esieciallybas N Irish businesses say Mrs May’s deal suits them ? Politics is a nasty game !
One more reason for full on brexit. Our control of our country. I love europe. I hate EU
If you cancel Brexit, the Nation would be much more grateful...
There is still the Norway-style alternative to May’s Brexit deal via
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal - The Guardian: The Guardian May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal The Guardian An increasingly desperate Theresa May on Sunday appeals to the British people to…
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal - The Guardian: The Guardian May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal The Guardian An increasingly desperate Theresa May on Sunday appeals to the British people to unite behind her Brexit…
Politicians take note. Britain needs a strong pro-business environment post-Brexit, not SME-damaging policies. #brexit #euro6 #commercialvehicles #ULEZ #ulev #caz
Has Christmas come early?
Paint it #Green! That way voting against #brexit and for real action on #climatechange ( Labour will be heading that way too if can get a GE)
THIS LIAR GOT OUR VOTE AND THEN SHAFTED US, NOW SHE IS OUT WITH HER BEGGING BOWL AGAIN, PLEADING FOR US TO SUPPORT HER BETRAYAL OF THE U.K. /NI/GIBRALTAR ! WHAT DO YOU SAY TO THIS DEVIOUS LIAR ?
So many, Brexiteers are conspicuous by their absence... Why? Where are they? What are they going to do? May, has to go...
Lies on all sides its sifting through them that's the trouble. Plenty of libdem yes voters btw. I guess we will have to agree to disagree on convincing anyone but the hardcore. Time isn't right the time will be a year after brexit then watch it come through with 75% yes.
We are down to two choices, surrender to Germany and France or surrender to the USA, those wars were faught why? #Brexit
She has indeed taken us for a ride, but the choice is not as you describe. If she fails to get her deal through Parliament (which looks increasingly likely) the default position is we are leaving at the end of March with ‘No Deal’ (#WTOBrexit).
[ITV] EU leaders set to back May’s Brexit plan as she appeals for public support |
To change this position requires new legislation - although there is little appetite for ‘no deal’, there will be even less appetite to be associated with a party proposing No Brexit against the 17.4m democrats that voted for this position.
Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink: THERESA… #Brexit #ClickBait
at last, the penny is dropping
Theresa May lists 40 REASONS to back the Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement… #Brexit #ClickBait
In 1960 the UK was 52% women and we didn’t listen to them then did we eh? #Brexit.
Has Christmas come early?
Nothing they won't trade in for Brexit
‘How did you go bankrupt, asks a character in the Hemingway novel The Sun Also Rises. Two ways, comes the reply: “Gradually, and then suddenly.” Gradually and suddenly is the story of Brexit.’
Michael Dougan Talk “Brexit: Where have we got to and where are we going... via
before backing this fudge of a #brexit deal, I think you should answer questions on why you have refused to engage with concerns of the legality of the referendum. Exactly why have you failed to respond to these concerns?
Sleepwalking into oblivion
It’s funny watching you observe your three favourite things collapsing simultaneously #mufc #Tories #Brexit
So its win win win then. With her first appointment (after her disastrous appointment as a serial failure in the Home Office ) the #remainac outcome was sealed by the appointment of this talentless traitor scum bag. The only mystery was how were people blind to this betrayal?
Spanish PM announces deal on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
"It appears some Leave voters would switch to Remain as an alternative to May's deal" Really? Pure conjecture supported by no evidence. "Some staunch Brexit supports have said the same" Do you mean Dominic Raab?
well said Stephen
You’re just trying to stop Brexit. We are literally leaving the EU. The EU will only be able to quibble about the backstop which will become irrelevant as soon as the trade deal is agreed. Stop trying to keep us in the EU!
Yes please a do over to get rid of Trump!
Theresa May is in Brussels, where leaders of the other 27 European Union nations are expected to give their consent to the deal
No deal looking more and more favourable tbh.
Another straw to cling to in this cluster fk of a disaster... it feels like the country is being sucked inexorably into a black hole...
Nope
Brexit means taciturn
No that is not my point. My point is Brexit is criminal activity stemming from American New World Order led by the Jesuits who are the secret service of the Vatican, Check the history of the EU flag and they day it was unveiled - history provides the evidence.
What have you done Nigel, you campaigned on a Brexit where UK gives up nothing and Europe just rolls over! if Terminator May manages to push this crap through we will be weaker and forever dependent on EU for the scraps they throw us ...
Just summed up in one acronym: FOM (NO - the M is May)
#theresaMay #hokeyCokeyBrexit where you can have your left foot in and your right foot out #Brexit #GTTO
Post-Brexit healthcare.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation- Exclusive: Judges poised to fast-track explosive legal challenge after Theresa May’s ‘failure to act’ on growing evidence of illegality
Harsh...I mean, I have to live through this insanity every day by the mere utterance it. And then there's Brexit.
May might regret cutting police numbers if we dont get 100% Brexit. Water canons wouldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Or how about 10yrs in the tower for treason ?
Add May to the list and it would be perfect
&gt;&gt; EU gives Spain reassurances over Gibraltar in Brexit deal -document #lean
Excellent explanation of why this deal cannot be supported. Extremely detailed and logical reasoning. Very reassuring to hear from straightforward, hard-working MPs.
It’s not “our” #Brexit Neither #Remain or #Leave voters wanted the idiotic mess that has made of this. She’s an incompetent idiot, unfit to run a bath let alone a country.
Amazing how Xi approaches Trade with these nascent anecdotes on prosperity. Way ahead of the Brexit curve if you ask me.
If you polled the pro-Brexit voters, I'm certain most of them were fed up with the "free movement" and that's what led them to support it.
Fascinating story of what Britain is learning about Facebook &amp; Cambridge Analytica, with summary of its 87-pg report:
Brexit means Brexit means At the Brexit of a hat
Let's stand up to the bullying EU, call their bluff and go for a no deal. Above all, can remainers please stop causing the division that led to Brexit in the first place?
Ex-No 10 #Brexit spokesperson: 'Brexit has made the rest of the #UK more like Northern Ireland'
Ex-No 10 #Brexit spokesperson: 'Brexit has made the rest of the #UK more like Northern Ireland'
May might regret cutting police numbers if we dont get 100% Brexit. Water canons wouldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Or how about 10yrs in the tower for treason ?
Jesus H Fucking Christ Your ignorance is utterly astonishing...
is not even proud that mainland UK is British, leave alone Gibraltar. Not even #standup4brexit she is selling us a 'Pig in the Poke' with the straight face of a second hand car salesman. #brexit
First Theresa May betrays the people of Gibraltar then she begs the British people for their support in all things brexit #Brexit #BrexitChaos #UKPolitics #Conservative #Labour #Corbyn #May #NoConfidence May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Scots Tory in £435,000 #Brexit 'dark money' row facing questions by MPs
Scots Tory in £435,000 #Brexit 'dark money' row facing questions by MPs
I want to stop Brexit because the vote was promoted by schoolboys wanting their own way, on a campaign of lies, simply because the truth that cannot be spoken is that leaving the EU will ruin this country and hand it over to the far right.
Madrid Backs May Deal After UK 'Accepted Conditions Imposed by Spain'! Good grief, do we just lie down and accept everything any of these chancers say? Can someone teach Theresa May the word "NO"? #fo2eu
May stopped police probe into Leave’s fraud of Ref THEN triggered A50. Why, when she knew that Brexit was based on 11 counts of fraud? Electoral Law states that Brexit must now be rescinded yet she is hurtling towards disaster
Brexit in a nutshell. “No one has any reasons to be happy”
To cancel #Brexit she would have to call a #GE because she would have finished any faith that the people have in her &amp; the present MP's that supposedly speak for the people of this country
So what you’re saying then is that to most voters Brexit isn’t the be all and end all defining issue of our time remainers make it out to be?
The way things are going will there be an #EU to leave? #Brexit
Piss Off Traitor................... Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink
Brexit - Theresa May Buckles over Gibraltar! via
You all voted for this humiliation, you voted for brexit. It was always going to be a) bad, or b) worse. And it serves you all right for being narrow-minded and chauvinistic. But a pity you dragged all the decent people down with you. What a mess!
First having opinions on Brexit and now Royals, he's getting around!
I have been trying to distance myself from the subject of Brexit recently as the prospect of committing the monumental act of stupidity that is Brexit has the ability to vex me like no other - however if this comes to fruition I will be forced to admit there is a god who has -
Australia has a vested interest in the UK leaving the EU so an Australian opinion should be treated with the contempt it deserves. Even some of the Brexiteers are of the view that NO Brexit is the best deal available.
It’s 51% now so, if anything, there’s less reason to listen to them now.
We’ve finally got the stage of Project Fear where if we leave the EU, we’ll all die. The politicians involved in this briefing should be hounded out of office. #Brexit #water
2/6 has been calling for the party to campaign to #Remain since Dec 2017. In parallel we have engaged with and respected party policy. Policy agreed at #Lab18 is about to expire. Once May's #Brexit deal is voted down, we are bound to call for an immediate election
4/6 By then all 'other options' for #Brexit will be exhausted. The #Labour leadership should do what we know the overwhelming majority of our voters and members want and endorse a #PeoplesVote. We would call for that to happen immediately, a conference risk further delay...
5/6 And further delay is not viable, or in our interest. Theresa May could easily call a 2nd vote on her #Brexit deal before Christmas. The #Labour answer cannot be that we are organising a conference before we make a generation defining decison on #Brexit
What tribal nonsense. Should make the argument in an Wilsonian sense? And kicked Spain's north African collonial residues into play? That would be much more preferable. But for all Willy's Giddens-faults, I never considered Billy a nationalist.
6/6 The best outcome is for to embrace a #PeoplesVote as soon as an election is rejected. If we need a conference to convince the leadership, so be it. But we must fix the date now - not risk it being used as a delaying tactic. The #Brexit stakes are too high.
Has Christmas come early?
Brexit Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal #ATS
NO THANK YOU! YOUR BREXIT DEAL WILL NOT SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY!
So two years and ended with a totally Sh1t deal- no surprise from the #London liberal elite. Not delivered on an point of #brexit up #NoDealBrexit
I voted leave as is my democratic right. None of this chaos is mine it is solely owned by this pathetic PM and her halfwited government who have been so focused on their own agenda that they have totally ballsed up the Brexit negotiations
Thank goodness someone's got a backbone. #Brexit
I'm stockpiling scare stories for Brexit.
hang your head in shame...This will finish the party and bring us to civil war..I will bear arms against you fascists.Brexit means NO ECJ/SM/CU/fom... RESIGN .
REALLY not something to be proud of !
If true, surely that alone is grounds for removing this fetid anus on a stick masquerading as a Prime Minister
Has Christmas come early?
FFS, surely May won't be tempted by this:
The biggest challenge of #Brexit was never its implementation, but always the remainer Parliament. If Parliament was leave we would be leaving in March with a FTA and a clean break.
May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Or how about 10yrs in the tower for treason ?
Can someone get this to Mrs May please
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
If we do go to war with the English, we should invite them to drink, offer them our beaches for burning their skins and give them the highest hotel rooms with balcony …
Best news l've heard in days! Now you can see how Hammond's been guiding a non-Brexit deal and pulling all the strings along with Olly Robbins! Good riddance to him and his 5 ministers!
Never had overall control like Westminster. The 1900s fascist Germany didn’t allow democracy, excluded others from entering their country . Refused voting . Does this resemble anything to you ? Brexit Britain ?
hang your head in shame...This will finish the party and bring us to civil war..I will bear arms against you fascists.Brexit means NO ECJ/SM/CU/fom... RESIGN .
Did you know? Every single #Leave voter kicks puppies in their spare time? I know it's true. The Guardian told me. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #brexitbetrayal
Does this mean what I think it means? Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
The EU gets €/£39 bn and the UK doesn't get a say in their future, the EU comission has plenty to be happy about :-(
Brexit means Brexit—- you patronising cunt
Brexit: Theresa May writes 'letter to nation' insisting her withdrawal agreement works for 'whole UK': Missive is latest attempt to build support for exit deal which faces widespread opposition
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Fingers crossed #Brexit goes tits up, might get change of leadership, that is the only hope
She tried to get them to take N Ireland, &amp; he would have too, but as it included Arlene Foster he was obliged to decline!
It's not a #Remain #Brexit. They are polar opposites
New post: UK and Spain agree on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit talks
So pleased my MP is supporting a #PeoplesVote "if we vote down the deal in parliament then I think it is really important that we have a people’s vote" The Labour leadership must abide by the will of members #PeoplesVoteNow #Brexit #stopbrexit
hang your head in shame...This will finish the party and bring us to civil war..I will bear arms against you fascists.Brexit means NO ECJ/SM/CU/fom... RESIGN .
May’s ‘heart and soul’ letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
catalangov: RT QuimTorraiPla: The catalangov supports the EU 27-UK deal on Brexit, and shows disconformity with the position taken by the Spanish Government over Gibraltar. Our aspiration is to have a Republic in which citizens, companies and institutions have a central rol…
BBCNEWS 4:15pm ARGENTINA FOOTBALL VIOLENCE BREXIT SUMMIT BREXIT SUMMIT. Theresa May issues pubic plea over Brexit deal ALEX...
Please let this never ending horror be closed down. The country must be saved from the frauderendum &amp; the corrupt Brexit conmen.
#Brexit itself is a humiliation for Britain that will prove to be very expensive indeed.
So the end is near, and I face the final curtain............. #PeoplesVote
The European Union and Britain have reached a deal over Gibraltar. But why was Gibraltar a sticking point in Brexit negotiations? CGTN's Al Goodman explains the history and the current issues at hand.
- look what is being said.....
The European Union and Britain have reached a deal over Gibraltar. But why was Gibraltar a sticking point in Brexit negotiations? CGTN's Al Goodman explains the history and the current issues at hand.
Absolutely. She is now trying to manipulate us. Come on MPs vote the deal down and write your letters. She is so smug at the moment...
Screw your #Brexit both Leavers and remainers hate it resign now #GTTO
hang your head in shame...This will finish the party and bring us to civil war..I will bear arms against you fascists.Brexit means NO ECJ/SM/CU/fom... RESIGN .
Such a fun article... Even if consequences won't be for millions of people So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Could well be another referendum if this is true?
Inflammatory bullshit. You're no better than the fucking Mail or Express for printing this shite. They're being KICKED OUT. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK DO YOU EXPECT THEM TO DO? Under Westminster they get zero fucking assurances of their future *HERE* in Scotland. You ARSES.
Traitor May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Better still 10 years in the tower for treason ?
I want a red white and blue Brexit— you patronising cunt
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Mervyn, please come back !
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
She denies everything, but talks with fork tongue! May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News
#Spain to back #Brexit deal after pre-summit talks
The WA agreement ... all the triuble lay ahead in the furure brexit trade deal which nit signed off &amp; they Spain can veto &amp; will use Gibraltar as a leverage Anyway i dont argue with fools ! Ciao
Petition: STOP BREXIT
This is bullshit. 80% of labour members want a second referendum and Corbyn has a Red Brexit as dumb and dangerous as Mays.
No such thing as a proper Brexit. It is an undeliverable omnishambles. You distanced yourself from the job of seeing it through pretty damn quick - so we’re all assuming you came to the same conclusion.
Wall? Brexit? I think it’s a fair enough stance
I blame brexit
So you seemed like a decent MP. But for the sake of the party, you'd send us into the unknown. Great.
May’s Brexit deal kills hopes of ban on live exports, campaigners warn
Brexit is now a minority issue being done to a majority, making everyone worse off. So weird.
hang your head in shame...This will finish the party and bring us to civil war..I will bear arms against you fascists.Brexit means NO ECJ/SM/CU/fom... RESIGN .
TRUMP BREXIT Sat, 24 Nov 2018 18:00:00 CST
Says a Brexitier that can live legally in Spain after Brexit
This gives me hope. Maybe our Supreme Court will someday declare Trump’s election was void, and for the exact same reasons that Brexit is likely void.
Utter shite. You wanted Brexit, so own it.
DUP leader says May's Brexit deal is 'worse than a Corbyn government' - Daily Mail
To not supporting her in her delusional Brexit deal?
Heart-breaking...
Begging now, is she? “Promising to campaign for the deal with her 'heart and soul'” What bloody heart? What fucking soul? May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
The condemnation of this 'deal, conspired by Remainers &amp; the Civil Service, is almost universal. You've united the kingdom - against the deal. It's a complete misunderstanding of the very basics that drove Brexit in the first place.
'Don't destroy Theresa May,' Boris Johnson told the DUP. 'Let me do it for you.'
It is Brexit, the referendum was Remain or Leave, this deal is leaving. People voted for the mystery box, they cannot now moan about what’s in it.
BBCNEWS 4:16pm BREXIT SUMMIT. Theresa May issues pubic plea over Brexit deal BREXIT SUMMIT. Prime Minister writes a 'letterto the...
How on earth can someone who campaigned for Remain support this #Brexit shitshow? Any proper leader (worthy of the name), “acting in the national interests” would bring all this nonsense to a a halt quickly before any more damage is done!
Traitor May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Better still 10 years in the tower for treason ?
I agree 100% yes it shit brexit...we gain nothing
The Brexit negotiations continue to fail those most effected:- Rock of Gibraltar up for negotiation - Start of betrayal? © James Murdoch Ewing
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
#KnighthoodGate Brexit baubles: Theresa May issues knighthood and Privy Council appointments ahead of crucial vote
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
As tho May will go for a No Deal brexit. Not a chance. It’ll be her Remain or a Stay in as is (ie the Remain lose vote) She will go down in flames on this. If it gets to Dec 10 &amp; it’s clear she cant have her deal, knowing that re-negotiating with EU isn’t on she’ll say No brexit
"If Parliament were leave" then Leave would be a good idea for our future.
Burn, baby, burn.
Tories actually have decent young MPs. What a shame about the leadership
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Interesting turn of phrase : as though #Brexit is fait accompli. It isn't. Britain #Remain s in the EU. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Sounds like a Canadian version of Brexit.
Traitor May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Better still 10 years in the tower for treason ?
What is more mad is a PM who has brazenly lied to parliament, destroyed her party, disenfranchised millions, undermined her manifesto, carved up the UK, retreated on her brexit commitments, inspired pure hatred in the electorate ...is still in office.
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor
Apparently the 6th biggest economy in the world can’t provide its population with water as an independent state. Just how have politicians managed to let that happen? Or are they talking utter crap as always when it comes to Brexit!?
Precisely it's down to people's choice, which is why it shouldn't be taken from them. Do you know how many EU citizens living in this country for decades, married to Brits and with kids are now in danger of having to leave because of what Brexit let the #NastyParty do? Too many.
boris shit stirring again.
she has said "don't worry, brexit's going away, public opinion is against it now in the polls ... there will be a remain vote in a 2nd referendum. Just don't inflame the masses by threatening #Gibraltar
No it is #Brexit being implemented by someone who does not like immigration
It. might be a deal but Brexit it isNOT.
Traitor May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Better still 10 years in the tower for treason ?
What tribal nonsense from Will. If be made the argument in a Wilsonian sense? And used Spain's north African collonial residues as examples? That would be much more preferable for Willy. But for all his Giddens-faults, I never considered him a nationalist, Billy H.
Us British folks are notorious for our manners and tea drinking and being general fuddy duddies! I probably voted for Brexit. Colonialism who?
This new Mary Poppins film sounds brutal.
#TheresaMay copies Tony Blair's tricks in propaganda blitz to sell her hated #Brexit deal to Brits
For the first time "lose/lose" is better than "win/win". But that's Brexit for ya .
37% voted to Leave. 63% either voted to Remain or abstained (i.e. did not proactively choose to Leave). Only the 37% actively voted for Brexit. So whatever the motivations of those who didn't vote, it's not reasonable to say "The British People" as a whole voted for Brexit -
I never voted for brexit. I have yet to see any compelling benefit of doing it, in fact, all I've found more and more evidence of what a disaster this will be. You and your incompetent government do not represent me. Stick your deal and brexit where the sun don't shine.
Traitor May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Better still 10 years in the tower for treason ?
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
The socialist dream is to obtain power
I am really struggling to understand how we managed to exist prior to 1975. It seems that all the things I read about our ingenuity, skill, determination was nothing but bullshit. We are a nation dependent on assistance to survive and permission to exist.
Let us assume this #ProjectFear on water cleaning is true! Then fact remains that #EU is threatening or is capable to use such draconian measures for #UK to give up on #Brexit &amp; we are going to surrender our sovereignty to such ‘friends’ #WetTories #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
So Gib now sold out by who can’t even pronounce name correctly. Great statesmanship to be so sidelined. Which words have legal standing re Brexit seems left to ECJ by UK Govt. 1984 doublespeak lives
Parliament can’t sort it out. There is no majority for any type of Brexit.
A liar it is then...
BBCNEWS 4:17pm BREXIT SUMMIT. PM: UK's position on Gibraltar hasn't changed BREXIT SUMMIT. Theresa May meets Juncker and Tusk in...
It was also the time of "Free Love" "Peace"but we never listened then &amp; we're not listening now...oh a song in there #Brexit
Unfortunately the remainer negotiators in the civil service have done all the "deals" with her instructions. The 2 Brexit secretaries have resigned as they are mere decorations. The latest one isn't even in Brussels!
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
#UK Should Theresa May stay as prime minister?
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
D'UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGH! #BREXIT
You unilaterally set in motion the chaotic events by triggering A50; even though the ref. vote is illegal and void: you disdain all on these islands who don't exist (you say); and you jettison us all... May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Charlie, is this a fake account? Neither side should repersent the people of NI. People are shik of the orange &amp; green divide! DUP want to pull out of backing Mays deal for brexit. DUP don't repersent the people of NI but just there twisted view of unionsiom!
Retard? Ur test tubes must b so proud. Yeah, every1 with type 1 diabetes is gonna die if we have a hard brexit. Listen to yourself u hysterical buffoon. Good luck with your BBC education. You’ve taken gullibility to a whole new level. Brexit = death to diabetes sufferers. Cretin.
Enabled by the Brexit ideology.
Gibraltar puts the UK between a Rock and a hard place on Brexit | John Crace
Remain was a pretty clear cut choice, things would carry on exactly as they were. Nobody had a plan or a clear vision for implementing brexit which is one of the reasons we’re in absolute shambles right now
There are several other Court cases nearing an end which will bring a sorry end to Brexit, Shindler in the European Court Of Justice. Ex Pat clarification All EU Citizens have Equal Rights Not being Allowed a Vote in the Referendum which has severe effects denied Equal Rights
Dear Theresa May Your deal is a sham. It is even worse than Brexit-in-name-only. 17.4m people voted to Leave the EU but your deal ties us closer with no unilateral way to leave. No matter how many times you say it, your deal does NOT deliver what people voted for. Please resign.
Brexit represents the minority, not the 'will of the people' - The Independent
FARCE
Sounds like a lot of upside to this approach.
The Majestic Wine chain wants to make sure Britons don’t run out of Rioja when the U.K. leaves the EU via
Sack her, sack her, sack her!
The Brexit deal explained. #BackTheBrexitDeal #PeoplesVote
Anyone else spot this??? She really means that Brexit is a cock up.....
May really clutching at straws now... #Brexit
(Express &amp; Star):#PA #Headline : Labour MP Ian Murray says that Theresa May has become desperate in her attempts to sell her Brexit deal. ..
Conservative Party offering handful of workers rights in return for Labour MP's voting for Brexit deal Not going to happen
Mr Hammond leads a new ‘gang of five’ Cabinet ministers opposed to a hard Brexit, including Work and Pensions Secretary Amber Rudd, Cabinet Office Minister David Lidington, Business Secretary Greg Clark and Justice Secretary David Gauke.
Just posted this thread over on the account. I shouldn't be doing this at midnight, but the stakes for a #PeoplesVote are now so high. Another Labour Conference on #Brexit cannot be used as a delaying tactic. It's decision time for our party and a #PeoplesVote
'UK is a colony!' What the EU REALLY thinks? Shock BBC outburst reveals Brexit 'defeat'
She's right, of course. But this should put to rest the fanciful notion that she's considering running again in 2020. She'd have never said this if she were.
Operation Temperer Exposed: UK Army’s Secret Plan For Martial Law If ‘No Deal’ Brexit
Is it me, or has Brexit become an elite project now and "the people" have been ditched?
Problem with this approach is that only the zealots from either side can be bothered to write to their MPs and MPs are routinely dismissive, preferring to take the whip. It is a futile &amp; desperate gesture
Feminist: We need more women in politics!!! Me: *Says literally anything* Feminist: No. Not you. #Politics #Brexit #BrexitDeal #brexitbetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #Conservatives
Trump nominee to lead agency that designed Brexit.
Put brexit to bed lol dream on
Except that it was not just Tory members who voted for Brexit, and judging from social media content, many have switched off because of infighting, resignations and party-political capital.
"caviar and Brie prices are already through the roof" Although I voted leave, I did not realise the gravure of the situation. We must stop Brexit ... Immediately ... if not sooner.
I see Brexit has finally reached the "AND ENGLAND PREVAILS!" stage.
*BREAKING* An elite UK Brexiteer Defence Force has landed on in #Gibraltar . #Brexit #ToryBrexitShambles #Spain
back the Brexit deal. Absolutely not. You have threatened the integrity of this country's 1000 year old legal, sovereign and desirable institutions. How could you do such a thing and, ironically, surrender to the Europeans? #scrapthedeal #mayout #MayDay
can we expect a comment anytime soon or will you hide behind ''we do not comment on active proceedins'
i obviously have no idea what is going on but it is probably quite useful for the PM getting votes for her deal if the threat of a Norway deal seems real to hard brexiteers
Theresa May fails to appreciate that just using words like "unite" and "reconciliation" does not magically make it happen. 2 years of authoritarian intransigence with no attempt to engage anyone else outside cabinet in what Brexit means has led to this.
So why would you not legislate that post brexit all live animals have to transported in a humane way. You have the power, do it!
Would love to see come back to front line politics, forget about , now pandering to the far right and EDL nutjobs, set up a tough on crime, pro Brexit, right wing party to hold the government to account on the deal #Brexit #BrexitDeal
If the French public had even a vestigial belief that was a populist movement, it must surely now realise it's been scammed by the enarques into backing them yet again. As with Brexit, if voting changed anything, the elites would ban it...
John Major - John Major Brexit cannot prepare for tomorrow by living in the past
'What evidence is there that this deal is the best that can be negotiated? All they can point to is the fact that the EU says so. Most trade unionists receiving an...
Out come DUP Members from the conference #DUP18 #Brexit
Every single woman who voted #Brexit only did so because Boris Johnson promised them shoes and a pony. #TrueStory
Kate Hoey claims 'no Brexit deal is not a problem' for the UK
Instead of reading the media and absorbing their opinion, why not read this and form your own opinion. #Brexit
excpect mooslim isnt a race, inbreed
Not another fucking bridge! At least he points out how bad Brexit deal is, maybe he could point out that remaining would be the better option next time. Boris says accepting current Brexit deal would be 'historic mistake'
You have absolutely no idea what you are talking about or the machinations involved in politics, this isn’t the OK coral, the numbers are finely balanced, it is like a game of chess and Brexit will win!
There is a majority in a democratic vote Can I make a Brexit joke?
In the last 15 months over 600 civil servants moved out of were purged from the Department for Brexit, including 20 senior &amp; influential Brexiteers. This was part of Olly Robbins’ desire to clear out anyone with any wisdom or genuine desire for Brexit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
All I want for Christmas is EU
CNN International UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal CNN International At the moment, the border between Spain and Gibraltar is open, but the Spanish government was concerned that would change after Brexit, affecting…
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
This has just got a lot bigger than #Brexit
This has just got a lot bigger than #Brexit
Note that no Remainer has resigned from the Cabinet. Tells you all you need to no about May’s false #brexit
May issues plea from bunker
pleeeeeez let it happen. #StopBrexit
Unification is parallel to civilisation. Brexit is anti that. Our lives so entwined that even so called enemy nation trade. May insistence in trying to break away from Euro union is fishy. She could easily slow it as they were ready to give more time.
You won't be entertained much by my feed, it's all rugby and Brexit. I do like all your cycling stuff though, it's pretty big here in San Sebastian. You should head out this way and sample the delights of cycling in the pissing rain, it's just like home but steeper!
Along with a Museum of Brexit.
Why Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The U.K. via
It’s true that Brexit has been an enabler but such feelings have also been amplified by irresponsible elements of the media, setting out untrue and/or biased stories designed to promote such attitudes.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not ...... fucking madness of the first order
If I can't have remain then I'm fine with EEA. #NORWAYPARTYTIEM
The battles between Leave and Remain will never end. Why should we forgive or forget those who destroyed the UK’s future, or the lying Pied Pipers who lead them. Brexit Day is Day Zero of Brexit. That’s the moment we prostrate ourselves before the EU27, cap in hand, begging to
*loud cough*
Coulda woulda shoulda The Brexit mantra Every Leave assertion has crashed against the rocks of reality. Why should we believe Leaver politicians about No Deal/WTO?
Only 5 That's a big reduction on the toll so far. So overall cabinet would support no deal Brexit?
Brexit deal alternatives - UK in a changing Europe
No that is not my point. My point is Brexit is criminal activity stemming from American New World Order led by the Jesuits who are the secret service of the Vatican, Check the history of the EU flag and they day it was unveiled - history provides the evidence.
He is lying to you and creating fear amongst those that do need facts. We had something similar in the U.K. which pushed us over the Brexit cliff. Please don’t make the same mistake
Well, that wasn't a very clever thing to say from a chancellor of the exchequer. In nothing else brexit has sharpened everyone's brain cells to the finer parts of politics even to withdrawal deals &amp; we know as much as (probably more) than our politicians.
And if you fancy it, tell me about the car industry. Tell me about the car bosses' attitudes to Brexit.
Charlatans like aren't interested in facts. This thread shows how ill-informed we are &amp; how determined #BritNats #Brexiteers are to keep the myths going. … Also … …
Traitor May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Better still 10 years in the tower for treason ?
I have tried, to cover my ears, tape my mouth, take anti vomit pills, lie in a dark room, and a few other things I won't go into. And still, although I would like to, I still can't see TMs brexit as anything but total surrender. If this goes through I dread what will happen.
Is this like that bit in 'Psychomania' where Beryl Reid stops the marauding zombies from doing any more damage by getting her butler to turn her into a frog?
The Irish Border is Brexit’s fatal flaw
Dissolve the union save Scotland from this abusive relationship
You may want to count them again. Many of that 17m dead at this stage. Many more have since seen through the Brexit promises and have a greater understanding of who is holding the cards.
Yup. has bn asking May for ages why she blocked police probe into Leave fraud THEN triggered A50. Our honourable PM KNEW Brexit result was dodgy yet ploughed on with this madness regardless! Why????
The UK now wants to #Remain by 56% to 44%, a massive 12-point lead to stay in the EU. Write to your MP to demand a #PeoplesVote.
How much are you being paid to peddle this Brexit propaganda, and by whom? You are as credible as a Corbyn opposition, and as believable as a May pledge about Gibraltar.
Agreed
Brexit is actually shit
Interesting read. #brexit
Which Is precisely what many 'experts' advocating Remain predicted - that Brexit wouldn't be calamitous initially but the effect would be over longer period with UK gradually declining. That of course was pre the madness that is T May and the unthinkability (?I) of a 'no deal'.
How do you know Labour would win an election? And how would we get out of the Brexit mess? And a general strike before a people’s vote? That’s ridiculous.
But Arron, you promised us unicorns prancing across the sunlight Brexit uplands and died in the wool Brexiters were parachuted into Key cabinet positions to ensure it happened. Could it be you were being paid by the Russians to talk Absolute fucking bollocks from the outset?
Brexit is a battle of ideas on who has the best ideas to knock out the opponent. Please read an article titled Ideas on the link below. Search for it on the top right hand corner of the search panel. Very relevant to our current status quo
Traitor May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Better still 10 years in the tower for treason !
No that is not my point. My point is Brexit is criminal activity stemming from American New World Order led by the Jesuits who are the secret service of the Vatican, Check the history of the EU flag and they day it was unveiled - history provides the evidence.
Compulsory Sunday reading
Whining about Brexit was not what you promised us. Your manifesto was clear, we would get a new referendum if there was a “significant and material change in the circumstance", such as Scotland being taken out of the EU againsts its will." We provided a mandate so #getoanwiit
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
Dear Britain, it has been wonderful while it lasted. But now we are part of a new Federation, a New Order. We may not play a big part in it, but we will be in it. Put behind you all thoughts of your Nation-we are Globalists now. Accept it and move on
Before Brexit there was no talk about the vulnerability of Gibraltar or the Falklands. Your stupid project has left us weak and isolated.
Interesting! Fingers crossed! High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
D0nt these animals deserve saving? Poor babies.
Hammond has no charisma and nobody cares if he quits. Good riddance. NO DEAL asap!!
38% was all you ever had : May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal
Stop Brexit and you've got my vote back.
Very interesting you mentioned productivity. One of the terrifying prospects of a possible Brexit is that crime would be in included in GDP, that's how it works in poor countries. How could a prosperous country commit such a reckless act upon itself?
Brexit analogy. UK: we're leaving the gym EU: ok, but you've to keep paying dues for ever Ireland: you still have to give me a lift UK:OK EU:you have to be member to drive into car park for the lift but can't use facilities UK: can we talk about this? EU: no.
The Economist | Who killed Brexit? via
Proper leave means leave tackle that, expect some of them at the brexit bruisers match tomorrow
This is how the British Empire ends, not with a bang but with Brexit-branded cholera.
What's the point of that? Being a member of the Libs or Labour won't make a diffrence. We should choose the party we want to fight with and work like donkeys to fight Brexit. Labour offer real change but I'll fight against leaving, being a Lib won't make a jot of diffrence
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
You have no mandate to destroy the future for the young people of the UK in pursuit of a lie, justified in terms of a result you know was illegally obtained. If you go ahead with Brexit, you &amp; your party will be remembered as the most ignorant, self-defeating failures in history.
UK and EU agree on post-Brexit relationship
Has Christmas come early?
Avtually soft Brexit isn’t remain at all. Given 2016 asked ‘leave the EU - yes or no’ and we voted no - we’re already achieved Brexit. A trade relationship isn’t EU relationship. It’s a trade deal. I wonder how much of this you really understand.
For there to be a brighter future, which you identify as being your duty to provide, the Brexit deal would need to be better for the UK and the lives of its population than the one it has now. It is not, by any possible measure. 8/
Just don't mention Brexit
If you’re an Astronomer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
See! Boris embraced the core principles of Newspeak early. He’s clearly still developing the techniques used in Big Brother’s zone. Already we’ve seen that austerity means plenty and that continual war is a necessity. Brexit is a step on the way to achieving the mission goals.
So Gib now sold out by who can’t even pronounce name correctly. Great statesmanship to be so sidelined. Which words have legal standing re Brexit seems left to ECJ by UK Govt. 1984 doublespeak lives #Brexit #Gibraltar
Last week I thought Raab should be caretaker PM to deliver Brexit. Now coming round to Boris. Question is whether genuine Tories will get behind single anti-May candidate. If they will, game over; if not, she'll fight and could win
Perhaps not
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
The occupying Ottomans of Egypt as well as of Greece sold to the British the stock shares of the Suez Canal, from where the war of Suez in 1956 after the nationalization by Nasser
'#Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
Mass protest: no to Tommy Robinson, no to Brexit
My comment, in haiku form:-
Sir, it appears you were right about Theresa May’s BREXIT “negotiations.” Disastrous!!!
I think everyone who voted for Brexit should be banned from eating all international foods, so no more Italian, no more tapas, no more baguettes, no Thai, no Indian, no Chinese etc cause if you don’t want foreigners here you don’t deserve their food
Hahaha! What could embody “taking our country back” more vividly than having to cede Gibraltar to Spain? I think I just started enjoying Brexit.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
What about electricity? Can I still boil a kettle after Brexit? .... best break out the tin bath and reinstate my fire place. Sigh......
Great use of the word "squirreled" #arse
the MPs are the ones who are vacillating - not us
If we gave gib back to the Spanish and Ireland back to the Irish brexit would be the easiest deal ever.
Well! We have seen what the kiddies can do for Britain, when will the adults arrive to take back control of our once great country.
She is playing for time to get a hard Brexit. Don't forget dark money was pumped through the DUP.
great thing about Brexit is that its smoked out all the worst people in our media Establishment. The culture war is on.
Theresa May lists 40 REASONS to back the Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement
"I should be able to say brexit shouldn't happen because I'm allowed to overrule the majority and I'm an adult who can throw a temper tantrum. The noisy minority agree with me as well as with opportunistic Tories so we must be right"
A desperate letter from a weak and wobbly Prime Minister. Strong and stable government and a Brexit deal that delivers for working people can only be delivered by a Labour government.
We ordinary people of the #Netherlands hate the fact that our neighbours are driving away from the rest of #Europe #StopBrexit We love the #British and don't want a #divorce in any way or any time. Please #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Ex-UK Foreign Minister Boris Johnson Says Brexit Deal Like Titanic
1. Vote down TM deal and push for EEA/EFTA. TM position becomes untenable and at the same time Labour can claim to have saved Brexit for leavers while doing so in a sensible and acceptable way for remainers.
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
Opinion: Brexiteers against Brexit threaten Theresa May’s plan
Tweeting stereotypes about the people of a country just isn't nice, Brexit has revealed how immature we are..
The Transylvanian who’ll have a hand in Brexit
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal -
She'll be a citizen of HMP Holloway, if this has got any legs...
And finally Fecking January 2013 #brexit #liars
My comment, in haiku form:-
Congratulations Deborah, so long as you're making nice profits.
Nobody trusts treasonous Theresa who won’t get this through but already planning EEA, &amp; 11 month Visas so not counted in immigration, who’s new cabinet minister, her chancellor &amp; 3 others will resign if we go to WTO Brexit, traitors of the people &amp; county.
Did you #Brexiteers vote for this? Of course not! But it’s what you’ve got. Write to your MP now and ask for #DraftAgreement to be voted down
The irony of #TheresaMay throwing money and favours about like confetti to save her scrawny arse. #universalcredit #WindrushCoverUp #Grenfill #Brexit etc... Could have, would have, should have, never ever happened but stuff the public, they don't matter when you can buy power.
The dream Christmas present, Brexit cancelled &amp; Banks in prison but seems far more likely to be an April Fools...”Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation” | The Independent
Isn’t Brexit the absolute antithesis of solidarity? I’m a strong Remainer, but the EU is fooling itself if it’s pretending it played no role in causing Brexit.
Sorry mate but do you think the public will vote for your man. The Brexit stuff is different to a general election. Do you think the public are going to vote for you. Let’s be honest mate you haven’t got the personal to carry it off. Do you think w public are stupid.
Given a Norwegian style Brexit represents a far worse arrangement than the existing one the UK has ( and as stated by the Norwegian PM ) crying shame MPs didn't do their job by accepting any form of Brexit cannot be in the national interest and the referendum was advisory status.
Yeah, word will get around that 'UK taxi ferries' are now available... Free of charge!
Not just sad - furious!
Theresa May #wtf #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit 358
Theresa May lists 40 REASONS to back the Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement
Dear Mrs Theresa May, I have not studied your deal because I do not need to. If 2 Brexit Secretaries have resigned, that is good enough for me. You have constantly ignored Brexiteers and they voted to Leave. Your plan is Remain. Resign before you are sacked
Let’s face it there isn’t anybody she wouldn’t throw under the bus to get #Brexit through But don’t worry Julian Assange could be handed over to the Americans soon. Then Mueller will open up all this conspiracy that started this shit. Links to Russia #Brexit and America Election
Unresolved Gibraltar issues endanger Brexit plans, warns Spain -
But muh Brexit!
How is this woman Labour?
still claims "greatest democratic vote" (which is untrue) &amp; "the will of the people" but the validity of referendum is now going to High Court. #StopBrexit #ExitfromBrexit #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
Please Britain.....Get rid of that treasonous fraud.
What is official Labour policy on Brexit? It changes daily.
EU to take tough stance on fishing at Brexit summit, leak reveals - That will fuel fears that the EU is seeking to use trade talks to keep the UK locked … The leak could also make it harder ... - - from #FuelLeaksSpills
A few words to these cretins: December 2017. You kicked the backstop down the road &amp; it came back to bite you. The EU took it seriously, re-wrote it and gave it legal status (incorrectly), Exactly the same will happen with Gibraltar. It won't get that far. Deal will be voted down
My comment, in haiku form:-
Rubbish. But I bet those Brexit supporters who insult Diane Abbott regularly, suddenly love her ROFL!
Are you insane? Why can't you just back out of Brexit? This deal only offers downsides with no benefits.
We didn’t vote to stay in EU either or to have talk of a people’s vote. Can the leave voter be assured that their vote is safe with labour?
I once heard that everything is about sex, except sex, which is about power. Somehow, we now live in a time when everything is about #Brexit, except Brexit, which is about f# over democracy in the UK.
Remember when she embraced remainers and people that have made this county their home with their concerns and worries. No nor do I. Jog on.
#StrictlySpoiler I blame #brexit for this
Nazi Bear... Herr Hellery let her Goose Stepping go on a bit lately... Eh?
a good man who is a huuuuuuuuyjkuyuy#ymttmhhh
Well said
Tantrums - evidence, please. When everything else fails, they blame EU, remoaners &amp; anyone else. Fact is that Brexit is a home-grown problem, and those promoting it are not willing to provide solutions, nor resolutions. Every time they are caught out, they use misdirection.
Why Gibraltar was a sticking point in Brexit negotiations via
Another way of seeing it: The least well off, who voted FOR #brexit in droves, decided to send a message: "I don't care about the world out there, I'd rather stick it to those know-it-all EU fans AND get my country back by stopping those damn foreigners from coming here"
Actually soft Brexit is no such thing. After voting to leave in 2016 and then using Article 50 we have. A trade deal with them is not staying in the EU. You’ve got your way. We’re out. Why on earth would you want to then sabotage any trade relationship?
Real reason has nothing to do with Brexit . French Bordeaux will be going up because of political unrest in France.Outright Greed factors in also. #Wine
The only good Brexit is no Brexit. You and your generation of politicians have betrayed the future. We won’t forget. As Michael Foot would have said, you are ‘the guilty men.’
The letter has been distributed to the media and published on a new government website.
Never thought I'd see the day I'd agree with Peter Robinson but this is it; time for everyone on this Island to stand together in whatever way we can to mitigate #Brexit catastrophe.
Michael St George This has just got a lot bigger than Brexit
The brexit voting UK public now know why we winged and complained about her ....
Britain gives assurances on Gibraltar, unlocking Brexit deal #Brexit
Theresa May, my letter you you. Dear Mrs May, Fuck off you incompetent, self interested, face saving oaf. Yours sincerely. Britain. #TheresaMay #PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitShambles #WithdrawlAgreement
My response, in haiku form:-
She won't anyway so it's an empty threat.
But there was nothing illegal about that, vote leave broke the law, leave eu and Arron Banks under investigation and now this
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Mind you we could do with a pro-Brexit riot, sadly just as people didn't bother voting UKIP neither will this materialise.
#Brexit In his speech to the DUPers Conference in Belfast today, Boris Johnson warned of the ICEBERG ahead???????????????????????????????????????? DUPers tried hard to laugh.
British in west Cork fearful about what #Brexit deal – or no deal – will bring cc. (NOTE: local auctioneer says 37% of properties he sold around west Cork in 2016 were to people in Britain)
#Spain to back #Brexit deal after pre-summit talks
#Spain to back #Brexit deal after pre-summit talks
When Theresa May said "Brexit means Brexit", we now know what she really meant: Selling Gibraltar to Spain. Abandoning Northern Ireland. Stockpiling drugs &amp; food. Allowing 66m Britons losing their rights in 27 countries. But we get blue passports...
You didn’t want Brexit. You voted against Brexit. You and politicised civil servants undermined the Brexit vote and the work of consecutive Brexit Secretaries at every stage. This surrender declaration to the EU and remainers was by design and your intent all along. Resign.
Huge perversion of democracy. Pure and simple. We voted out and then persuaded to vote back in? We can now do that every time we elect a government. If I don't like it I can whip up a no vote and get rid of any government every two years. Its called "Case Law". Got it!!! In fact,
o pardon! since a crooked figure may attest in little place a million
Jeez - what a vile piece of scum.
Were you mis-sold #Brexit? Then you could be entitled to a #PeoplesVote, and could save £££.
Save our #Brexit: May urges #UK public to back her in letter to the nation | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Save our #Brexit: May urges #UK public to back her in letter to the nation | Article [AMP] | Reuters
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU via
All it was about was keeping the Tory Party together..Brexit will be a disaster for whatever party..
But wouldn't that be good news??!!!
Old Labour , Bennites etc, always saw EEC/EU as a "capitalist club". Corbyn still does, and he doesnt like the state aid restrictions. Plus Labour have nothing to gain from supporting a Tory Brexit.
Would you vote for Theresa May’s #Brexit deal ?
'We won get over it' doesn't cut deals with the EU Doris
...maybe because it's fiction and, as much as we might wish trump and brexit were fiction too, they're still relevant to real life events?
***New Trend Alert*** 1. World Cup 2. #pharos 3. Dunedin 4. Kiwis 5. #brexit
Please please please sod off you sodding traitors.... #brexit
A lot of regret now in GB after a ridiculous Brexit vote. It will take years to renegotiate hundreds of trade treaties.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
A referendum on what? Again on a hollow question without mening or content?
itshappening.jpg
The latest LISTEN Up Scotland! Thanks to #brexit #pmqs
MSM hv pushed Brexit &amp; smeared Corbyn. Their elite agenda means naive voters would choose a lying, cruel sociopath like May over an honest, caring Social Democrat! Don’t be fooled! Only Lab will save NHS &amp; halt austerity!
Heart and soul...... Don't make me laugh, she is devoid of both. This brexit agreement of hers is so bad, if passed it will harm this country for generations to come.
Has Christmas come early for democracy?
2/ As for "Some staunch Brexit supports have said the same" Staunch? Really? Do you mean Dominic Raab? He said May's deal was worse than being in the EU, as a few have. That's not the same as saying "let's remain instead" Clutching at straws Graham.
I think there should be a People’s Vote on the final Brexit Deal with option to Remain. But as we’re still being told what the Deal is, and Parliament has to vote on it first, that’s where my focus is for now. Villify me for that if you wish, but I’ve now muted this conversation.
The European Union and Britain have reached a deal over Gibraltar. But why was Gibraltar a sticking point in Brexit negotiations? CGTN's Al Goodman explains the history and the current issues at hand.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
She has to go, we've been paralysed for two bloody years, Corbyn needs to go too. Two awful people in a horrible dance of co-dependency - stuck, constipated.
Agree. This whole exercise by #May #Robbins &amp; #Tory #Cabinet amounts to a sham #Brexit. It’s #Remain by any name. If we #Leave why are we negotiating to stay in &amp; pay £39billion to do so. #NoDeal #WTO is leaving, anything less now is betrayal.
The one choice which has never been tried.Brexit, WTO ISA GOOD OPTION. Once out we would be in a better position to negotiate, but Jo Johnson won’t even concider that because it might work.
Since you RTed the PM's letter, do you support the Brexit deal?
I liked a video What Will Happen to Gibraltar After Brexit - Brexit Explained
Brexit is a massive (deliberate?) distraction. Ask yourself, is Brexit a political tool to distract the sheeple from something else that is going on behind their backs?
The fact we're throwing Gibraltar under the bus tells me all I need to know about your brexit delusions.
When we stop Brexit of course
No it won’t..in the past they have replaced the PM very quickly...just more lies from her!
If the UK parliament doesn’t accept the Brexit deal - what is likely outcome ?? Ireland united? Spanish Gibraltar ?
My comment, in haiku form:-
Theresa May and Jean-Claude Juncker meet for key talks over Gibraltar
Anything to say?
BBC commentators persisting with the light tone while UK burns.
I’d say she is rightly honouring her duty to act in the interests of the country, rather than exclusively for those that interpret Brexit in an ideological way. She *believes* she has carried out her duty to get a deal that works for everyone - if it falls through Parliament,
For anyone lost in the mire of the WA, suggest you read this
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Omg he actually thinks this a threat lol Hurry up then Phillip old chum, if you can actually work out how to leave
Finally, some good news! #MayMustGO #hammondmustgo #WTOBrexit
Here's why the tiny peninsula of Gibraltar is having an outsized effect on Brexit | CBC Radio
while conveniently ignoring that brexit itself was an act of economic aggression "give us a special deal or your economies will suffer" brexit was always doomed because their maths skills were inversely proportional to their sense of entitlement
Can you ask them to sort out that Brexit mess while you're at it?
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Bill i hope when comes back to front line politics when Brexit is betrayed that you will be part of the new movement/party. UKIP is going down the wrong road with Batten &amp; will alienate many voters, the 17.4M will desperately need a new political home to go to.
Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch Brexit summit
And having read her letter....read this
A really balanced, objective, and sensitive statement. Hornchurch and Upminster are a good deal more fortunate in their MP, than many in the land, notably Maidenhead and Islington North.
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
Fortunately we shall #StopBrexit and May’s promises are not legally binding
A Brexit deal should not affect the future of investment in UK or Europe. #startups
New post (EU's Tusk recommends that EU approves Brexit deal on Sunday) has been published on newsofdayonline -
Actually Brexit has done that. If you bothered to notice, Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to remain in the EU. Any disintegration of the Union will come from that. Both nations have the right to seek their own path; England doesn’t own them.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
"...led by a Prime Minister prepared to destroy her own party, even democracy itself, to perpetuate Britain’s subservience to the anti-democratic supranational EU."
UK Parliament (note that's different from the UK Government) and UK Courts finally say Fuck this Shit, it's Time to Kick some Arses:
Nadine Dorries just slammed Theresa May's Brexit plan on Sky News for the strangest of reasons | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European GRIPPING ISNT IT? Still finding it hard to believe this woman said this.
Oh And another thing, , #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw and we're #NotBuyingIt . Take your silly letter and run along.
They’re looking at the ‘enemy within’ scenario, troops on the post brexit streets of UK...A cost saving exercise!
Corbyn's Lab supporting Tory brexit p*sses off Momentum (92% want Lab to reject deal &amp; get 2nd Ref) &amp; being associated with "worst deal in history" is not a good move, esp w/ Lab heartlands.
Brexit means leave the EU. it's not a self referring tautology
Another day, another Brexit summit - but this one will show us how united the EU is (via )
Omg this is amazing ... please let it be true!!!!
Fortunately #Brexit is not facing trouble due to money or power. All you have to do is vote, and the leaders will do just what the people say.
I know my kids speak Spanish better than me but I’m pretty sure he said “Co-Sovereignty”... May has just agreed that the UK Government (unlikely to be her!) will discuss this in future...
Why would a referendum on a known deal mean a Remain victory? Surely the basis to proceed with Brexit (Hard or Soft) is a majority support it, &amp; Leave would win.
#TheresaMay lists 40 reasons to back the #Brexit deal in desperate bid to pass agreement
"Now, it's a big thing to litigate the very validity of Brexit. But if Russian athletes win Olympic medals when they are taking drugs, their victories are not valid. The same is true of a corrupt vote." Ewan Mcgaughey #brexit
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
I’d love to say hahaha blame trump but all you selfish bastards who voted brexit my funeral will call you out.
I don't recall the UK Govt actually asking Spain if it could join the E.U. ( Common Market ) back in the 1970s ? so why consult with them on Leaving !!
Theresa May's Brexit plan 'pitiful', PM's coalition partners say
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
The Spanish PM can kiss the UK parliaments arse in no way is this nation going to give you a single say in Gibraltar !!!! #Brexit #southsea #Gibraltar #bbcnews
OMFG I heard that within days of a no deal Brexit the devil himself will appear and butt f@&amp;k every remainer in the arse before eating the first born child of every family in the UK before a thousand years of petulance. I'm not even lying!
Putin, there's a trail for Brexit and Trump. Banks is now under investigation by NCA and has proven to be lying on numerous occasions. Not to mention the crooked practices of the crooks in the DUP, IEA, TPA, ASI, Vote Leave, etc etc. EU is not over. Let's ask the people
Are you still backing the mental case. Conservative MPs please get those letters in. I think this old lady has lost her mind. Brexit does not mean remain.
Just this
Crooks as well as treacherous and acting against UK.
this Brexit shit is just depressing and anyone who says otherwise can politely exit from my life, ideally more efficiently than this absolute bullshite that you voted for thanks x
As you've left the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation would you kindly remind the public and political world thst A50 is only valid if constitutionally conducted? The referendum was a fraudulent process, from Tchenguiz &amp; Banks &amp; their friends onward...
UK - EU - - Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms - ABC News -
This makes Facebook a Brexit crime scene.
Mrs #May is the Weakest PM this Country has ever had.
Fake news.
Juncker is also telling her how to sell out her country.
As I said in an earlier tweet from yesterday the ruling class will not take Brexit lying down. Remember Allende.
This stuff barely even raises an ironic smile anymore.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Has it occurred to you that this is because we need the EU a lot more than they need us? This is a crap deal because we held none of the cards. I know you don't understand much, but try to see that you caused this by voting for Brexit.
What the fuck. Why are lefties retweeting racist pigs into my timeline? You don't like Theerza May's Brexit plans is no reason to align with racists and pigs. Just fuck off
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
What's the best article that explains why May's #Brexit deal is a bad idea? Asking for a friend who voted Leave cause he wanted to "slap the system" but who's now having second thoughts.
GivenUK is on EU's doorstep, then inevitable that EU will do it's best to prevent UK (or any other power) from undermining it (in terms of trade) post Brexit. Soooo - I assume there will be clauses in the FTA they're negotiating with NZ that will address this, to UK's detriment.
She has achieved one thing ... She has United the UK ... Both remainers and leavers think her brexit deal is complete rubbish ....
Perhaps Brexit will be stopped by the serjeant-at-arms too? Maybe that’s all we’ve got now: going fully Medieval.
The man who menacingly predicted violence if *we* don't get the kind of Brexit *he* wants, is now heartbroken at the thought of violence; have I got that right?
Mirror against Corbyn. Don't buy the Mirror or have it's app. #boycottTheMirror
True brexit is a fantasy. This is your brexit either deal with it or ask for another go you mard twit. #Peoplesvote
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Just commented on : Ex-No 10 Brexit spokesperson: 'Brexit has made the rest of the UK more like Nort -
Petition: STOP BREXIT
UK - EU - - Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms - AP - ABC News -
No. No way in hell.
Soft Brexit = Remain. Pleas then explain what soft Brexit is then so that we all understand what your terms above mean.
Since #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw you shouldn’t be negotiating with who has covered it up. No deal with the #Brexit criminals.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
None of them.
So could Corbyn then be our best option in terms of a full Brexit and WTO?
They have had a couple years to put together a sweet brexit deal. Show it to voters and let them decide. Please.
Brexit is a battle of ideas on who has the best ideas to knock out the opponent. Please read an article titled Ideas on the link below. Search for it on the top right hand corner of the search panel. Very relevant to our current status quo
I left Scotland with my wife a few months ago. She a Princeton educated economist. Me a Harvard educated economist. Let us know when this atrocious Brexit is over. We would love someday to come back and call Scotland our home and educate young people.
A lot of scared and confused #Brexit folk getting angry about Northern Ireland and #Gibraltar. It’s a brutal lesson in the ever so complex and grey areas of international diplomacy.
You are the worst, the most duplicitous and pathetic PM that we have ever had. Nobody believes a word that you say any more after all the lies that you told to get re-elected to betray Brexit. You're just another Globalist EU sell out and a traitor. Hopefully you'll be gone soon.
And remember, Brexit was a Russia troll-farm psyop, just like Calexit attempted to be
MAKE BREXIT GREAT AGAIN!!!!!
We voted for Brexit. This isn’t Brexit.
Hopefully he will stay there cleaning toilets
Absolutely....and on a bigger scale.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
The plan
Several lies/ deceipts here. To start: 1) We're either in or out of ALL EU programmes. So we leave Europol and Eurasmus. 2) SNP see Brexit as chance for indyref2 3) If you really wanted to put aside labels why did you accuse Europeans of 'jumping the queue'?
Mrs May also contends that the remit of the CJEU will end with the Brexit Agreement. This is patently untrue. 6
UK PM May is caving in to demands in order to save her draft Brexit agreement. Labour must join with the opposition parties and demand additional welfare reform changes—not only to Universal Credit. Osborne's heinous ESA WRAG cuts must be reversed: 10 WRAG people a day are dying.
Brexit would Trigger ‘Economic and Financial Shock’ to UK
Go . come on get your big girl panties on and debate!!! You can't just rule from an ivory tower.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
You don’t have the seats in Parliament. You don’t have the seats because your hard WTO Brexit doesn’t have support in the country. That’s it basically.
The problem you have is a PM that was always strongly opposed to Brexit and so has no vested interest in negotiating a good deal. Her ideology trumps her interest in fulfilling the wishes of the British people, she is a disgrace
Sadly we’ve done the exact opposite of “taking back control” of those things which we never lost &amp; have we’ve become a dictatorship in the process. It’s heartbreaking. Brexit is far worse than something that dims or diminishes. It will break our union &amp; the parties supporting it.
Might be easier to get rid of the Tories now that the “middle classes” are expecting Brexit to effect them negatively. Didn’t care about the poor whilst voting them in for the past 10 years obviously but, you know...
#Brexit self harm demands intervention moral imperative - #Economy stupid - #Tories n #Maybot have 1 imperative protecting unity of #Conservative Party as #Corbyn don't care about 'the people' only dogma. There's no clear plan, just list of aspirations. a wish list. Nothing more.
another good reason for #Brexit what is the child executing god of Israel and his minions up to???? disgusted!!!!! Long live #Kurdistan #Afrin always fighting for you!!!!! &lt;3 om namah shivaya!!! the god of Israel is dead!
UK would need EU bank's help in chaotic no-deal Brexit scenario
Babbling - evidence, please. Meanwhile, are you happy with May's Brexit deal? Fact: UK cannot honor anything, if it as a country is not honorable in upholding a Peace treaty (GFA) previously entered in to. Otherwise, Britain would be deemed to be dishonorable. Go figure...
is not even proud that mainland UK is British, leave alone Gibraltar. Not even #standup4brexit she is selling us a 'Pig in a Poke' with the straight face of a second hand car salesman. #brexit
Well that worked well. ARGUMENT settled.
Brexit was predominantly an immigration vote. That’s why the most important thing for Teresa May to deliver was control of borders. And now brexiteers day no, we wanted all the other stuff we were promised too.
SABOTAGE ALERT! #Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
Too. Fcuking. Late. #byebyeBBC
I will hopefully have timings for The Great BREXIT Betrayal March on Monday...will post as soon as I know.....we need as many as we can to join in....Tommy &amp; Gerard will be amongst the speakers.....
This!!!
"heart and soul"?!! she has none #stopbrexit
OMFG I heard that within days of a no deal Brexit the devil himself will appear and f@&amp;k every remainer in the arse (without spit we are talking dry here) before eating the first born child of every family in the UK before a thousand years of pestilence. I'm not even lying!
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May’s Brexit ‘letter to the nation’ :
And let us, ciphers to this great accompt on your imaginary forces work
17th to 23rd in four years, steady slide of 1.5 places a year before and after brexit
Spanish prime minister warns Brexit summit to be called off if there's no Gibraltar deal (via )
Is this scaremongering #BrexitChaos
Kafkaesque daydream / nightmare. History will be brutal to Maybot et al. BREXIT cognitive biases...
May receives rare good news on #Brexit plan after securing Tusk support
Nigerians continuing to fail us even overseas soon be deported when Brexit No Deal comes in force March 29th, send my people back they can't behave only allow the ones who aint on this gang shit and on this positivity.
She is the worst pm in history, she will be seen in 100 years time as the one that gave up the country without a shot being fired
Remainer's are no longer cheering on this deceitful Prime Minister. She's duped the whole country! #Brexit
Brexit explained
Brexit has made the EU stronger as it has made the UK weaker.
Hi It is time to call a halt. #Brexit Poll reveals the majority of Brexiteers' constituents would now vote Remain
What utter rubbish. No twitter I’ve ever read has suggested any such thing. What I do think is true is that Remainers believe it will be status quo if Gov decide to overrule the Brexit decision &amp; keep us in. Fat chance. There would have been no status quo even if Remain had won
Gibraltar deal clears way for Brexit summit
Yes it will they only keep telling you that in the media to put you to sleep like they've been doing for 2 years when they told you tories were party of Brexit.
this would be the ideal scenario
The Brexiteers are now admitting that what *May's capitulation* really looks like is much worse than being in the EU. There. I fixed it for you. FFS.
Well that threat seems to worry everyone.....
The Daily Brexit: Royal Navy faces off with Spanish vessel in Britis...
How likely is this to succeed?
Who else thought she was resigning? #Brexit #Conservatives
TREASON MAY #BrexitDeal
New ‘gang of five’ in second cabinet mutiny on Brexit via
And delivering a "true Brexit" will do huge and lasting damage to our economy. Which is preferable: a full belly or a blue passport?
British Prime Minister Theresa May, who arrived in Brussels Saturday evening for preparatory talks with EU leaders, will have the momentous task of selling the deal to a recalcitrant British Parliament and a nation still fundamentally split over the issue.
The #Brits just wanted to have the #Brexit. And PM May as a good person did, what the the people voted her to do..!
Check these books out then John:
May appeals to the maj of English who voted and says Brexit day, on 29 March next year, “must mark the point when we put aside the labels of ‘Leave’ and ‘Remain’ for good and we come together again as one people”
They have ignored us for too long. Reject Parliament's plans for a potable brexit and demand an antic brexit!
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms #SinclairLaw
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
And in today’s news: Brexit could have an impact on poker… Wait…. Really? #Blog #article #poker #news #PokerRooms #situation #Saturdays
With all due respect my British friend, what y’all SHOULD be focused on to the exclusion of all else, is getting that 2nd Referendum off the ground so you can vote to #ExitBrexit, &amp; stay w/the EU. Brexit was a Putin plan, &amp; dream come true from the start. Farage, Banks, Bannon...
The #Brexit look to me like "This is my own god damn house, EU can't tell me what I can do with my own house, I can burn down own f'ing house" scenario.
Has offered to repay the alleged £14 Billion+ that was lent by UK and not #EU for #Ireland not to go bankrupt? #Brexit
Please, do it! A POR ELLOS!!!!
You guys need Trump to come in there and kick it up.
Fireworks. Well Monsieur Jupiter is a ex Rothschild minions which means he can do maths so he knew that if France want to wrestle EU control from Germany back in ~2025 he have to throw a lot of $ to keep EU afloat (especially after Brexit is happening).
"Of course I've washed them, would I lie to you?" #Brexit
We are traveling over to the UK from Canada in December, do you have any exhibitions currently in London? Would love to see your Brexit pots? #graysonperry #Brexit
UK farmers urged to look to profit and ‘Brexit-proof’ their businesses
I looooove how brits dump on us Americans for electing trump but don’t say a word about the brexit mess they’re in. Clean your own house.
Can anybody let me know where to read the deal details? Really want to know how bad it is before judgement. I support Brexit but not give up own lands.
Link:
GLOBAL TRADE-1A: 11/22/18- The Brexit deal language is hard to discipher, but here is 1 paraphrased interpretation: (There's a)“…key sentence…plenty of room in negotiations to come.” Here's the BBC article for those who like to follow trade.
I want to look forward not be a European Union came at a bolder embrace the EU itself – though that we are different. #brexit
Warning signs - Duncan and Treason May have said they stand behind Gibraltar. I suggested citizens of tool up now for imminent Spanish invasion #brexit #BrexitBetrayal
ROMANIA will oversee the admin of BREXIT 29th 2019
"Deliver a #Brexit deal that works for every part of our country" Already you have fucked over everyone that you determine as "every part of our country"
The scheming #Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Is the UK at last turning into a tough adversary on Brexit - or is it all just an accident? via
Read this by Professor Tomb. He gets it
correction Theresa May lies to the public about Brexit deal that she got Wrong.
DAX Rises On Brexit Optimism #europemarkets
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Brexit is like a 18yo saying he wants to move out from his parents so he can do as they wish than be told what they can do.But you will be worse off they say. Its worth it as i can do things without being told what i can do. You still got to pay us if you want to visit.Yeah right
Confused About Brexit? Don't Be: Here's What Comes Next For The UK
I know this is nothing to do with brexit but please stop article 13 it is going to effect millions of jobs not just in the EU but all over the world so please think of the people you will effect we all know you are protecting copyright but please stop #SaveYourInternet #Article13
Used or sacrificed to #Brexit: Gibraltar 3M EU citizens in the UK 1M Britons in the EU The DUP The children &amp; grandchildren of the UK electorate UK business The UK economy The GFA 16M Remainers . That far outstrips the 17M who wanted Brexit in 2016 #PeoplesVote NOW please. #marr
To be honest if they had to move and choose between Spain &amp; UK most Gibraltarians would move to Spain. #Brexit #TheresaMay
This is going to get interesting.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
ROMANIA will oversee the admin of BREXIT 29th 2019
#tiredofbrexit #Brexit is more of a mind fuck for Northern Ireland than the troubles ffs #RONI #RepublicofNorthernIreland
we've found the reason of the brexit, geopolitic specialists hate us
We are closer to a #BrexitDeal - but will it be a deal worth taking? BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
New post: UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal
Shocking, since Britain's always been so supportive of Ireland in its times of need.
I thought the North of Ireland voted against Brexit. Am I correct?
Steven. The UK would take on an inferior Spain and win. I think you are missing the point on brexit. Spain part of EU!!. UK on its own!! . UK attacks Spain, no UK attacks EU state. How would that finish. A bit of a mess for the UK. Thankfully not likely
Hmm ... IMHO she's more likely to pretend to do something while the clock ticks down to no-deal. The real objective is to evade the EU anti-corruption moves that come in in April.
Why would we get behind anything so monumentally idiotic as Brexit? You still don't get it, do you? Millions of us have no representation. So no, get bent.
No I think we need a change of perspective from Labour on Brexit, its about time we has a postive post-Brexit celebration of the increased powers of the UK national government to pursue a sustainable recovery from Tory mob rule outside the confines of the EU. Nothing less will do
PM lieds To Public About Brexit Deal
“I needed to ply everyone with alcohol to make them say nice things.”
Nigel just wants his old job back. Best thing for him would be a #PeoplesVote so that he can run for MEP again &amp; spend the next decade demanding a "real" Brexit.
And this by a former senior civil servant. Last paragraph nails it
Theresa May. My open letter to you; Dear Mrs May, Why don't you just fuck off, you incompetent, spineless, self interested, face saving oaf? Yours sincerely. Britain. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #WithdrawlAgreement #BrexitShambles
EU, Spain reach agreement on Gibraltar, Brexit summit to go ahead via
This nasty piece of work has 4K+ followers, all riled up and ready to riot if they don’t get Brexit. They are a danger to our way of life, our values and our future as British citizens.
Surely labour option is actually Labour Brexit? Or are you trying to confuse Remainers that labour means remain which clearly it doesn’t?
Cornelia Meyer : May’s Brexit gamble goes down to the wire
I do, and I’m right too.
This deal will fail. May is indicating a preference for No deal over No Brexit. In which case All opposition MPs need to vote no confidence in this government. And Tory remainers could even join in and resign the whip.
May receives rare good news on Brexit plan after securing Tusk support
Are you happy with the #BrexitAgreement ? #BrexitDeal #BrexitLeavesBritainNaked #BrexitShambles #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Don't forget Brexit
Best Brexit anology linked to those who said it would be easy. It's like finding a bomb in your kitchen and sending in Gazza and a kangaroo to diffuse it. Yeah, no worries.
You need to calm down son and realise there R a lot of different reasons why people voted for brexit. many of them are ordinary people who saw a chance to change the way their lives are decided. So you can stick your metropolitan supercilious bollocks up your pipe and swallow it.
Ah yes, the EU was the one who will take away the UK's MEPs and Commissioners by making the UK vote for Brexit. It's the EU's fault there will be no more Freedom of Movement, no more Common Agriculture Policy or Common Fisheries Policy applied to the UK. #delusional
Oooooh you're sassy. I like you. Such a waste. But hey.. Hope Batten, Brexit and Robinson work out for you. I'll wave at you from Luxembourg when the £ slumps to sweet fuck all.
We now go live to Brexit
I added a video to a playlist Why Gibraltar was a sticking point in Brexit negotiations
May Starts Media Campaign to Win Support for Deal: Brexit Update
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms -
If you’re a Teaching Assistant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Deal or no deal – how could Brexit affect the property market?
UK: 'Absolute disaster' – UKIP leader Batten on Brexit deal *PARTNER CON... via
Brexit Britain
Brexit: Theresa May writes ‘letter to nation’ insisting her withdrawal agreement works for ‘whole UK’
Something tells me this is gonna get used a lot over the coming few weeks #Brexit
There's stupid and then there's Boris Johnson. The man that helped bring about brexit, who then slipped away as he had no fucking idea what the hell it neant, how to do it, or what it would mean for the people of this country. He's either incredibly stupid or con man, maybe both.
Oh dear, so sad for as they call for no #IndyRef2 Scotland now sees them for the bunch of liars they are.
Everybody should do everything they possibly can to damage brexit.
This is typical of Brexit voters. Wrong about everything. You are not entitled to an Irish passport because you have an Irish grandparent. What you are entitled to do if you have an Irish grandparent is play soccer for the Irish Republic. That is KafkaInIreland!
Two lessons from Brexit: 1. This is what happens when you allow the extremists in a party drive the agenda. 2. This is what happens when you have an ineffectual and essentially non-existent opposition.
Something's rotten in the #UK! Nation descends into #Brexit chaos Austerity policy engulfs million citizens in misery Coterie of greedy shrinks thwarts biomedical research &amp; help for serious ill #MECFS patients Schools with medieval education methods Bad!
Farage and co mugged the UK off time to take back control of freedom for UK citizens stable economy and peace across the UK #fuck brexit
EU presidency urges Britain to ditch Brexit
Hey , to what extent do you agree with this?
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
Word is that her "deal" is not going to be accepted... They don't want to give up the free movement of continental workers - (Islamists?)
All their degrees and doctorates between the political elite, and they still fuck up the country. Maybe it's time for a change maybe it's time for us to form the next government, and opposition as well I better we could do a much better job than those who supposedly are qualified
Ex-UK Foreign Minister Boris Johnson Says Brexit Deal Like "Titanic"
Ex-No 10 #Brexit spokesperson: 'Brexit has made the rest of the #UK more like Northern Ireland'
will it stay free to retweet #skynews after #brexit or will i have to pay #eu #retweettax under #Article13 to retweet or with video?
Brexit: Is Shite
#Economy of #Brexit UK is going 2B worse, lower revenue for UK hence less on public services. Inflation is rising, pound has devalued. Statements that the £ was over-valued yet didn't see people rushing 2 short it over previous years.
She clearly hates our country...
Every single time you say anything about Brexit it's always the removal of freedom of movement you start with, what is wrong with you? Do you hate people of this continent, including UK citizens, so much that you trumpet this and think it's great? Xenophobia is very ugly.
This phrase not knowing what you voted for has been misinterpreted over the months. It means you don’t have a clue about every minute thing that will be negatively affected by your decision. It never meant you literally didn’t know the reasons you voted for brexit.
1) Pardon my language, but you're a fucking sociapath 2) Well done on only saying 'clear' once, albeit in the 2nd sentence 3) There will be no 'reconciliation' after Brexit. This self harming project has split the nation in 2, figuratively and quite possibly literally.
If I used all the time aimlessly browsing Grindr and ignoring everyone on it for something constructive I could probably have solved climate change or Brexit by now.
Yes, pretty annoyed with for blaming the English when it's utter neglect of several English regions (all voting leave) by the British Nationalists at Westminster that was a root cause of Brexit.
Thoughts on the current state of the UK and the brexit deal negotiations? Personally I think the best deal is to wait until March for the forced mandatory leave to ensure we don’t lose any other elements other than trade, currently May’s negotiations aren’t working imo.
is dishonest, disingenuous &amp; is taking the UK people for fools. Regardless of your views on Brexit, she is not the person who will look after your best interests. We all need to let her know, she must go.
In the absence of any party representing brexit ...other than tory people won’t bother voting , the turn out would be lowest in history Unless get rid of new pm ( brexitier) new cabinet then they would win
If UK gets one, WE get one. That's the rule.
A Brexit for job loss in the tourist sector.
No thanks #peoplesvote now please just let us make sure this is what we want as a majority of the country. Please. Just check. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Poll after poll after poll is showing that the people have changed their mind. They don't want the PM's #Brexit or any other type. Why is May still trying to impose her will on population that is opposing it in ever increasing numbers.
Just made a sale! Cherry's Brexit secretary interview fuck #MVSales #ManyVids
I voted to remain but this is a damn joke. #Gibraltar is not up to negotiations.
Lol, it was the rich that voted against Brexit. EU is a garbage heap, let it rot
Oh wow! Some good news at last
Lies, damned lies and Tory politicians.
... to Brexit.
The £39 billion TM agreed to give the EU could be closer to £60 billion if we end up extending the supposed “transition” period. There might be a bigger Brexit deal in two years’ time, but having banked both our money and Ireland, the EU has almost no incentive to give us one.
The latest The Angy Daily! Thanks to #archiv #brexit
GLOBAL TRADE-1A: 11/22/18- The Brexit deal is hard to follow, but here's this site's paraphrase: (There's a)“…key sentence…plenty of room in negotiations to come.” Here's the BBC article for those who like to follow trade. Click on pic.
No- but i know the subject of the EU. fyi ROMANIA will oversee the admin of BREXIT 29th 2019
I’m not celebrating an end to free movement - especially as those who wanted Brexit hate your deal too.
Your Brexit is Remain By Another Name end of!
I've previously said one of the UK's biggest problems is the lack of political unity on the big issues, but the responses to this would suggest people hold a fairly unanimous view on Theresa May's #Brexit.
He can probably wait it out till Britain descends into total anarchy, aka #brexit.
This has just got a lot bigger than #Brexit
I don't understand why Starmer was chosen as shadow Brexit sec as he is not a Leaver so doesn't believe in it.
And, even worse, the monkeys are laughing their legs off...
Spot on,
Scots Tory in £435,000 #Brexit 'dark money' row facing questions by MPs
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit -
interesting perspective Paul. I’m a Tory member but in despair over what is happening. If a vote for Corbyn meant the public got the Brexit they voted for I would do it. But of course how would the economy fare under Corbyn? This is what May is trying to scare people with.
The inside story of how Theresa May survived her most dangerous week yet
We now go live to Brexit
The polls are showing Remain in the lead. The Brexit referendum was fatally flawed and may be declared void by Christmas. Any deal you can make will leave us considerably worse off than in the EU, economically, politically and culturally. In our best interests, just #stopbrexit
And his by a former foreign minister of Australia
I find it unconscionable that our government and the Leave political class are trying to ram through Brexit before the law can catch up and rightfully declare the results unsafe due to breaches of the Venice code on referendums, Art 25 of ICPCR and Art 3 of 1st Protocol HRA.
Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
The love issue is hardly ever mentioned, but unless you are rich it will be difficult for Brits after Brexit to have anything but a holiday romance with fellow Europeans. Love will have borders, lots of red tape &amp; we will need at least £18,000 in the bank. Who voted for that?
Could you tell me as one of your constituents how you intend to vote in the upcoming parliamentary vote on Brexit
TY, it means a lot to us to know our friends across the pond have our backs. Just as we have yours. The traitorous treasonweasels at the highest reaches of Parliament, like Farage, Johnson, Banks, &amp; so many more stuffing Brexit down your throats are each close associates of Trump
This is iportant news...
Samuel Miller Following Following UK PM May is caving in to demands in order to save her draft Brexit agreement. Labour must join with the opposition parties and demand additional...
Not yet approved by the UK. 27 nations say Yes. One has yet to vote.
World: Northern Ireland says no deal as May urges public to back her Brexit
Well I do feel sorry for you. David Cameron had the vote and bailed leaving you to sort it the coward. You've done your best against the iron will of the eu. But sadly this isnt brexit just an alignment with them.
Start to finish, this letter is an utter disgrace
So #TheresaMay thinks #Brexit will start a new chapter in our national life, does she? Well she’s probably right. One that is miserable, impoverishing and utterly inglorious. She’ll certainly go down in history.
Reality is investigations by the UK Electoral Commission, the UK Parliament's Culture Select Committee, and the US Senate, on alleged Russian interference. This has raised questions over the legal validity of the Brexit referendum.
How do you convince someone that you can nail jello to the wall? Brexit is the biggest blunder a thin majority ever imposed on their fellow citizens. Sad.
I was hoping we could call it Article Thrifty. Leave with the most items at the cheapest price. But it appears May has shopping at Waitrose again. #Article50 #Brexit
The lying cannot be allowed to pass her #BrexitDeal (SellOut) in Parliament..... all #MPs must Vote against this betrayal of the #British People and British #Gibraltar! #VoteNoToMaysDeal #MayMustGoNow #ChucktheDeal #ChuckMay #Brexit #Tory #UK
Why Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The U.K.
win win
Things that will happen in the UK this winter: Everybody will slag off the Brexit deal. People will wish for snow only to then moan how cold and icy it is outside. We will drink lots of alcohol. Harry Redknapp will win I’m a Celebrity. The McFlurry machine will be broken.
Oh, he's spot on! It will be totally debilitating to the current political structure, but not to the UK and its people. Their political careers are over, whatever happens to Brexit. That was sealed the day A50 was triggered without a plan in sight.
May begs the public: unite behind me on #Brexit deal: - May begs the public: unite behind me on… #News #Politics
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
not only the party to wreck the Union but now giving away #Gibraltar. You do understand what 'acting in the national interest' actually means don't you?! Or are you acting in another nation's interest??
The Brexit negotiations show that there is no beginning to your talents.
May has to go and replace her with a team including Boris, Raab,Mordant, Patel, McVey, Davis etc BREXIT LATEST: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May | Politics | News |
Lol, you are joking! If you don’t think freedom of movement was a big part of why Brexit happened your mad, both leave and remain admit to that that. Go around most working class communities all will say the same
Does it look like Brexit has been a success?
I've decided it would be best if the Brexit withdrawal agreement were taken to the vets in the morning and peacefully euthenased.
Not a cat’s chance in hell.
#NoDealBrexit is what we voted for We didn't vote for a negotiation. We voted to regain our sovereignty and independence Please sign and retweet this petition Out means Out #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #Bluehand #TheresaMay #MayMustGo
yes. and god damn Brexit Labour.
Northern Ireland says no deal as May urges public to back her Brexit
If you seriously think this is delivering Brexit, Prime Minister, then there is only one honourable action to take; resign. #notinourname
This is important news...
The downfall of May is very close, she stepped out of her bunker and all she could see was chaos of her own making. Her fake lies have been exposed and it's obvious to anyone but fools that she is finished. #MayMustGoNow before it's to late. #Brexit
Enough of banging on about Brexit it's time Scotland was talking about a new independence vote now is the time, we know we're out we know we had no say while N Ireland stay in how much more humiliation do we have to endure , it's time for #IndyRef2
It may of even shut Tony going on about Brexit!
Not half! It's a ploy to get more suits to join Team Farage. Easy to work out what's going on. Not about Tommy.. it's to oust Gerard. They will not win. They can raise money.. but they will not address the elephant.. and people need that as much as Brexit.
Boris Johnson compares Theresa May’s ‘humiliating’ Brexit deal to TITANIC and calls on UK not to pay £39billion divorce bill
Ok what’s your stance on BREXIT?
Narrator: It doesn’t
OK Mrs May, your time is up, piss off into the sunset &amp; don’t come back! You’ve screwed up Brexit &amp; humiliated your country, you’ll be remembered as the liar who sold out the British people, you should feel shame every day for the rest of your worthless life.
Morten Morland on #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave – political cartoon gallery in London
Northern Ireland says no deal as May urges public to back her Brexit
Hasn’t Frederick Forsyth missed off a zero? Oh yes ... not leader, just PM
just fuck off
"Mrs May said leaving the EU on March 29 2019 would mark “a new chapter in our national life”", is that not what some people are worried about? #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal #NoDealBrexit #BrexitAgreement
HMRC chief Jon Thompson reveals he received death threats over #Brexit customs warning #Borders
I don't think it's a victim either, you're quite right. I'd rather democracy took its course and the future pans itself out though - public representation standard has gone through the floor in the last 25 years and this is somewhere near the heart of the Brexit decision episode.
The latest + + NEWSWATCH4U + +! Thanks to #netzlese #brexit
A deal So good it needs sponsored Facebook adds and radio announcements Surely this should be selling itself What's the odds may does a Cameron on us post brexit
Good. Please take May with you. Then we can have a PM and a cabinet who actually believe in Brexit, rather than a bunch of liars that pretend they do.
Piece out our imperfections with your thoughts into a thousand parts divide one man
#Brexit so true - does not give the U.K. back control it reduces and removes it - stoping freedom of movement reduces U.K. citizens freedoms and liberties and this is just the start she will take away more of our freedoms which the EU prevents her from doing
No one's paying attention to Brexit. Tomorrow's the #Venom . I hope i win the free ticket. Can't waitttttttttt
#Brexit a wrong thing to do and is #economic self-harm. Players involved in trying to “deliver” it have demonstrated many times that they don’t have right skills, experience, knowledge or temperament. #Economy stupid #Maybot betrayal of #Gibraltar and #Irish and #fishermen
In chess there's a saying: "Don't use chess for political analogies, for the last time, you damn people, I'm coming for each and every one of you."
Completely agree with you it could be averted. Plus the description of May. Doubt it will be May that annuls Brexit though. She’s too far maybot to do a Uturn? Could be an overthrow at the last minute Raab or Gove if they get their chance - bloody hell, what does Murdoch want :(
Brexit: the most idiotic self-inflicted national crisis in history. We are a laughing stock because we have taken ourselves and our waning privilege far too seriously.
First time we have had the leader of a political party tweet a petition we have been promoting. Fantastic! Now RT the heck out of it!!!!
TRUMP IS DEAD! RETWEET THE NEWS! #wearedsb #RakeTheForest #music #video #RESIST #ResistanceRises #fucktrump #BrexitShambles #BrexitBetrayal #GTTO #brexit #RakeAmericaGreatAgain #rebelscum #TrumpRussia #Trump #nowplaying
Once again, a good and thoughtful article by Matthew Parris on #Brexit. "Remaines must reject May's Brexit Deal"
Boris Warns Brexit Plan Akin to Titanic Heading Toward Doom via
You are such a liar. You have lied and schemed since the day you took office. Everything you have done is to undermine brexit.
Truly poetic
She can fuck right off
How very Brexit indeed. urghhh.
An open letter to the public means nothing if we cannot voice our concerns back to her. She has ruled out a democratic #PeoplesVote time and time again. If she wants a question for it. 'What should Britain's future be? - No deal - Theresa May's Deal - No Brexit
Insane. You know what ‘Plan B’ is? Plan B is don’t fucking #Brexit. Step back from the abyss, give your head a shake, admit that you were conned, and hold a #PeoplesVote.
Great, so now what? Wouldn‘t a revote make the most sense? Why should Britain leave the european Union? This is so stupid! Feeling mean: but most who voted for brexit probably died in the meantime. Regarding that it was mostly old people who fucked this up.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Pure magic - the UK Parliament starts the fight to restore British democracy - with a message for other Parliaments . How long now before the UK Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards summarily removes May and her "brexit" ministers from Office ?
Wow, spot on
This is HUGE news and for those hanging onto #Brexit it proves we still have our sovereignty whilst in the EU. If this was why you voted quit, you were told untruths. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Traitor selling us out too the EU stop telling porkies we know u are lieing this is not what 17.4M people voted for u need too resign WTO is REAL BREXIT!!not ur fake version...
So there we have it, Brexit= Lockdown of Scottish citizens from travelling working loving in 27 EU nation states unless you get a visa &amp; pay through the nose, Xenophobia against EU nationals living in Scotland, NI &amp; Gib get to Remain in the CU &amp; SM, Scotland Ignored, #IndyrefNOW
No point, anything she writes or says cannot be believed or relied upon. She has zero credibility, the scale of her lies and deceit has meant she is not to be ever trusted again.
There are very contradictory and presumptive points in that article, firstly Brexit hasn’t happened yet so to say employment and growth has risen is not an argument currently.
“It is with regret, therefore, that I simply cannot envisage voting for the government’s Withdrawal Agreement in its existing form, and I have informed my whip.”#Brexit
These MPs all need to put their egos away and support . Boris is the ONLY candidate that has the support of enough of the electorate to deliver #Brexit and deliver a big win for the at the next election. #backboris #boris4pm #MayMustGO
Dear Britain: #TheresaMay pens desperate letter for #Brexit backing as deal on brink
Thousands of workers ‘will face the sack if UK crashes out of EU’
Two interesting tweets.... Connected ?
#Spain to back #Brexit deal after pre-summit talks
Did the DUP wanted Brexit to stop Northern Ireland becoming more Irish than British? Quite an insane experiment considering you are playing with peoples lives. It’s wonderful to see you have Boris Johnson - visionary, intellectual and all round philosopher to promote your cause
Worth noting that this is relative to an equalised palette of pro-Remain/Neutral/pro-Brexit facts - which may explain the discrepancy between this paper and the one that found Leave voters "less knowledgeable". /1
Nothing much then, Theresa. #Gibraltar #CannonInFrontOfHer
Scots Tory in £435,000 Brexit "dark money" row facing questions by MPs #Scotland
Poor Ipswich brexit people
F*ck off, TRAITOR! - Dear Britain: theresa_may pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink
This has just got a lot bigger than Brexit via
Call Hammond's bluff.
This country is fast becoming a place that doesn’t represent my values
A thorough debunking of the notion the DUP sought Brexit for a hard border.
Brexit means Brexit.... You won, just get on with it!
Cutting News; #Brexit is now Trending fast at top 10 in Singapore :
Enough with brexit.... more important exits to concentrate on!
Chop chop cancel A50 and let's get the country back to dealing with actual important issues, brexit is just a waste of political time and massive amounts of money for no real gain. The EU was and is not the central issue facing us, domestic policy however is. Stop A50.
Please stop using the phrase 'take back control of our money'. Last time I looked, EU membership is less than 1% of total Government spending. Brexit will cost us far more in the short, medium and long term.
These idiot remainers blaming brexit for breaking up the UK it’s the Remainer in chief that’s doing that her and her Remainer lackies in Parliament
May flies to Brussels for Brexit summit
Opinion on brexit. — the eu is p bad all things considered but thats cause its capitalist brexit is bad tho and ppl who support it are big d…
May begs the public: unite behind me on a Micheal Jackson track when the Brexit deal fails to materialise.
Should Brexit happen, the history books will remember the Tories as the power-hungry xenophobes who were behind it. But they'll also remember Labour as the abject cowards who did virtually nothing to stand in their way. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Just wait until they send the Brexit suicide squad...
well you didn't have the balls to stay and sort the mess of brexit you chose to fall on your sword because you lost. You left it to Mrs may to sort out. Credit to her for trying ..... You deserve None
So we're agreed that no one is ever going to build a 'hard' (aka actual) border? Ok (I wish they would). But given they won't, solution is simply to use CCTV/intel/PSNI/HMRC research to identify illegality. It's the only answer given remainers negotiating brexit (god help us)
There is ZERO chance (if I was a BETTING man) of this deal getting through a Commons vote and passed a Spanish VETO - it'll 99% #NoDeal
Well here’s an interesting development
tackle a no deal brexit by stocking up on tinned food and insulin
A Senior Labour Councillor backing Spain over Gibraltar in the debate over the Rock's future post-Brexit. I thought we'd seen the last of this after Blair's failed attempt to sell off Gib in the 90s. Labour just can't bring themselves to take Britain's side.
No, but then again, I get it. Eventually (post-Brexit) I got sick of jumping through hoops and left.
My guide to being a successful #feminist in the world of #politics. 1. Say inflammatory things 2. Be outraged that people don't like it 3. Claim sexism 4. If you can, claim racism too 5. Get promoted 6. Be outraged people still don't like you 7. Blame everyone. #Brexit
Dup and titanic have much in common...brexit will be their iceberg and thinking they are unsinkable they are steering right for it...you can work out the ending #dup18
Yes oh so true
May, like Hammond before her, finally admits she’s not fully honoured the vote to leave the EU with her faux #Brexit withdrawal deal compromise plan: A deal that aims to please Remainers and Leavers can’t satisfy democratic vote to truly leave the EU. It’s an anti-democratic deal
Brits do not want any written deal. the want what they voted for. #Brexit #NODDEAL . May is trying to force all kinds of really bad policy on the Brits like no free movement, no trade deals with the USA, Trade with only EU countries. Its all deep state crap
Oh we can only hope!!
On defence
GLOBAL TRADE-1A: 11/22/18- The Brexit deal is hard to follow, but here's this site's paraphrase: (There's a) “…key sentence…plenty of room in negotiations to come.” Here's the BBC article for those who follow world trade. Click on pic.
You’ve clearly not been keeping up with the polls. Brexit is not the will of the people and hasn’t been for over a year now. It only some of you MPs that want to continue to impose on people now, despite the consequences.
What will she give away next the Falkland Islands,Does anyone still support this traitorous piece of garbage
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
You're obviously a sacrificial lamb. You know this. You don't, and never did, want brexit. So, cancel it, retire with you and your husband's millions and go waking holidays in Zermatt. Cheers
and make imaginary puissance
Spot on!
This is what brexit does to friendship
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
Fringe benefit of Brexit?
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the…
it’s obvious that you can’t sleep with the pressure of ‘Brexit means Brexit’ - You can make this problem go away #PeoplesVote
Spain agrees to Gibraltar deal, clearing path for Brexit withdrawal agreement via
rubbish deal. Am so tired of lying politicians - we always `had control` of borders as you well know - various UK governments just didn't fully implement it:
Not if she was adding up the votes.
All Labour MPs now in 53%+ Remain seats. 70 Tory MPs in Remain seats with less than 5000 majority. Name one single benefit that we can still expect from Brexit? Apart from slogans that is. Will we still have jobs or a country after Brexit? #PeoplesVote
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
What a bonus !!! No severance pay either !! Bye, bye #Hammond and sad sacks !!
If you think that, after pushing through Brexit and making us all poorer, undermining our universities and research institutions, putting our NHS in grave danger and taking away OUR freedom of movement, we or our children will ever forgive you – you are very wrong. #peoplesvote
Polls on Brexit aha, good one! This is the Onion right?
Theresa May’s ‘heart and soul’ letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
Yes and Northern Ireland to Eire. #Brexit sorted.
True. If the UK parliament does not approve it, then it is no deal Brexit. I don’t think there is a political will in U.K. or in EU to revoke article 50 and then everything will be back to normal like nothing happened. Brexit happened. It is sad though.
Here....
Well, . The first reason in your list is all I need to see. The end of #FreedomofMovement. The end of my ability to work in #Europe. Why do you think I should support that? You're my MP but you don't represent me or care about my welfare.
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
How does #PissOff sound? May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal | Politics | The Guardian
The best possible explanation and summary of what the #WithdrawalAgreement &amp; #PoliticalDeclaration mean. This, simply, is the worst deal and the sooner the PM understands the nation's view the better. #Brexit #Conservatives
YOU people are literally crazy. TEAR UP that deal! Don’t give away your own waters. Then HARD #BREXIT #BrexitDeal !
Also, we get a unicorn and unlimited Netfix for a whole year. I haven't read the details, but the Guardian tells me I did very well.
How likely is this to succeed?
Great to see that #PeoplesVote supporting MPs remain unswayed by the government's Brexit deal
, what you are proposing is neither wanted nor democratic. You are acting contrary to the best interests of the UK and it's people. Go.
3/ Of course, some FBPE types leapt on it, in their manic way. How remainers aren't supporting May's deal &amp; avoiding both a hard Brexit or no deal is unfathomable. If Ken Clarke &amp; Nicholas Soames are voting for it, even you must realise, this is a soft Brexit.
Excellent &amp; spot on analysis from Julia on the draft withdrawal agreement. Well worth reading in full #brexit
Tombs: "Theresa May’s #Brexit deal has angered #Leavers &amp; #Remainers alike. Far from repatriating powers to #Britain, it would hand even more power over to the #EU" Q. On whose authority is May acting, who calls time out? Not on the referendum, that decision was clear &gt; #LeaveEU
Those who pushed 4 #Brexit, supporting sunny uplands picture of how wonderful it’ll be when clearly not going 2B case in short term or maybe ever, were clearly dishonest. UK #Economy hurting badly already, now damaged and we haven't even left yet - stupid. #ExitBrexit #secondvote
UK is, soon to be was, a gateway. An attractive proposal in an international business stage. Enough from me though, read this:
Tommy Robinson and UKIP team up for march against Brexit betrayal
Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink -
Why do people keep insisting on making Brexit about party politics? Neither Govt nor opposition are unified on this and Brexit is still a catastrofucking long-term deeply damaging mess, whoever tries to execute it.
Good enough reason for a no deal Brexit if there ever was!! #Taxi4Hammond #Traitor
Incorrect. The brexit promised doesn't exist. What a shambolic mess.
Hard to imagine that the DUP's stance over Brexit, which the MAJORITY of our country disagrees with, will be looked back on fondly. Never mind RHI, Paisley Jr, ethnics out etc, etc. #DUP18
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU #FoxNews
Where is the Official Opposition on #Brexit tonite? Where are Corbyn, Emily Thornberry &amp; Keir Starmer at this time of national crisis? Where are their pubic utterances savaging the May-EU "Deal' &amp; her Gibraltar retreat? Instead, we seem to have Labour silence on Brexit. Again.
Jon McCourt: Brexit, Northern Ireland, And The Troubles via #remainandreform #cancelbrexit
No ! May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
#Maybot begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal. Last time she went to the “people” they removed her majority. #StrongAndStable #TakingBackControl
UK | The Brexit #UK #Brexit
This would be the best Christmas present ever. I so hope it's not fake news. High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Cop that: and this: Also, given more support Brexit than Leave when they didn't before, it follows some Leave supporters have switched sides.
You have taken a wrecking ball to the Union, the economy, to rights, to sovereignty, to freedoms and to our collective dignity You have even taken a wrecking ball to #Brexit itself I will NEVER unite with you #BackBritainNotBrexit
It really is also- differences. The average small town in Britain was over run with EU members and it changed TOO QUICKLY and TOO RADICALLY with all cultural norms and identity challenged. That is WHY the older voters wanted a BREXIT .
fuck #brexit
Is this guy suggesting that executing pro EU / anti Brexit people would show 'backbone' rather than horrific human rights abuse?
'Next Problem That the English and Welsh have self inflicted on UK- ITS BREAKUP. It’s coming it’s only a matter of, when, not if. Only solution to Scotland's Brexit problem is independence' via
Fishermen sold out, again. Scotland will be allowed in on day 1, EU says. (no such thing as queue) Scotland is a jewel...and will be part of the trading bloc. We will work with both, England sell more to us then we do them. NHS over stretched...Brexit pushing people out
Brexit innit. Now the scale of criminality behind the Leave vote is starting to become clear, maybe ask to start fighting it in parliament?
My response, in haiku form:-
The brexit bruisers are having their first match tomorrow so me the skipper and the gaffa went out for a pint to discuss tac tics. Some dwarf walks in bar, all creasin. Roge puts him in a bin bag and frank boots him out the pub, come on the bruisers
brexit is nr.2 trending hashtag in UK in last 2 hours. #brexit
Not. In. A. Million. Years.
Add this to the pile of things that won't happen in the event of a no deal.
associated-press|Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms|
I don't blame them for this. Why wouldn't they? May supinely agreed to the EU sequencing of negotiations. Given half a chance she would do the same again. The ONLY way to stop this lunacy is to vote down the deal once and for all and go to No Deal - warts and all.
independent|Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation|
Does it fuk
Don't despair Donald, we are going to stop #Brexit, and then we are going to deal with the crooks, liars, traitors and charlatans who have inflicted this madness on Britain.
independent|How Europe became the funeral pyre for Tory leaders|
reuters|Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation|
reuters|Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal|
What you need to know about the crucial EU Brexit summit
IT'S GIVEAWAY TIME! have a peek at this web-site eKidShopTeam Northern Ireland says no deal as May urges public to back her Brexit #cute #babygirl #christian #wrexham #daughter #cosplay #geboortekaart #omega3 #babyteething #puppy #mum
GLOBAL TRADE-1A: 11/22/18- The Brexit deal is hard to follow, but here's this site's paraphrase: (There's a) “…key sentence…plenty of room in negotiations to come.” Here's 's article for those who follow world trade. Click on pic.
Gunpowder treason and plot!
This is like the shower scene in #Dallas : #Brexit: #HighCourt to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as #Christmas after #ArronBanks investigation - The Independent
Brexit is the Equivalent of a Major Defeat in War
yeah, stay back so the ECJ can next rules that all eurocrat is not accountable to any voter on how they spent the tax payers money #Brexit
On the other hand, we (UK) need this info out there, before Brexit is in place.
#StopBrexit Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
You are not listening to Labour Party members and supporters on Brexit. Do you listen more to your constituents? Or are their opinions equally worthless and to be disregarded ?
But of course,weve been shafted
The deceit has convinced the ignorant that a no deal Brexit will be disastrous, just as a priest will convince his flock that leaving the church will mean certain Hell.
#Brexit WARNING: Boris says 'HISTORIC MISTAKE' will see #UK become a 'SATELLITE STATE' -
All and any type of Brexit will be an utter disaster for the people of the UK and a vast windfall for global corporates.
has lied &amp; lied &amp; lied &amp; lied &amp; do you know what? #LiedAgain. She should resign or be dragged off to the #Tower Brexit: Theresa May writes 'letter to nation' insisting her withdrawal agreement works for 'whole UK' | The Independent
Will it though Paul I can only see the ERG hard brexit
I suppose Brexit will drive wages up. Unless the economy goes into freefall of course.
#news Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink…
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Brexit. The abandonment of absolutely everything so rich people get even richer. This is not what anyone voted for.
No, , I'm not supporting your #brexit deal. Not now, not ever. #NoBrexit
Well done brexiters
NARRATOR: Little did he know, the bomb was actually British
... politics is alway personal ... more for some - less for others ... your rant just now, is to my mind a more valuable contribution to the BREXIT discussion than some economist rabbiting on about "trade figures" ...
Theresa May’s ‘heart and soul’ letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
I think you should be more worried about the £ &amp; the 1.3 trillion of EU money in British banks. What if they move it after Brexit? That sum is 4 x the amount that was needed to shore up British banking after the 2008 crash . Austerity will seem like a picnic if they do
independent|Brexit: Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch EU summit|
Being a citizen of a country “led” by such a deeply compromised (Westminster or Elm Guesthouse paedophiles anyone? Look into her family background...) and serially incompetent tone deaf loser is profoundly depressing. I’d rather kill myself than have her speak for me.
reuters|Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit|
A great many Tories are coming to believe that nodding through Mrs May’s Brexit deal might be the most reckless gamble of all.
Clue: one’s still in the tent, pissing out (just about). The other.....
As I pointed out as soon as I saw May’s original BREXIT letter she did not consider Gibraltar. Utter failure, shameful disgrace.
the-economist|The truth about a no-deal Brexit|
Where are your facts? Why are you obsessed with Corbyn? Why are you angry with Corbyn to the point of making up stuff when Brexit is a Tory creation? Why haven’t you got angry about Austerity, privatisation, the State of the NHS, schools?
My comment, in haiku form:-
4/ You may get your 2nd referendum, you may win, but you also may lose. As Diane Abbott said, "be careful what you wish for" A 2nd leave vote would result in a much harder Brexit. Bye!
DM: “Philip Hammond 'will quit the Cabinet&amp;take five ministers with him if Theresa May tries for a No Deal Brexit’”. Well, that’s a fair offer. We accept. Tell him to leave now&amp;to please make Hancock one of his five. He should have resigned rather than weaken UK fighting Brexit.
wow read the comments. Scathing. #Brexit
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May’s ‘pitiful’ Brexit deal
Is this Momentum's priority at the moment? Dressing up as lizards and going after cranks? People are dying because of Tory policies. What about a campaign calling for a GE? Setting out Labour's vision post Brexit? A Lexit message?
Great article! I think there's a typo in Part 2 though, "Take Stoke-on-Trent-South. The seat voted Labour from 1950 (when it was created) until 2018" shouldn't it be until 2017?
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
REMAIN party leader challenging REMAIN party leader to a debate about who can screw up BrExit the most when 52% of the country voted LEAVE What is the point of democracy?
This debunks your promises, one by one. Who is telling the truth?
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
Excellent coverage of our #UKEUchallenge in The Independent "Judges poised to fast-track explosive legal challenge after Theresa May’s ‘failure to act’ on growing evidence of illegality."
I agree, the only proviso is, there was never any chance of the 'good deal' we were all promised, it was built on lies by people who never did any analysis. The options from day one were: a) shite deal - b) crash out with no deal - c) cancel brexit and blame someone else
No. The consequence of a xenophobe implementing #brexit
One thing is for sure. Votes will not follow neatly along party lines when May’s Brexit Betrayal comes to the Commons.
The majority of these people voted to leave, they run the county council that voted to leave. As V/L coordinator many of them worked with me for brexit. But when the tough get going the tories start running. My apologies to the TORY breixteers I know who still stand and fight.
#Bullshit Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
This is huge #Brexit
Jesus its like going down with the Titanic, let brexit sink many many fathoms below the waters and lie for a while undisturbed. There are so many more vital pressing issues to face in 2018 how did politics get so entangled and trapped in this non issue. The EU needs reforms, end.
A cut down version of Jon Thompson and other speaking at the committee is here. It suits the agenda that no border will be needed, it conveniently stops to suit that agenda #Brexit
via Scots Tory in £435,000 Brexit "dark money" row facing questions by MPs
Yeah, right, #HarryFromWalthamForest #BrexitBS #LBC
Well done, - we Now urge you to send a letter in to the 1922 Committee, ASAP ! #MayMustGoNow !
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News. What next? The Falklands???!!!
New post (Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal) has been published on World News Time -
I'd love to know how many billions of public tax £'s have been flushed away on Brexit. A country in almost destitution has been dragged through the gutter to appease the lunatic far right of the Conservative Party.
Hear, hear, couldn't agree more
Brexit is a right wing project that will hit ordinary people hardest and erode our values, there's no progressive version. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
The present ones yes. Not the ones who’ve seen what a catastrofuck it’s descended into and conceded what a terrible idea it is. There isn’t a permissible level of stupidity, gullibility or propensity for self-harm which warrants still supporting Brexit.
Steve, it appears you are now the one using fear to sell your position on the Brexit debate. You criticize the people on the other side of the Brexit debate for using fear. Yet, now you are pulling out the fear card by saying we need the EU because of Putin.
If you’re a Travel Agent in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas. Judges poised to fast-track explosive legal challenge after Theresa May’s ‘failure to act’ on growing evidence of illegality
think when we talk of horses that you see them printing their proud hoofs i' the receiving earth
Make Britain/UK Great Again! Get rid of She is a global #Marxist and will not do what is best for UK EVER! #Marxism sucks!
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Italy may destroy EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row - #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
European Parliament: Stop the censorship-machinery! Save the Internet! - Sign the Petition! via This, is being largely ignored, because of the importance of Brexit. But, these new regulations, totally silence free debate on line.
#StopBrexit Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
A very good analysis. I was on the European Parliament Foreign Affairs Committee when we dealt with Norway, now one of the NILS (Norge, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Suisse). Is this the UK’s destiny?
These two con artistes promised to resign if NI got a different Brexit deal from Scotland. They promised to resign if Scottish Fisherman were screwd by Brexit Neither of them have the decency to respect their own word. Clearly come the Next General Election, they won't stand
To all those who say that we have sold out Gibraltar, read this from the Chief Minister. He should know.
Naaahhhh everyone has an agenda against him he’s a leader theres a reason why he’s captain , Brexit FC
However there are 17.4 Million People who believe that this Country should Govern itself.
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday #Brexit #summit | #Reuters
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
15,000 mongs do not momentum make Your readership belong in a septic tank
Could there be a second Brexit vote?
I rather like her. If she pulls the Backstop out of the fire at the last minute: she checkmates the entire British media (admittedly not so hard), solves Brexit and gives herself four years to destroy Corbyn.
Politicians have done everything they can to slow down brexit and make it seem unworkable. They will never let us leave. What this proves to all who voted on both sides is that your vote is irrelevant and democracy is an illusion.
In 2001 the Irish government managed to put up over 200 checkpoints at the Irish border manned by Gardai &amp; the Irish Army without contravening the Good Friday Agreement. Irish Revenue in 2017 said a no deal Brexit only requires 3-8 customs posts away from the border.
Ffksake, there is no end to this woman's treachery..
Just a timely remind that while we’re naval gazing re: Brexit, some very serious issues lurk on the horizon.
Please RT. Shall we unite behind May's Brexit deal?
Vote for #Brexit. Vote for wide scale political uncertainty. Vote for Food shortages. Vote for a civil disaster as large as the world wars.
Ooh, just like an advent calendar ....
How far can she go with this? It smacks of humiliating desperation!
The latest Political news! Thanks to #brexit #politics
The plan - the only plan that was ever feasible - is give 'em enough rope; once they tear themselves apart, push for a GE; win the GE; start Brexit negotiations on new terms; give voters the option of accepting those terms or remaining in EU. Now is not the time for infighting.
Having caved in to Spain, May denies caving in to Spain #BrexitLies
Fingers crossed for no deal (aka actual brexit) x17.4m
Name a fck....that is all.
You can't now claim we are all equal after telling me I have no right to oppose Brexit if I happen to have been born in the wrong country. Fuck you.
via High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
If ever there was a microcosm for #Brexit, I think arguing with my father and LGBT cousin might be it. ”I want Britain to be back British.” #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
If true, another crushing blow for the Nationalists and total damage for the rest of us #Brexits
Theresa May is in Brussels sealing her Brexit deal with the EU. Whether you voted Remain or Leave, is it time to swing behind the Prime Minister and accept that this is as good as we’re going to get? Join me from 1 on
Then you must rely on a nodeal PM taking power, such as JRM or BJ. But neither are stepping up. As it looks despite the EU ref and the GE, there is currently no motivation or probably majority for kamikaze/ nodeal Brexit.
But you are the one trying to undermine the only Brexit plan there is.
How would Labour who are focussed on using Brexit as a push for GE. No change in leader or government will be able to renegotiate with EU. They are bully boys. Never realised how much power they had.
It’s the Withdrawal Agreement deal, not the Brexit deal. That would include a trade deal
She didn’t take the job of PM, she was put there by the globalist elites who rigged the leadership ballot to avoid a member vote !!! #MayMustGo
My comment, in haiku form:-
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker | CBC Radio
Worse thing ever Brexit no doubt us working class at bottom of the chain will suffer now... ps this is not hate it’s my opinion
The full committee discussion is here, the relevant bit starts at 15.30 #Brexit
Reading the comments it seems that his threat is actually very welcome.
&lt;Crosses everything crossable&gt;
No Mrs May:Your deal works for a self-centred, selfish person who wants to hold on to power no matter what!
Respected UK polls show the majority of people in UK NOW wish to #Remain . You deluded Leave extremists both parties come again sprouting same rubbish as before referendum. Exit #Brexit #economy stupid - wake up from this nightmare - #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #Referendum2018
No, the electorate didn't vote for WTO - they were promised a Brexit nirvana. Now we see the facts - let the people decide. After all, the electorate can't be undemocratic towards themselves, it's impossible.
Brexit is a right wing project that will hit ordinary people hardest and erode our rights, there's no progressive version. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
This can only give us hope if we’re determined to be heard and right now, we’re still being ignored. Why aren’t we protesting? I really don’t understand the lack of passion and determination to get out there are be visible and an inconvenience! #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Brexit
Ping pong lad gets a front seat view and pontificates bollocks , whereas the lass calls it. #skynews #pingpongbollocks #Brexit #BrexitMeansBrexit
#Brexit talk us all through the logic here will you, based on your apparent deeply held current conviction?! Your constituency base deserve better than this. #ticktock
“We have to stop London before it destroys us!” #Brexit #DissolveTheUnion
A post-Brexit 'leftwing' UK would be VERY likely if Corbyn would stop ignoring the membership and start opposing Brexit/demanding a #PeoplesVote NOW. Even more likely if Corbyn were to step aside for a genuinely democratic leader who does the same. :-)
simple uk votet for a brexit on march 2019 with a vote for no extension of time
If true, another crushing blow for the Nationalists and total damage for the rest of us #BrexitChaos #Brexit #BrexitAgreement
Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit - Sky News
Not content with breaking up the UK, shattering the Good Friday Agreement, belittling EU citizens, starving public services, presiding over worst NHS crisis, May is now also prepared to give away sovereignty over Gibraltar! #Brexit is poison in a political bottle! #PeoplesVote
Go and read John Curtice's research on this subject. It's explicit that Corbyn's campaigning had no effect on the Labour supporters' intended referendum vote.
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
UK still won't be able to boot out rapists and murderers under Theresa May's hated Brexit deal
EU gives Spain reassurances over Gibraltar in Brexit deal: document -
Totally. The EEA option is soft Brexit poison to the Tory right but doable because its deliverable off the EU shelf. Tory civil war ensues but the economic shock's reduced. If it happened, would kill stone dead the UKOK attack line of a hard border with IndyScot.
Our chair, , is lead claimant. The Oral Permission Hearing is on 7 December. #UKEUChallenge
Isn’t this the same lady who played the flute to tell the Irish n British governments to stop Brexit or smth
Where is the Official Opposition on #Brexit tonite? Where are Corbyn, Emily Thornberry &amp; Keir Starmer at this time of national crisis? Where are their public utterances savaging the May-EU Deal &amp; her Gibraltar retreat? Instead, we seem to have Labour silence on Brexit. Again.
Listen Geoff. I’ve encountered quite a few like you. FBPE people are without doubt the MOST unpleasant, aggressive, dishonest people on Twitter. You’re consumed with hate and anger. You claim it’s over Brexit but it’s all directed at Corbyn/Labour. Will you please go away.
How easy it was for few people to hype up majority of British to destroy something many build over decades. Its the same set of tools gangsters, extremists &amp; terrorists uses to recruit young kids, mainly boys. Schools need to teach kids how our brains works. #Brexit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
So let’s be clear, your version of Brexit is to have no future relationship at all; or a trade deal which gives us all and then nothing; something no country does. Any trade deal won’t match any of that, which you must know is not achievable.
Save our Brexit – May urges #UK public to back her in letter to the nation: British Prime Minister… #breaking #news
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
It's the consequence of Brexit actually having no one meaning (hence "Brexit means Brexit" bollocks). May has lighted on one aspect - immigration - to woo the "fruitcakes, loonies &amp; closet racists" back into the Tory party from UKIP. It also chimes with her own prejudices
Democracy is great. We need more of it. It's a process, not an event. The last two years have provided more information on what #Brexit will mean. Seems fair enough to have the right to change your view in light of new information to me, no?
What would Maggie think, bet she's spinning in her grave.
European Union set to agree Brexit deal
Nigel Farage says he would accept a second referendum, Den. eg.
May’s ‘heart and soul’ letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Any chance of giving Scotland back to Scotland?
If there was a thick tick on that brexit vote slip this should be it
Thank goodness for experts. goes through the latest Brexit report so you don't have to (and it sounds like it wasn't worth reading).
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal #Politics #News #World #PoliticsToday #Breaking #Political #USA #RT #politicalreporter
Delivering Brexit in the form that the hard right elite (Mogg, Johnson etc., Public school educated) want will do untold damage to the economy of this country for years, decades to come. It will harm the so-called non-elite more than the elite. If Mogg et al are NOT elite, who is
This has just got a lot bigger than #Brexit
please read this before you vote
If you hadn't campaigned for Brexit we wouldn't be in this mess now. Sod off back to playing croquet or whatever you get up to when you're not basking in the attention of idiots.
You stupid fucking dunce. You are “honouring” a referendum result that was stolen with illegal money, fraud and lies. There is NO deal that “works for the whole country”, NO Brexit that is “in the national interest”. 56% (and riding) demand a #peoplesvote. NOW.
Fear of losing Brexit votes to UKIP if they undermine the result. With Tories, it’s always party over country.
#TheresaMay doesn’t want to leave the #EU &amp; so is using her #Brexitdeal to make sure the UK does not really #Brexit &amp; EU membership effectively continues after March 2019. The #transitiondeal, #backstop, CU &amp; common #rulebook are all designed to trap the UK &amp; stops us being free!
Dear Mrs May. Your letter to me is the stuff of lies and fantasy. Thatcher will rise from the dead before I back any Brexit deal. You are a disgrace to this country.
The cold light of a Brexit day
Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
Yes, the Brits are angry, and will be very angry if MPs let us down again. Forget brexit
And giving Ours in what he wants a weaker EU
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
Then it will be Brexiters and Rejoiners. #brexit #stopbrexit
Someone please tell me what PH has achieved for the good of this country? Because as much as I can think of him is that he is a very self centred man and doesn’t care about our country!
Brexit live
That lovely unifying deal that we're all meant to be rallying around. Seriously, don't faff about, just cancel the whole sorry experiment. #stopbrexit
Brexit means Brexit means in the belly of the Brexit
Interesting times. I can't see this passing in parliament though and won't lose much sleep if it doesn't. Stick or twist? twist.
If Brexit was being implemented in a coherent way, which had been prepared for, and which the Leave side themselves were all getting behind, then perhaps having voted to Remain I might concede that this is the way the country is going. But that just isn’t the case.
Can you smell what The Rock is cooking? It smells like no #Brexit thanks to #Gibraltar #SoMuchControl
Then you might like this:
The full committee discussion is here, the relevant bit starts at 15.30 #Brexit
#Brexit latest news: Britain accused of caving in over #Gibraltar - live updates
If every Sunday paper is not going with the fact that Scotland is the *only* country not getting shafted in the UK via brexit then we know for sure that the Scottish media has utterly failed in reporting the "news". The *only* country not to get it's voice respected in Brexit
#May has made the worst deal in history &amp; is now in propaganda overdrive to try &amp; sell her betrayal as a victory. The deal will cripple the UK for years which is what May wants so remainers can demand we rejoin the EU. May is agreeing a remainer Brexit that stops a real #Brexit!
You May be suprised but any private company CEO making executive decisions based on known fraud would have been prosecuted already.
Except that in post-Brexit exchange, £30K will only be about €10K. And £30K will be the cost of about a month’s worth of groceries for a family of four.
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
#Brexit misadventure fantasy is OVER - People please THINK #economy stupid - 1950s relived with Rees-Mogg and 1970s Corbyn insanity is never going to happen
As they should some report that he supplied the data analysis for #Brexit.
Really looking forward to brexit wrecking the British imperialist fever dream. As Ireland reunifies and we hand Gibraltar back to Spain. And we can blame it all on the tories.
We have though? We have a Conservative/DUP government now. It's not always been this way... There is a general election every 5 years where we vote on which government we want to have in power. AFAIK This won't change post Brexit?
This Brexit deal is a capitulation - pass it and our party will sleepwalk into electoral defeat, blogs
Not sure if this Indy doing a bit of clickbait or what. But extraordinary if claims of it being declared null and void. Also makes me think we are some sort of banana republic. What a state we are
You don't represent me. If you truly feel like you represent the people, you would listen to them now. But you don't. Ignorance isn't a new trait in politicians. And idiocy isn't either. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow
I live in Canada and no stranger to politics. I would like any of you to take a minute and imagine you receiving the #Brexit file for your first day as PM. She seems amazing. Easy for you to jump on your gang bang wagon.
I respect her for being a tough old bird but at the same time I see her stepping down before the year is out.
Why you have done nothing for us, the British public...
It’s basically Mr Bean v Mr Bond. No contest.
Brexiters are not ones to let facts and reality interfere with their feelings and beliefs.
Yes, I would like to see Scotlands First Minister Nicola Sturgeon have a debate with May. stop being so disrespectful to Scotland please.
No it shows that no one likes the #WithdrawalAgreement that his sold us out on. We can all see it both sides. She bought us Vassalage. It's ridiculous. But people who voted #brexit still want brexit. And have u considered the law that stops the peoplesvote.
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal | Politics | The Guardian we want another vote on the deal we are NOT going away #peoplesvote
This, my friends is a perfect example of doublespeak. He, pretends to threaten to leave. But, he doesn’t leave, and just play with our minds. It’s actually just like Brexit. The UK says we are going to leave. But, our duplicitous PM, thwarts our plan, and we are forced to stay...
Indeed, and as commercial contracts tend to be subject to English law for lots of good reasons, these roles will stay as they are post (any kind of) brexit imo
Not completely correct , austerity and Blair’s centrists politics helped people vote for Brexit. Part privatised welfare and nhs was a disgraceful policy
EU more concerned about Italy than about Brexit.
Wish this were not necessary but pleased to be serving with
Sorry, Theresa. The vote was two and a half years ago. We were lied to. We no longer want Brexit. Why do you ignore the fact that the people have changed their mind? "Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation" -
Considering the EU is so corrupt, and demanding member States to allow in unfettered Illegal Immigrants of the WORST kind, - I would also consider a Brexit as a necessary "evil" that will keep UK sovereignty. Giving away Brits rights to govern UK better is not an option.
This is NOT what I voted for, and I no longer trust this Tory Government to deliver. has failed to keep her promises regarding delivery. What's on offer is a terrible deal No Deal is better. The have lost my vote if this goes through
How a mess?
I thought you fought the good fight for Brexit? Get out and March with your people your all talk and no action disappointing
Close the door on your way out . #BrexitBetrayal
May gives away sovereignty over Gibraltar - Brexit bargaining or bargain-basement Black Friday barminess?
If this doesn’t lead to 3 weeks of #BackTheBrexitDeal trending followed by a unanimous vote in parliament then nothing will! #brexit
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
don’t sound very brexit
Meanwhile, Mrs May:
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal
UK and Spain agree on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit talks
What a fucking drink that was, brexit Steve away
May gives away sovereignty over Gibraltar - Brexit bargaining or bargain-basement Black Friday barminess?
Relatively Accidental - A Black Comedy of Rock Music and Death by Jessika Jenvieve #Book #ebook #Fiction It won't stop Brexit but it will make you laugh - Buy it Now - -o--
When shown hard evidence of the impact Brexit is having on the UK, here's the standard Brexiteer response.
Irony died and rotted under the floorboards for weeks.
This guy has been a rock on Gibraltar. Even though they voted to remain they accepted the country's vote and didnt argue like the remainers do. I now have the greatest respect for this guy and the people of Gibraltar regarding Brexit! and I'm a leaver!
#Brexit Elaborate on 'our politics' would you Mr Hammond, I'm pretty sure Mr Robinson didn't ask you to do so, but People would like to know. More draconian #Austerity??? Privatising the NHS??? Selling it off, in effect??? Tax Avoidance/Evasion loopholes for the Moggs???
Bugger off useless spineless trecherous lying pos. Prime Minister pleads for people to back her Brexit in letter
time to listen to your constituents?
“Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists Europe and centre left everywhere need tougher approach to phenomenon that fuelled Trump and Brexit, says Clinton” #totallyagree !!!!
The full committee discussion is here, the relevant bit starts at 15.30 #Brexit
I would expect no less from such a Titan of the British Establishment. Steam on, Boris
Well I’m sure we could find 6 Brexiteers to replace them. Way to go TM. #NoDEAL
To (mis)quote Henry V "I was not angry since I came to France (Brexit). Until this instant." (Battle of Agincourt: he had just discovered that the French had sneaked round the back and murdered all the boys in the baggage train. This was not fair fighting, it was cruel and mean.)
Au contraire.. aA proper #Brexit would be the best of all Worlds.
That’s not the same as saying he didn’t campaign. I’m not sure what that even has to do with Brexit. I voted Remain. I’m a grown up and can make up my own mind. I hate to break it to you but The Tories, New Labour and the LibDems caused Brexit with their neoliberal policies.
you know why? because Ashley is American within (brexit) Britain and Nicole was an American in America.
Shakespeare on #Brexit "This royal throne of kings, this scepter'd isle, This earth of majesty, this seat of Mars, This other Eden, demi-paradise, This fortress built by Nature for herself Against infection and the hand of war, This happy breed of men, this little world," 1/
What would happen if Scotland decided not to accept the Brexit and declare the independence of Scotland from the United Kingdom? It would be the same as in Spain. The Catalan separatists have never exceeded 46% of the votes in all elections.
No. THIS is funny!
Almost like the Brexit that none of the Leave side have stuck by isn't deliverable
You Tories have betrayed Britain with brexit and austerity. You will never be allowed near power again
Call the Vote!!
That is the EU's position (TF50 or other persons/depts). The Fouchet/Shindler et al. case is more HR based. It could be the case that the ref was in breach of HR, or that Brexit A50 causes breach of HR, therefore statements and recommendations are made. Or they say "get lost".
Well if that's the case could I argue in 2 years time to have another referendum on the issue if people chose to remain in a second vote, you can't keep going back and fourth, people voted to leave now implement a sensible Brexit deal like Norway For Now or an FTA
Note this reaction from jean-paul mulot ...
Brexit would Trigger ‘Economic and Financial Shock’ to UK
Success is different for different people. She got a wad of cash after her wad of pellet stoves got rumbled. Her family has about a dozen of them.
Exactly bloody Brexiteers with all their homes and stuff. Places like Boston who voted 60%+ to leave are just a load of toffs eh.
EU don't want a deal, they want to punish UK for #Brexit so no other country leaves. We should be paying nothing and repealing 1972 ECA then walking away. When will conservatives realise this. Someone needs to show some balls and get May out. #NoDeal
Best news I’ve heard for a long time.
You mean there wasn’t there is now, a Brexit by Remainers, negotiated by Remainers, for Remainers, as I said Hammond confirmed this today, huge problem is Remainers hate this deal as much as Remainers.
"We're sailing into an iceberg," says the man who said #brexit would be "a Titanic success", just after he sabotaged the rudder. #PeoplesVote
I'm going to miss #Brexit
Fiddlesticks. False premise. Nothing wrong with #Brexit, just the delivery
My opinion is that initially we should now go for a WTO #Brexit. I won't lie, it will be slightly uncomfortable for a relatively short period of time, but it will allow us to do a hard reset. We can then build from that reset, very successfully.
is the the EU what George Blake was to,the USSR!!! May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
1) Thoughts in times of change, with everything from #brexit, #ClimateChange, #Trump etc.
This is a calamitous, cowardly #Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
GLOBAL TRADE-1A: 11/22/18- Brexit is hard to follow. Here's this site's non-legal lay paraphrase, not to be relied on: (There's a) “…key sentence…plenty of room in negotiations to come.” Here's article for trade readers. Click on pic.
You do know Irleland has ports of its own? And since brexit has been working with other EU countries to upgrade links, therefore negating the need to pass through the UK. Since the Vote Irl has planned meticulously to minimise the damage. Remind me what the UK has done?
I’m gonna laugh my ass off when brexit destroys the u.k when ignorance leads a cause it’s never good.
This is what you get for supporting brexit like a bunch of unprepared high schoolers.
20181124: Reuters: Spain reaches EU deal on Gibraltar, Brexit summit to go ahead
There is no Brexit to derail. Stupid bitch.
I really hope so! Have you seen the "brexit letter" that Theresa May has tweeted out tonight?
May gives away sovereignty over Gibraltar - Brexit bargaining or bargain-basement Black Friday barminess? via
Clayton P the wicked MC, fuck off Chelsea, big up brexit Steve
I wonder if the country would ever get that lucky?
And nearly two-thirds of those surveyed (65.5%) in Swanley, Kent said they would like a final say on the Brexit deal in a #PeoplesVote. and other MPs must now surely see the necessity of giving the public the final say?
Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
very much unloved in my case comrade
You can if your original partner agrees. So you admit the outcome of Brexit sucks?
Maybe one problem with the whole Brexit exercise is that it relied on the goodwill of multiple players over which Britain had little influence once the process started and many of which had incentives not to be supportive. It was never a wise gambit.
brexit means brexit
Critical thinking #Brexit #economy - For people, reputation establishes legacy after they die, delimits amount they can achieve while still alive. For countries, it determines not only global standing, but their entire economic and political ecosystem.
Despite Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda
How did voting #Conservative work for you guys? Vote next time ?
you know you keep saying some MPs are trying to "Frustrate Brexit" no they're not they are selflessly trying to save Britain unlike you selfishly trying to save your job &amp; bc you know its off the back of a ref won by criminal fraud it makes you a national disgrace
Latest polling shows #Remain would now win by 56% to 44%, a huge 12 point lead. And the majority of MPs’ constituencies in Britain, 422 out of 623, are now Remain. Britain has changed its mind on Brexit. Let’s stop this shambles. Write to your MP to demand a #PeoplesVote.
Not a fucking chance will I undertake an exercise to save the Tory Party and their Brexit
Brexit soon
MPs locked in secret talks over Plan B Brexit in case of blueprint rejection Why? #MayMustGoNow
We'd all prefer to see your resignation letter. THAT IS NOT BREXIT - YOU TRAITOR.
Theresa May’s unloved Brexit plan is much like the prime minister herself - The Washington Post
Theresa May accused of ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar to pave way for crunch Brexit summit
???? none of this is true??
#TheresaMay’s disingenuous “letter to the #UK” dissected, clearly &amp; expertly, by ...
May, Brexit and Gibraltar. Whitehouse dismisses own climate change report. #BrexiTrumpDiary
Our Prime Minister is not able to have Children. She was anti brexit, or former Prime Minister David Cameron does have children and he resigned after calling the referendum he called. Just talking a rubbish as usual as you have been about the INNOCENT
"Please help me take away your freedoms, destroy the economy, and divide families up and down the country! Why won't you help me, you bastards????"
Gibraltar puts the UK between a Rock and a hard place on Brexit
Its impossible.. Labour against DUP against JRM &amp; ERG against. The Withdrawal Act, if MPs put in a motion is non binding. The PM has no majority. If only a handful of MPs vote against its in the bin of history. and its no deal by default. #brexit
Sorry Scotland for Brexit. Great Parody song.
There you have it, the Brexit Betrayal Agreement
Ok. Stand on a cliff and I'll stand behind you.
Also May supporting Brexit knowing it's a criminal fraud is called misconduct in a public office! #BrexitTrials "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 November,urging the prime minister to “reconsider her refusal to take any action”,following the announcement of the NCA investigation"
Nah, - everybody is watching the clock - and waiting for their turn to be shafted - after all, it's a tory government …..
While it would be building castles in the air to *rely* on this going anywhere... wouldn't it be nice if it did.
Not my Brexit. Never my Brexit.
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal via
Have you signed up for #northcoastadvent yet? A series of poems, reflections, thoughts and histories from the #northcoast of Ireland. SIgn up at #causewaycoast #giantscauseway #GoTh #christmas #advent #spirituality #foreveryone #brexit
‘I’m no nationalist, but Nicola Sturgeon may be only person able to protect Scotland from Brexit’
Stop brexit asap
Well, even if the referendum is called as void, it was advice giving, and your government took the autonomous step to activate art 50. They might as well have done it after a revelation from God, it makes no difference for brexit.
The scheming #Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all - here's a #MUSTREAD from at his pithiest best.
Tusk quotes Freddie Mercury lyrics on friendship ahead of Brexit summit
No, I agree with Dominic for once - the deal is worse than being in the EU. There is no 'good' Brexit.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
Pity he can't fire him :-)
Nails it
I wouldn't trust her as far as I could throw her and the whole Tory party. You can see it in her shifty beady eyes she's out to con you, she would sell your granny if it would keep her in power. She always deflects, waffles, previcates, obfuscate and outright lies when questioned
I’d prefer Nicola as PM any-day
No. You’re just really unpleasant. You’re aggressive, you make stuff up, you blame Corbyn for Brexit, you’re spoilt, entitled and having a massive tantrum because, whilst you’ve been untouched by Austerity, millions have been and now the chickens have come home to roost.
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Hey it saved money. Just have your negotiating opponent write the 585 pages for you. That's how you get the best deal, right? The Brexit agreement is written in Brussels. The top horrors lurking in the small print of Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Brexit is but a distraction from the existential threat of runaway climate change. The world must put all minor issues to one side and focus on avoiding an end game scenario that is on our doorstep now for our children and grandchildren’s sakes!
When is the parliamentary Brexit vote, December 10th? That gives us 14 shopping days in which to get a referendum declaration in time for Christmas. Our best present...Ever!
Here it is:- Now, what if I don't register (or incorrectly register) my goods? What if I use another lane? MaxFac works when everybody is totally honest. It then counts "in and out" of registered trade. The rest? Bonkers.
Do you think while she's at it she can let go of that beutiful rock in the Irish sea !
May gives away sovereignty over Gibraltar – Brexit bargaining or bargain-basement Black Friday barminess?
Come on now. To the Brexit backers, tax avoidance and keeping dark money transfers hidden are far more important than Gibraltar. You've surely cottoned on to their little game by now! #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
The current Brexit debate is the deluded fighting with those in denial
Your dream is exactly that. A dream. There is no possibility of a good brexit under WTO. As a bare minimum we would collapse our entire manufacturing industry which equates for 13.6% of economy. Freight transport would suffer immensely as would services such as IT &amp; Finance.
Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Brexit means buckets.
brexit will stall, fudge, and then deteriorate/get shelved/ditched and, as that happens, the tory party will literally destroy itself. have a great night! #Brexit
Theresa May tried to smooth over opposition to her Brexit deal in the EU - by giving away sovereignty over the Rock of Gibraltar. She has betrayed the UK.
I bet the Falklands are feeling reassured at this point. Hell, if I was France I'd probably have a stab at Jersey, Guernsey and potentially Fleur-de-Lis if the Welsh aren't looking. #Brexit #Gibraltar
Dear , Shan’t! C x
2.5 years ago the brexit promised was not reality we're now facing. Let the people examine the outcome of negotiations and vote again; this time on facts not ideological fantasy, with an option to remain. It's impossible for the electorate to be undemocratic towards themselves.
. FYI again
Can u give any evidence as to how a good brexit is achievable via WTO No Deal?
Save our #Brexit: May urges #UK public to back her in letter to the nation | Article [AMP] | Reuters
You are a disgrace to Northern Ireland Kate. I was born in Belfast the year the troubles started. You and I both know what’s at stake. Personally. Yet you would think to stir sectarianism again. Division. #Brexit doesn’t work. It never could. It wasn’t supposed to happen
This crazy lady favours a hard no deal #Brexit!!! WTF is wrong with people???
Boris would win a one on one TV debate with Theresa May about her not-BrExit deal hands down, but she would never hold one.
Brexit: Ann Widdecombe reveals she is ‘ashamed’ of Britain
I believe that all of our fears of Brexit, whether remain or leave could be rendered irrelevant, innasmuch as the EU could fail, or at least dramatically change in the medium term. Merkel's demise and the power grab of Macron will see serious disruption and Macron may not survive
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Remainers must reject May’s Brexit deal | Comment | The Times
I won't be rising to a brexit challenge I will be activly working to thwart it
She isn't going for a no deal Brexit. She is giving the EU everything, including the kitchen bloody sink!
So you won’t actually give me anything. No plan. No idea. No what should go forward. Do you have anything? Or will you just be one of the ‘this isn’t Brexit’ voices who won’t explain what it actually is.
We've had a people's vote, let's exit pay for lazy MLA's #ExitPayForLazyMLAs
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit
I just had something on Facebook saying ' we survived two world wars, we can survive this. Man up and support Britain ' So we've gone from promises and golden uplands, to basically equating Brexit to world wars. Quite a turn around..
country in the world, in 15 mins. So, yes, fantasy land or Sunny Uplands or just up you own backsides. Vote May's deal down &amp; then vote for no deal &amp; we'll all see who are the fantasists. eh? HINT: It's you and your Brexit buddies.
Brexit represents the minority, not the 'will of the people' via
we need to completely leave the EU, the uk is better off with out them #brexit
Then support the campaign to vote down the finance bill if Hammond does not remove the Brexit funding. Vote it down.
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
A folklorist think tank published a report that welders will be 40% better off per month as a result of hard Brexit.
Theresa May.. The politician Universal. my brexit hallelujah. #satire #universalcredit #dwp #esa #pips #disabilityhatecrime #toriesout #brexit 7
Or we could just not do Brexit...
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Hurry. The fuck. Up.
I usually vore Tory, but never again unless we get a far better deal for Brexit than May's. Labour is very bad but we can suffer 1 term to get out of the EU. I would vote For Britain or Ukip if I thought that they had a chance of winning.
What will the new name for Gibraltar be when Spain takes it back after #brexit?
What the UK desperately needs is a leader that is pro #Brexit, pro #Britain &amp; will ruthlessly stand up for the UK. All attributes #TheresaMay doesn’t have &amp; never will. It is time to walk away from the EU &amp; never look back. The #EU is not a friend of the #UK! #MayMustGo #Tory
Is there any mandate at all for this version of #brexit that is so far form the overpromised one I the referendum?
Capitulation was a prerequisite for a Brexit negotiation. Best thing is to remain and have a say.
wrote a letter. destroys it in one of the best threads I've read about Brexit. There should be a #PeoplesVote
Sometimes corrupt and bad things that corrupt and bad people do and and will be undone. Keep the faith.
We need other European countries to unite and agree our own deals and terms free from the shackles of Brussels.
I see . has stopped using this . account &amp; given it over to a parody user. #YouWhat!!!!!
Petition: Stop Brexit if supplies of vital medication can't be guaranteed.
I object to this characterisation. It isn’t sleepwalking. It’s knowingly sprinting towards instead. All to maintain the EU ideal of the blob before the elector, what a sell out.
High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
I missed #Strictly tonight but I hear they went with the brexit version
European Research Group paper excerpt: A “hard” border after Brexit between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland is totally undesirable, which is why no one is arguing for new infrastructure at the border; not the UK, nor the EU, nor the Republic of Ireland. #ERG #Brexit
#NotInMyName Kate Hoey does NOT represent the people of Ireland, either side of the border.
Is May leading us into a dying conglomeration?
Five "remainer" ministers -- Philip Hammond, David Lidington, Amber Rudd, Greg Clark and David Gauke -- agreed to try to get Prime Minister Theresa May to support a softer Brexit if she fails to win approval for her plan in the House of Commons.
Irish comedy genius.
If you’re a Lifeguard in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
It worries me too. I would posit that a “Crimea Brexit”, where far-right Brits solve the border problem by extending theirs downward to the entire island, would be supported if we look too “uppity” to international far-righters... Not something I think would happen, but...
Would somebody please inform Philip Hammomd the "Vote" was Remain or Leave, #LeaveEU WON. #WTOandGo will be fine. And would he please take Theresa May with him; they should both Resign.
As we get closer.... naturally precaution of what might happen.. the Brits are getting ready!!!! Is Brexit going to drive us all to drink? Fear not -- one of the UK's leading wine retailers is taking...
Wonder what she promised Spain to make them change their mind. Has she ceded the Country to the EU ?.
for 'tis your thoughts that now must deck our men
Ann Widdecombe claimed she was “ashamed” of how the UK Government has handled Brexit negotiations with the European Union and run up the “white flag” at virtually every opportunity. Good on you, !
Any evidence presented to you mob even by bosses of companies that are going to be badly affected by brexit is immediately met with "project fear" Reality is going to bring it home to you.
Yes. Clear and simple. You can trade with any country in the world post brexit too. It just won't be as good as it is now. Clear and simple.
An agreed trade deal will not be until at least 2025, if ever. We know the field of travel, it's a jobs killing FTA, outside of the #SingleMarket December will be the next wave of job cuts The polls are against #Brexit now Labour should go for #PeoplesVote now, before the Tories.
#Brexit I can guarantee that there will be no Brexit at all or a no deal Brexit. Nothing in between.
Yet Brexit hasn’t happened &amp; as for no political will to revoke Art 50, the EU has already indicated that they now see the UK exiting as 50/50 , &amp; as Amber Rudd made clear earlier this week, parliament will not allow a no deal to happen. The economic damage would be too great...
Good rapid response
At the heart of the #UKEUchallenge is the fact that #VotesShouldBeFair.
#UK Leave before it's too late. France is burning ....
As I just said you really couldn't make up what's coming out of the mouths of this tory govt atm. Ignoring the lying and cheating and the fact the referendum was flawed and constantly using these kinds of phrases to attempt to make us feel guilty for being against #brexit
This from Ian Dunt
By anulling Theresa May WRONG executive decision and canceling A50. May supporting Brexit knowing it's a criminal fraud is called misconduct in a public office! "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 November,urging the prime minister to “reconsider her refusal to take any action”"
Boris Johnson speech: Britain on verge of 'historic mistake' if it accepts current Brexit deal sa... via
There is nothing we can do to stop May's non- Brexit deal from going forward, her party has allowed this to happen. They have been warned time and again the British people have asked for her resignation time and again, and we have been ignored time and again.
Letter to the Editor:- Dear Daily Mail, Please stop backing a loosing horse - leave that to the Mirror. And, by the way, April the first is months away. And, by publishing this sort of nonsense you look almost as ridiculous as Theresa May herself.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Northern Ireland, Gibraltar....is it really wise to let the Prime Minister go to Brussels on her own. Really? She'll be outside No.10 on Monday explaining how she gave away Kent the previous afternoon to 'get the best deal we could from the EU' #brexit
No Matt. Because she's a remainer and she and Robbins couldn't get fries from McDonalds. The EU knew she'd never walk away and this fake brexit deal is the result.
Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May’s ‘pitiful’ Brexit deal
Ahah funny how divisive fascists can be even amongst themselves. So UKIP founder racist and xenophobic Farage thinks he's better than Tommy Robinson? Same scam.
Brexit may be a symptom of the failure of successive governments to address inequality in all forms but it will do nothing to fix it. To claim this deal will do anything to help the country as this letter states is a complete falsehood.
Our gdp on a hard Brexit will rocket because we won't be sharing the burden.
Absolutely not May is selling us short. Not a plan b its a travesty
And I won't understand how they would blame Europeans for issues that have always been for Brits to solve. Brits failed to do so. The Brexit vote was a classic scapegoating exercise for 17.4m people. They are not forgiven. Soon it'll be #Deliverance for the entire country. #Oink
By that logic nor does being out of the EU and the pie is greater along with the opportunity. We also control our laws, economy and destiny for competitive edge. Thats what brexit was about. Taking back control.
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
So why bother with Brexit.
Young Harrison was an exceptional beauty. That just don’t make prettyboys like that no more. Probably because Brexit.
Generations to come will not forgive us. It is time for a second referendum | Michael Heseltine
May has loaded her cabinet with Remainers. Now they are planning to mutiny and take over should May strengthen her stance on Brexit. Boris - where are you?
Relatively Accidental - A Black Comedy of Rock Music and Death by Jessika Jenvieve #Book #ebook #Fiction It won't stop Brexit but it will make you laugh - Buy it Now - ++
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Then don't. Brexit was supposed to be a clean break from the EU. Out of it completely. No matter what short term hardships come as a result.
Another disgusting betrayal from #TheresaMay as she agrees the EU can fish UK fishing waters after #Brexit! the opposite of what May promised. May is throwing away a billion £ industry. Brits sold out again particularly coastal towns &amp; Scotland. #MAYMUSTGO
It would be good for Gov't to look at the foreign (dark) money in British politics that is allowing democracy to be subverted first. Cameron has plenty to answer for though. Brexit was a game, it was never supposed to happen -
You said it was interesting that the #dailymail had changed its position on Mrs May and Brexit. Well er no, not really when you consider the new editor is a remainer.
Look, Tory ministers. If in the past you've watched a bit of kinky porn, you dress up at the weekends, you're into bondage, scat, watersports, S&amp;M, a bit of sissy hypno, rectal fisting. We will forgive you. Don't be swayed into buying into Theresa's Brexit. Stand firm. Thanks.
#Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation.
My guess is UK Govt worked with US Cabal &amp; its not good timing with ongoing Brexit negotiations to make it all public. Theresa May served as Home Sec from 2010-2016, now as Prime Minister. Trump may not want to reveal what he knows or act until after UK departure is finalized.
The Conservative MP, Andrew Bridgen, said: “It appears that there is no-one the prime minister will not betray to achieve her sell-out deal."
If People’s vote then voters should be able to vote for May’s deal or no deal.
The best thing May can do for Britain at this point is to beg Brussels to forget the whole idea of BREXIT. Leaving will damage Europe--the precedent of members leaving if they don't like a vote undercuts the EP--and will damage the world. But most damage will be to Britons.
Her security detail wouldn't let me swing behind her. They know I've been taking notes from Michael Gove.
What one person could unite the Brexit movement in this crisis?
"With inky blots and rotten parchment bonds: That England, that was wont to conquer others, Hath made a shameful conquest of itself." "A shameful conquest of itself" is exactly what May's self-serving, sordid, shameful rotten #Brexit is. #StopBrexit 5/5
. you truly are pathetic.
The current Brexit debate is the deluded fighting with those in denial
Brexiteers against Brexit threaten Theresa May’s plan
PMs letter to the nation before the EU Summit later today. Where she stayed she would “campaign with my head and soul to win that vote [meaningful vote] and to deliver this Brexit deal” #EUSummit #Brexit #DDay
Nah, I’m the biggest cynic ever when it comes to ‘didn’t happens’ but this doesn’t seem unusual. The kid in question was hardly spouting motivational quotes or talking about a possible new brexit referendum. Just sounds like typical 6yr old waffle.
If anyone still believes that Theresa May is anything like Margaret Thatcher, think again. This is surely the last straw. #Brexit #Gibraltar #BrexitDeal
The flip side is other EU countries are using UK exit to secure better deals for themselves....
Given it was 50/50 many of their colleagues probably did vote leave. Certainly more or less 50% of patients want to leave. Politicising healthcare services is worse than any brexit.
Couldn't have said it better myself Do not forget that #SF are no longer a republican party Their Message to Irish people. Independence is not an option. Either you can be in the UNITED Kingdom or the EUROPEAN UNION. Drop the united Ireland talk #Irexit #Brexit
Gibraltar’s off to sunny Spain Y Viva Espana The UK didn’t vote Remain Y Viva Espana The Leave team lied and broke the law And broke Cool Britannia The Brexit vote was rotten to the core Espana won for sure
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU
My EU education in school was abysmal that’s why brexit happened. You can tell people whatever you like when they don’t know what exactly you’re talking about. #SadFact
Don’t pass it &amp; it’s either a #PeoplesVote or Gen election risking Corbyn in power. With PV: Remain = asking why Tories put us thru all this, Leave = no deal exit which most MPs don’t want either.
Or a patriotic PM would, But we have a Traitor who is part of the British establishment traitor class , and the last thing that they want is the uk to fully leave the EU ie Clean Brexit on WTO rules , which is the Brexit 17.4 million people voted for,
this aptly sums up the PMs approach to Brexit ! Surprised media commentators could not be so erudite
Fucking traitor I don't think so.....
EU ready to hand May Brexit deal after 11th hour row with Spain
As media attention remains firmly on Theresa May, it is important to remain mindful of Labour's Brexit betrayal. Offering no opposition. No policy. No consideration for you, your job, or the economy. Corbyn must be cold having been sat on a fence for this long! #Marr #Ridge
Only two years? And the rest... Oh. Don't forget Boris and the other clowns... And May? Didn't she prevent investigation into Banks when Home Secretary. What fate her?
Another stitch that betrays brexit?
That's why we want to get out of shithouse Europe! Femi-Nazi/LGBT controlled Brussels (and mainstream British political parties) always will say its the police and victims that have a problem. Brexit makes more sense than this!
Brexit UK (HBO) Last Week Tonight with John Oliver 11/18/18 via
The only crisis this president has is when his hair is threatened with wind or rain
Did not say Brexit was “like a war”. Said impact on economy was equivalent to losing a war. Let me know if you think it will boost the economy? Would rather side with Soros than Putin.
Excellent Article Outlining Labour’s Strategical Brexit Dilemma Going Forward, by Stats for Lefties (@ LeftieStats)
Theresa May faces fresh Brexit dilemma following Spain’s major win in its fight to rule Gibraltar
Don't be ridiculous - loss of sovereignty is to high a price for any form of trade agreement. We need to leave the Eu to its headlong rush into a federal state. No deal is peaches and cream compared to this deal.
Says it all
brexit lies
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
the final act of betrayal has commenced with Tusk telling the EU states to agree to #Brexit deal. May has succeed in denying us, 17.4m the democratic right to leave the EU. You have to act NOW. Don't let us down.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Sure. "F#£k business" seems to be derigeur with the British right wing political classes. GDP is only 2.5% lower than it would have been without the vote for Brexit. I'm sure you can drive it down further if you try.
If you're so sure of your deal, give us our #PeoplesVote with the options: your deal, no deal or forget Brexit and retain the status quo. Then call a #GEnow so we can start to rebuild our country after the damage you and your Tory Party have done.
"Stupid boy!" (in the voice of Capt. Mainwaring)
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
I dream of a UK in a year from now, back at the EU top table, driving reforms, prospering and dealing with the actual domestic problems faced, Meanwhile all the empty loud vessels shouting about brexit will be in stocks and cabbages will be thrown a plenty as the nation dances.
Jordan Peterson on #Brexit and the Doom of the #EU
Im now at the point of believing we may just see civil society break down in this Parliament, walking past a police station with a 'For Sale' sign in front of the gates has that effect on a person. This brexit clusterfuck being orchestrated by May cld just tip us over the edge
Nothing says future leader like dumpster diving for backing in the loyalist paramilitaries sewage farm
See from the press preview on Sky there’s going to be a hard sell &amp; charm offensive re the Brexit Deal, Or should I say Brexit capitulation that leaves our country a Vassal State To the EU!! A Ponzi racket run by an unelected mafia,&amp; we would be it’s colony?? NO WAY MRS MAY!
Jordan Peterson on #Brexit and the Doom of the #EU
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Liam Halligan, Remain control the MSM, Newsnight, Politics Live, CH4 News, Peston ITV, Marr, Andrew Neil, Momentum, PLP, PCP, Friends of Israel, The mayor of London, The City of Fucking London, The Government, The Bank of England, their followers come from a long line of bastards
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
He asked you the question. What industries will get enough state aid to salvage the trade lost due to brexit. No point in deflecting.
This happens we have missed our chance.
Already cancelled Daily Mail . The bowing and scraping to May last week was nauseating and the final straw. Returned to the Telegraph as consistently supported Brexit. Sadly one of the last remaining papers to do so...
The current Brexit debate is the deluded fighting with those in denial
May gives away sovereignty over Gibraltar - Brexit bargaining or bargain-basement Black Friday barminess? via
European Leaders Close In On Brexit Deal
Theresa May faces fresh Brexit dilemma following Spain’s major win in its fight to rule Gibraltar
You can stuff Brexit up your backside, Prime Minister! The country is bitterly divided because of this Tory inspired Brexit nonsense and long may it continue!
The UK is going to end up in a civil war if the parliament doesn't pop their heads out of their asses!!! They asked everyone in the country to vote on Brexit and they would do what the PEOPLE wanted … guess what … parliament LIED!!!
Theresa May faces fresh Brexit dilemma following Spain’s major win in its fight to rule Gibraltar
Nicola Sturgeon blasts Tories after Scots fishermen victims of Brexit 'sell-out'
I particularly like the line about “having full control over our waters” in a discreet nod to those in that age group that voted most for Brexit.
He might have a heart attack when he see this tweet:
Funnily enough, MORE democracy is not undemocratic, although you corrupted Brexit frauds hate the idea because you can see your Brexit bonuses disappearing
Taking the mick. Bugger off lass.
Hmm not sure if you are against Brexit as you entirely misunderstand the sentiments and meaning of the original tweet
"Vote Leave, the official Brexit campaign, has been fined and referred to the police for breaking electoral law."
Britain on verge of historic blunder, warns Johnson at DUP conference
Northern Ireland says no deal as May urges public to back her Brexit
More details on the polling here:
Anyway good luck I hope you find enough evidence to convince you. Anythings better than Brexit imo
Strong letter and the right sentiments, I for one hope all Tories get behind the PM and this deal #Brexit
#Britain - Democratic Unionist Party of Northern Ireland says it will vote against Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit agreement, possibly dooming the pact. Leader Arlene Foster describes the deal scathingly as "pitiful and pathetic." (MP) #DUP #Brexit #TheresaMay #ArleneFoster
Good for you Ann - are you coming on the march next Sunday?
The embattled British Prime Minister has overcome European objections to her plan but faces growing internal opposition that could derail her hard-won gains....
So you'll be transparently calm &amp; accepting of the cache of emails that UK serjeant at arms has just confiscated for the British Parliament, that may implicate you in foreign interference in Brexit, because Zuckerberg has repeatedly refused to answer Q's?
Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink
After Brexit he may have to move back too... Poetic justice
Watching the events in France, and I am thinking any fears on Brexit may be quickly extinguished. The demise of Merkel and the power grab by Macron, could well see a serious series of events that could drastically change the EU. Macron isn't even sure to survive as French leader.
Yep the whole Brexit thing is playing out like a depressing inevitable tragedy I think there will be an uprising though, more powerful than anything before
#Economy - While Johnson has unquestionably damaged Britain's reputation and the reach of its foreign policy, it is as nothing to #Brexit's institutional ramifications - the value of cooperation with the EU on foreign affairs, the dangers of fragmentation. Outside EU the UK...
will be OUT will have little, if any, influence on our nearest neighbours and largest trading block - Britain will be out of permanent membership of EU's Political and Security Committee (PSC). #Brexit bang #economy crunch
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
On the very rare occasion, and this one, I wish we were a bit more like the French (who currently burning Paris)
The country would completely fall apart if there were another vote. Brexit is no longer about leaving the EU, it’s about democracy.
Jesus! You couldn’t make it up!Opinion: Brexiteers against Brexit threaten Theresa May’s plan
Teresa May is no better than Merkel. Just more stealthy. Great Britain is finished. Regrettably. Good bye old friend. I pray we don't join you.
Sorry, Theresa. The vote was two and a half years ago. We were lied to. We no longer want Brexit. Why do you ignore the fact that the people have changed their mind? #StopBrexit
Unsubscribe.
It must seem frightfully dull to those who view Brexit as a belief or faith. Guess what - you own this #BrexitShambles.
If May’s confident about her deal and she wants the public to back her ‘Brexit vision’ simple solution - give us a vote
That's thanks to Virgin, though it is a MASSIVE, 19th century station, the supermarket shuts at 8, and the pubs that once surrounded the ferry (of which I might be a bit chary, but would risk for hot coffee) are all derelict ... yet, the island of Anglesea voted for Brexit ...
Do we think he has serious links to senior Brexit campaigners &amp; there are similar high up in the BBC? It’s extraordinary that he can rant be totally partisan &amp; totally fail to interview any normal centrist remainers Why no Lib Dem’s/greens ? Only Brexiters. #BBCBias #Neil must go
It's also every MP's primary duty to act in the best interests of their constituents. Abundantly clear that ANY Brexit deal - and especially No Deal - would further damage our economy &amp; global influence/reputation. Any MP who still backs Brexit is clearly failing in this duty.
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
I really hope that EVERY Labour MP votes against #TheresaMay brexit "deal." Her deal is a total shambles. She claims it's in the national interest but it will only cause further poverty/destitution. Two years she's had to get us this deal. Ridiculous. #Brexit #SocialistSunday
Popworld has killed Morecambe. I'm glad that everyone who will frequent there from now on will be crippled by Brexit in later life.
She hadn’t got the backbone to stand up for the majority and get the Brexit that we voted for she certainly hasn’t got the backbone to admit she’s got it all wrong resign and walk away
people did not put 2 +2 together..also 2016 UK about Brexit...lies &amp; manipulation done by Russia...like US to shake Foundations of two large Powers..success US saw red flags anti-American = #Resistance UK #May missed red flags.anti-Brits
“I criticised the sequencing of negotiation from the beginning after the invocation of Article 50. We’ve been outmanoeuvred by the EU in a way which was too predictable from the very beginning.” Davis *was* the Brexit Secretary then! 1 -
Make one of the leading Brexiters PM. Otherwise they'll just keep sniping from the shadows, and blame the economic downturn on a bad deal not brexit itself.
Gosh, MSNBC. Trump is sure unpopular in Europe, isn’t he? I guess it’s that virulent nationalism nipping at your nose. People supporting Trump because he is their only chance to salvage Brexit. UK under totalitarian rule to ignore will of the people!
The latest The Chartered Surveyors Daily! Thanks to #property #brexit
RICHMONDSHIRE COMMUNITY RADIO... FOLLOW US FOR ALL THE LOCAL NEWS &amp; GOSSIP Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
You won’t get civil disobedience here, our people have been anaesthetised by Political Correctness for far too long.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation...
Don’t do it! Pls someone listen to the people now that they’re fully informed. #Brexit is already a disaster and will only get worse. You can save us! #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The way I'm understanding it is that even though the UK did Brexit Art 13 will still have an impact, as well as the internet as a whole for everyone MAY be affected as it will cause platforms to restructure to the stricter laws. I could be off base but that is what it seems to me
When will people wake the fuck up i think they have.. To the irish times and shit journalism
I still maintain that Brexit was the second most stupid thing to occur during this century with the most stupid being the election of Donald Trump, a failed real estate con artist as the US president. If the UK was smart, they would forget all about it and kick the Cons out.
Spain Gets Guarantees on Gibraltar Before Endorsing Brexit Deal
wouldnt it not hurt to have someone on the last leg who wasn't rich and had no idea about the #Brexit vote? You speak about how bad poverty is in this country but don't seem to understand people voted exit, out of desperation
Parliament must stop Brexit. The first duty of politicians is to put the good of the country and its people first. There isn’t a better deal than the one we currently have - anything less will seriously damage our economy and people’s quality of life.
Look, Tory ministers. If in the past you've watched a bit of kinky porn, dress up at the weekends, you're into bondage, scat/watersports, a bit of sissy hypno, rectal fisting. We the country will forgive you. Don't be swayed into buying into Theresa's Brexit. Stand firm. Thanks.
Which public would that be? Those who voted for Brexit? She's ignored everyone else, including the devolved administrations. You don't demand trust. You earn it. And she hasn't.
Thatcher must be turning in her grave. May is treacherous
Well, Loss of Hammond and retention of Sovereignty - both great reasons for No Deal
Can anyone tell me how this fits into the Theresa’s new #brexit deal? There isn’t much mention of it.
Brexit me exit ska'd alive
Shove it, with the rest of your Government, where the sun don't shine. Brexit has been a total waste of time, money and effort ever since the referendum was first announced.
Oh dear. MLA pay has nothing to do with Brexit. Top quality non sequitur.
Nationalism first showed up in Britain in the Brexit vote that demanded the British government withdraw from the EU, then in the US with the Trump election, then Brazil and now in France. Germany will be next
Ok. Snob. Got it. Nigel, are you a one trick pony? Brexit and that’s it?
But let's not collectively cream our trousers. The referendum didn't trigger Brexit - enacting Article 50 did that. Rubbishing the advice on which the decision was based won't automatically reverse it. Although it...
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May’s Brexit ‘letter to the nation’
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May’s Brexit ‘letter to the nation’
Thread
#Brexit WARNING: Boris says 'HISTORIC MISTAKE' will see #UK become a 'SATELLITE STATE' -
#Brexit deal explained: everything the Quitlings pretended was wrong with EU membership, but wasn't, is now about to actually happen.
Great news. #WTOBrexit
would be fun after #brexit
Brexit aside, the “experiment” won’t last the next economic turn. The Italian banks are a shambles, the tax/bureaucratic regimes are choking global competitiveness, and border nations are glancing at the door. Ireland should move early, and turn to the world, not Brussels
Grieg a well connected Remainer was the editor of the Mail on Sunday. Dacre pro #brexit was the weekday editor. Grieg has taken over the whole show 7 days a week. The change seems timed for maximum anti brexit scaremongering. It’s now as much a joke as The New European rag.
Brexit
You're missing the point. The UK govt gives us none of these protections - if anything it's actively working to make things worse. That's why some Tories *really* want Brexit - to get richer and plunder more. The EU make good efforts &amp; can do more.
I’m not saying she sold out on Gibraltar today. But that, by persuading people to vote for Brexit and then trying to implement that policy, the Conservative (and some Labour) leaders sold out Gibraltar long ago.
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU via
[CNN] Top Stories: The non-Brits guide to Brexit (because it affects you too)
It’s not Brexit. You don’t understand what drove us to vote leave, you just wanted the negotiation to be a damage limitation exercise rather than seeking out the huge opportunities afforded by leaving the EU. You just don’t get it. You should have left it to those who do.
Ex-UK Foreign Minister Boris Johnson says Brexit deal like "Titanic"
Oh for fuck's sake. So we need to stockpile bottled mineral water too.
Latest News: Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU Feeling a little lost about what is going on with Brexit? Here's our basic guide. 2018-11-25 00:48:12Z
carry them here and there, jumping o'er times turning the accomplishments of many years
Me being one of them! Telegraph far superior and still pro Brexit ...
There is no sensible Brexit
Exactly - the political, financial, and strategic implications of the Brexit project should have been clear: Baker you have had 24 years to provide serious peer-reviewed R&amp;D - your presentation was graded E - what do you expect
Every time I hear the phrase, end of free movement as a 'hard won benefit' of the Brexit Agreement, I feel a visceral shudder.
This is the one folks. This is how we do it.
The EU Is More Worried About Italy Than Brexit
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
You continue to show true leadership in such difficult circumstances!! The Brexit deal is not perfect but it is in no way a 'bad deal' and the country and parliament need to get behind this deal! #BackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit
Amazed the Rupert Murdoch Types in UK haven’t reined in this investigation. The Govt going to try to wave the flailing carcus of FB UK around to distract from Brexit Developments?
Brexit ‘Right Deal’ and traitors of WWII (E255) RT — Sputnik Orbiting the World
I wish France all the best with their protests, and hope that their revolution doesn't devolve into another Reign of Terror like it did in the early 1800s. Now I just wonder when Britain is going to have their own "Boston Tea Party" to protest the outrageous fake "Brexit deal".
Ah, the Brexit process just keeps giving.
You've become obsessed with immigration. #Brexit was never about that. You've misunderstood it and the people who voted for it; and you have failed our country. Go. Resign! #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo
#Brexit declared ‘void’ due to criminal activities of Leave funder Arron Banks? PM #TheresaMay seems not to be interested to clarify charges But essential political decisions determining future of millions of citizens must have a solid &amp; legitimate base!
Britische Premierministerin May wendet sich direkt an ihr Volk: „Save our Brexit. One Nation!“ She urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
Stick with your seat hell with nation and country, a person who don’t believe in brexit how can she deliver then you have destroyed the conservative Weldon
More than 8 out of 10 (83.5%) people we surveyed in Swanley, Kent on 24th Nov are opposed to the Government's Brexit 'deal'. 55% would rather we stayed in the EU, and 28.5% prefer 'no deal' (crash) out. 65.5% want a #PeoplesVote
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Could Never Back this idiotic Scheme of the Tory party #Brexit
May gives away sovereignty over Gibraltar - Brexit bargaining or bargain-basement Black Friday barminess? via
It is apt that a union formed through lies, bribes, and threats should disintegrate with a pile of lies, bribes, and threats. #brexit
Brexit was never gonna be allowed to happen hence the reason that David Cameron's government never prepared any plans for Brexit at all. Yes they gave us the vote but no they had no intention on honouring the result, or their referendum she has just let the commies in power.
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
All Labour MPs now in 53%+ Remain seats. 70 Tory MPs in Remain seats with less than 5000 majority. Name one single benefit that we can still expect from Brexit? Apart from slogans that is. Will we still have jobs or a country after Brexit? #PeoplesVote
Don’t make your problem their problem - they didn’t ask or vote for a Brexit #alwaysavictim
Yeah yeah, the comments below do not seem to agree... #GTTO #brexit #toriesout #eu #Gibraltar #JC4PM #SocialistSunday #
BoJo calls for NI-Scotland bridge, dropping Brexit divorce payments at DUP conference also stated some time back that the White Helmits are great hero's and would receive £65M from the british government., he's getting more and more like something EVIL.
A worst of all worlds Brexit - Daniel Hannan via
Strong and stable. They said the same about Titanic The betrayal and open corruption has never been so apparent in government as it is now &amp; she is sooooo weak she is willing to trade off British Citizens just to stay in power. Its a Kakistocracy filled with Snollygosters
It's great that are running with this, &amp; I don't wish to be pessimistic but there are two problems: 1. The people that need to read the story, won't. 2. The UK Gov't aren't interested. This is why Brexit needs an FBI style investigation -
May is clearly not on the side of the UK
Nice of him to unambiguously identify himself as an opponent of WTO brexit
Boris Johnson is absolutely spot on when he said Britain needs to recover its "confidence and self-belief"
#Brexit won't be delivered, because the people were promised unicorn steak pie.. Instead they get shit rolled in glitter, and are still expected to eat it, but now understandably they don't want it anymore. Your Brexit is dying of it own contradictions Steve.
Not as incredible as this fish for focus circus. Makes you wonder what the going rate for a barrel of fish is these days. Is it more or less successful than the bingo and tombola fundraising?
This is about more than Brexit. This is about the future of democracy itself.
Time until BREXIT is 124 days, 21 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Of course, but Greece cooked the books to get in - too many tax dodgers and under the bed dealing. I've read enough of the deficit arguments to know that it's the stuff of pipe dreams. American is a safe bet - so is Japan as long as markets believe it is. UK with hard Brexit...?
Such a shame that is now pandering to the far right. UKIP are tainting Brexit by inviting BNP supporters into their movement, who like remoaners are disgusting and deluded.
There are 2986 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
There are 2986 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
Is it really a cliff edge? Hyperbole from Counter Brexit Initiative
As Great Britain grapples with the technical difficulties of a Brexit from the European Union, AEI’s Archive team takes a look at the first nationwide referendum in 1975 and what that meant moving forward.
Brexit is 2998 hours away. #brexit
The referendum did not give a mandate for a multicolored brexit. We need a suburban brexit at all costs!
Batten has the biggest and best chance ever and he’s blown it. I’m not convinced he actually wants Brexit anyway otherwise he wouldn’t have made a move like this
May gives away sovereignty over Gibraltar - Brexit bargaining or bargain-basement Black Friday barminess? via
Spain to back Brexit deal after pre-summit talks
“Save our Brexit...” &amp; “...come together as one people...”. Really? Perhaps we can all ride our unicorns to the Festival of Brexit too.
#Brexit #economy EU looks at UK, in response 2 suggestion that EU might B cutting off its nose to spite its face, their response is simple and devastating: "You cut off our nose, not us." No special category, legal fact Britain will B a third country on the same level as Turkey.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News- how do we know ? She has a problem recognising the truth from lies. We will only know wen Spain marches into Gibraltar to claim it as their sovereign state
Today I have seen people castigate for trading away #Gibraltar who only yesterday were themselves ready to cast off #NorthernIreland to get their #Brexit deal. #disingenuous #PeoplesVote
Another twist in the Brexit tale:
Wouldn’t this be great does anybody know what were be the process thereafter should the court rule that it was illegal?
‘May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal’ Begging implies emotional blackmail - pulling at the heart strings of the electorate - don’t fall for it. #PeoplesVote
The European Union has removed the last major obstacle to sealing an agreement on Brexit. #9Today
Boris has my vote -
And therein lies the problem. Instead of supporting the democratic vote he and May attempted to appease those on the losing side of the argument. They had no firm belief in Brexit &amp; this half-heartedness diluted the negotiations 2such an extent we are neither in nor out. A mess.
I’m pretty sure after Brexit the UK will revert to becoming a 1970’s sitcom-movie-tie-in version of itself
I’ve muted the word Brexit. I can’t stand to hear any more about it.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal The UK a
Because if I as a small business owner, had sold any product using lies, deceit, fraud and false accounting to promote it, in the way that the Leave Campaign sold Brexit, my business would be closed down and I would be in jail! Why are we destroying Britain on an illegal vote?
European Council President Donald Tusk has recommended that the EU approve the Brexit deal at a summit on Sunday.
voting Tory for 35 years. Never again #brexit #BrexitChaos #brexitBetrayel
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal The UK a
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Fair play to the French. I think this will bring some peace of mind to my friends in Dordogneshire.
It's not the UK you need to be ashamed of Ann, it's the Con Party (the shortened version of the name is so much more apt, so much more accurate).
May has written a direct letter to British voters in which she apparently begs the public: 'unite behind me on Brexit deal.'
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s Brexit “betrayal” via
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent #SmartNews
Demanding a #peoplesvote is not 'agitating to overturn the referendum'. It's giving the electorate a chance to decide on the basis of deeper understanding of the consequences of their decision. Is that a problem?
Or this:
Thank you for standing up for democracy, Brexit and the Conservative party. If all Tory MPs follow your lead then the party will survive the next GE.
Oh but #Brexit was supposed to happen, why else was so much spent on campaigning for #Brexit and why else were the VoteLeaveEU/DUP campaign crimes ignored? And #Brexit will work for the Brexit Criminals who will profit from the People's poverty and loss of EU rights/protections.
needs to focus on Brexit as this is a wonderful opportunity for them and one that they shouldn’t waste obsessing with religion, which is irrelevant to Brexit.
PM copies Tony Blair propaganda tricks to sell her Brexit to Brits -
The Tories will never come out for PV. Its just so retarded to think they will. Regardless of whether we have a deal. If the Leave camp only has a pages of vague aspirations tying them to the truth then they will be able to lie about what Brexit could be.
The men who led us into this crisis refused to think through what they were doing. It wasn’t so much that they were never honest with the country about Brexit. It was that they could never be honest with themselves. If they had, Britain’s position might now be less perilous. ..
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
Norway + may not be such a bad outcome, relatively. Tories splitting equally so. What, however, would be a very bad outcome is if Labour, in the current form, won power. The UK would risk revisiting the 70s! And we thought Brexit was bad.
This issue cuts across all traditional party divide &amp; I agree with both Kishan &amp; Justine on the need for #PeoplesVote &amp; both of whom I have known for many years. The deal is to me an 'impaired vision' one for UK-EU long term future relationship but it's certainly not soft Brexit.
'I'm ASHAMED of UK' Ann Widdecombe FURIOUS at Brexit Britain 'running up white flag' to EU - Express
EU's chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt appointed to co-ordinate the European Parliaments response, to the UK’s bombshell departure, agrees that independent Scotland would gain automatic entry to the EU. ---------------
The leave campaign broke the law; the issue was too big for 'in/out'; there is no possible Brexit that isn't calamitous; the public opinion has turned.. I could go on, but I'm quickly losing the will to live, let alone tweet the fugging PM
UK's May travels to Brussels for Brexit summit (Brussels Observer) -
Remind me. What's the point of Brexit?
Exactly. If it's another close vote within say 10%...which is highly likely it will just be more division. The only way forward is a Brexit.. but under Labour and a better deal.
Brussels MEPs told Scotland CAN be given special Brexit deal with EU keeping Scotland in the EU were handed a boost today after the European Parliament was told Edinburgh could secure special terms with Brussels.
Fuck brexit we want Corbyn in number 10
Adding: "The man relied on by Brexit supporters to underpin the economic arguments for leaving the EU has said the UK would be better off staying in the club rather than accepting the prime minister’s Brexit plan."
It may be possible brexit could slice a fraction out.
Wow! Seen this? I'm surprised because while I know a GE would have been declared nul &amp; void due to the Electoral Laws being broken the referendum was 'excempt' because it was 'advisory', not statutory - I wasn't expecting this!
#bbcnews here doing its bit for the #conservatives by making out that #Gibraltar isn’t important to the UK. #bbcnews continues to be a live propaganda feed for CCHQ. BBC News - Gibraltar: What's it got to do with Brexit?
Where do the Brexit negotiations stand?
Your argument has zero merit because a lot of people voted Labour in the last election not because Labour supported Brexit, but because they wanted to get rid of the Tories, so you can't count their votes as any kind of mandate for Brexit.
If May says Gibraltar is safe... Then we KNOW it is about to be sacrificed.
Only possible because the UK left itself vulnerable with their stupid Brexit adventure. Most Leave voters had no idea of where this was leading! Many still don't. Just keep spouting ill-informed nonsense about WW2! :-(
If you don’t deliver the right Brexit for us then you will be responsible for the downfall of the Tory party I will not vote for you and I know I’m not alone
Who got the better deal? 1. Philippe Petain 2. Theresa May. #Brexit #BREXITDEAL
Urgent Prayer Request for the Nation 25th November..#Prayer4UKToday. #declaration #24-7prayer #247prayer #prayforuk #prayer #prayerforthenation #ThyKingdomCome #brexit 'veronikawest
hope someone is gearing up for organising protests against this appaling #betrayal #brexit
My whole family trusted you and Theresa May on Brexit. Brexit means capitulation to that woman and Olly Robins. You cannot be trusted anymore
Sounds good but she thinks we r stupid! Dig a little deeper and it's all lies lies and more fucking lies... Fake brexit UK still under the will off the EU #Forever
If you’re an IT Manager in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
No! Absolutely not! Not now, not ever. #BrexitShambles #TheresaMay
Not sure about the Suez bit. Having your own troops murdering people on the streets in Northern Ireland was also a bit of a bummer if you ask me.
Farage issues warning over Brexit betrayal
Ah so the fact that your Brexit is a total fucking disaster is she fault of - people who voted against it. What kind of genius doublethink is that?
There's very little proof that there was a clear consensus as to what 'Brexit' meant in practical terms. This was an unforgivably sloppy way to go about such a momentous vote.
Boris Johnson receives warning he faces prosecution over £350m Brexit claim Beyond names whoever has Environmental, Social and Economic impact should have penal liability #Reflections #SPR #SocialPoliticalResponsability
the democratic view has changed. Two of the most ghastly politicians ever to grace this land. You are cowardly and mean spirited. You had/have no mandate to claim you did the best for your country. Shame on you.
what are your thoughts about Brexit?
So what? They just drive through like the do now. The UK will be a transit country. As long as they don't deposit their cargo in the UK, Brexit won't concern them, because no tariff need to be paid or collected and British rules won't apply to the cargo.
...and the whole point of this investigation is to try to prove that Brexit was rigged (it was), so as to allow the vote to be reversed without creating a precedent that any popular vote can be reversed when it's inconvenient (or disastrous as is the case here).
Packed People's Brexit meeting demands general election | Morning Star
You said "not any more". You didn't say "only sometimes". And the people stopping you doing what you like in the EU after Brexit are the EU.
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU -
Congratulations on the new job
Brexit: Spain wants say on future of Gibraltar via
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
All those who voted for Brexit are brain dead morons but I agree with them that your Brexit plan is a pile of rubbish! As predicted in 2016 by Remain, nobody is going to be happy with the Brexit we end up with. In that, at least, Remainers and Leavers are united!
Desperate and isolated as May writes a begging letter asking #Leavers &amp; #Remainers to unite and begin the process of reconciliation. My question is reconcile over what? #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVote
Stephanie Kelton makes the point - American bonds are safe, Eurozone are not (at the time Greece was on the agenda). UK bonds in a hard Brexit... safe? It wouldn't get my pension pot
Prime Minister pleads for people to back her Brexit in heartfelt letter
Theresa May defends planned Brexit deal - BBC News
Superb news and yes , take #Theresamay please please , we're all begging you to take her &amp; anywhere just as long as she's far away from #Britishpolitics ! Thanks Phil mate !
May refuses to rule out resigning if MPs reject Brexit deal,,double happiness then
The extreme concentration of wealth is not acceptable but a good Brexit deal is paramount to our future. The people never legally gave away our Sovereignty to the EU. Neither the government or the Queen has that authority. A referendum should of confirmed Lisbon Treaty in law
No. Limited reforms maybe, in line with the Treaties. In the long run if there was a consensus among EU27 which there isn't. But not in the Brexit context
Well if they had only voted that way 30 months ago it would have been ok but they didn't so Brexit it is.
Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink
Disgusting. Full of self-interest and a total disregard for the future prosperity of this country. Shame on you and all the other MPs that press on with this in spite of all indications that the majority no longer support Brexit.
No. There is wide acceptance that May's deal is far inferior to remaining in EU both economically and in having a say in our future. There should be continuing pressure for a re-run of the referendum in the light of a mass of new facts. #PeoplesVote #skypapers
Gibraltar has always had a totally different outlook then us, fierce in their sovereignty but very continental in ways, and 96% accepted the result, what a pity UK people didn’t do same, but Gibraltar knows what democracy &amp; sovereignty are worth.
Project fear?
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
The short, sharp shock of no-deal Brexit
I can't
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal Think the letter arrives with a knighthood voucher. * *One per person. Must be redeemed before 29.3.19. No cash alternative. Queue jumpers not eligible.
No 10 assurances on Gibraltar are just plain lies. May has sold out — again. This is too much to tolerate.
Please rake the job and stop Brexit. Thanks in advance. x
Ah yes... But voiding Brexit? Wonderful!
Macron should address the unrest in his own country instead of trying to screw the UK in the Brexit 'deal' that goes for the other 26 country's who are shit scared because we are leaving.
'Meghan Markle as BRITANNIA!' Duchess of Sussex to promote Brexit Britain
Thought you might like this, 14!
Let us hope that the judiciary reach the right conclusion and thus put the political classes to shame. Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Feel like a stranger in your own city? #sydney has 39% of its population born outside the Australian continent. Tokyo &amp;amp; Tehran less than 2%. #BuildTheWall #brexit #immigration #Tom...
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain
Pedro Sanchez: “Spain has achieved a historic triple lock with which it can enter definitive discussions with the UK over the future of Gibraltar over the next few years,” he said. Doesn't this worry you at all?
When you have to beg, you have failed as a leader.
No Brexit
To be fair I don't think it is English people who believe that, but rather successive UK governments. But of course I understand the implication of your point, at the end of this Brexit DEBACLE, we could very well see a United Ireland and Independent Scotland.
Gibraltar’s off to sunny Spain Y Viva Espana The UK didn’t vote Remain Y Viva Espana The Leave team lied and broke the law And broke Cool Britannia The Brexit vote was rotten to the core Espana won for sure
No. Not while I live and breathe. I refute your #Brexit and your corrupted #Referendum. You want to steal my #FreedomofMovement and set my face against my #EU friends. Your incompetence astounds me and your #Xenophobia disgusts me.
Traidores
The “row of the summer” never happened. Davis capitulated. Moreover... If anyone was “outmanoeuvred from the very beginning”, it was Davis. He was responsible for Brexit from the very beginning! 2 -
Steel company caught between tariffs and Brexit: Caught between Trump's trade war and Brexit, manufacturers across Britain's industrial heartland are teetering on the edge of extinction. CNN's Anna Stewart reports on one company caught in the middle of…
Steel company caught between tariffs and Brexit via
Steel company caught between tariffs and Brexit
Steel company caught between tariffs and Brexit
Steel company caught between tariffs and Brexit #NEWS
A person who don’t believe in brexit how can she deliver she is doing a wrong job the best way is like it or leave it stay in fully or stay away
Hilarious! UK leaves trade bloc &amp; can no longer stand up to smaller, poorer country that’s in trade bloc. Brexit: Give away control #PeoplesVoteNow May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News
I'll never vote or again for taking us out of the EU. Give the people the final say on #Brexit. #PeoplesVote
She is quite repulsive. And utterly shameless in going for the top job knowing that, as a Tory Remainer, her heart would not be in the job of delivering Brexit. She deliberately slow-walked it in order to cram an EU-friendly Brexit down the people's throats at the last minute.
‘UK never used them’ - I’ve seen them used repeatedly in the north of Ireland. Are you getting ready for Brexit by not counting the six counties as part of the UK anymore?
What Brexit seems to have given the UK is a regional problem and England cannot control what that means. Given Scotland, NI and Gibraltar voted overwhelmingly to Remain in the EU and it was only England and Wales, conjoined since the 13th century that didn’t.
Too many disabled people are being treated abhorrently .. but whilst Brexit is constantly being talked about these cases go unnoticed... its like no one is seeing what really is happening in our country.
Recycled project fear stories, blame brexit (get out clause) for bad company decisions/lack of contingency and a handful of old debunked stories. Like reading a doomsday manual for desperadoes. Tragic is the desperation if it wasn't so fucking hilarious to witness.
“But Kate, you told us Brexit was going to be brilliant ...I believed everything you told me” Hashtag Me too. Hashtag Wait - What? Hashtag Better To Remain? Hashtag - Well I never
Ah okay. In the way that voting to Remain was clear? You know, like the 'ever close union' which changes every 5 years from a common market to a European Union, to an EU superstate. That Remain? EVERY fault of lack of clarity you accuse Brexit of having is even worse with Remain.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
YES!!!! Brits fight back at last. Aaron Banks headed for prison!
The UK High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”. Will the UK Referendum result be declared invalid? #WhoBankrolledBanks
It isn't. It's the deal you can get if No Deal will be voted down in Parliament and you need to get out before doing the hard negitiations. It is the only Brexit plan available. The other one is remain in the EU.
What more incentive do we need?
I don't think I've ever hoped harder than I do for this.
Jesus! I wrote EMBARKMENT Twitter! Some cruise liners refuel at Holyhead, but no embarkment, because there is nothing to see or do, and that need not be the case. I love Anglesea, it is a very special place, to Britain and Ireland, but Brexit will do for it like the Romans did.
I see we've got to the ' it's everyone else's fault ' stage of Brexit
We think Higgins trust ....brexit
These 5 ministers are the biggest bunch of useless tossers in the government. Who on Earth would worry about losing them?
Investigation: How a UK power couple link US libertarians and fossil fuel lobbyists to Brexit |
Actually to be fair I’ve just remembered has actually done the above as regards Brexit. Admitted her constituents disagree witn her. Not sure it isn’t the only time I’ve seen it happen. Credit to her.
Brexit novelas
Fear has been hugely successful in Europe and the USA. Let’s hope it doesn’t work in Australia at the Federal elections. We can’t afford to be complacent. I’m still smarting from Brexit.
'Half the world's troubles come from people not being trained to resent a fallacy as much as an insult.' #MaryRenault #Brexit #NoBrexit
Spain to support Brexit agreement after reaching deal with U.K. over Gibraltar - National ~
This is awesome
No about those undocumented meetings with Brexit extremists......
To help accommodate as many as possible the start time for the BREXIT BETRAYAL MARCH is now 11.45am -- 3pm. We don't want people leaving in the dark, and 10am is to early for people coming from the north. I'll be there from 10am #SeeYouThere
Will this make it even more likely? Whatever, Remain supporters (or Leave ones) ought not assume they'll win &amp; even if they do it would be a close result, still leaving us in a starkly divided country. Win or Lose, the division must be addressed.
Ken Clarke hasn't been taking his meds. The guys a fruitloop.. nothing to see here.
Millions will now be deciding " Can't vote Labour and won't vote Tory" - both conspiring to stop Brexit.
The current Brexit frenzied debate is riddled with misinformation, misrepresentation of the draft withdrawal terms. It’s hard to distinguish between the underlying motives of party polictics, personal ambition, blind dogma, and the absence of intellectual rigour.
Many can play chess, but only few are good at it.
EU Ready to Hand May Brexit Deal After Late Spat With Spain - Bloomberg
Thanks, Steve; all of which would take time and unlikely to happen before the Brexit deadline?
Well.
Interesting.
HAMMOND might quit .Could Brexit have such LUCK?
BBC News - Brexit: Donald Tusk tells European Union to approve deal
Bye bye Theresa.... Here's your P45! BUILDING A COUNTRY THAT DOESN'T WORK FOR ANYONE! #StrongAndStableMyArse #WeakAndWobbly #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit #PeoplesVote
800 tech signatures call for #FinalSay on #BrexitAgreement let's go for a #PeoplesVote!!
"Yaaaay! More Brexit Chaos!" - Brexiteers
#Brexit had as one of its main aims reduction of red tape – how’s that coming along then?
her: im in antrim hurry over me: you havin the craic i cant cross the border since brexit her: oy got a free gaff me:
"They sought it just to cosy up to their mates and didn't fucking believe in it for a nano second *then*, thought they dogmatically do *now*" isn't a much better narrative, is it though?
Theresa May: Cabinet has backed draft Brexit plan - BBC News
[CNN] Top Stories: Steel company caught between tariffs and Brexit
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal. Playing the ‘poor me’ card - don’t fall for it. #PeoplesVote
How many more abuses of office is she allowed to make? Lied to parliament on numerous occasions!
you missed: 2016: Brexit referendum
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
In boost for Britain, Peugeot to build new van at Vauxhall plant Peugeot-maker PSA has unveiled plans to raise output at its British Vauxhall van plant, in a pre-Brexit show of confidence that will raise pressure on sister brand Opel’s German workforce …
Brexit: May faces tough weekend in Brussels before domestic storm Intense work to seal deal with EU will precede harder task of convincing MPs to back it
Nice to hear from the real
:Are seasoned journos like you surprised that version of #Brexit deal gets recommendation for #EU27 since they've CONNED May throughout the 583 pages?
Why didn’t you address the nation 2 years ago and tell everyone to respect and get behind the Referendum result; throw out the Remainers? You deal isn’t Brexit. You are flogging a dead horse so far gone it is putrid
Excellent. “Democracy must protect and respect minorities. If not, it is just another form of oppression.”
This country has taken far more knocks from this govt than surely any other generation has from its elected govt. But brexit ... wow. May has ACTUALLY managed to piss off BOTH sides, and it WILL spark off if Parliament is gerrymandered and bribed to vote it through
SNP are now failing Scotland, weak at every turn and happy to blame Torries or Westminster or BREXIT or Whatever .............Look inwards for once FFS
Finally, that would be aome good news #Brexit
"Her administration has been defined by a relentless attempt to conceal the reality of Brexit from public and parliament, so she can survive another day, another week, another month."
There you go. Visa for Brits to go to Europe, special permits &amp; social security different arrangements for EU27Citizens in the UK
Doing his best to fuck up the opposition to brexit
Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must ‘junk the backstop’
Umaar, the guy is actually correct. Nothing has fundamentally changed. As a result of Brexit and each EU country having a veto on any FTA, Spain has ability to push demands in relation to Gibraltar as conditions for their approving the FTA. Today's events haven't changed that.
TRUMP BREXIT Sat, 24 Nov 2018 19:00:00 CST
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
An ancient brexit legend: as long as Gibraltar Barbary macaques exist on Gibraltar, the territory will remain under British rule – so either follow the example of Sir Winston Churchill and import more apes, or return Jebel Tariq to the Muslims!
Please don’t judge but do we have access to those 600 brexit pages?
Looks as though the only person who didn’t didn’t know there was a Plan B was May. Are they preparing for her possible departure
Its got little to do with any xenophobia and more to do with not wanting to be a part of a failing, undemocratic, out of touch, superstate/empire in the making that has displayed its brutality by crushing Greece, I would vote out again in a heartbeat if only we had a pm 4 brexit
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
But that's a consequence of Brexit, not this letter. By choosing to leave we gave every EU state a veto over our future rel'ship. Spain will use theirs on Gib, Ireland the border, other countries will choose other things.
PM May #PrimeMinister was handed this file by the people. I would like to see anybody stand in her shoes and be as successful in finding solutions to a mandate for which she probably didn't vote.
This is stupid cos if there was a PV theae wouldnt be the possible options. Maybe think of a question more relevant to the answers you supply. My suggestion for this would be: Regarding Brexit. Which of the following do you prefer?
No deal it is then
I understand EU is a hostile actor. I watch in horror as Brexit unfolds. If the US dosent get a grip on our internal strife and pursue immigration policy which rejects Sharia power in the US, well be taken over before anyone can mull the need for nuclear deterrent.
Fuck your brexit. But bring it on Im ready for a good fucking rukas,,bring your own hammers &amp; pipes.
Get on with Brexit because a greater threat is looming — a Corbyn Government
Britain has been building its power over the past centuries using two main principles: keeping the British Isles united and dividing the European continent. It is now about to achieve the exact opposite.
WHERE are the 48 Letters ? #ToryShambles
Theresa May's Brexit is like the maiden voyage of the Titanic. The iceberg has now been spotted ahead. Engine into reverse will cause some damage but it can be limited. She however is seeing nothing and ploughing ahead no matter what the consequences because that was the plan
Best news for years.
Spain agrees to back Brexit deal after securing concessions from Britain, EU May's Brexit plan prompts backlash and resignationsBritish Prime Minister Theresa...
#TheresaMay goes to #Brussels to meet with her EU bosses to her latest set of orders. May will trap the #UK in the #customsunion &amp; #singlemarket if we let her, May is an #EU puppet whose only aim is to stop Brits getting a real #Brexit. May will go down in history as a traitor!
Please sign &amp; RT this petition, it means a lot to me: via
#Brexit: #HighCourt to rule if #referendum vote ‘#void’ as early as #Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
This is the best reason yet for going for a No Deal. Hammond gone? Excellent.
Another propaganda attempt, targeting the emotions of the public to get their mission accomplished. Not going to work this time!
What evidence do you have a no deal #Brexit is better? pretty much everyone with any inside knowledge says it would be a disaster for UK
"With Brexit settled...." Weapons grade delusion, or lies, from our own PM. Right there, on paper. We are fucked. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #Peoplesvote #CancelBrexit
Too much focus on stupid Brexit.
Brexit negotiations: MPs react to Brexit draft text news - BBC News
it's all about tax evasion. saving their tax havens from the EU tax regulations that come into effect the day after we leave the EU. cameron spent millions taking the EU to court to try &amp; stop new regulations but failed, brexit=last resort.
I'm angry with what said about law abiding citizens attending a pro brexit march in London on 9th December. According to him we are all bald headed, drunken, tattooed thugs. I suspect has offered him a knighthood, in return for him destroying #brexit.
Unfortunately for you, Britain has been educated on the EU and we’ve learned of the lies, foreign interference, propaganda and those that broke laws. We now know the harm you plan to cause the country and we #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #RemainEUnited
In boost for Britain, Peugeot to build new van at Vauxhall plant Peugeot-maker PSA has unveiled plans to raise output at its British Vauxhall van plant, in a pre-Brexit show of confidence that will raise pressure on sister brand Opel’s German workforce …
May arrives for EU Brexit summit after last-minute 'cave-in' over Gibraltar
you are the ‘Brexit’ that people actually want. So stop May, stop Brexit and stop austerity. It’s your time.
Spain Stands Firm on Gibraltar Status as Brexit Vote Nears
May's deal is worse than the deal we've already got...
It’s incorrect to say people voted leave knowing they could be poorer. David Davis 2016 - “There are no downsides to Brexit, only considerable upsides”
You jump if you like - this country is not for jumping.
Every independent and credible analysis, including the Government's own, predicts a reduced tax take as a result of Brexit, reduced further by non-membership of the single market. This is crass, politics, intended to mislead. 24/
Part of the Brexit phenomenon was the naughty mischievous British people voting to 'stress test' and curve-ball their politicians to the edge of despair to see what would happen ;)
What a load of bollocks. #Brexit
The vote 2 years ago was based on lies - people were ill informed of the consequences. The Leave campaign didn’t have a clue of the reality of Brexit. The majority who voted to leave were elderly/retired who have nothing to lose. New vote based on facts/consequences.
I’d be delighted if that happened and it would be a great bonus but I have a strong feeling that May will not try for that if her deal is defeated. She is threatening No Brexit at all.
My letter - in response to the one from It’s time for #FinalSay on #Brexit #ScrapTheBrexitDeal
Again, I'm talking about Brexit in the context of the whole UK as opposed to the insular NI bubble. I would expect Alliance to understand that. The leave/remain divide is becoming deeper and will get worse if Brexit isn't delivered the way the people voted.
#Nodeal Brexit is the best option for the UK. Talks have failed because as usual the EU has never been able to compromise &amp; weak May just gave in. A no deal will give the UK freedom &amp; give us all the advantages of Brexit. We must pursue a no deal &amp; get things ready for Brexit day
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
Promise?
“…it’s a big thing to litigate the very validity of Brexit. But if Russian athletes win Olympic medals when they are taking drugs, their victories are not valid. The same is true of a corrupt vote.”—Ewan McGaughey
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal #nah PM writes direct letter to British voters after agreeing to Spain’s demands over Gibraltar #embarrassing
We were consulted. We gave our views. We’re still awaiting implementation. To not implement is undemocratic! Also deceitful as we were promised implementation. #Brexit
You tell her! I fully support your opposition to Brexit on the grounds of such outrageous grammatical incorrectness
the "Anglican" Church, is independent of the Vatican in name only; it's still directed by the Jesuits
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit - Sky News She is lying
Mrs May, your ceaseless, vulpine lying will not quickly be forgotten or forgiven. Along with your abject predecessor, you will be remembered as unarguably the worst PMs this country has seen. The catastrophe of Brexit will be your epitaphs - and hopefully that of your party.
Northern Irish DUP says will vote against May's 'pitiful' Brexit deal
If (big IF) this happens Remainers *MUST* be patient with Leave voters. They won’t want to think they were duped. There will be many in the “We votes leave get on with it” camp who simply can’t / won’t / don’t listen to the news on what happened. And they will all be angry.
No Deal will not be a Big Deal #brexit
Yes indeed. A reckless triggering of A50 when you didn't know where to begin. Complete dereliction of duty of care and now we are all lumbered with the consequences!
...all this time and they were saying there were no positives in a no deal brexit
she has not got a f*****g clue, though, Duncs, which is indeed a shame, as if she did I would respect that
It's a numbers game... #brexit #collateralDAMAGE - 30,000 in #Gibraltar (who cares - they have an MP in Westminster) - 300,000 unionists in #NorthernIreland (who cares - they don't vote Tory or Labour) - 3,000,000 people in #Scotland (who cares - they're not English)
"With Brexit settled...." Weapons grade delusion, or lies, from our own PM. Right there, on paper. We are fucked. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #Peoplesvote #CancelBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit
(Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit) Ahead of a crunch Brexit summit, Theresa May has written a letter to the nation setting out her intention to make the UK's exit... -
EU BIRDCAGE - Charlatan Varadkar has done everything in his power to frustrate Brexit negotiations. Not because he cares for a united Ireland or any Irish interests of any sort, but because his corporate-Kalergian masters in Brussels instruct him...
More importantly the WRONG executive decision of May will be anulled and A50 canceled. May supporting Brexit knowing it's a fraud is called misconduct in a public office! "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 November,urging the prime minister to“reconsider her refusal to take any action”
Pathetic. May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
#TheresaMay has screwed over the #British people &amp; sold us out. Now it is time for her to go. Oust May from #DowningStreet, put her deal in the bin &amp; let a #Brexiteer who actually believes in #Brexit take over. May will never do the job &amp; all she has done is sabotage our Brexit!
EU Heads Into Brexit Summit Without Support From UK Parliament
EU Heads Into Brexit Summit Without Support From UK Parliament
UK PM Theresa May’s journey to Brussels may be the end of the beginning for Brexit?
Watch Video Heading into a special summit Sunday, European Council President Donald Tusk is urging European leaders to approve the proposed Brexit deal. Leaders gathered in Brussels...
Oh this is scary. Wiggle room for UK to step back from European Convention on Human Rights
history will show us the facts TM, not your short term here today gone tomorrow secret whispers and deals, history and the british electorate will win out mark my words, and it will also reveal how you failed abysmally at achieving the brexit we voted for!
Jordan Peterson on #Brexit and the Doom of the #EU
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter t..
Spain #agrees to back Brexit deal after #securing #concessions from Britain, EU
decline set to continue then
Now that your failing Brexit crusade for 0.5% of Scotland's economy is failing miserably (with added contempt from your WM bosses), can you now focus on how you're going to fail miserably on the impact on economic areas that make up 99.5% of Scotland's economy? #WetFishRoss
Norman has no mates to take
This might as well be a quote from Donald fucking Trump.
Can you actually answer the question, even though it was for Emma? When did the DUP become anti-EU? Thanks anyway....
I suppose there will always be religious intolerance, ignorence etc. Try and be nice to everyone is the best policy. Seems with homelessness, Brexit etc etc Momentum had enough to do without taking on Icke. Seems thier members or some of Em thought so.
Spain to back Brexit deal after pre-summit talks
Have a good night's sleep, it seems that you need it. You clearly haven't studied anything about Churchill. All you can do is mouth off expletives back to me. Brexit is dying. People how see it for what it is. A massive fraud to shift the wealth in favour of the already wealthy
The UK is being signed up to servitude,national humiliation &amp; permanent EU rule by May. We voted Brexit to take back control &amp; May is throwing it away. We didn’t vote to be ruled by EU courts,forced to obey EU laws,to be trapped in the customs union or let the EU control UK trade
This has just got a lot bigger than #Brexit
British vote brexit, Gibraltar is Europe, Spain is in Europe, United Kindom no! Gibraltar is Spain, easy....no! The next!!!!!!
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms (from )
rubbish deal, you lot have really screwed this country up, go back and think again, scrap Brexit for the good of the nation , Tory knobs.
Every cloud
This piece states that the border only hit the headlines in 2017. This is from May 2016 by the Irish ambassador. Will you correct this falsehood? #brexit #Ireland
Gibraltar deal clears way for Sunday Brexit summit
FUCK OFF - May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
What worries me also is that Brexit will be an example to follow for some countries on the continent.Strikes people.
BREAKING: the menu for tomorrow’s #brexit #EUCO Sunday Roast has just been leaked:
Totally agree. But, having a PM who was and still is, prepared to thwart the intentions of all those who want to leave... Has, created a bastardised Brexit. Trying to be all things to all people. It, is an impossible aim. For, Hammond, that the Remainers need rewarding, is sad.
She should read this interview with Professor Tomb:
BREAKING: WRONG executive decision of May will be anulled A50 canceled. May supporting Brexit knowing it's a fraud is misconduct in a public office! "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 Nov.,urging the prime minister to“reconsider her refusal to take any action”
Memo to my former constituent Ken Clarke: Now that Theresa May has sacrificed Gibraltar on the altar of her demented non-Brexit deal, can you still vote for it? Are you a man or a mouse?
We’ve been having the same discussion here, there aren’t any guarantees about our future here. It’s not being easy, and we do actually have many friends that are leaving Scotland because of brexit
Laughable stuff. A litany of lies aimed at shoring up the racist vote. Has she no shame at all?
BREAKING: WRONG executive decision of May will be anulled A50 canceled. May supporting Brexit knowing it's a fraud is misconduct in a public office! "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 Nov.,urging the prime minister to“reconsider her refusal to take any action”
Gibraltar deal reached by UK and Spain before Brexit summit
British government is in trouble with Brexit and here we are Russia is bigger threat than IS and a new chemical attack in Syria
People now realise it was a con. The Leave campaign lied and broke the law too. I suspect the real reason you don't want another vote is you're scared that people have realised brexit is very bad for the country, won't vote for it again and you don't want to be proved wrong.
Keep on fighting. Brexit is a disaster. Never give in.
Jesus Christ! and that’s going to be enough to convince us is it? I’m a working class scumbag and I can see right through that and I had no oxbridge education. If that can placate and coerce the best of our country to believe Brexit is good for us as a nation I’m disgusted in us.
No. We don’t want Brexit. And May has made zero effort to reach out to Remainers. No one wants her deal.
One thing that seems to be developing here is have not been given space to outline it's options and the possibility or not of Labour's manifesto etc. being able to be implemented. There is false choice: May's deal or Boris and Mog's. Leaving out a possible left Brexit.
Its the internet stupids. ................
The Brexit - Cambridge Analytica - Facebook story ain't over. And somewhere in there are fossil fuel interests as well.
She shouldn't be ashamed of the UK. She should be ashamed of and those that discredit democracy.
#carbon #cleanairact #CO2 #ElectricVehicle #cleantech #gogreen #greencities #greenbusiness #innovation #startups We have devised, tested &amp; can save £10bil to UK economy after #brexit. Looking to work with government to make our cities green &amp; save money &amp; our children's future.
A 'Brino' is still a Brexit. It stops political integration and thus preserves sovereignty, but allows trade to go on as normal &amp;, with a CU, rules out a hard border. The EU court would still have jurisdiction over the Single Market, but that's only economic regs, not real laws.
Bad deal for the UK
If them Antifa WANKERS turn up on Dec9th for the Brexit March there will be
Gibraltar will remain in the EU. UK and Spain have come to agreement. #brexit
The narrative of Brexiters saying that remaining is better than May’s deal may be inevitable. Many of them know that if we leave and struggle outside the EU, they will rightly be blamed for their lies and their ideologically driven ‘project’. Time to change the narrative. #Brexit
If I had a way of reaching thousands of people, I would be pleading for ALL pro-EU anti-Brexit folk to get out and protest. Be loud, be passionate, be European #StartProtesting #BeVisible #WATON #StopBrexit #DontBeSilent #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
So Boris compared Brexit to Titanic. Makes sense really, it's a catastrophe waiting to happen and while all the upper class seem to escape unscathed, the rest are left fighting to survive in the aftermath.
Emma brexit is a mess for everyone the dup are doing your best to enforce it
Absolute and undimmed A bit like brexit..
In WWII &amp; particularly the Battle of Britain we stopped a vile evil tyrant walking into the Country destroying all opposition &amp; carving up the UK &amp; unleashing untold horrors &amp; humiliation on those left! Maybots Brexit hands UK on a plate to a pack of vultures..This can’t happen!
Classic Labour attitude. Perhaps they can’t sell enough cars? Which is the whole point of this business.
Yes, fine. But you haven’t answered my supplementary question: how does it work? How is removal of the freedom of movement enforced? (Apparently, this is biggest reason why people voted for Brexit?) #JustAsking
A message to all you Brexiteers who feel that only your voice and opinion matters. BS!
Never a truer word spoken.
If you’re a Paramedic in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
As long as we are all EU members, the Irish border is invisible+benign,few would care if we never got unification but if we get a hard #Brexit the border will morph into the manifestation of UK’s refusal to acknowledge how important #GFA is.#DUP-you know we are stronger together
The real end game is just beginning. Brexit is a dead horse.
Yep. And imagine the frothing and fist waving of the flag waving little Ingerlunders then. Despite it being all their own fault! #Gibraltar
fucking brexit
It's been 2.5 years of deep frustration &amp; unhappiness but the endgame is here &amp; I'm hoping for the best ie #PeoplesVote with Remain &amp; Reform outcome but prepared for the worst ie no deal or 'impaired vision' hard Brexit post transition if WA prevails &amp; UK marginalisation outcome.
Progress?
Brexit
Here he is back in 2017: same analogy, opposite use:
Says these effing liars who are paid for by Far Religious Right American Libertarians who want to cash in on Brexit chaos to make themselves richer (see who pays them and know these are Quisling Fifth Columnists planning to gut the NHS and our farming not your friends)
Posted...
Oh please, this is too pathetic for words. the only reason I'm not screaming for resignation is because the possible successors are too awful to contemplate. wipe the smirk off your face - that includes you.
An overwhelming majority (83.5%) of people surveyed in Swanley, Kent on 24 Nov are opposed to the Government's Brexit 'deal'. 55% would prefer we stay in the EU and 28.5% would sooner we crash out without a deal. 65.5% want a #PeoplesVote.
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
BREAKING: WRONG executive decision of May will be anulled A50 canceled. May supporting Brexit knowing it's a fraud is misconduct in a public office! "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 Nov.,urging the prime minister to“reconsider her refusal to take any action”
Really rather depressed after a visit to friends this evening. They were lovely but the talk moved to the impending brexit. They were Remain voters and were unhappy about one or two family members who voted Leave. I broached the subject of the inevitable #indyref2 /1
#Spain - Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez says a deal has been reached regarding Brexit and Gibraltar that he finds acceptable. It would appear that his demand that Spain be given a say in any major changes in Gibraltar has been met. (MP) #Gibraltar #Brexit #EuropeanUnion #Sanchez
I'm being sarcastic
Great legal insight from Steve should a high-court decide to declare the Brexit vote illegal due to Russian interference.
There is only one way Theresa May could have got Spain onside with her Brexit ‘deal’, And that was for a sacrifice on the altar. If Gibraltar’s sovereignty was that sacrifice, then the ultimate betrayal has been committed. May must go, no deal on Gib should be discussed.
Steel company caught between tariffs and Brexit
Oh and this magnificent piece by Clive Cook. The last paragraph is both correct and devastating for those who think an orderly no deal is better than a few weeks or months of disruption
Then we are fucked.
Oh dear You don't keep up with polling We commissioned a poll and asked the question Would you give up Scotland for Brexit? and England said YES They also said they'd give up Northern Ireland
We ain't giving gibraltor back #Brexit
#brexit is not happening , only change seems to be , we and those in the EU have lost freedom of movement and tbh I feel that will be compromised in the very near future .
Really and truly??
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar, paving way for Brexit deal
We are trying to exit the Union, that is why we voted for #Brexit But the politicians are letting us down. do keep up
BREAKING: WRONG executive decision of May will be anulled A50 canceled. May supporting Brexit knowing it's a fraud is misconduct in a public office! "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 Nov.,urging the prime minister to“reconsider her refusal to take any action”
Or Leeds or Manchester or Liverpool or London. If we're carving up the UK to exclude Scotland from Brexit, can you carve us out too please.
What choice have we got. We would’ve liked our Conservative MPs to have respected their manifesto and our referendum to leave the EU by removing Theresa May. By failing to do this they are standing against democracy and our rights to self governance and have betrayed their oath.
Pondering how I’ve lost old friends and alienated Leaver family members in my attempt to stand up for what is right. It’s incredibly saddening to find out what people really think. I hope it will all have been worth it to fight against the abominable shame of Brexit.
It’s not self interest. It can’t possibly be that when I think how it’s been taken as an opportunity for gratuitous hurtfulness. It’s always been to fight for my children; my EU27 friends and the most vulnerable who will be worst hit by Brexit as well as my own EU citizenship.
This is so wrong. A vote on the facts is v popular. Do we have a pointless #brexit where we follow all the rules but no longer help make them? Or a catastrophic ‘no deal’ #Brexit? Or neither? All over UK People now want a #FinalSay with option to stay in:
Sorry, but brexit is a self-inflicted defeat for Britain.
In 2015 Parliament voted by 544 to 53 votes to give the British People a Referendum on their future. Whether to remain shackled to the rotten German led #EU or whether to regain our Autonomy, Freedom &amp; Independence. We voted for the latter. Deliver #Brexit or be Dammed Mrs May.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Would enjoy debating this as I can’t see how anyone could defend this position. He must be taking that opium for the masses that’s apparently going round. Perhaps that’s the only way to see the colourful Brexit unicorns.
May's EU Great British #Brexit giveaway continues, Soon there will be nothing of UK left to give away #NoDeal #hardbrexit #bbcnews #marr #bbcsp #bbcsml #r4today #victoriaLive #bbcqt #bbcpapers #newsbeat #bbc3 #r5live...
FORGET BREXIT - the ground-breaking 'Being Heard' report is set to be launched and available to all from midday on Thursday, November 29th... it has been an amazing nine months bringing it together with Kristopher Leask... thanks to everyone we met on the journey.
Dear There is a reason it is called 'Freedom' of movement. As British EU citizens is our freedom to live, work, and love in 27 other nation states. Loss of freedom is not to be celebrated, it is to be mourned. Ask us is we still want #Brexit with a #PeoplesVote
Listening to Andy MacDonald Shadow Transport Secretary on last Sunday’s Pienaar’s Politics, clear that want a Brexit with all the rights of being a EU member on trade and access to the Single Market. Which everyone else knows is impossible without staying in the EU.
The Remainers were equally dishonest, and still are in perpetuating their horror stories. Mature politicians should have come together to fashion a good Brexit for all. There are too many vested interests in the EU. So, that was never going to happen. The Decision was to LEAVE!
Ma’am with all due respect I believe you have betrayed the majority vote in your country who chose #brexit! Democracy only works when leaders uphold it! You should step down.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
British PM pens letter asking for support of the Brexit deal...
Theresa May faces fresh Brexit dilemma following Spain’s major win in its fight to rule Gibraltar
It’s sickening. And this is what it’s all about for May. The “go home” vans told us that. The disgusting treatment of the #windrush generation told us that. And anyone who thinks EU citizens who’ve made lives in Britain won’t be treated differently is kidding themselves. #Brexit
Agreed.
hi Bill I hope you're well...can you explain how you can take my vote against ? I can't for the love of me think of a single reason to vote for him now. Ashamed to be a Tory. But Brexit must prevail! No deal, fuck the EU
Boris de Piffel, back in 2016:
Heard of an intrepid UK trekker in #Nepal who in a remote mountain village was asked ‘ what’s all this about #Brexit, then’
Hammond has been trying to sabotage #Brexit since the #EURef. The sooner he and the other #REMOANERS in the Cabinet are gone the better. Lets have a Cabinet who believe in #LEAVE.
It is all about sovereignty - 1st and last. All the rest is window dressing. We've had frictionless trade for 40 years and all it has done is increase our balance of payments deficit. And no amount of trade can balance the books when sovereignty is being given away.
This is in 2015
#May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as #Spain claims #victory ahead of #EU Brexit summit - Sky News …
May denies ‘caving in’ over Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit
All the way bruv!
Liar. Gibraltar has been sacrificed on the altar of stupid Brexit.
They seem prepared to sacrifice just about anything on the altar of Brexit. As long as they keep promising to keep the nasty forriners out &amp; stop freedom of movement they can say they are giving the Brexiters what they voted for.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker | CBC Radio #internetlaw
The latest The Globalization Daily! Thanks to #brexit #maga
Brexit means trampled
Please retweet if you agree #StandUp4Brexit #MayMustGo #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #WTOBrexit
Was you sleeping when the people voted for a #NODEAL #BREXIT . What are you stupid , we see what you shills are trying to do. NO NEW VOTE , just leave and no deal
EU Referendum: Vote Leave's key claims about Brexit via
Cannot argue with that either. The end result is the same; current Brexit deal on offer will not deliver the "will of the people". And, Davis, Raab &amp; Boris failed to negotiate, instead, they ran away with tail between their legs, as they failed in delivering on Brexit promises.
Ach! You vote for a part time member and you get Douglas. Spinning his party’s contempt for the fishing industry. Wise up folks
New post (Ex-UK Foreign Minister Boris Johnson Says Brexit Deal Like Titanic) has been published on Daily top pop -
Well am pretty sick of the phrase “taking back control”- Britain didn’t give this option to Ireland Spain Argentina when it stole land from them - the hypocrisy of brexit and the so called ignorance of the leave voters is itself a testament to the total folly of British politics
An unexpected new group, Brexiteers against Brexit, threatens Theresa May’s plan
No Deal is so much the best option ....
Nailed, I think
F**off. Why should we? #peoplesvote now. RT. #May begs the public: unite behind me on #Brexit deal.
All I’m wanting is an explanation of what his Brexit is and how we’re supposed to relate to the EU thereafter. Real stuff not the fantasy of 2 years ago. No-one seems to have an answer.
Politicians behind the times...... Like 2 years behind
The Country wants a General Election. Then #Labour will renegotiate the #Brexit deal.... For the Many !
But it was impossible. Experts that are no longer listened to by some voters (and some in Gov't) said this was the case in 2016. Even in Gov't there were different ideas about what Brexit actually was. How can you attempt something without knowing what you're trying to achieve?
Another Iranian Migrant Boat Arrives in Dover, French Claim Smuggling ‘Explosion’ Driven by Brexit Fortunately we'll have armed riflemen up on our border to stop the invaders.
Traitor May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Better still 10 years in the tower for treason ?
How Brexit was my Brexit?
The level of cognitive dissonance I’ve just read on a retweet is staggering. Child of 20 year immigrant to U.K., voting for brexit and fully backing current Conservative government. #ageofidiocy #windrush #grenfell #hostileenvironment #immigration #brexit #ideologicalausterity
BREAKING: Menu for tommorow’s Sunday Roast #brexit #EUCO Art.50 just leaked!
Give it a rest Matt, nobody is getting behind this EU puppet of a PM, the worst PM of all time. All leave voters want a No Deal Brexit, and that is what is going to happen.
Laying the lie that they need us more than we need them. It’s now all over bar the waiting. The world poised to see us screwed every which way but...
Traitor May might regret cutting police numbers if we don't get 100% Brexit. They couldn't stop millions marching to a people's court in Parliament square with Remainer MPs dragged out into the square &amp; stuck in stocks for 24hrs. Better still 10 years in the tower for treason !
- Dear PM, this is not the deal we 17.4 million leavers voted for. This is not the Brexit the nation wants. You're being extremely stubborn in acknowledging the concerns of the UK. Please negotiate a better deal from the EU if you want public support on this. TY.
Queen’s Christmas message to include plea to EU to STOP BREXIT
When says that the entire destiny of a country is being decided because a few criminals might kick off it equally applies to threats of violence from brextreemists and Farage in the U.K. #PeoplesVote - only legitimate way forward whatever the result.
Is it just me that reads this in the voice of ? I think what the country needs is a change in government, however not just yet. Hate to admit the Tories need to complete brexit, and then call a general election #NewGreatBritainNewStart
#carbon #cleanairact #CO2 #ElectricVehicle #cleantech #gogreen #greencities #greenbusiness #innovation #startups We have devised, tested &amp; can save £10bil to UK economy after #brexit. Looking to work with government to make our cities green &amp; save money &amp; our children's future.
Yes we urgently need Reform end #FPTP A full enquiry into #brexit
I wish I hadn't. No matter how bad brexit will be, they are more content to let it happen than to pursue independence. But more than that, the ignorance of the issues I found astounding. Apparently, it wouldn't be Scotland's oil but the UK's. /2
Backstop madness.
Something to do with their donations to the Tory Party perhaps?
Theresa May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
Oh no what's this?! I'm struggling to get past "as your Prime Minister". You're not *my* Prime Minister, you're the government-of-my-country's prime minister. I didn't vote for you and you are ruining the lives of my friends and family.
What if she says no? What disastrous effects will it have?
Brexit is teaching Britain its true place in the world via
Ewan McGaughey, a senior law lecturer at King’s College London, has written: “The order by the prime minister to trigger Article 50 and negotiate to leave the EU could be declared void.”
Where can we sign? #brexit
A No-Deal Brexit Would Be A Nightmare For British Pensioners In Europe
If the High Court does in fact invalidate the referendum, will the likes of stop saying that Brexit is the will of people ?
A good account of reality
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
who would want to look at the monumental fuck up that is brexit and say "we did this together"? Theresa May and Arlene Foster!!! Who's with them? #Certainlynotme #brexit #DissolveTheUK #IndyRef2 #ScotRef
Only on the proviso that they quit saying its in the national interest, and admit that no tory policy is in the national interest.
Thanks, Adam! One journalists at least, however you voted, who doesn't see Remain as a hopeless case. Meanwhile over at the Brexit Beleavers' Corporation...
SO WHAT'S SHE STILL DOING IN DOWNING STREET... F*** sake how many more times!!! Just get Rid of Her ....
This was inevitable. it is not really your fault. It is a fact of Brexit. However, that you have not been honest with the population about this choice, and even now are not, reflects appallingly on the lack of regard you hold us in. 27/
Do #MPs really think the public will just let them total betray the Brexit vote &amp; sell out everything Brits have campaigned for decades. Brits are going to lose faith in UK democracy &amp; we will hate politicians more than we already do. MP’s are siding with the EU over UK democracy
Meanwhile, Brexit.
She is right. The Irish border question should not be muddle Brexit. The Irish border is an extraordinary situation that needs an extraordinary solution. Reunite Ireland.
New post (Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink) has been published on Right Now News -
When did you ever become an 'electoral force'? I must have blinked and missed that!
#Brexit: #Spain wants say on future of Gibraltar
Brexit Deal Bigger Threat Than Corbyn, Foster Tells Times #WallSt November 24, 2018
Seamus M may have massively underplayed hand JC was dealt. But #Remain can &amp; will still be a powerful option in a 2nd ref &amp; in underpinning all upcoming Commons and Lords votes. #MaysDeal is poor, but the solitary gamble of a GE may never work out . #BoxCleverer #PeoplesVote
This is important.
I am spitting feathers at the utter contempt shown to Scotland in all things Brexit! Ignored, maligned, disrespected, the contempt I have for this right wing xenophobic Tory party North South East or West of these isles should be felt by all in Scotland! #Indyref must be called.
You were told quite clearly before the referendum that Brexit was a risk to both Northern Ireland and Gibraltar and you ignored that. Don't pretend to be surprised now and blame someone else. You voted for this!
And not a single tangible benefit of Brexit was uttered. Nothing but platitudes. Best you get down to the allotment and start growing some vegetables. They'll only be for rich people soon once all the food prices go through the roof. #PeoplesVote
Spot on. Groupthink and careerism might be the 2 most underestimated factors in politics, and nowhere is the effect more visible than the laughable arguments for Brexit
I will never accept your deal. This is not my Brexit and I will not stand by to watch you rip the country apart
Oh just stop. We already have mechanisms to stop illegal immigration; use them. The referendum was illegal. We already have a better deal than anything you can cobble together. Mend the NHS &amp; the economy &amp; stop deporting citizens &amp; killing disabled people.
Some ppl are throwing away their credibility for #Brexit &amp; not #Brexit . Poor Jo.
Cheers Phil, thank you for your service and don't let the door bang your legs on the way out !! Bye
Dear Britain: Theresa May pens desperate letter for Brexit backing as deal on brink
Hey: It's your "Brexit". So own it.
Do you remember what you went out of your way to say several times about Brexit when you visited Southend?
In your own words, I'll take "No Brexit at all". Thank you.
How did you manage to find the one nutjob in the country who thinks Brexit is going well?? Lol..
into this crucible for the which supply admit us chorus to this history
Britain gives Spain assurances on Gibraltar to unlock Brexit deal
the brits are funny britain, just go how? watch thelma and louise
u r such a disappointment
I subscribed to the Spectator because it has been the only newspaper to support Brexit consistently for the last 50 years. Last week I also subscribed to the Telegraph since they came on board.
Oh Fuck, Wank, bugger, shitting, arsehead and hole! ~ Love Actually #Tistheseason #Whiteleys #Brexit
Wait for the court case mate. WRONG executive decision of May will be anulled A50 canceled Supporting Brexit knowing fraud is misconduct in a public office! "Croft Solicitors on 6 Nov.,urging the prime minister to“reconsider her refusal to take any action”
Brexit or not... it’ll come as long as we have a Tory Govt. feeding of the poor!
Don't let EU dictate what we do with our internet This is the reason why we voted for brexit And article 13 is a fine example #SaveYourInternet
I think this is a reason why the original brexit vote should be revisited by the British courts. I think it was fundamentally flawed with respect to the Constitution. More research should have been necessary to mandate voting. This is one example that might have vetoed the vote.
I’d pay to watch this.
I'm all for brexit but I think ukip are losing credibility
What the hell is a tory
This could get interesting! #Brexit #ArronBanks #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote
Out case proved the first bit in underlining. setting up this:
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit | The Spectator
I want to stop Brexit because people were duped with false promises but also for my and my children's European Citizenship and freedom to roam.
The greatest lie of all is three words in your letter: "With Brexit settled." You know as well as I do that this deal does not settle anything about Brexit, and the debate about Brexit will continue for years. /6
Theresa May awards knighthood to Eurosceptic Tory MP ahead of knife-edge Brexit vote
Brexit as a whole aside, is effectively losing Gibraltar a bigger or lesser failure than Suez? I can't help thinking it's bigger, and yet Suez ended Antony Eden's premiership, someone who towers over Theresa May in stature and competence. Is she going to survive this?
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal
Save our Brexit: May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation WHY SHOULD THEY? YOUR TRYING TO MAKE THE U.K. A "SLAVE" TO THE E.U.. THINKING PEOPLE DON'T TRUST YOU ANYMORE. YOUR A TRAITOR TO THE U.K.!
seizes cache of internal papers #Brexit #TrumpRussia #CambridgeAnalytica
#BOYCOTT THE . The new editor is a #remainer fanatic &amp; #TheresaMay puppet who is now printing constant attacks on #brexiteers. He is trying to prop up May &amp; her fake #brexitdeal so the UK does not get a real #brexit. Support pro #Brexit media instead!
Of course it is - if the uk doesn’t move on now to tackle the real issues that affect ordinary folk, there will be a backlash - more crime, more mental health problems etc - instability &amp; division is psychologically bad for a country (not only economically)
Britain’s May heads to Brussels as #Spain threatens #Brexit deal
Brexiters will still blame Remainers as well unfortunately. They blame May and Robbins as being the Remainers who sabotaged the negotiations. And Bots are blaming Remainers for making world complicated
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Theresa May’s Brexit deal kills hopes of ban on live animal exports, campaigners warn
The most instructive bit of this whole piece is the linked blog piece where a Leave guy basically advocates for a second vote because a Leave vote is just voting No to the EU, not advocating how the UK would leave.
Boris in all his spleandour.
Its filed in the same place as 85% voted LAB/ TORY and therefore *must* support Brexit
In that case, if prioritising fishing in Brexit negotiations IS in the national interest, why aren't the Tories at Westminster doing it?
#Spain to back #Brexit deal after pre-summit talks
Brexit Deal Bigger Threat Than Corbyn, Foster Tells Times
Brexit is senseless self made BS
Brexit Deal Bigger Threat Than Corbyn, Foster Tells Times
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
We the nation have no say in whatever our Prime Minister chooses to do with Brexit going forward, we have no power to back the deal, neither any power to oppose it. Why then are we asked to "back" it?
If this is what 'taking back control' and 'gaining sovereignty' looks like then can I vote remain again please. #BrexitShambles We need a #PeoplesVote May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker
BREAKING: WRONG executive decision of May will be anulled A50 canceled. May supporting Brexit knowing it's a fraud is misconduct in a public office! "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 Nov.,urging the prime minister to“reconsider her refusal to take any action”
And this from May 2015, 13 months before the referendum I have warnings from Irish politicians, legal experts and academics going back as far as January 2013. Will you withdraw the assertion? #brexit #Ireland
I demand a #PeoplesVote
Labour campaign for all MPs to start being as blunt as this to letters to Tory ministers x
I'll say one thing for Brexit, it makes #Strictly's #Lindyhopathon look orderly and well organised.
#Boris #Johnson woos #DUP with call to 'junk' #Brexit backstop like #sabotage of #May's hard won deal; #Boris J's personal ambitions are all that really matters here; Does good character still have any value in the UK? #TM or BJ to lead the #UK.
#maybot lies. Gibraltar will the first place thrown under the Brexit bus.
Because Brexit is a coup. You dispense with legality in a coup &amp; cherry pick the "democratic" decisions that suit your agenda &amp; ignore everything else in the name of the "will of the people". You treat identity as a zero sum so you can other &amp; exclude people. Brexit is a coup.
Has Theresa May sold the people of Gibraltar to Spain in Return for Spain vote in Today's - Sunday- 27 E.U Brexit meeting ????
This may well be true for you, but It belies the claims spun by the Leave campaign, which implied having our cake and eating it, which was why the undecideds swung behind Leave and gave the narrowest of win that even surprised Farage. #Brexit #FBPE
As an American, I expect more from the Brits. This happened
Theresa May's defence giveaway | Documentary via #EU #Brexit #TheresaMay
The FAKE NEWS gave Trump the triumph and provoked the Brexit (a Brexit the Gibraltareans voted against).
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
#Brexit UK is currently a nation which was administering largest empire in history of the world is presently a country where the deluded fighting with those in denial. U.K. is in trouble n political chaos. E.U has made it clear that option 2 renegotiate is not on table. #economy
Attempted by the shit show Seb Dance has described .... and failed ... *put your favourite superlative at the end here*
So much relation stress.What to do because there is no right or wrong choice.
"The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared void, in a legal case given a turbo-boost... after Theresa May’s refusal to act on the growing evidence of illegality in the 2016 referendum campaign"
Why are people voting Labour Gov? Just so they can give Brexit aswell? Whats the fuck is the difference?
If the majority of Scotland voted yes to independence in a Referendum, then I guess the Central government would honour it, in the same way they did with Brexit or Gibraltar. Scotland already voted “No” If that is the case, why not grant a Referendum?
Boris ‘Effing’ Johnson - put up or shut up. Back seat driver. Useless you are. Anyone can comment from the sidelines. Weakling. #brexit
You I'm afraid like are dillusional.THIS DEAL she is hoping to get through will break this country &amp; any1 associated with it. It spectacularly fails the country on the opportunities #Brexit would bring &amp; the EU have ensured we will no longer be an economic powerhouse
Mr Blobby makes a timely return to British public life
Bring out the flame throwers - the stupidity of Brexit demands they be trained on the Tory party!
New post (Britain gives Spain assurances on Gibraltar to unlock Brexit deal) has been published on newsofdayonline -
You are a wonderful interviewee, always a pleasure to read. I rather hoped you wouldn't get sucked into the narrative that Brexit was about fear-based nationalism. "Trumpism, everyone has a version of it" Mark Blyth understood and saw it coming.
This stinking shit May calls a deal which is dismembering every territory the UK has from the mainland is pushing me towards no deal daily. I maintain a weak hope for EFTA/EEA, but if we can't have that...fuck it; Hard Brexit it is. Fuck the EU; fuck May and fuck the Tories.
It now looks like the UK and USA will exchange political prisoners! #Assange for #Zuckerberg ! ... at Heathrow (now re-named Check Point #brexit Charlie)
Tories not spared in Brian Cox’s attack on Brexit.
Indeed the May government really couldn't care less about the huge human cost of Brexit for #The5Million No care, conscience or humanity. And we go on living in fear and #InLimbo/#InLimboToo We're exhausted and crushed.
One of the rules of direct democracy. If you have referenda, have them often #PeoplesVote. Only by doing so, will people vote rationally on the issue as in Switzerland, and not with their gut, which tends to give a two-finger salute to government. This is how #brexit happened.
DUP wants the text on the Irish Backstop, the last resort to maintain open border on Ireland if UK leaves EU w/o full deal, deleted from the withdrawal agreement, our they will vote against the agreement in the Parliament. Doesn’t look good for #Brexit
Save our Brexit - May urges UK public to back her in letter to the nation
I’m afraid has turned into a Liberal Democrat didn’t he support Bolton. I’m mean even the Beeb gives Him time now that he’s sold out because let’s face it Your are anti Brexit actually you ar anti British and I look forward to the day the TV licence ends.
Your name and that of your party will live in infamy for the economic destruction that is going to be wrought upon the people of the UK post brexit. Grow a pair and make yourself useful by helping prevent this dreadful charade masquerading as ‘the will of the people’.
.People were hoodwinked into voting w/very little information of the reality of what #Brexit really meant.
Steve Baker, Brexiteer, just got caught out not being clear about the Brexit deal that he would want - evidently he is contradicting himself. If he can't even honestly articulate on what Brexit deal to negotiate, who can?
Ahead of a crunch #Brexit summit, Theresa May has written a letter to the nation setting out her intention to make the UK's exit from the #EU work for both Leave and Remain supporters.
The only letter we want from her is her Resignation Letter Theresa May writes 'letter to the nation' insisting her Brexit agreement works #marr #bbcsp #ridge #MayMustGoNow #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #GeneralElectionNow
Surely, absolutely nobody supports Theresa May's brexit deal? The letter she has tweeted out tonight is yet more waffle! #Brexit #TheresaMay
FM challenges PM to debate. decide to use her surname instead of her proper title.
The only letter we want from her is her Resignation Letter Theresa May writes 'letter to the nation' insisting her Brexit agreement works #marr #bbcsp #ridge #MayMustGoNow #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #GeneralElectionNow
May vows there will NEVER be a new Brexit referendum while she is PM
These bastards are going to sell us down the river. We won't forgive or forget.
She has not achieved anything yet but sell us out indefinitely. We want a full Brexit and not continue to be the EU cash cow for ever with no benefits at all. The worst possible deal is what Treasonous May got. "No Deal is better than a Bad deal" Sad
SCREAM FOR ME, BRITANNIA!
That would be amazing. May is so good at thinking on her feet and giving straight answers.
I blame Brexit for all of it.
Yep. Remainers deliberately undermined Brexit, negotiated an awful deal and then say "The deal's so bad, we should stay in". And then they have the nerve/stupidity to blame leavers.
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
for most Brexit was all about immigration that was when the Daily Mail front page that Turkey will be in the EU soon and they are coming to the UK and the naive believed
Hammond says Brexit deal would have minimum negative impact on economy
The UK voted to Leave , but what's on offer isn't leaving, it's being kept on a lead. No Deal appears the better course, and needs to go. She cannot be trusted to deliver #Brexit.
I say this as a brexit voter btw
One wonders if the Conservative British government realise they've been played like a fiddle here by Spain, deferring Gibraltar decisions until the point Spain actually have a veto - they could have been faced down here, but not in future....
Oh look, two women who wanted to be independent but turned on that shit quick (Brexit results still pending)
May's #Brexit restricts U.K.’s ability to make new trade deals outside E.U., requires U.K. to make around £40 billion in payments to E.U. in future years, and contains few guarantees over future long-term relationship between U.K and E.U. #economy stupid
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor
Describing the Prime Minister as an “arch Remainer”, the multi-millionaire former Tory donor said a “third-rate negotiator in any middle sized company” would have done a better job of the negotiations, and called for Boris Johnson to take over.
Likening the hysteria around no deal to the millennium bug, he lambasted the Government’s “defeatist” attitude, accusing Mrs May of going “cap in hand” to the EU. Despite owning 11 hotels including nine in Europe, the 73-year-old entrepreneur said...
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the petition! via
It doesn't work for either side. The only path forward is a refererendum where the options are stay in the Eu or Hard Brexit with no deal. Instead of some fairlytale deal that no-one is happy with. A good deal was never possible with time available and the Tory internal fighting
If you’re a Sculptor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a calamity for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Tresea may... this deal dismantles the country... keeps us in the EU. You are a traitorous cunt &amp; have committed treason &amp; have surrendered to unterenmensch. You should be executed.
Things that didn’t happen
This sounds great. End Brexit and get a Labour govt.
Stand up for Scotland, voted to remain and it has a democratic election mandate for the SNP government endorsed by the Scottish parliament for a indy2 on exactly this Brexit scenario, or is it only English democracy that matters???
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics #TakeBackControl #MyArse #ToryBrexitShambles
I hope you’re still Prime Minister when we tell you to shove Brexit and the Union up your arse May. It would be the cherry on the cake for you to be the Prime Minister that sees the break up of U.K. Scotland didn’t vote for Brexit. Fukc you. Fukc Brexit. Fukc the Union. #Indyref2
Tom, Tom-very disappointing that you’ve nailed your colours to the #EU flag, or so it seems! You know full well that their M.O. is to keep having referenda until their right result is achieved! We had THE referendum &amp; in our democracy the result was #LEAVE ie #BREXIT !
Sorry, Donald. The deal stinks. Not EU’s fault. It’s all down the the liars who made the #brexit mess and compounded by May and her hapless crew. We’re going to sink it.
He hasn’t got the balls just like . All full of shit and no conviction #brexit #BrexitDeal
The issue is that someone who doesn’t believe in Brexit &amp; all the benefits it COULD bring - was put in charge. It then became a weak “damage limitation exercise” . She undermined two Brexit ministers - &amp; imposed her own version. This has never been Brexit. It’s a form of Remain.
“Keir Starmer, the shadow Brexit secretary, is working on plans to amend key elements of Brexit legislation that still have to pass through the Commons, in order to prevent parliament ever approving the option”
What is the doing pushing the government deal on #Brexit
Wow! I will believe it when I see it though! High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
MAY BEGS ..... rather sums up the whole approach to the Brexit negotiations by who must take responsibility for this dog's dinner of a deal. No Deal remains the better option.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Do you support Theresa May's brexit deal? If yes then please tweet why. Please RT as I'd like to hear different opinions. #Brexit #TheresaMay
Hang on love, May or BoJo are not the only two positions that could be voiced on the utter anal douch water of the Conservative Brexit nation disaster.
May receives rare good news on Brexit plan after securing Tusk support #Scotland
This tweet, demonstrates all that is wrong with the argument of Remainers. They, persist in insulting us. They, claim that we didn’t understand. That we were hoodwinked. It was your side who became illiterate following the result. You, couldn’t respect democracy!
UK Alternative Finance Market Grows 35% Aided by Institutional Participation, Some Segments Slow &amp; Brexit Concerns are Significant #blockchain #digitalasset #Ethereum #bitcoin #BTC #cryptocurrency #crypto #Altcoin #altcoinnews #IoT #ICO #Exchange #fintech #token #finance
#TheresaMay never backed #Brexit &amp; now she has a remainer cabinet, remainer courts, remainer #civilservants, remainer media &amp; remainer business backing her #Brexit #sellout. May’s deal is a trap to make sure we never leave the EU because the establishment hate Brits voted Brexit!
And that is... the wrong answer. Sorry, John, but you leave the show and go home tonight with £0.
I’m not sure about that but I would try to stop Brexit.
I`m not talking Tory Linda...I`m talking fair &amp; talking how NOT to treat people. Brexit was never going to be easy....do you really believe Labour would have done any better than the Tories?? Communist Corbyn would have failed big time. Talk is cheap Linda. Tony xx
No I will not back your brexit deal, please stand down and let another with more talent than yourself run this country.
Nice line at the end.
Brexit. Man U heals in Canada too.
Not odd. It's cognative dissonance. It will be a painful experience once Brexit takes place whatever form it may be.
She might as well she’s buckled over everything else. Wouldn’t it be nice if we had a politician who fought for us like they fight for Europe elites.
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory ahead of EU Brexit summit
(The Scotsman):#Scots #MPs drawn to Norway plan as Brexit alternative : Scottish MPs have held talks about a Brexit fallback plan that would see the UK stay in the single market and customs union, while escaping from the EU’s ..
Would not surprise me in the least. The British are slow to rile, but God help them when they do
BREXIT: May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal #EuropeanUnion #EU #Gibraltar #Brexit #PrimeMinister
Well done . Going round stoking up tension with the DUP. I am no Corbyn fan but he has done nothing to endanger the Good Friday Agreement whereas you are only too happy to parachute yourself in where you are not wanted as Little Miss Brexit.
The more I hear about May's Brexit deal, the more I think she is a traitor. Don't be so naive to believe they don't exist in this day and age. They do.
The Peckham brexitometer outside Costupper Brexit Store. Not quite finished but going the right way towards a #PeoplesVote.
That's what I always thought during the campaign. Leavers were presented with facts showing brexit will be bad for Gibraltar, Scotland, NI, the City, Universities, scientific research, NHS recruitment, and so on. Their answer: "stuff them, we want out". It was a callous vote
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
No it is not. Deal represents the worst of both worlds.
Are you having #SundayLunch with your #Brexit dad? ...Tick. Does he take the Telegraph? ...Tick. Should be fun.
I guess the best way to answer it would be to prove him wrong . I hope to god it doesn’t go down that way or lend itself to being portrayed that way as that would be massively damaging to Brexit
Good luck getting anything from London after Brexit, lady. #Svengoolie
Brexit(ing) so far has done a phenomonal job of restoring UK sovereignty...
I'm with you Ann
No, it doesn't end there imo. The brexit genie is not going back in the bottle, no matter what they do.
Tough on Brexit. Tough on the causes of Brexit
#May lied during the election, lied in every Brexit speech she made &amp; lied every day for 2 years. May never wanted Brexit &amp; has used her deal to overrule key benefits of #Brexit like quitting the #customsunion &amp; #singlemarket. The only way they will learn is to stop voting #Tory!
. well what an attitude. take 2nd best because I am fed up of hearing the wod #Brexit everyday. Where's the #BririshBackbone to be the best?
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
You know times are bad when shopping baskets are in this state! #brexit #Tesco #shoppingbasket #basket
Next week, Steve solves Brexit whilst tap-dancing the meaning of life in morse code translated from Latin
And what are we in with a hard Brexit? I like Pascal Lamy's description of moving from the Premier League to the 4th division. Anyone that thinks that's good is in cuckooland
Stick your Brexit deal up your arse #maybot
Hammond says Brexit deal would have minimum negative impact on economy
Vv, I believe you have a brexit to fight. 50 euros cut in rent subsidies on all households in public housing isn't quite upper-middle class tho.
“The guy who delivered Brexit will be the guy who helps ends it”. Theresa May is part of this, she’s been caught in the act. She should go to prison with Aron Banks. This case is Putin’s Russia and GIU VS United Kingdom.
Given that everything people are doing is wrong to the dedicated Brexit person, I want to know what their plan is. What’s the idea, what’s the plan going forward. What do they want. No-one has said.
NO! Absolutely no...Your pride in removing FOM, and your Brexit deal that NO-ONE wants infuriates me. Don't expect a desperate begging letter to bring the millions you ignore flocking to support you...ugh May begs public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
Theresa May doing a Black Friday special Vote with her on Brexit and get a Knighthood for free.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
#GreatBritain #PrimeMinister #TheresaMay to head to #Brussels #Belgium tomorrow for a last minute #Brexit summit. #EU #Euro #UK #EuroZone #Dollar #GBP #Spain #Gibraltar #InternationalRelations #Governments #Trade #TradeBloc #PedroSanchez #EuropeanUnion
When we say we need to take “these concerns” seriously, we need to acknowledge how detached from objective reality these concerns really are. If we don’t, we’re ceding territory to the isolationists and fascists.
The paragraph that shows the PM has learned nothing about the culture wars underpinning the Brexit vote (and that ‘Nothing Has Changed’ since)
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Oh I bet he does! It’s Remain in all but name so why wouldn’t they accept it. We must reject it, Parliament reject it and opt for No Deal
Steel company caught between tariffs and Brexit: Caught between Trump's trade war and Brexit, manufacturers across Britain's industrial heartland are teetering on the edge of extinction. CNN's Anna Stewart reports on one company caught in the middle of…
but go ahead Trees, say it again "brexit means brexit"
Ahead of the Brexit summit, Theresa May has written a letter to the nation setting out her intention to make the UK's exit from the EU work for everyone. She outlines immigration, money, law and protecting rights of UK &amp; EU nationals living in Europe or Britain as priorities
What a load of codswallop! Theresa May's open letter to Britain: My Brexit deal works for everyone - whether you voted Leave or Remain via
"No deal BrExit"
‘If #Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
‘If #Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
More games - will it ever end ?
#Nodeal #Brexit has been the subject of a scaremongering propaganda campaign by #remainers just like they tried in the EU ref because they are still trying to stop Brexit happening. #Maysdeal is the #remainer version of Brexit where we never really quit. No deal is real brexit!
He is wrong; not offering an opportunity for an informed vote rather than take brexit step based on 2016 flawed simplistic blind opinion poll would be undemocratic and destroy uk
Dear T May - go f*** yourself... we want NOTHING to do with you and your Brexit
A shame then that we have upset so many nations who will not enable our WTO membership. Love your pie in the sky figures and certainty by saying “could”
Actually, what will become of me after Brexit? Will you have to hide me in your attic like?
Watch Aaron Banks/Brexit too!
Brexit: Donald Tusk says deal 'will avoid hard border' || || || #Northern Island
Most members and voters anti Brexit. Only the cultists want it.
