For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
Oh yes , it's pandering to the right that's stifled the negotiations. Not the constant drumming of the left (and yourself) tying her hands behind her back since the referendum.
No deal Brexit then. Fantastic :-) :-)
WHO'S THE LEADER OF LABOUR THESE DAYS? Labour WILL back second referendum on Brexit, Tony Blair claims as Corbyn’s pals plot with pro-EU activists
She is a disgrace to Britain
So we won't have any drinking water next April because the EU will somehow prevent us from importing purifying chemicals. Do you think we will runout of German, French or Italian cars, Danish butter and bacon. And what about French wine and cheese. Project fear.
So Theresa May should appease the DUP? in #ArleneFoster s own words "If you feed the crocodile it will keep coming back"
When she became PM she accepted the responsibility to Leave the EU. She has failed and deserves to be removed from office - forever!
Nice review, mix of organisations inc gov. The only model that suggests post brexit growth. Coincidentally the organisation that produced that model has 3 Tory MP's as advisers, inc Rees-Mogg .
"The UK conceded in writing that Spain should have a veto over whether any future trade deal applies to Gibraltar." Thereby giving another country *increased* jurisdiction over a UK territory. So much for #Brexit means Brexit. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit is a far right resurgence. Discord and distrust are rife now. Stop waving paper claiming "peace of our time"
Macron warning on fishing rights as EU backs May’s Brexit deal
Spot on
Maybe it was the word Brexit she was offended by ?
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
This is the best deal possible. An hour of withdrawal-related songs with Sarah from 7pm. #brexit
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
Its basically a question of trust. Does the UK think EU will play fair once brexit withdrawl deal signed? The outrage from politicians indicates there is 0 trust #brexitshambles
#May is a remainer, she is proposing this agreement as delivering on the EU Referendum result - the establishment are trying to 'hose' Brexit but they will fail The next month will see a political uprising &amp; a rejection of the Withdrawal Bill
Brexit
Theresa May today saying this is the best Brexit deal for Britain!: via
Fucking genius. New Brexit minister, at least you know what your on about.
I thought it means Brexit. Isn’t that clear enough?
OMFG. It's May's Deal, No Deal or Remain. And no one's asked you to be PM yet.
CFP has already proven that it cannot work. We need our own fish.
Is the BREXIT deal published online so we are all able to look at it? #Brexit
‘No credible alternative’ to Brexit deal on offer, says Scottish Secretary | Bailiwick Express UK
Let's ditch Brexit. #PeoplesVote
So will #Europe miss the #UK when it’s gone? No. “We now have to negotiate the worst trade deal in history – the only one that’s a reduction on what we have” - interesting analysis #Brexit
You little bad girl of brexit. Do you know how many british bullfighting lover cunts do we have to deal with every year in Sanfermines?? They like to drink and laugh while the torero kills the bull. Anyway u are entitled not just to ur own opinions but also to your stupid claims.
Fucking gangster!
Because she is so good and knowing what the British people want - like that time she called an election because she knew we would back her.. #brexit
says that the ‘views of the British people’ have been taken into account in draft the Brexit agreement. No Mr Juncker, they haven’t. Theresa May does not represent the majority of British people, you have only the views of a small, selfish minority.
The country needs the #Brexit it voted for not this sham. You should be ashamed supporting this debacle. Be assured the 17.4M will not forget. #betrayal
He's got it right over the infighting in UKIP. They have lost their way as an 'Independence Party' (from EU), into a default bunch of xenophobic racists. #C4News
Dear Rather like this toilet, your Governments Withdrawal Deal is a busted flush. The chance it has of passing through Parliament is equal to the chances of not having to queue at passport control when/if Brexit ever happens. Kind regards, TW-IN
Great piss off then
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit - and put Ireland at risk
Is this the trailer for the film?
Dear in the spirit of #Brexit / #BoredofBrexit how about livening things up a bit with The Clash - Safe European Home via
If you have to sell your deal to the people.....why wouldn’t you let the people have a vote on it? #BackTheBrexitDeal #peoples
Dan Dan Dan! Bless. You still haven’t got it have you? Hard Brexit, Soft Brexit, No Deal, all terms made up by remainers. Brexiteers want to leave the EU. If the EU want to do a deal in our terms ok. If they don’t, ok too. But they will want to when we leave
Think you've done a great job delivering a brexit we voted for opposition SNP DUP will vote against you this could be the best straight out and watch the Europeans come crawling to us
I wonder whether EU member states particularly the ones with large trade deficit with UK carry out similar Brexit assessments? What will No Deal mean to autocar workers in Stuttgart, poultry farmers in Holland or tourist industry in Spain?
Delete your account - or help try to limit the Brexit mess you created...
Getting Brexit deal through Commons will be Herculean job
I went to two bars today. A random bar in Gourock owned by a Tory voting, anti-independence, Brexit voter and the , which I had specifically wanted to go to. I got a much warmer welcome from the former despite our political views being diametrically opposed.
'A sad day': European Union endorses Brexit deal via
Of course. Politicians do not do what’s in the best of the people or it’s country. They do what’s in best interest of themselves. Politicians are power hungry selfish elites
Callous, democratic-deficit, Fourth-Reichy totalitarianism should be made of sterner stuff. UK will look back on #Brexit as one of the humiliating chapters in their history. #Brexiters have mixed incompetence, falsehoods and magical-thinking in pursuit of needless self-harm.
Great to see Govey tucking into difficulties of UK seafood and Brexit. Having his hake and eating it and no doubt pondering reseed of oceans and modern fleet. Time for Change
May Writes ‘Letter to the Nation‘ Begging for Brexit Deal Support via
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns. Tory Governments of PM Cameron &amp; May,has over last 9 years,divided &amp; through their deep Austerity &amp; Cuts caused many UK individual,family's distress &amp; living standard uncertainty. PM May no Sympathy from me.
Fucking had enough of #skynews and its remoaner bull shit. #Brexit
Good to hear that at last the legitimacy of the EU ref is being heard urgently. This global gunpowder plot (metaphorically speaking) needs to be taken seriously imv.
A second referendum with the following choices is the only honourable and workable solution to #Brexit 1. Theresa's May's deal 2. No deal 3. Stay in the EU Like to disagree, RT to agree
We need more like Jim.
Talkd to Rudaw on #Brexit
German Politicians seem to hate the German People.
"So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not", an interesting reading at the with my comments
I’m perplex about #Brexit... remainers are not happy, brexiteers are not happy, Eu citizens not happy, british citizens not happy... anyone happy with #BrexitShambles at all? A true leader needs to emerge and bring solutions and unite not only UK but the all EU again!
Very political, but no one knew what was gonna happen post Brexit
British Prime Minister #TheresaMay must now sell the deal to her divided Parliament - a huge task considering the intense opposition from pro-#Brexit and pro-EU lawmakers alike - to ensure Britain can leave with a minimum of upheaval on March 29.
Brexit: ‘I’m never changing my mind’ says Juncker
Shambles mate, I get the reasons for Brexit taking back control of the borders and laws but this is just a cock up
May, &amp; The Economist, want #Brexit, or at least The City does. Corbyn won't want to remain either, but I understand why: he's not "caving to the right wing" &amp; anyone who thinks so is a fool, but I wouldn't want to try &amp; let the EU define what "economic justice" means either.
I'm sorry for Brexit: I tink that bothe EU and UK will be worse!
Thanks for standing up for brexit
Bored Of Banging On About Brexit? That's just what Theresa May is banking on via
Is the hashtag #notinmyname the one to use for a brexit rebellion do you think? #notmygov might be nilistic
Corbyn hasn't had the numbers in parliament and so he's had to play a long game - IMO he's played it as well as anyone could. #GTTO
Spain to seek talks on joint sovereignty of Gibraltar via
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum. “fiddling while Rome burned.”
I added a video to a playlist May's Brexit may be: EU leaders endorse the contentious deal at
British woman living in France complains about immigrants without a sense of irony
The montage in the last minute of tonight about #Brexit was genius . You should tweet a link.
"Dear 'Leave' Tossers, You SUCK and I've done everything I can to sabotage a proper #BrexitDeal create #BrexitChaos and leave this deal in utter #BrexitShambles but approve it so the EU can continue to fuck Britons because We Elites know better than you."
We don’t want Brexit, you delusional robot. The future isn’t bright out of the EU and you bloody well know it.
They say the best deals are when both parties are unhappy. #brexit deal approved in 30mins by a bunch of eager Europeans. Somethings not right
May only cares about Brexit going through because her legacy depends on it #Brexit
#Brexit feels like losing an old friend. Still cannot believe that this will really happen.
How can such deception be allowed with no overt challenge. Everything is built on sand ....
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
#Brexit day in France
After 1st glance at FWA and PDecl I cant help but wonder why we didnt just go for extending cut off date of Art 50. Obvious that this to-do is a) domestic political = 'brexit means brexit'; b) Govt failed to negotiate decisions effectively. If I'm wrong, can anyone put me right?
I have been in this country for 12 years and I am finding the failure to guarantee EU citizens rights upfront, using us as bargaining chips in the game of Brexit and now having to apply for a permit (settled status) to work here, very offensive
15th November - A total of 135 MPs spoke during the debate – and only 15 came out in favour, compared to the 109 MPs who vowed to vote the plan down when it comes before Parliament. #Brexit Is there an update on this?
I added a video to a playlist EU Endorses Brexit Deal: EU leaders back Theresa May's deal in Brussels
I detest Tony Blair and it really bothers me to agree with him but he is absolutely right in what he said about Brexit. I just wish it was Corbyn saying it.
I'll tell you right now, I will be f*cking furious if the red Tories come out and vote with the rest of the Tory scoundrels for this shitfest of a #Brexit deal. Theresa May has f*cked over every single person who voted, both Leave and Remain.
We live in interesting times....
I'm sported with you,
Now worries, we've got them exactly where they want us...
..... and, my Son, this was how it all started. While British politicians were obsessing about Brexit the opening salvos of WW3 were fired.
The other 30% were swing voters, and they were influenced by what they were told during the campaign. So what do you think will be the benefit of Brexit, now that you have got what you wished for?
#Brexit scramble: #TheresaMay ‘will fail’ to seal immigration curbs in time to win vote
#Brexit scramble: #TheresaMay ‘will fail’ to seal immigration curbs in time to win vote
New World Order
In fairness. Mr Tony Connelly is a great advert for punlic service broadcasting. Also getting the scoop on whats actually happening. Well done RTE and take a bow Mr Connelly. #Brexit
This is just too sad.
Leadership, not waiting games, win elections. Corbyn's clueless : Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Brexit is a bit more important than the situation of a playspace or a sub committee on mens sheds, Doug. Majority in 6 counties voted remain. Get off the fence.
Talk of standing reality on its head; 85% voted for Brexit supporting parties. The priority of people voting Labour wouldn't necessarily be due to Brexit. Brexit is the work of the true elite, not Rees-Mogg &amp; Farage's make believe version.
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
ITS WHAT WE VOTED FOR
Those powerful people, who are determined to have Brexit, are the ones who will gain financially - the rest of us will pick up the crusts and watch the children suffer.
That won't meet Government Pledge to #brexit - tell the peoples the truth that EU is not profitable or viable - Mervyn King is
Or, don't? You people are so transparent. This is infantile gloss, without detail or substance, if you want to know why this deal is so bad, see and
Barnier tells MPs who want to block Brexit deal to ‘take responsibility’
The whole Brexit debate is missing the Climate breakdown angle. Irish agriculture must start looking at this. Brexiters could give them a head start if there go full green.
nytimes: UK Prime Minister Theresa May has won approval from the EU for her Brexit plan. Here's what happens next, and the potential pitfalls ahead.
&gt;THE REFERENDUM IS INVALID BECAUSE I SAID SO! And if it was valid, people would scream it should be held again. Like with Brexit.
Corbyn is a tory. And you can NEVER trust a tory. Not even once. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
Sell-out protects barbaric trade of sending live animals abroad for slaughter
A real 'must read'! Delingpole: Britain‘s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
Brendan O'Connor: 'Mick McCarthy is our Brexit'
May's trying to sell her Brexit deal as the finest British beef- when it is a stinking pile of dead horse meat that pleases NO ONE!She can't get it through parliament- and rather than have a G.E. we will have a referendum.Three Options;her deal/no deal/ Remain. Compulsory voting!
CBC news: Brexit is just a sideshow. A bigger danger for the European Union looms from the east
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
Brendan O'Connor: 'Mick McCarthy is our Brexit'
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
What are the main reasons for why negotiating a proper Brexit deal has been so hard?
What nonsense! Brexit IS a far right resurgence. You don't beat fascists by pandering to them. Also, have you seen the size of the crowds Farage is getting? Your feared discord will be no worse than a football riot at worse. Where on earth are you getting this crap from?
And the argument rages on. It's like the brexit of best man decisions is this. Key notes so farMan 1 I should be best man as I have kids and am responsible. Man 2 well no disrespect but I should have been picked I grew up with him. Man 1 well that is disrespectful. Man 3 quiet.
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
Brexit chatter saves us from other matters - like serious crimes, suicide rates, the £, prison conditions, universal credit, mental health, homelessness, housing, election crimes, Russian donors - how can we at the Sun speak against our government - the owner would sack us...
this Brexit is another example of the dishonesty that politicians such as you, and others have been distilling to the people. It’s corrupt, demeans the UK. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
NAPOLEON MACRON SHOWING HIS TRUE COLOURS Emmanuel Macron vows to keep Britain trapped in customs union if we don’t let EU into our waters after Brexit
Brexit is going to screw us over so much and the very worst thing is Brexit means we have no freedom of movement to LEAVE. I can't believe there are people that are actually excited for it.
Had Labour not gained all those seats from Theresa May in her 2017 snap election, the Brexit situation would be quite different today. Jeremy Corbyn, Labour campaigners &amp; all our voters deserve credit for denying May a working majority and giving her a big headache right now.
time for all patriotic MPs to consider the real interests of the country, not their party. Brexit Trumps Party.
In any negotiations, you don't get everything you want. You need Identify what your vital interests are and be ready to make some concessions too~ #Brexit
Exactly. A quick Clean and Open BREXIT to WTO Rules is what we need and to get that Mrs. May has to go and go quickly. Her whole performance since her appointment at party leader has been even worse than her abysmal effort as Home Secretary. A proven record of incompetence.
Spoof Brexit shop opens in Peckham to highlight grocery 'price rises' post-EU - Evening Standard
What movie do you wanna see? Star Trek or Brexit?
He’s still got it
Many of us are utterly heartbroken for our children and grand-children
Brexit
Tusk, Juncker &amp; Barnier speak to press after EU leaders endorse Brexit deal
If I was a rabid Euro supporter I would probably support the ERG, May and Corbyn in ram raiding Brexit through. If we crash out we will immediately apply to come back on worse terms. And Farage, Rees Mogg etc will not be listened to again.
It is clear. EU2016 ref. is based on fraud. You and May siding with the fraud is called misconduct in a public office. "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 Nov.,urging the prime minister to“reconsider her refusal to take any action”
I added a video to a playlist UK PM May speaks after EU leaders approve Brexit deal (Streamed Live)
I agree Brexit is a deeply unwise move. But I’d say dismissing others people’s opinions as nonsense is half the reason it’s at an impasse
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
We trade with countries, we do not trade with a political union. Whomst digital marketing intern?
So, your happy with this turd-on-a-stick that's being called Brexit?
No it hasn't.
It is sad that the of today support Thatcherism. She signed the Single European Act, which enabled her successor to sign the Maastricht Treaty The no longer represents the traditional working class of this Nation #Brexit
Macron demands European access to UK fishing quotas or we remain tied to the CU, seems she is hoist by her own petard , so I wonder what all the fishermen who voted for Brexit think now. Because , just with Gibraltar , she will sell them down the river.
‘A funeral masquerading as a baptism..’ A classic column.
I worry you might not make it through Brexit, you need to get into the habit of, whatever living thing you see, thinking “can I eat it?” &amp; “how do I kill it?”* *the answer to that one is usually “with a hammer”
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
I added a video to a playlist Tusk, Juncker &amp; Barnier speak to press after EU leaders endorse Brexit
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
Delingpole: Britain’s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
There is an 11th hour realisation that the deal the government is proposing is rubbish from multiple perspectives. There is also a growing support for abandoning brexit altogether, quite possibly a majority. But here you are, blindly supporting the demise of the UK at any cost.
Mutually incompatible aims. #Brexit
Very odd considering all the fear stories, don’t these poor people know that the U.K. is the most racist, racist country on the planet and once we leave they will be the first to be eaten as brexit will bring upon the apocalypse and the dead willl rise! Will someone not help them
via Daybreak: EU Endorses Brexit. China's WTO Defense. (Podcast)
Daybreak: EU Endorses Brexit. China's WTO Defense. (Podcast)
Poll: Who thinks the UK should leave with no deal:
Oh please let it be true
The way ahead ...?
Sit her down with a Cornish cream tea (jam first of course) and explain why this is ?
Bloomberg:- Daybreak: EU Endorses Brexit. China's WTO Defense. (Podcast) #news #WordPress
Ridiculous nonsense exposed here
The reason we're leaving is because Parliament was elected to enact Brexit at the 2017 general election. Since that point the referendum has become irrelevant. It doesn't matter if the whole leave campaign was funded by Putin and Isis now, the 2017 election legitimised Brexit
I was going to laugh, but you’re actually being serious. Stop trying to disguise her deal as Brexit.....it’s remain by all but name.
'EXCLUSIVE: #EU citizens with serious criminal convictions should be deported after #Brexit says think tank:
What implications if any do you see brexit impacting our football leagues from top to bottom chaps? Keep it simple it’s confusing enough!
Yeah. I never did believe all that shit about the Romans, the Vikings, and the Normans.
John Downing: 'History in the making: but already the #EU has moved into post-Brexit phase'
Brexit will leave us all with a feeling of strange emptiness, Rory.
On a day that you would have thought they would have pulled out all the stops to help her, Macron torpedoes her. #brexit
Brexit news: Heseltine BLASTS Rees-Mogg's 'naive' bid to challenge May | UK | News |
This is what happens if the UK leaves the EU with no deal Which will happen because EU said we won't get a better deal meaning they will reject any Canada+ model Brexit we put forward.
#DoctorWho has made me forget Brexit for 3/4 of an hour. Thank you.
The issue of fishing isn't *anywhere near* the most important for Scotland in terms of Brexit. It *is* though an issue in terms of Scottish Tory betrayal. These comments from Emmanuel Macron should be given the same prominence as those of Jose Manuel Barrosso during the Indyref.
Right, so this Brexit ‘deal’ doesn’t make it through parliament. What happens next? Your predictions please.
Well said.
Truth told, if it were the other way around, the UK would bury Ireland. In the event of a hard brexit/no deal, the unification of the island will only accelerate, meaning NI will get to rejoin the EU.
Wrong. If ECJ, on Tuesday, rules that UK can, UNILATERALLY revoke A50 (as most legal experts say it will) then Brexit CAN be stopped - and there WILL be the Parl numbers to do that IF Corbyn gets Labour's act together and grows a spine.
Time to come off the fence jeremy and off the whole nation leadership
A second referendum that went against the first referendum leave by a small % would create riots divisions unrest like this country has ever seen.
*detailed* assessment from "..NOTHING in the Withdrawal Agreement assists me in rebuilding the faith I lost after the release of the Chequers negotiating proposals in July, having previously accepted at face value the assurances + strategy set out before that time."
Mehn Theresa May is definitely one of the toughest person alive. #TheresaMay #ToughSkinned #Brexit
EU approved May's Brexit deal.
The May fictional agreement doesn’t represent me or my family! #BrexitFallacy
You can't make this shit up. Brexiteers are now using the Remain arguments. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit is very easy when you don't have the bother of trying to get others to accept the terms that you want, or even acknowledge that they might have different priorities.
More ravings from another fantasist.
I'm a remain voter, but honestly believe the referendum was between a full hard Brexit or just stay the same. What we now have is complete ballcocks.
Seems we are hoist by our own petard , so I wonder what all the fishermen who voted for Brexit think now. Because , just with Gibraltar , she will sell them down the river.
selected a remainer to negotiate and deliver #Brexit, did we really expect anything other than this damn right betrayal of the British people &amp; democracy? No. #NoDeal.
No. I think we made a mistake not to have a referendum on Maastricht. Italy, Ireland , Denmark(x2) &amp; France did. Referendums aren't bad as long as they (unlike Brexit 2016) are clearly defined.
Outflows from UK-focused equity funds since Brexit vote hit $1tn
Labour has been a goddamn disappointment through the whole process. You were our only chance to overturn this. You are all sitting there, no firm stance on what you want from Brexit and observe while this ridiculous government is ripping the country apart. You are all the same
With all the proof out there, and with the cover-up's withholding information perhaps Mrs T May should be investigated unless she's above the law?
It's all lies. It doesn't deliver Brexit, it only sets out transition arrangements which tie us even more closely to the EU. The final deal is still only unreliable promises. If this is the best deal we can get, we don't want it. should deliver WTO Brexit or resign.
BREXIT WARNING: Macron blasts 'French fishing will be PROTECTED' in new threat on UK seas
#eu army &amp; closer integration leading to a federal state is #voteleave propaganda don't you know?? #brexit
No, you make no sense. I wasn’t talking about Brexit. I never mentioned it, then you post a picture. You may as well have posted a picture of trump too, it would have been as out of context as your first tweet.
Thank you, Adam. Your correspondent is so deluded - too many Brexit-billionaires and their newspapers? Mr Juncker, nice or nasty, has so little real power. The EU just isn't the bully that Brexiteers have made it out to be - we have to ask why.
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal” | Coffee House
This thing with Ukraine-Russia. I don't think it's a coincidence of timing. As Facebook catches fire, Brexit his snags, the Dems wait to be sworn in and Mueller waits for that ... A crisis is actually what Trump needs most. Russia, too.
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms
Playing the victim is the final desperate attempt by the Brexit ringleaders to keep their support. Don't fall for it.
Remain. I'd hoped he'd come good and realise the folly of Brexit but he's always been a Lexiter. I've voted Labour most of my adult life. I may return one day with new leadership but I'm done for the time being.
'Seals a brexit deal for the UK'. Now who is kidding who?
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
The latest The Francesco M. Gallo Daily! Thanks to #brexit #28novembre
The establishment are determined that we will not leave the EU . The bastards .
Does it fuck! You’re just yet another “yes man” in a line of many. You’re credibility, the little you had has vanished along with brexit. Start looking for a new job sunshine, are history.
Few people understand how entitled to power these academic parasites are convinced they are.
Corbyn and Labour are calling for a general election, have for a long time. Corbyn and Labour also have been pushing for a HOC vote - 'a meaningful vote' for months. None of this is he or Labour stopping brexit. So, how can he or Labour stop brexit?.
Sorry , I won't be supporting this.
Still trust Jeremy Corbyn? Listen to this extract from "All Out War" on how Corbyn wilfully sabotaged #Euref He doesn't care a damn about us, any of us. He's playing Labour supporters for fools. #JC4PM is a sick joke #PeoplesVote
Sounds about right
I can’t wait to sleep - having the busiest two days of my life so far at work! #Brexit
Thinking about this again and surely second referendum supporters must realise that stuff like this actually harms their cause? Like what normal person is going to look at a guy struggling to burn TM’s Brexit deal with a blowtorch and change their mind to wanting a second ref?
I’m sorry Theresa, and I believe you’ve done your (misguided) best, but you are seriously deluded. It’s a crap deal and I, for one, am nowhere near done arguing about #brexit. #BrexitShambles
she is shite - we need a change in government - #generalelection now - and bring in a grown up #labour government #jc4pm
Fuck the deal and fuck brexit! I'm not going to sit by idly while our rights are taken away from us because some xenophobes and tax dodgers want to! #StopBrexit
Useful thread tracking legal cases
The country needs the certainty of stopping Brexit and standing up to the liars and cheats trying to deliver it in any form.
When you have not got anything positive to say, you have to go back to the tried and tested lies, even though they have been shown to lies a long time ago.
If you take a bribe and don't deliver.
‘Not at individual people’? You underestimate how conflated media and fringe politicians like JRM and Redwood get the EU and its citizens mixed up. Did the spike in hate crime against EU citizens, Poles in particular, pass you by? With more to come
If we can't beat the French at protesting then we can forget the UK. Boots on the ground - Brexit Betrayal - Dec 9th. Come on you lot - let's show them how it's done :-)
Have you seen the bollocks to Brexit banana bus yet, Chris?
Emily Maitlis asking Yanis Varoufakis what it was like to negotiate with the EU as a 'third country on the outside'. Another BBC journo wearing her ignorance about EU affairs like a badge of honour. #Brexit #newsnight
Hammond's egg is saturated policies are over rated as they disappear and go with the tawdry failure flow down the river of despair hope they never see the air.
Finally some action and protest, wish could go.
Lying bitch
Any comment on the fact that the Withdrawal Agreement allows any one of the EU-27 to blackmail the UK on individual points by threatening to keep us in the Backstop eg France -fishing / Spain - Gibraltar / Germany - financial services regulations etc etc
putting the con into Brexit
Brexit: People's Vote 'gaining traction' at Westminster #Scotland
EU set to endorse Brexit, but hard work lies ahead via
You can in brexit unicorn world
UK will stay in 'backstop' customs union unless EU get generous deal on fishing, warns Macron
Donald Tusk claims no Brexit is more likely than a no-deal Brexit via
Hey, Tess! We WANT the Brexit we voted for, not some watered down b***ocks that only Hammond, Juncker, Tusk and Olly Robbins could love! "What the British people want?" Stick it up your 'arris, lady!
UK lectern at EU chipped on corner &amp; all scratched the must chuck it in a cupboard #brexit
If Brexit happens (it won't) we will ALL be remainers. I noted against the Tory-Labour toff coalition. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
I have to laugh. An Anti-Brexit campaigner thinking setting fire to her 'deal' is 'anti-Brexit'???
May I have a word about… the #Brexit word #semiotics
Brinkmanship ahead of the next Brexit cliff-edge started already. Still, at least we are now under no illusions how this movie ends...
Liars, cheats, criminals and xenophobes: The Leaders of Brexit. #destructiveleadership Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Brexit is going on and you talk about bloody art ?
Fantastic news about the DCMS seizing documents from Facebook about Cambridge Analytica. A victory for parliamentary authority over corporate arrogance. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE #BREAKING
Delingpole: Britain‘s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Briefing by #Ireland following the special mtg on #Article50 #Brexit #Diplomacy140
Shaking my head in total utter disbelief #brexit
Why isn’t blowtorching near your own face considered idiotic?!
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
( sign-off, we are a long way off #Brexit lift off : And so we have sign off. ..
Bored of Brexit? Brussels is where it got interesting
Oh and another potential £39BILLION for the Brexit Deal. She knows how to spend money, I'll give her that #Brexit #BrexitDeal
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas If #Brexit is declared void we could presumably remain in the #EU
Wonder how many of these installments will be needed just to pay the #Brexit cost to date? #PeoplesVote
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
The consensus of expert opinion is that the UK will be less well off after Brexit. I have no reason to deny that that is probably correct other than a personal hunch (which I accept is a crap argument). It’s about who rules us not GDP.
#nosjournaal congratulations to Great Britain, #Brexit succeeded and will surely benefit the Britons. They can now watch the slow disintegration of #EU and the downfall of the #euro
Or did the brexiteers not offer any clarity because even they didn’t believe we would actually vote to make such a catastrophic decision.
EU says no. It’s no deal, no Brexit or May’s deal. You know this. Time to admit which you want.
A GE. It’s not going to be fought on a single issue, but everything this hateful government has so far presided over. While those who dare to worry about brexit, the not so fortunate, visit food banks and hear about brexit through the news it’s our duty to fight for them.
Why are #skynews hiding the damaging points of the #Brexit deal from viewers? Surely they don’t have a vested interest? Disingenuous news 24/7 #EU #LeaveEU
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
There’s some light...
this deal is not the best deal fir the UK. The best deal is REMAIN and we are fighting for it, why are you abandoning us? We will never accept Brexit we need your support not your capitulation.
The UK tech sector is deeply divided over the Brexit deal - via
By the time I finish this piece on Brexit we might even have left already
Trusted, I would not trust her no further than I could throw her and that’s not very far. Time for her to concentrate on the affairs of Scotland which are desperate
Hahaha. You do realise Brexit was merely the British corrupt elite protecting the offshore tax havens from being brought into check by the EU right? The establishment only care about squeezing the people of the UK dry; hence the 1trillion "bank bailout" robbery + austerity.
Christ she’s absolutely fucking lost it. Brexit has never been a success.
Thank you so much for the very public showing love #takeaway #food #southlondon #BlackFridayWeek
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
It's baffling that most of the Labour party say they aren't supporting the proposed deal. Their gamble must be that defeat will result in an election, or even a referendum. It's a big gamble. May's sellout deal could be the best form of Brexit Labour could ever get.
Frederick Forsyth: "Are we still the people our fathers were or have we become a cowardly, willing-servant breed? We will know by April Fool's Day."
Will you also allow us the courtesy of giving us a #peoplesvote so we too get a say in what happens next? I don’t want your unrealistic jobs first Brexit either. EU has categorically ruled it out.
As you are brainwashed by what houses the royals will rotate between, spare a thought for the homeless. #britain. #brexit #ifonlythepublicknewtheirsecrets
Seems we are hoist by our own petard , so I wonder what all the fishermen who voted for Brexit think now. Because , just with Gibraltar , she will sell them down the river.
But some is brewed in the uk... oh my god, how will that work after Brexit?? Will Belgium fall short of Stella???
Everything has changed, and changed utterly. The Labour Party will now change, utterly, as well. But they cannot be blamed for this Brexit imbroglio.
Snake? It’s the Brexit lubricant.
UK’s May pens open letter to Britons lauding Brexit deal
is very keen to get in front of the cameras on almost a daily basis at the moment - can someone remind her that when journalists ask her questions it would be fucking helpful if she attempted to answer them (FYI - you are as bad) #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Irish people are not fooled by putin's/bannon's propaganda. Simon,Leo and Helen did a great job on behalf of the people of Ireland. All Anti-EU numbnuts in Ireland should be banished to live in perpetual misery in brexit Britain. The russians or yanks won't stop EU expansion
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Then cancel #brexit --- otherwise this argument will continue for decades.
Someone understands what Brexit will do to the UK.
Let's hope the whole toxic Brexit ideology gets killed off (before the Ides of March, hopefully); just as Cameron hoped. ...Only not in the way he envisaged.
Think it's time to become masters of our own destiny and rid ourselves of the lying, hypocritical, self opinionated morons that have the nerve to be MPs. SACK PARLIAMENT, CLEAR THE SWAMP NOW!!!! #Brexit
Nicole hasn’t got the nerve and the Scottish public still don’t want it - even after the shambles of Brexit.
Thanks. I thought that the issue of Leave wrongdoing, while important, might be a distraction since the wheels of justice tend to spin quite slowly, so we may well not have a definitive answer in all the court cases for some time. Stopping Brexit is immensely pressing.
May’s focus shifts to hard sell after sealing Brexit deal via
Do people calling for #PeoplesVote not understand that article 50 is irrevocable &amp; #Brexit is inevitable?
As EU Approves Theresa May's Brexit Plan, Corbyn Denounces Deal as 'Miserable Failure' That Puts Ordinary People at Risk - via
Tim we are still contracting parties to the EEA, it is still on the table and can be activated rapidly as a Plan B
Michel Barnier hails May's deal as 'crucial and decisive'
11th hour? Far right resurgence? Can't work out if those like are scared of democracy or trying to scare because they know the cause of #Brexit is a losing cause. Churchill did not do too badly at the 11th hour in 1940 - it could be our finest hour!
This will be the war cry for the next 2 weeks with regards Scotland and #brexit. I wonder how many in Scotland MPs will fall for it, Now that "A Bad Deal is Better than No Deal"
EU leaders agree Brexit deal - BBC News via
Well go fuck yourself - 17.4m are being conned &amp; deprived of Brexit by dickheads like you. See you at the next election.
we won’t be beaten on Brexit that you had better believe we don’t care what deal you have signed we not honour it
Another brilliant scoop, Tony. How did you manage to get hold of Dominic Raab’s briefing book?
27 EU leaders approve terms of Brexit deal: Tusk
By 2020 we were told that we'd be living in cities under the sea, taking day trips to the Moon and enjoying electricity that was "too cheap to meter." Instead, we've got Donald #Trump, Theresa May, James Dyson and #Brexit. This was not the promised #Utopia of my youth.
This British person is confused by Theresa May's insight into what I feel is best for me. She has no idea who I am or what I think.#TheresaMay #Brexit
And all of that was self inflicted, I might add. Do you still see a chance of brexit not being applied? Still need approval of parliament isn't it?
May says a 2nd referendum "would be a betrayal" of the 14.1M voters who voted Leave &amp; have not changed their mind. But it's fine to impose her Brexit on 18M, or more, who want to remain in the EU. Demographics Daily Mail poll 15Nov
PM issues fresh warning to MPs after EU leaders back her Brexit deal - but with a tinge of sadness
It's a national calamity. Probably a Brexit distraction ploy
On Brexit, European Commission President Juncker says 'I'm never changing my mind' as Brexit deal drafted by Prime Minister Theresa May is "the best deal possible for Britain." Ah, you will do as I say!
Congratulations Mr. Garage and Mr. Johnson. Your engagement formed the #brexit, the best British decision, since you decided to drive on the left side. Hope you asked Mr. Biggs for help to plan your future. To all the other British people: We'll meet at the labor bureau.
#Farage did not support #Brexit. He has been running away faster than Usan Boldt, after his lies came out after the referendum. Now he is learning Russian.
#EU agrees 'best possible' #Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May | | #UK [REPORT]
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum - Corbyn you are waste of space and have no credibility. Go collect ur fat pension
and on the day of the Brexit "deal too" not remotely a coincidence
#Spain's prime minister says #UK's #Brexit deal opens door on #Gibraltar | Euronews
The foundations of that rotten house are starting to show signs of crumbling. When the Brexit shit hits the fan watch all those MP's run like punters from a police-raided whore house.
*David
I'm so cheesed off with the EU moving the fcuking goal posts all the time to circumvent the UK parliament and democracy!
The British public was lied to by clowns like Boris Johnson &amp; Nigel Farage about what voting to leave the EU would mean. The damage inflicted upon Britain by exiting will far outstrip any potential benefit. The deal she references is terrible. Britons must speak out. #brexit
Worth watching - and at last someone tells it like it really is!
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and Brexit (Reg/£)
via Brexit: People's Vote 'gaining traction' at Westminster
I do not approve of the #BREXIT plan =I did not VOTE for a #BREXIT plan for remainers &amp; a leavers plan only for to #LEAVE the EU=SOLD DOWN the RIVER by #Theresa May without a sail
Even though you are aware that EU are offering no other deal, you are still going to reject soft Brexit for political expediency. -Happy to sabotage the country’s prosperity with a Hard Brexit to score political points. Isn’t that the true definition a party unfit to hold office?
Can someone explain Labour’s Brexit position? A People’s Vote is not a priority They want a GE but admit it won’t happen They say they can get a better deal but the EU say this is the Deal They will vote down the Deal but will stop a No Deal. They will Brexit if they win a GE
The future's #Bright The future's #Brexit Now do everyone who supports #democracy a favour and f*ck off #ProjectBS
HEADLINES: Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues?
This Brexit deal is the best available via
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
I says that vote leave had been fined for breaking the law. The other , that Russian bots influenced brexit!
lol @ the pic
Brexit in name only. You won’t get away with it.
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
A second referendum is off the EU table. The EU have stated quite categorically that there will be no more negotiations on Brexit. Therefore it’s May’s poor man’s deal or a G.E.
You all really should read the detail in this. #Brexit That is all.
Labour will lose all the remain can con people once not twice.#PeoplesVote
When you have to ask Alexia"what continent the UK is in" to settle an argument. Apparently, said person thought the UK is near Europe, not in the continent. #Brexit #Brexiteers #Europe
Much as I dislike referendums, it seems to me that our only hope to unscramble this mess is the . Brexit was sold on a false prospectus; the reality needs to be tested by the electorate, given the failure of the executive.
If there's a Leave majority in a new public vote, the papers will be signed, we'll leave. Remainers will start a rejoin campaign. If it's for Remain, brexit will be dead. Leavers will start a new campaign to take us out. Don't expect any new action in Parliament for a decade.
This is NOT about Brexit now. Labour don't mention Freedom of Movement at all! The biggest lost of UK citizens rights ever!!! The male Kate Hoye Corbyn and his vile cult has made once progressive party into anti-semitic anti-immigration fascist supporting cess pit. Disgrace!
May is a walkover and not a leader. . Time to go as you are nuts to agree to this .”Brighter future” !! You Hilarious. #brexit. #nodeal Brexit #ismaili
Brexit deal explained in 12 seconds
I only want an insight into charges of maladministration against those, from PM, Cabinet and associated CS down, after this great fraud on the British people is properly investigated....
As developers Galliard +Indigo/Thorncliffe/YourShout ( ) lobbying for Brexit -Gary Conway(Galliard) even funding #BrexitTheMovie involved in Leave donations -we need to know all. Delancey? LendLease? +why Brexit when they target London's public assets &amp;*work*with LAs?
brexit is a rare example of a nation imposing sanctions on itself.
We wont be uniting around brexit whether its pushed in by May or Corbyn.
She is as barking mad a Maggie at her worst.
Three alternatives. 1. May's deal. Satisfies no-one. Does not do what is says on the tin. 2. No deal. Complete and utter crash-out disaster with long term v adverse consequences. 3. Remain. No Brexit. Simples.
The country waits for #Corbyn to do something
When she became PM she accepted the responsibility to Leave the EU. She has failed and deserves to be removed from office - forever!
the UK voted for brexit we had a vote and that is the end of that!!! no point in another vote we already had one!!! it doesn’t matter that it was all based on lies and nothing they said would happen has actually happened!!! we voted to leave and that is democracy!!!!
Spain has always been the UK’s less powerful neighbour &amp; only because of their membership of the E.U. now exercise the upper hand over the UK. Brexit has led the UK down a path of powerlessness. As Brexiters like to say, two wars fought for freedom. All gone #BrexitBetrayal
Excellent point. The only pragmatic and sensible option post 2017 election was a Grand Coalition, interim government to negotiate a consensus Brexit, that’s actually in the national interest. But none of our elected officials are grown-up enough to achieve such a reasonable thing
Well done. This would indeed be a damaging deal. It bears no resemblance to what Leave promised. People won’t be taken in twice, so no wonder lots of Leave voters are running scared of checking what people think as the Brexit chickens come home to roost.
Come March 2019, we will get a deal worse than we had already, this will lead to us crawling back to Europe asking for reinstatement.... fuck Europe and our corrupt politicians. How is any of this meaning we leave Europe. Brexit means, thanks but no thanks..... grow some balls
More in sorrow than in humour. Even Crace can't wring a laugh out of this one.
Not while I have breath in my body will I back May and/or Brexit.
I wouldn’t threaten the electorate with no Brexit that would backfire spectacularly. Unless the government delivers a proper Brexit, Corbyn will enter No.10 in 2019 &amp; surely that’s worse than no deal...
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
why are you banging on about poverty and not #PeoplesVoteNow ? Clearly Brexit will harm the most vulnerable.
#BREXIT BREAKING BREAKING BREAKING No deal could lead to lack of drinking water within days
I'm definitely a BOB.
Interesting.
Excellent point. The only pragmatic and sensible option post 2017 election was a Grand Coalition, interim government to negotiate a consensus Brexit, that’s actually in the national interest. But none of our elected officials are grown-up enough to achieve such a reasonable thing
Why did bother to appoint a brexit secretary ?, she has never let any of them get on with their jobs, then goes and screws up the whole leaving process, claiming to have negotiated a deal. She's been watching too much " Yes Minister ".
WHEN WILL THERESA MAY AND THE TORIES VANISH THEVE RUINED OUR NHS, MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES, GP SURGERIES, 999 SERVICES, EDUCATION, ONLY PAY TOP STAFF AND WEALTHY HIGH WAGES, LEAVE TAX HAVEN LOOPHOLE OPEN, PEOPLE DYING ON STREETS.ONLY WEALTHY SURVIVING. SCRAP BREXIT GE NOW STOPGREED
Well written piece. I think Brexit is an unwise idea, but I also think it has been unwise for to get thick with the Brits
Tracklisting: A1: Total Brexit A2: Dedicated to Margaret Thatcher Sadist and Mass Slayer A3: N-EU Britain B1: Brexitfun B2: Working Class Destroyer B3: Movement 2017 B4: Nanny You
No. EU guidelines April 2017: "Para 24. After the United Kingdom leaves the Union, no agreement between the EU and the United Kingdom may apply to the territory of Gibraltar without the agreement between the Kingdom of Spain and the United Kingdom." This was accepted by HMG
If there are some who never realised how they get people to vote for war, using propaganda &amp; populism, look no further than Brexit We've gone from 'easiest deal ever', 'money to NHS' &amp; 'cake &amp; eat it' - to convincing people they voted for a no deal Brexit catastrophe Dangerous!
Theresa May's Brexit letter, after it was fed through auto-correct. (Click the link for the full thing.) #BrexitDeal #PeoplesVoteNow
Amber Rudd is one of them lol same excuse as Mcvey, the pair not up for the job so cop-out! 'Gang of five’ cabinet ministers prepared to quit if PM pursues No Deal Brexit
REVEALED: EU top secret plans to EXTEND Article 50 fearing MPs will KILL May's Brexit deal Somehow, I get the impression they're terrified of losing their cash-cow! #Brexit
I bet they all show EEA is the best option
BBCNEWS 11:07am EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. EU leaders endorse UK Brexit deal at summit ', I
What is great about this quote from world-class warmonger Tony Blair is that he is happy to imply the Scots, Irish, and Welsh should be used to being ruled, whether by the EU or an unfettered Westminster.
Keir Starmer is in charge of Labour's brexit policy and progress, very intelligent man, have a look what he says.
To right, hundreds of thousands of us follow June Slater on Face Book and email and phone these hopeless MP's daily en masse, believe me they know what will happen if they try to sell out our country! get off your knees Britons and take action for your kid's future.
"The withdrawal agreement provides for an orderly #Brexit &amp; protects citizens' rights &amp; freedoms": #Diplomacy140
Well, didn’t take them long did it? REVEALED: EU top secret plans to EXTEND Article 50 fearing MPs will KILL May's Brexit deal
Totally appreciate people’s efforts in trying to stop this Brexit mess but actions like this are naive at best.
BREAKING - REVEALED: Secret Brexit 'Plan B' options drawn up by EU and T... via
What a fraud !!!
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
has he lost his mind? there is no time for a renegotiation by the party in the opposition!
I wonder if anyone is researching the health damage of maintaining a high level of anger due to BREXIT is...
Good. Keeps it simple #WTOBrexit
EU Says U.K. Won't Get Better #Brexit Deal if Parliament Votes No
BREXIT
This means we leave the EU - no? And Brexit means Brexit so this is Brexit isn’t it?
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
Deal done: Key points in the #EU-UK #Brexit agreement - ABC News
#Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
No Deal It Is then! #Brexit #BringItOn #FBPE
So Jezza, what is your ‘plan’ for Brexit? A nice cup of tea and a piece of cake? #WorzelGummidge
Turns out being in a union with neighbour 10 times our size is economically damaging and politically reckless #brexit
Codswallop has just had to withdraw more allegations against Brexit supporters.
If I realise someone has told one lie regarding an issue I give zero credibility to anything else I'm told
2019 should be fun for Europe: Anti-EU parties on the rise, all change at the ECB, a new unknown in Germany. And first comes Brexit. casts a knowing eye:
what has been their sole mantra? Mine has been end Brexit altogether. Inside we co-write the laws, we negotiate from a position of strength, we have extensive freedoms and greater influence on the world and 27 other nations. Outside is a void and between is May's purgatory.
#BrexitDeal seems to be finalized. #Brexit
So while the UK is paralysed by Brexit and the US have Trump to deal with, Russia can.. kinda do whatever it wants?
Sums up the feelings of most ordinary people that will be affected by Brexit
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
No the British public DON'T want Brexit and are disappointed with you.
E.U. leaders approve Brexit plan, setting up vote in British Parliament, where it faces stiff opposition
Current deal provisional Brexit themed fifty pence mint.
Indeed. At least in the block we had a vote and a veto. And WTO is not a given
Bored of seeing the words "LEAVE MEANS LEAVE" I understand people voted to Leave and that Leave ultimately won but why should we be accepting a bad deal or no deal just because "LEAVE MEANS LEAVE"? We need more information about this 'deal' so we know what to expect! #Brexit
Doubtful that no 10 will respond to this devastating exposure of their simple untruths. Why would they?
Brexit: Theresa May's 'letter to the nation' in full.
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues?:
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues?:
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
Mehn Theresa May is definitely one of the toughest person alive. #TheresaMay #ToughSkinned #Brexit #Article50
Boris: Backstop "Makes A Complete Nonsense of Brexit" -
Absolute rubbish, you voted Leave, not for a particular type of Leave, qu was Leave or Remain, more Brexit lies
Besides, the choice is between a little division now and almost certain division and unrest once Brexit really starts to do damage.
I take it you have read the deal, because if you have you will see that it isn't Brexit we are not leaving, but you and other remainers have your self to thank for it, congratulations, you win enjoy what comes next.
Brexit has been agreed.
Woah dude you were wholly responsible for Brexit as well. Nice one.
In a few years time this will be the #EuArmy supressing "#Populists" And the #FBPE cult members will be patting themselves on the back. #EU #EUSSR #EuropeanUnion #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit #FascistEU #UnitedStatesOfEurope
#Brexit is past floating fantasy negotiating positions.
BRITAIN'S Chancellor of The Exchequer Philip Hammond 'to lead Cabinet exodus' if Theresa May goes for no-deal Brexit via
I wouldn’t trust Blair an inch.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
May forms unholy alliance with Brussels to destroy rebels plotting against #Brexit deal
Nobody should stop Brexit, we need to carry out #thewillofthepeople
#Allinthesameboat read about us !!!
What a load of shit!!
It’s in the Brexit deal: 20XX.
this is what needs! An emergency meeting and #brexit direction given by labour members, not ! #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
It respects the #Brexit result in no way shape or form. It’s remain with less benefits than staying in the eu. And project fear will only make your lies worse I will never vot conservative again #Liars #BrexitBetrayal
's so-called #Brexit solution is her version of Marmite. An acquired taste few like.
Brexit, Trump in the White House, gooners complaining about “diving” #stoptheworldiwanttogetoff
She lies Laura.
You're welcome to join the debate. Let's here your political points of view Krishnan. Why hide under your journalism hat?
#Labour plays waiting game over second #Brexit referendum #PeoplesVoteNow
I think we all know #Brexit is trash, Tone.
Another nail in the coffin for Brexit
Fair play to Theresa May with her #brexit plan she’s really united the country, instead of 17 million peed off with what she’s doing, she’s gone and managed to pee off 35 million as it’s neither an exit or a remain but a perpetual unrecoverable state of nothingness she’s gone for
The data would support that. It would be interesting to do something similar with Conservative members during their leadership contest as I suspect many would prioritize Brexit issues over winning in 2022.
What The Latest Revelations About The DUP and Vote Leave Mean #brexit #uk
BBC News - Brexit: Boris Johnson says UK must 'junk the backstop'
And that just the way they want us to think, anything rather than torpedo the EU which is what true Brexit is likely to do. Bring it on
BBC Scotland reporter claims fishing access not part of any Brexit agreement, despite official document text indicating otherwise
Protects us from the economic damage to a degree, remember every leading light of Brexit in Cabinet knows the scale of the damage of doing otherwise and so backed the deal at least privately, make your own judgement what they do publicly
It’s going to be no Brexit. The deal won’t pass and neither will no deal.
you pompous cock! The sooner we leave the better.
She can say 'In the national interest' ad infinitum, it won't make it true &amp; she won't convince the public, parliament or herself. #Brexit #BrexitSummit #PeoplesVote
finally, a UK politician we can believe in
EUs roposed Withdrawal Agreement. It’s worse than first thought. For anyone following this conversation between No 10 and Martin Howe QC, new response to No10’s “rebuttal” #brexit
They are elected as the largest &amp; majority party in NI - theyhave always maintained a clear brexit stance &amp; won't go back on it unlike some ... no sea border.
The latest The Europa 3.0 Daily! Thanks to #brexit #article50
Many of us who voted to remain in the EU have never known anything other than the common European project, and our lives have been infinitely better for it. No political decision has ever made me so sad.
Out with a whimper, not a bang. Ta ta UK.
So why should we traits her? more than just spin, mendacious.
..... and, my Son, this was how it all started. While British politicians were obsessing about Brexit the opening salvos of WW3 were fired.
The vote was clear: Leave. That means leave everything. There were no caveats or exceptions, no negotiations - just Leave. One word. Completely clear and unambiguous.
EU27 release "Declaration regarding the Withdrawal Agreement and the Political Declaration" outlining negotiating priorities for post #Brexit trade agreement with UK
Yep all of it requires others, Labour can't stop brexit, let alone Corbyn.
Don't worry. We're not going anywhere. We are all remainers now. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
The JBS Bus Stud &amp; Econ Daily is out! #brexit #marr
Because you are led by a Marxist whose crazy economic fantasy is contingent upon a hard brexit
The tidal wave of Brexit will be bigger and more destructive if Scotland does not become independent so Scottish independence is now the priority for Scotland.
Tories, all wind
BBCNEWS 11:08am EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. May: Confident we have achieved 'best deal possible; I EU AGREES BHEXIT DEAL. Jean-Claude...
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
I’m as remainy as they come, but suggesting Brexit sells out Gibraltar simply doesn’t wash. Hear it from the horse’s mouth. (No relation, by the way).
May forms unholy alliance with Brussels to destroy rebels plotting against Brexit deal
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron #Brexit
imagine signing a contract for a job where they tell u ur going to earn £70k a year then afterwards they turn around nd say aw actually sorry that was a lie we’re only going to pay u £5k a year but u signed the contract so :////// brexit
This is not Brexit. It is surrender. Shame on you.
This:
The #Brexiteers like the #us rather than than #eu
Get rid of her for god sake, I really think she’s got a problem.
Yup gastarbeiter and a profitably low wage/low rights domestic workforce. The only options are to stay and build socialist alliances in Europe to change the EU or leave with no deal.
Exactly - it does the exact opposite.
She doesn't expect people to believe her now. She intends to shove her idea of Brexit down our throats whether we like or not.
You guys are hilarious ! #brexit
A Trump like media assault, lies, nonsense &amp; all, to rally the troops with the help of a totally compliant, not to say collusive MSM. If it succeeds, which I fear it may, history will judge harshly the part played by this country's media in featherbedding this Brexit travesty.
Exactly this...
Evening Headlines &gt; Syria Rebels Gas Attack &gt; China Pakistan Unease &gt; Brexit And The Church Read All About It All Free All The Time #HackneyBooks #Syria #PakistanChina #Brexit #HackneyBooksNews
"This is a sad day for the European Union, but I want to say, for Britain too. The future will prove this." The words of Jean-Claude Juncker this morning. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #WithdrawalAgreement #Brussels #EU #PoliticalDeclaration
All this to end the free movement of people and to celebrate it as a great achievement of #Brexit is incredibly sad.
Id rather attempt an auto laparoscopic cholecystectomy thanks Claire. Scotland thinks this plan, brexit &amp; the tory party in general is a catastrophic omnishambolic clusterfuck. Mainly.
#Brexit boring? Brussels is where it got interesting
#Brexit boring? Brussels is where it got interesting
Vic no deal=WTO=Real Brexit
Because we have a mainstream press that is funded by right-wing oligarchs, who benefit financially from Brexit, and unfortunately the majority of people who voted for Brrixt will be worse because of it, but aren't willing or able to see it.
Newsflash : brexit is not happening the majority of us have been badly let down... Democracy is dead #BrexitDeal
Make sure you’re listening......
Did you hear that, Labour?
Brexit:- 1) Nobody likes May’s deal 2) Labour pretend they could have got a better one. It’s not convincing 3) A hard Brexit will cost a huge number of jobs so won’t get parliamentary support. So what is a credible option apart from remain?
Your deal won't pass. Are you going to legislate to stop Brexit?
When you can clearly burn that document's ideas and propositions with your words and arguments. Why set fire to it? Even from a symbolic standpoint - that is how a Nazi would express his disgust at ideas. Let the Hard BREXIT fools illustrate their ignorence. Not you.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal a greater threat than Jeremy Corbyn, says DUP leader Arlene Foster
UK - Philip Hammond 'will quit the Cabinet and take five ministers with him if Theresa May tries for a No Deal Brexit' via
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn #Brexit
“No.10 seeks to take advantage of the legal complexities to misrepresent the legal effects of the agreement...” Martin Howe QC rebuts No.10’s rebuttals, to his rebuttals... yes this is really happening. #StandUp4Brexit #VoteItDown
"No10 seeks to take advantage of the legal complexities to misrepresent the legal effects of the agreement on the first critical point [of Howe's first article criticising on the WA]".
. blames Irish Govt for her loss of a seat . Blame instead of doing more by engagement with Westminster or Stormont on #brexit. Like it or not NI is in UK which now becomes more partitioned than ever. Irish govt persistence ensured backstop and CTA
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
Good idea
Why is Theresa May trying to convince us all to support her Brexit deal when she has no intention of putting it to a people's vote? #Brexit
please sign stop NUTTER Mays brexit
Just watching Britain’s biggest ships, who owns this vessel now that May has joined the Eu army, what do we own ? Our taxes are being siphoned off ,n h s being overstretched, benefits handed to people who have not paid into it? DisMAY!,,,,,
Who you vote for does not matter , the fact you dont know what you are talking about does. Scots gov had alternative brexit plan.
Gave the Brexit stuff a miss today to do this...back to Brexit tomorrow
USA wants the right to call their #Whiskey #Scotch Think Westminster won't agree? They already refused to protect Scotland's #PGI in the Canada-EU-Japan trade deal. What might they do to the trademark? We must #keepScotlandtheBrand!
I trust you will read this very carefully before casting your vote. All well and good to show loyalty to the PM but loyalty to your country is paramount. Either leave or remain but NOT THIS.
New : A response to Theresa May's open letter on the Brexit deal by
On this big #Brexit Sunday, there was something missing from #Marr and #Ridge...the Brexit secretary!
BARNIER ISSUES A WARNING!! HITLER DID THAT ONCE. BREXIT THREAT: Barnier issues warning to UK to ‘take responsibilities' and back Brexit
Putin's stooge corbyn did nothing to stop brexit
Go sit on Drunker, then go sit on it again.
If you support Brexit, you are part of the far right resurgence - Labour or no.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Reality Check: The SNP and Brexit
you are aware that brexiters are not approving this deal right? Insted complaining, you should male sure that you gonna get good brexit not just become lower class EU member.
LIVE: Rejecting Brexit deal will 'open door to division'
Let’s put a climate scientist on a foreign policy show and have them analyze world affairs. Brexit bad. TRump bad. Putin bad. Canada and France good. China bad. Doh.
The country will have a long wait.....#Corbyn
That’s the problem, the legally binding backstop agreement doesn’t have an end date, it can be extended, but only exited if the EU agree to let us! Why give an FTA on good terms once they’ve got our money without any voting rights!
I wonder where they got the idea?
The Gibraltarians remember isolation and knew what Brexit risked - and they voted 96% to remain. Now the prime minister is selling them down the river, all in pursuit of ending freedom of movement. Shameful.
YEAH, DEMOCRACY ENDED WITH THE BREXIT VOTE AND UNLIKE OTHER COUNTRIES THE UK VOTERS WILL JUST SIT BACK AND ACCEPT BEING SOLD OUT TO GLOBALIST CABAL BY THE TRAITOR WE NEED TO STOP THIS AND TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK, SHUT OUR PORTS ANDTHE CAPITAL, TAKE IT TO THEIR HOMES
May has managed to anger Leave and Remain supporters alike, while pleasing no one.
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
In what way is Mrs May's 'deal' better than the deal we currently have as a member of the EU? And if it's not better, why are we doing it? There are 3 options and Remain/No Brexit is the least damaging of them all
They are already showing their hands
HERE ARE SOME TOP ANTHEMS! SUPER NICE FOR BEING IN THE CAR WITH THE CHAPS HEADING TO SPOONS. #anthems #brexit #lads
Too many MPs are being absurdly hysterical. Brexit fired the starting pistol for the hard right in this country and if anyone thinks the answer to that is to just do what the hard right want then they should have a bit of a look at what happened in Germany in the 1930s
Those 27 "leaders" are irrelevant. Brexit is the will of 17. 4 million British people. We are done with letting foreigners run our country.
I have yet to hear a #Brexit voter articulate what a great UK trade deal would look like or what’s wrong with the Trade deals the EU negotiates for us till now I’m convinced that what comes up with isn’t worth the paper it’s written on The man’s clearly out of his depth
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is ‘the best possible deal’
The insanity of an anti-immigrant Brexit: when I was pregnant with 3yo, we spent a lot of time in prenatal units. Personal experience, I know, but I hardly heard an English accent when I was there. The UK birth rate is dropping fast, as it is in much of the West. 1/2...
Remaining under the jurisdiction of the ECJ does not deliver Brexit. Brexit means we re-establish control of our decisions for our Westminster representatives, and that doesn't mean allowing them to delegate them to an alien and largely hostile power that wants absolute control .
I voted to leave but none of it will make a blind difference to me or the average person or family's. It's why we support Lewis Hamilton because he came from an ordinary background. Brexit potentially affects rich people with companies. .we are just cannon fodder. Hence ww1 ww2
Hi your fellow MP thinks that gauging constituents' opinions via a public meeting is a good idea. If you are not going to hold one yourself it would be good to hear your latest thoughts on the withdrawal agreement in some other way.
Delingpole: Britain’s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
Something spiteful and unpleasant I'd say.
Sorry, we’re too busy with Brexit, well that was the point, wasn’t it?
I bet Theresa can't wait. She's been trying to push him for at least a year.
Highlights: EU leaders' comments at special Brexit summit
Bloody Corbyn. Wins a General Election. Calls a Referendum. Spends 2.5 years negotiating with the EU and...
PM issues fresh warning to MPs after EU leaders back her Brexit deal – but with a tinge of sadness – ITV News
She hasnt got a heart or soul. Nor compassion, a sense of humility or responsibility. If she had she'd be contrite about the whole Brexit mess and the UN report.
Historic Brexit summit: 10 key questions
Your first statement is ignorant beyond belief, even if there is some truth in your second
When all is said &amp; done what HMG is offering on Brexit is an 18th century solution to a 21st century world! Anyone with an idiom of common sence would agree that remaining in EU is vastly superior to anything put on the table to replace it. Only answer is a Peoples Vote!
If May’s deal falls, MPs will be faced with a choice between no deal and no Brexit. ‘When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully.’
They are ruined. They have waited to long.
The latest Today's iEDWINnl paper! Thanks to #brexit #marketing
'Lil Marko's in trouble again. Facebook if you can help find Jared &amp; Ivanka's missing emails "I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Let’s see if that happens. That will be next.” #Brexit #TrumpRussia #SundayThoughts #SundayMorning
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
An interesting counterpoint to Trump’s “America First“ mantra is to look at the UK experience with its “Britain First“ rationale behind Brexit. Never before has such a self-inflicted mistake been more apparent. In today’s world, countries need allies.
BBCNEWS 11:09am EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Theresa May says Brexit deal is right for British people' I EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. EU leaders...
Educate yourself. Understanding what WTO terms mean in a no deal Brexit, and learning to ignore the scaremongers.
See this, not just on the corrupt Brexit Leave campaign but also the use of anti-semitic smears against the Left #ToriesOut #StopBrexit #JC4PM #Facebook #Zuckerberg #BrexitChaos #Brexshit
Sombre EU bids farewell and signs off Brexit deal
None of the things Labour has in their manifesto can be implemented in a recession which is what will happen if this brexit or any similar kind of brexit is allowed to proceed
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues?
Yeah ,yeah...
I'll be more furious if they bloody well abstain!
Is “wto brexit” also “transparent and deliberate”, Rog?
If it means #Brexit then yes absolutely #NoDeal is just fine
Bluey doesn't care, because brexit means brexit and you lost get over it! Bluey is very happy gammon now because we've got a brexit in the form of Mrs May's deal! Well done Bluey.
Really!! I take it you have read the deal, because if you have you will see that it isn't Brexit we are not leaving, but you and other remainers have your self to thank for it, congratulations, you win enjoy what comes next.
In one statement President Macron ensures that his, and 26 other journeys to Brussels today were entirely wasted, as there is no chance in hell the deal will be voted through parliament with these undertones.
Whilst we all run around crying about brexit Russia seem to be starting war but dw there's gonna be no hard border in Ireland and NI
So sorry I wasn’t able to reply to your tweet in German . I have been thinking I should learn it - a reaction to Brexit maybe but I’m not a natural at languages.
Blimey.. makes a change from Brexit!
Is this what happens after brexit #DoctorWho
You've betrayed us all.If you'd opposed the corrupt ref you would by now be riding crest of a wave into no.10 with prospect of at least 10 years of labour government.Instead, you supported brexit so no money for your plans even if you do win GE.Totally disillusioned party members
Brexit EU summit LIVE: EU leaders issue ultimatum to MPs — back May’s deal or get nothing
'Division and uncertainty' if May's deal goes through Healing and certainty if #Brexit is stopped
In what way is this a benefit of Brexit? I have my own well but wouldn't like to drink the water. Yes, I could boil it but WHY? What the hell will we gain from Brexit? It isn't supposed to be a TV reality survival show, it's supposed to make lives better. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
What are the odds on winning a #GE if maintains a pro #Brexit stance? Can he change his position ? Will he change his position? #StopBrexit
If no deal hastens the end of the Union, then bring it on. The sooner the better. Have you packed your case yet, cos you are one of the few who will not be welcome in the free, independent Republic of Scotland.
No she hasn't. She's agreed a withdrawal process that ties us even more closely to the EU. BREXIT is still unreliable promises. should now deliver WTO BREXIT or resign.
Never ever thought I would support independence, but the shambles that is brexit and the total ineffectiveness of the Labour Party ( incl. Scottish Labour leave me with no other option.
#Brexit. It's looking like the country will be holding another referendum: Three options A No Deal, B TM Deal C Remain. Pick one.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Yer joking right? The EU couldn't respond to an attack of mosquitoes w/out us having to buy the repellent, deliver it and apply it.
'Bollocks to #Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn: Crowdfunded yellow bus will… #Brexit #ClickBait
Hi Trizzy. How does a GE solve this Brexit mess?
The Guardian view on May’s #Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial: Getting… #Brexit #ClickBait
When will 'you' for this Brexit deal this week ?
Proud of yourselves? #strongandstable
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
'The USA came to its leading position in #science and #technology in part because talented immigrants could thrive here', says William Kerr , but hostile political rhetoric will scare global talent. Sadly, the UK will follow suit with its #Brexit &amp; #immigration rules.
hi my MP: I think a brexit deal is better than no deal (I voted remain like most of Lambeth) please don’t vote this down in the hope of something better
You do realise that even if this was true....which it’s not....You can just boil the water you want to use for drinking until it was sorted....Or are you claiming we’ll not have the ability to boil water post Brexit as well....?
Theresa May’s ‘heart and soul’ letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit
Yes. I am . A very sad day.
Now that I've listened to the latest excellent APL episode, I realized I tweeted my question to the wrong place. Here it is:
*detailed* overview by 10-minute read. Total clarity. "At best, many of the assurances given to MPs on the future relationship..are based on hopes and aspirations that appear to be actively UNDERMINED by the terms of the Withdrawal Agreement"
The best deal was NO Brexit. We stamped our precious feet&amp;kicked ourselves out. Remember that. The EU did NOT kick us out. WE did that with a fake Ref. It was NOT the "democratic" will of the British ppl. It was the will of criminal, lying charlatans who conned the gullible.
‘No credible alternative’ to #Brexit deal on offer, says Scottish Secretary
So if Remain had won, you would have negotiated a deal that suited the Leave voters? No, resign and let someone negotiate with the Eurobullies who negotiates and doesnt concede every single thing we had
Theresa May deposed. Urinate MP’s or get off the pot . Let us have a no confidence vote #brexit no deal #ismaili
I'm hearing very troubling language coming out of MPs saying it's either take the deal or its no #Brexit at all. I should remind them that they're literally talking about throwing this nations democracy into the fire to burn to ashes. It's deal or no deal. Not no brexit.
Outstanding, the awareness of a post. She tweets this quote from the Guardian.
"We will work with others to block a no deal outcome" So... does he somehow expect to get another round of negotiations despite the Brexit deadline? The sensible thing would be to have another referendum to stop brexit, but my sense is there isn't the appetite for one
Dear , your "loyalty" to the government in the event of a hypothetical no confidence vote is misplaced. Until you join with the other sensible members of the HoC in a bloc to defeat this crazy #Brexit proposal, the lunatics may win the day.
And the Brass Neck of the Year Award goes to David Mundell for he and his colleagues’ generation-ruining screw ups and still managing to get in an SNP bad. Oh, and for not resigning for multiple breaches of his red lines on Brexit.
I left being part of anyone connected to Brexit British People quite some time ago. Including a few who are part of the Corbyn clan. I suppose a People's Vote is our only hope now though I'm unconvinced enough will swing.
The latest The David Augscheller Daily! Thanks to #brexit #leadership
My prediction is that if and don’t back this deal and force a GE, both parties will be obliterated at the polls. is the only viable politician to lead #Brexit That’s coming from a Labour voter. This is the best deal possible for ALL sides.
This #Brexit deal stinks. Leave or Remain, no one voted or benefits from this ‘so called’ compromise. It is better to be ‘in’ and have a say rather than this ‘half in half out’ where we still have to ‘do as we’re told’! #Reject #ProtectTheUnion #PeoplesVote
There's literally nothing they won't blame Corbyn for. An internal Tory war led to Brexit, not Jeremy. But let's face it, these people are more interested in personal tax dodges than they are in a country governed for the many. If anyone outside the Tories is to blame, they are.
I think many of them use the # simply to oppose Corbyn and cpouldn't really care less about Brexit. I used to carry the # until I realised they never criticise May or Tory policies and spent months screaming about AS in the LP.
To our British colleagues: good luck and Godspeed. Will be fascinating to watch the bloodletting at Parliament. Now, what does this mean for US #fdi? To be continued... #Brexit BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
I take it you have read the deal, because if you have you will see that it isn't Brexit we are not leaving, but you and other remainers have your self to thank for it, congratulations, you win enjoy what comes next.
#Uk shdn't agree #EU's bad deal, stitched us up,will do so again.We shdn't fall 4 trap deal.They can discuss trade now/risk #NoDeal #Brexit
Apologies if today is not a climate change day, but a Brexit one, but what is happening these days will have great repercussions for many years to come.
The ground staff do a great job and we are nearly into December, hope we have a soft winter and it's nothing to do with Brexit.
Your personal hatred for Corbyn simply clouds your judgement. The referendum was in the Tory manifesto. It has nothing to do with Labour and never has. Blaming Corbyn for it is clearly absurd and shows that it is not about Brexit for you but fear of socialism.
Brexit is about one thing and one thing only; securing offshore tax havens for the royals and other elites. The EU are to legislate against them. Everything else is smoke screen and straight up lies. Everyone knows, nobody cares.
This is why we voted brexit
It ends with hard Brexit on 29 March 2019 or 31st December 2020. Take your pick !!
No it isn't and no she hasn't. She's agreed a withdrawal process that ties us even more closely to the EU. BREXIT is still unreliable promises. should now deliver WTO BREXIT or resign.
#TheresaMay looks ever More likely to be taking #UK towards #Brexit no-deal, says Macer Hall
This could escalate quickly. Would America do more ? May on britain is all out of political capital to start a new military action in Ukraine due to brexit
If all the EU leaders are as sad as they claim to be about #Brexit, why the hell didn't they give David Cameron something substantive to take back to the British people? He humiliated himself and us trying to get some flexibility, and got nothing, nichts, rien. #whatashambles
this isn’t Brexit . It’s a complete capitulation to the EU masters. What happend to democracy??
I’ve got news for you, the people don’t want Brexit anymore.
Amazing. Carole Cadwalladr is thorough and indefatigable. Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Brexit is killing the great British curry house - with one closing pretty much every day this year somewhere in the country
Soft Brexit = no need for extra state planning
Like the dudes involved with Loads of talk and no action. #Brexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
She should have gone months ago. I only hope at some point we can claw back a proper Brexit along with some dignity
You'll die if you Brexit people
Liked on YouTube: Spain's prime minister says UK's Brexit deal opens door on Gibraltar
If you’re a Mathematician in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
I mean just look at what the EU did to Greece (&amp; why they didn't in Italy &amp; Spain) for instance. I was all fgor Grexit and for am for Brexit - provided Corbyn gets to throttle that bunch of buccaneers that is London's financial sector.
Brexiteers, Brexit won't mean 'we get our country back' because we will still be governed by a Tory government who will only ever govern for the rich. Only thing is you'll have no freedom of movement to leave because you gave up that right.
This hits the Brexit nail firmly on its rusty head.
Listening to #TonyBlair interview - articulate, intelligent, he speaks more sense on the issue of Brexit than any other politician. Really brings sharply into focus how utterly woeful #JeremyCorbyn is as Labour ‘leader’.
Quite simple - we leave in full with a brexit PM chosen by incumbent governing party. Once Leave date passes - early GE with only staying out on manifesto. That gov takes us forward.,then rejoin can campaign in earnest for all i care - mandate fulfilled.
I disagree. Voting it down is the only way to No Brexit. Which is the best deal.
My Official View on Brexit: 1/5 My official view regarding the exit of Britain from European Union: The Brexit phenomenon has been viewed in various unique ways by different countries of the world depending on their economic, social, political, military and other perspectives.
Awww baby, are you putting an ass into assumption? Classic.... jaysus, Brexit...make it happen already.
The latest #LeedsHour #Bradford Fireplace Daily News! #itrtg #brexit
The truth about Brexit is that no one is telling the truth. Is it: UKIP analysis? making this a campaign promise by Conservatives? alternative by Labour? All have a common denominator: lies. Now look at the chaos, uncertainty and effect on the UK. Sorry Theresa to be tasked on it
Brexit...
Brexit is an evil. Do everything you can to stop it.
You’ve got that right. In the US Trump is destroying the GOP as he, as per Bannon (&amp;Lenin) destroys democracy. In the UK the destroyer is Brexit and the destroyed will be the Tory party. Somehow I think the UK, and democracy will get through this mess.
why were you linking brexit to austerity ???
Blow the bloody doors off
Scottish independence is the same as Brexit. I didn’t vote for either because there’s no MPs capable of figuring out how to deliver it or selfless enough not to put their own career or agenda first
We'd better remain ...
A rejection of Theresa May’s Brexit deal threatens “chaos or more division”, according to David Mundell.
“Save Our Brexit”: In Letter To UK, Theresa May Asks People To Back Her
A critical step for the UK. Emotions running high and time is running out.
When they put £350 million a week for the NHS on the side of a bus they never said it was the asking price.
Get signing and let’s all put an end to Brexit! Petition: STOP BREXIT
BREXIT teaches the lesson? Hopeless!!!
What is doing right now? Knowing full well her deal will be defeated in the Commons, she is running down the clock. Time that our country can't afford to waste is being squandered by this blinkard stubborn inability to grasp reality. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
I tweeted this earlier but I doubt anything will come of it. If you don't act (like those cowards who haven't submitted their letter to the Committee) nothing happens.
Passed a queue of people yesterday waiting to get a personalised jar of Nutella. #Brexit
Well, that went well – country responds to DeadWomanWalking’s begging letter
*detailed* overview by 10-minute read. Total clarity. "At best, many of the assurances given to MPs on the future relationship..are based on hopes and aspirations that appear to be actively UNDERMINED by the terms of the Withdrawal Agreement"
Please suggest news sites for best links. BBC is not balanced. Nor France 24. Nor CNN. Read Westmonster, but that is all Brexit. Try to read both views.
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her #Brexit dreams
It was the time on Hugh's tweet that made me suspect Brexit fatigue had set in and football curiosity had taken over!
with another FAKE Brexit poll
Good luck for all our friends in UK #Brexit
doesn’t even matter if you voted to leave or remain at this point, the brexit deal is horrendous and we need to stand against it
The idea that one could find error in Martin Howe'QC's analysis is farcical. This shows just how dishonest this PM and her advisers are.
Yes, always suspicious of an engineered language shift. "Independent coastal state" indeed! What's the angle though, the spin? Not sure...
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
Couldn't agree more. The lack of understanding of political power was breathtaking. Perhaps the one positive of the Brexit shitstorm is we may end up with a decent debate about the value of a vote.
#brexit agreement made on stir-up Sunday. Coincidence? #thearchers
#FBPE: Follow this hashtag to support those who argue #Brexit was part of a right-wing movement, and the many who now realize it was a mistake for Britain. Support the #EU.
Yes we know that. But what part of ’s policy will make any difference? No #Brexit deal will Leave us better off or more secure, so what will do about it?
Brexit means brexit.
It’s time let us know what side of history he’s on this time
This is NOT about Brexit now. Labour don't mention Freedom of Movement at all! The biggest lost of UK citizens rights ever!!! The male Kate Hoye Corbyn and his Brexit cult has made once progressive party into anti-semitic anti-immigration fascist supporting cess pit Disgrace!
You have a hard #Brexit policy leading to a no deal
Medieval traffic jam, soon to be re-enacted with the post-Brexit lorry jam. #thearchers
Nor are Leavers. #WTOBrexit
"Putting an end to free movement once and for all" - once and for all (now and for the last time; finally) #brexit #chilling #AlreadyNotFine #inlimbo #PeoplesVoteNow #NoBrexitatall
a message to all #brexiteers crying at the #brexit deal - you got what you wanted, #OwnIt
In case you hadn’t noticed the far right are already resurgent. Brexit will only strengthen them
Rather than listen to an asshole kid who is a George Soros funded sock puppet, here is Tony Benn from 1975. Tony Benn's comments are still relevant today. Brexit is the default setting for anyone wanting to preserve their democratic rights.
100% right, both within her party and between parties. This is why her own Brexit minister were caught unaware when Chequers and withdraw agreement were produced
May‘s Betrayal Agreement Signed: Britain on the Road to Brexit in Name Only via
You keep being told that as it’s what happened young people are predominantly anti-brexit.
It is clear is choosing to ignore what is abundantly clear over #Brexit - she is not acting in the national interest. I hope she gets back what she's made so difficult for so many. We need a #PeoplesVoteNow
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
Nonsense. You went viral on his turf last week. Can i be your agent? Check out ’s Tweet:
To the point as always, A majority will not emerge simply by changing something in the WA. Normally it is something a Prime Minister ensures before starting negotiations.
He can piss off
Caroline, I really appreciate your efforts to ensure we get the #Brexit we voted for, but please, stop using emotive language like "far-right". I'm an ordinary, hard-working, middle aged guy who just wants to leave an undemocratic political union. Nothing more, nothing less
OMFG. You have actually lost the plot. You seem to be confusing Tory (&amp; EU) austerity policies with brexit, which hasn't even happened or had any significant effect (apart from the usual divide &amp; conquer one). BBC has been relentless on brexit Armageddon narrative from start.
It should be called the #MayOrMayNotDeal - Freedom of Movement, Fishing Rights, Irish Border, ECJ veto, EU veto. #Brexit ? Maybe - Maybe Not
Nicola Sturgeon did put forwards a practical alternative, Theresa May ignored it, then refused to allow the Scottish Government any input whatsoever in the Brexit debate. Seems like this deal was what TM and GovUK wanted all along. Scotland and Wales are being completely ignored.
Should that not be a letter to the "nations" rather than just one nation? The use of the singular betrays the mindset and that mindset is what has brought the "nations" to the Brexit hellhole in which they find themselves.
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
#Breaking The 27 European Union leaders have endorsed the Brexit deal, European Council president Donald Tusk says
Enjoy Brexit xD
And let's face it - if Brexit was that amazing, we all got our £350m a week back and went home for tea and medals, then a #PeoplesVote would give Brexiteers what they want. Alas for them Brexit isn't turning out to what they thought it was.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Well yes, I was pondering whether BREXIT was a price worth paying to completely destroy the Conservative Party. Not sure tbh.
Still needs a vote in both parliaments.
#Brexit This is neither the best deal nor the only deal. It's a sell out of the British people. Don't accept it.
NEW : A response to Theresa May’s open letter on the Brexit deal by
Britain has been caught between a rock and a hard place when it comes to Gibraltar and Brexit
You cannot and should never be held hostage by the far right. Stand up to them, do the right thing. This referendum was bought, do not enable them.
Whilst I'm just as bored / completely fixated with Brexit as most, May as an "adult in a world of children" does resonate with me. Complete balls-up though it is to be here, let her now get on with it. No deal is not an option.
What an embarrassment this PM is as she wobbles and wades through appeasing all those repugnant ghastly EU leader's who have the same contempt for her opaque wording of her UNFIT FOR PURPOSE BREXIT calamity deal.
Given today's #brexit agreement by May I could not resist buying this wine to reflect my view on this dumb escapade
Leo Varadkar blasts Brexiteers for FANTASY Brexit plan ‘plan B is ONLY in their minds!’
An the key is the minister for the C18th.
‘The UK government is clear..’ is something we hear a lot. Online, in policy, speeches, even in the debates in the houses of commons. Who advises them to keep saying this when they literally couldn’t be less clear on most things, especially when it comes to #Brexit
Really Britain. Put on some yellow jackets and say enough. #brexit #fucktheeu
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Corbyn is terrified of the responsibilities of government. His strategy is for Labour to remain in opposition. His strategy will work and Labour will be in opposition for a generation. Unless the membership and MPs take action. Over to you! Pls retweet!!
Grassroots groups come together to urge the EU to keep door open for “No Brexit”
Spanish PM claims Brexit could mean split sovereignty of Gibraltar via
Just oppose Brexit you absolute knob. Enough fucking bullshit and pandering to racists. Stick with this shit and you’ll deserve to lose, which you will, and we will all suffer. Grow a brain.
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
May’s #Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
The state of this clown
Will the Brexit deal be approved by the UK? The GH Post » World Category Feed
Saint Teresa is so committed to delivering Brexit, because it's the "will of the people" she's prepared to sell large chunks of the population down the river. Why? What, exactly, is really going down here?
. Do you have plan for your constituents that are disappointed in the Brexit 'Deal'? DO you even manage your own twitter acc?????
Remainer ministers plot to get Theresa May to adopt a SOFTER plan B Brexit if her deal is torpedoed
Everything this woman writes or says is vacuous, fatuous &amp; empty. I long since stopped listening when she says anything and certainly won't be reading her rhetorical missive to the people. If she wants to know what the people think, she only has to ask. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
#EU, #UK Approve #Brexit Divorce Deal; Now Comes The Hard Part
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
No, just resign &amp; get out of our lives you traitorous witch
Theresa May pleads with MPs to back Brexit deal so Brits can finally stop arguing as leaders warn it’s the only one we’ll get at historic summit
To be fair, I voted remain (look back at my tweets), and I am either all in or all out, there isn’t one part of me that wants to let the Gov wheedle out of this with a crap deal that they claim delivers Brexit. If out and it’s crap I am in a position to emigrate.
the face of Brexit has called for Brexiteers to demonstrate against the UK government erasure of democracy ZERO times. This same man is going to try &amp; remove who has overseen a massive increase in UKIP membership and appeal.
Russia always wanted Brexit because they could do this!
I see has sent us all a letter about brexit, well thank you honey, to save on ink and a stamp here is the politest reply I’ve got ‘fuck off’ #LetterToTheNation
I take it you have read the deal, because if you have you will see that it isn't Brexit we are not leaving, but you and other remainers have your self to thank for it, congratulations, you win enjoy what comes next.
If Brexit is allowed to continue unchallenged then democracy finished.
Macron is an absolute bell end.
As the impossibility of a Brexit that allows us to "have our cake and eat it" now becomes glaringly obvious. Leading Brexiters cry...."but we'll only be left with crumbs" at May's deal. #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
#Brexit Agre/endorsed by EU27. We have no reasons to celebrate but this is the best possible outcome of Brexit negotiations:
if we cannot set our own tariffs then we have not left and this is not brexit and you and May are trying to deceive the country. The good people of Norfolk will remember your lies come the next general election.
Reading up on the Gibraltar talks and it’s as if #brexit was a terrible idea from the outset. Who knew?
The TV journalists aren't discussing the Third World War that's just broken out. They're still shitting on about Brexit because they're so European.
Anyone still think we took back control?
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Dear , Your "loyalty" to the government in the event of a hypothetical no confidence vote is misplaced. Until you join with the other sensible members of the HoC in a bloc to defeat this crazy #Brexit proposal, the lunatics may win the day.
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Brexit itsele is dumb
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
Brexit: What comes next for the Prime Minister and her deal with the EU? #PeoplesVote
May forms unholy alliance with Brussels to destroy rebels plotting against Brexit deal
I've no idea how I really feel about this.
Seriously, #BrexitIsBonkers What should we do, UK-ers? Cos it's our decision, apparently. Should we #BackTheBrexitDeal? Vote &amp; RT
Funnier than this? Never! Check out ’s Tweet:
Number 10 peddling more lies, damned lies and basically drivel…. Well done Mr Howe... #BlockTheBrexitDeal
GIBRALTAR IS NOT SPAIN #Brexit
Truth.
EU leaders approve Brexit deal
Your non-transport read of the day (HT ) “Well, who funds you?” he says. “The Observer funds me,” I say. “George Soros, is it?”
I love it! 'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
It's been great spending a week in Japan. No mention of Brexit on TV news. A smattering of Trump. Mostly the Nissan debacle. And more 24 hour convenience stores than you can shake an octopus at.
May forms unholy alliance with Brussels to destroy rebels plotting against Brexit deal -
The Guardian view on May’s #Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
It’s sad when people like you excuse Corbyn’s failure to lead. It might give you huge satisfaction, and contentment. But you will consign the Labour Party to the electoral dustbin.
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal” it’s long but well worth a read. We are continually told May is honourable but at the same time, can justify lying to the electorate on this scale. How’s exactly does that work?
My Official View on Brexit: 2/5 I strongly wish that the integrity and coherence of Great Britain and other countries of European Union will continue on a positive note with minimal negative impact on the development and prosperity of individual countries.
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May #Brexit
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and Brexit #Brexit
What about the impact of Brexit on Wombats? Acknowledgements to Monty Python.
Theresa May to revive THIS Brexit deal if MPs vote down plan, Lord Lilley says
#MartinHoweQC’s column in today’s Sunday Telegraph calls this deal a catastrophe and two Brexit secretaries have quit. PM’s letter a total contradiction of conclusions reached by many smart people. Both can’t be right. Occam’s razor anyone?
Everybody has tacitly accepted that a technological solution exists. The problem with it is that it might precipitate a proper Brexit and that, naturally, is unacceptable.
This brexit or crypto had to tell
'Has a prime minister ever worked so hard and expended so much political capital to slash a nation’s power, restrain freedom for its citizens, frustrate businesses and reduce economic strength?'
WOW so #Brexit means stopping our freedom of movement...We had that before the EU...This is not why people voted, not anyone I know, we have been conned...need to stop this madness.
The published the most obscene article I’ve read this week. Bleating that Ireland has been unhelpful during the Brexit process; but can anyone with even a vague sense of Irish history name one reason why the Irish should be helpful or accommodating of Brexit?
Suicidal behavior is not unprecedented for the British. They are now sleepwalking their way to penury and ruin in imaged dreams of reliving their famous “Finest Hour” when they defined Nazi Germany in 1940.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
Will put brexit on the back burner if this goes big...
How Gibraltar almost stopped a Brexit deal
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Clintons SUCK
There is no 'proper' Brexit if it means leaving us better off and with no EU (Irish) border.
come on , what are you scared of? Surely a man who believes politicians should be open and transparent would be more than happy to talk to . I voted for #brexit and I'm wondering what the hell you've got to hide.
Jeremy, it's decision time - Will you vote the deal down If not, consider yourself political toast I hate bipolar politics, but we seem to be stuck between the Rock of Gibraltar and a Hard Brexit Place JEREMY THE FILM #CorbynOut #BrexitChaos
#Brexit Agre/endorsed by EU27. We have no reasons to celebrate but this is the best possible outcome of Brexit negotiations:
oh Brexit is easy, its pretending we're leaving while at the same time trying to keep us in without the people noticing that's difficult
when is the next Brexit protest in London?
PM issues fresh warning 2 MPs after EU leaders back her Brexit deal but with a tinge of sadness I can't believe the lies that come out of her mouth, NO sorry U can say Goodbye 2 the tory party they don't represent the 17.4. million votes of the UK who voted OUT the tories R Gone
Hi, I'm not a journalist or a writer but I am so disappointed by brexit I decided to write a whole article about it: feedback would be appreciated.
May is plotting to undermine the political system of this country. Which ever way the current argument ends we can take it that her political reputation cannot recover.
#DoctorWho ready for battal and #Brexit
Corbyn’s position is reckless. I don’t see how there could be an election if May’s agreement is defeated. That would require a big chunk of Tory MPs voting their own Prime Minister down, and they won’t do that. Happy to be corrected.
It isn't a deal, it sheer capitulation. The Tory party is simply aiding and abetting her betrayal of the Brexit vote. May is a snake and the Tory Party are the grass that hides her.
#TheresaMay and her #WithdrawalAgreement leaves us here... whether you wanted #Brexit or #PeoplesVote or #secondreferendum, #nodeal, #GeneralElection, #Conservatives or #Labour #JeremyCorbyn, #noconfidencevote is all a mess! She needs to go!
May has already said that this is the deal she always wanted. EU have said she asked for this deal. May is a commited Remainer. She has deceived UK for 21/2 years. We need a PM who will deliver the result of the referendum, it is not May!
MPs are in it for themselves not the voters, so you and Theresa Mays plan can fuck off! #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit
She wouldn’t get abuse if she gave the 17.4 million brexit voters, what they voted for
Sorry Michael. You should go and speak to the Scottish fisherman. Ask them what they believe. This brexit deal will not pass the commons it will be voted down. A hard brexit ahead thank god. Out with the EU
Bad move Prime Minister to align yourself to discredited £350m to NHS claim
Umm, what? Corbyn campaigned against Brexit and has never offered May any understanding of support on what Brexit would like. May has a majority in the Commons, so why is it the head of the opposition's responsibility to save her and her political project?
- (Jolene) cover. Can we get this in the charts and number one this Christmas? #BREXIT #BackTheBrexitDeal #TheresaMay #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave
I think his and Labour's focus is on forcing a GE. Whether that is a wise strategy regarding Brexit remains to be seen. But it is what Labour should be focusing on. I think what MP's need to do is take back control within Parliament. May's Brexit is awful and No deal is worse.
The problem with curbing immigration is that it is exactly what the right wants. If we do it, and we may have to, we will admit that their narrative was correct. It wasn't. Demographics, austerity and inequality are destroying Europe, not immigrants.
What a crock of shit
It's as if the Remain side never pointed this out. Oh wait, yes we fucking did.
Backstop must be removed if DUP to support May - Foster via
Martin Howe QC is correct.
Daybreak: EU Endorses Brexit. China's WTO Defense. (Podcast)
EU leaders endorse Brexit agreement
No10’s rebuttals rebutted... it shows again that No10 just bullsh1t in the hope that it won’t be noticed
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
BBC News Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal' BBC News EU leaders have approved an agreement on the UK's withdrawal and future relations - insisting it is the "best and only deal possible". After 20 months of negotiations, the 27…
On the contrary, something exceptional isn't very likely after rejection of deal, because any option would require action by Parliament for which there's no clear majority. On the other hand, no deal Brexit doesn't require any action.
Brexit is for the few, not the many.
You have got to be joking about the cabinet supporting May's Brexit deal!!!!
# #How can you come out of Brexit and still ask for a deal ,#YOU ARE THE LEADER#LEAD NO DRAGGING BACKWARDS ONWARD FORWARD #SHOW LIGHT......##GOOD INTEGRITY####YOU DONT NEED A DEAL #$#SHOW YOUR GROWTH......
We had a general election in 2017. Labour and the Tories stood on a Brexit manifesto. And people voted for them in excess of 80% and, by extension, for Brexit. If Brexit is such an anathema, why didn't all those people vote for an anti-Brexit party?
and correspondent says at the end in this video that it might do some good for UK to find out how hard the world is outside the EU &amp; develop a healthier relationship w EU &amp; itself (RE: self-importance).
I suggest every Brexiteer read this legal putdown of No 10's abysmal response to Brexiteer QC Martin Howe.
Due to some none specific wording in the brexit deal, the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off, as the small print says the EU own it.
Spain's Brexit threats are as shallow as they are futile - CapX
Brexit Proves EU Needs 'Profound' Reform - French President
There was a young fella called Will Who’s protestations are sounding quite shrill He’s not getting the drift Of the political shift &amp; so goes the young fella called Will
NOT IF WE SAY NO DEAL. Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
Macron has already started with the blackmail. And this is just the start of the demands......
He will bring shame, pain &amp; suffering to RoI! &amp; UK will not be there next time to bail them out!
If Brexit were a game of cricket, the backstop would be obvious - and would clearly fuck up those who must leave - incessantly stumping them.
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial Merkel described Brexit as tragic. May, with her usual poor judgement talked about the sunny uplands.
New post (Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit) has been published on Daily top pop -
You treacherous reptile. You've killed BREXIT, you've killed the party, you've killed the economy..... *Corbyn enters stage left*.... and spends his way into bankrupcy. I can barely look at you, nevermind vote for you. If you call a GE youre out because your Tory voters hate you
British are in Ukraine the BBC wont tell you
'This Brexit deal is the best available' via
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
I will not back your deal! #PeoplesVote We don't want brexit, you will pay your taxes
It isn't a deal, it's sheer capitulation. The Tory party is simply aiding and abetting her betrayal of the Brexit vote. May is a snake and the Tory Party are the grass that hides her.
Thoughtful, informed discussion with about the growing constitutional crisis posed by Brexit &amp; the social &amp; political evils that have driven it. If only our political ‘leaders’ wouid speak up, with similar levels of integrity, for justice &amp; sanity
Keep it up!
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
How nice of you to email, . Could you explain how we could leave the backstop if we needed to, without the risk of our exit being vetoed by a country trying to exploit us? As Macron suggested he do over fishing rights, less than an hour after your speech. #Brexit
From Socialist Resistance: Two steps to stop Statement from Socialist Resistance. We called for a vote to Remain in the referendum in 2016 as the Leave campaign was totally dominated by [...]
Great news, time for war with the great Eastern nations. Will surely distract folk from the stale Brexit debate.
Can you take over Brexit negotiations please
The Lithuanian president has reservations? Since when did the opinions of a president of a country with the entire population of a city over here matter a flying fuck to us? #Brexit
A clear laying out of the fisheries minefield stalking #Brexit negotiations
according to the propaganda “Brexit papers” we do know what no deal looks like.
No, deal on #brexit Will unite us as far as knowing the deal she has got is terrible for the UK. When the dust settles we will be divided as much if not more as the impact of #Brexit starts to bite
This Brexit deal is the best available - via
So..(1) This is the first time we've been able to see what a Brexit deal actually looks like (2) There's no real support for No Deal (3) So surely we - the nation - should be allowed to choose between 'the deal' and remaining in the EU.
WHY the hand-wringing? You have dozens of allies OUTSIDE the EU lined up to make a #WTOBrexit as painless as possible. Australia committed to a day-after-Brexit trade agreement. The US &amp; New Zealand committed to fast-tracking agreements. Singapore &amp; Japan committed. Just do it!
Jeremy Corbyn vows Labour will oppose 'miserable failure' Brexit deal after EU gives its seal of approval. #PeoplesVote
Nah i think i'll stand with the British people and march with them to #StopBrexit Brexit whos only international fans are Trump and Putin... who are looking forward to dividing and buying out parts of the country Brexit that has zero benefits whatsoever #StopBrexitSaveBritain
It has got to be part of a bigger strategy. It makes no logical sense on its own.
Getting Brexit deal through Commons will be Herculean job for Theresa May
Bloody traitors.
Tony Blair is right about Brexit. He's still a murderer though so be easy on the praise.
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
More exposure of and get LIES.
“The British people don’t want to spend any more time arguing about Brexit.” May’s statment at the EU summit. Full text. — Conservative Home
World War 3 will distract us from Brexit
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
You have got a cheek! No I do not support your stupid deal. I SUPPORT NO BREXIT.
The future's #Bright The future's #Brexit Now do everyone who supports #democracy a favour and f*ck off #Bollocks2Grayling
Disagree. I think the country is divided. SNP will soon ask for indyref2 a GE won’t solve that, mind you Corbyn May offer that to SNP if there is enough support for a GE. Messed up times. I think we need 2 resolve this Brexit issue, PM May has pee’d off the far right &amp; remainers
Strange I thought it was a government department not a brexit propaganda machine.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Can the UK Parliament not just do the correct thing and vote to not accept this deal, go for a 2nd referendum with Q1 Accept Deal Q2 Leave with no Deal Q3 Remain in EU. I’m almost positive we’d remain in the EU. #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitAgreement
It's a #NoBrexitAtAll for me . Give it up; you tried and you've proved that Brexit doesn't fly.
Couldn't agree more. The only way you could consider her a traitor is if you consider all Tories traitors which is a pretty extreme position. She wasn't the one that lied about what Brexit would be. Boris Johnson is the real traitor
I doubt it. I emailed him twice but the answers was: he hasn't changed his mind ,and will vote with his party for Brexit.
Goodness gracious !!
#Brexit deal explained: backstops, trade and citizens' rights
Staying in a union that brings constant Tory govt and self harm like Brexit is the problem. Staying in the union and trying to mitigate every Tory policy is stupidity when we can go Indy and never get Tory govt again.
well not since 2014 , and you were one of them.
Hi, I'm not a journalist or a writer but I am so disappointed by brexit I decided to write a whole article about it: feedback would be appreciated.
The Falklands could go too post Brexit - no obligation for the EU to be involved in coordinated sanctions if we are no longer a member
Corbyn says deal is '26 pages of waffle' and 'blindfold Brexit we all feared' - Politics live
Imagine if had not spent past few years siding with the right wing media trying to undermine Labour's electability?
Brexit EU summit LIVE: EU leaders concern ultimatum to MPs — again Could’s deal or get nothing |
UPDATED FOR LATEST MINISTERIAL VIEWPOINTS There's a nasty sting in the Brexit deal's tail. So what is May's Plan B?
But we have already done that once....and were screwed by you and the other globalists.
I still wish to Remain. But some of the trite pish Guy puts out with Gifs and promo tweets is fucking banal. Its really strange. He is the one who held a placard behind the cunt #Farage but failed to concern himself with him racking up the cash for fuck all. #Brexit
Theresa May can take her letter and shove it up her arse. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Robert Peston just said: “Growing numbers of MPs are talking to me about how now the only option is to stay, and they now think the only route to this is through another referendum ... and T May would resign if HoC votes for #PeoplesVote" see
An Irish passport; special EU status; an all-weather backstop and hey-presto, Brexit doesn't look so bad for those of us fortunate enough to be born in Northern Ireland. In a very strange &amp; surreal way, it could actually be better than remaining in the EU. Strange but true.
And not that it's any of our business, but your former colony of Canada think May &amp; the pro-Brexit crowd are a bunch of muppets.
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
She s not listening. BREXIT = leave EU institutions not Europe itself
‘Who the f*** does he think he is’: Broadcaster Melvyn Bragg takes aim at Cameron, Brexiteers and… ‘that weasel’ Macron
EU leaders seal Brexit deal, call on Britons to back May
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement: THERESA… #Brexit #ClickBait
This is NOT about Brexit now. Labour don't mention Freedom of Movement at all! The biggest lost of UK citizens rights ever!!! The male Kate Hoye Corbyn and his Brexit cult has made once progressive party into anti-semitic anti-immigration fascist supporting cess pit Disgrace!
Brexit SCRAMBLE: Theresa May ‘will FAIL’ to seal immigration curbs in time to win vote: DOUBTS… #Brexit #ClickBait
Leo Varadkar blasts Brexiteers for FANTASY Brexit plan ‘plan B is ONLY in their minds!’: LEO… #Brexit #ClickBait
The Brexit deal explained. #BackTheBrexitDeal
Important also to note that, yes, Andrew Marr is absolutely correct: England's sovereignty as a country has never been constrained involuntarily, ever, unless you consider three or so kings being the rulers of Denmark starting with Canute a violation of sovereignty.
While this doesn't actually apply to me, it could so easily have. I was interviewed for a job with RIPE in Amsterdam in 1987.
‘Anyone who thinks that we should get Brexit ‘out of the way’ so we can focus on other priorities is in for a nasty shock’ - as is anyone who thinks that Brexit might solve our domestic problems.
On Thursday, we’ll look at our first #Brexit related SI. Read about what a Brexit SI is, and what we’ll be considering: Watch the Committee live on #SPTV
Toby Blair is a free mason and doesn’t want the EU to break up. He can hurry up and die and do the world a favour the lying bastard.
brilliant news, a proper Brexit, when will this new deal be reported
She has everything wrapped up in this, her party, which is such a disorganised disgrace, her team, a bunch of self serving villains, her hold on power, she is trapped she knows how much everything has changed, she is trying to con the people,
This soft #Brexit was always the “only deal possible” without destroying the economy. The clouds are parting and people see there is NO CASTLE. Only the lies. We must have a #PeoplesVote
Brexit of both Brexits
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal' | After 20 months of negotiations, EU leaders have given the UK's deal their blessing in Brussels. |
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal' | After 20 months of negotiations, EU leaders have given the UK's deal their blessing in Brussels. |
Tony, I can foresee a PHD on brexit with every reference allocated to your fine self!
'Grateful, Thankful, Blessed' tees - Available at Ksh900. Call or WhatsApp +254 (0) 700 135552 #BOUARS #AbuDhabiGP #SmokinCountryOnHot Lake Victoria #AsanteDataSunday #KorogaFestival Real Madrid chelsea Abu Dhabi Brexit 30 KCSE zimbabwe NHIF
Outflows from #UK-focused equity funds since #Brexit vote hit $1 trillion
Abandoning brexit does not overturn the 2016 referendum. The UK government can still leave in a professionally manged exodus by reinvoking Article 50 when the country has decided and agreed on what the ultimate plan is. The UK still does not have a consensus on that.
Outflows from #UK-focused equity funds since #Brexit vote hit $1 trillion
Here comes Horatio Nelson Part II. Spain will be humiliated again. CC: Spanish PM claims Brexit could mean split sovereignty of Gibraltar via
No, it shouldn't matter to MP's in terms of Brexit. They should govern on the manifesto that they were elected on You can't spend 2 years arguing that the ref isn't legally binding, and that Parliament is sovereign, and then backtrack when you don't like what Parliament is doing
I thought the Ladybird Book of Brexit had a caveman on the cover....
The Gibraltar ‘capitulation’ is nothing of the sort #Gibraltar #Brexit
’s #Brexit deal is dumb, xenophobic and economically-illiterate. My MP is still not on record as voting for it, despite admitting that Brexit will harm local farmers. As a Tory member, I call on him to reject xenophobia and vote against May’s deal. #Frome
Theresa May’s displayed terrible judgement in a long+inglorious career. It’s entirely in character2make the wrong call here +betray this persecuted poor Christian woman as TM’s betrayed us on Brexit. Shameful!
There shall be no BREXIT! I continuously wonder the sort of Clay God uses in making the heads of politicians. Can someone send them away from planet earth so we earthlings can have some peace?
BBCNEWS 11:13am EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Deal will sml need to be passed by the UK parliament'r I ' EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Many MP5...
Why Mrs May's Brexit deal threatens your rights at work
The sum-up
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
‘Go back and show some strength!’ May must accept Brexit plan's doomed, says Ben Bradley MP
17.4M others feel just as sick. Time to stand up again and be counted. #BrexitMeansBrexit not this sham. #betrayed
i find it mad how this guy keeps popping up on telly like he shouldn’t be in prison this guy isn’t even ashamed enough to even think i’ll keep a low profile
Because if somebody tells you your fortune, you start using the ‘Abuse’ card.
Hi, I'm not a journalist or a writer but I am so disappointed by brexit I decided to write a whole article about it: feedback would be appreciated.
Brexit bing,
U for pm with david davis and boris close by maybe even farage after all he is fighting for a proper brexitxxx
Oh yes she has. Trouble is the Unionist press has buried every non brexit voice. Time you woke up.
Theresa May faces her party as a desperate gambler in hope of a break | Jonathan Lis
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Here's a bunch of people who fell for vote leave #Brexit lies hook line and sinker
"We know that some of these voters are open to persuasion that #Brexit is not the answer to their anger."
Count me in. Boycott and and help destroy the #EUSSR
Important thread. Read, weep, share. The biggest threats to our independence are apathy &amp; ignorance. Only a focussed, informative campaign will move the needle. Keep doing what Graham is doing however hard it is. Explain to friends &amp; family. We win this on the ground, not the air
This fake #Brexit (#Brino) deal has very much brought into light that it’s now no longer about Left Vs Right, it’s now very much about Globalists Vs Patriots, Politicians Vs Voters, Rule Makers Vs Rule Takers and they don’t want us getting in their way!
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a eobsring memont for Britain | Editorial
Has there ever been a PM with such poor judgement?Total mismanagement beyond anything we’ve ever witnessed. Capitulated and kowtowed every step of the way. Ashamed of this government #brexit #unforgivable #betrayal
#gbpjpy New week, new trade plan * Possible 200 pip move? * Check out tradeview link in bio for info and follow along. * #gbpjpy #gbpusd #usdjpy #forex #fxcm #brexit #cnbc #bloomberg…
Need to get May out before withdrawal agreement goes to Parliament. If she stays in she WILL punish the UK even more (if that were possible)...
Hi Lisa, I urge you to vote against this horrible Brexit deal I'm begging you Theresa May has constantly lied she said Austerity is over check this This evil cruel Govt will finish us off this Govt need to be toppled she's the worst PM in...
This isn’t a bad way to judge the deal, actually. If the UK can’t ban this then ipso facto the deal is bad.
Those threatening to block deal have no right to put 0.5m UK jobs at risk in event of No Deal, if IMF estimates broadly correct.
WANTED..crimes against genuine think tanks who deserve charity status..this extreme right wing neoliberal lobby group implicated smear campaign with friends ..40 yrs of this economic bullshit..only big business/ small elite group prosper..#bbcnews #skynews #Brexit
Please reconsider. You are completely wrong about #PeoplesVote. Brexit is itself a far right project that need to be defeated.
The idealogical, "pure", zealous #Brexit of #jacobreesmogg #NigelFarage and the #Murdoch press isn't #Brexit at all. It is the 4th Reich.
Arrogant &amp; patronising . I’m not uniting behind her shitty deal. If we’re divided it’s because of #Brexit. If #Leavers &amp; #Remainers are agreed it’s to #VoteDownTheDeal. Hypocrite said no deal is better tgan a bad deal, then gives us #MaysBotchedBrexit
Outflows from UK-focused equity funds since Brexit vote hit $1 trillion via
THAT FFFFFFFING BACKSTOP IS A NOOSE ROUND THE UK`S NECK N WE ALL KNOW WHO THE HANGMEN ARE, WITH THERE FOOT ON THE TRAPDOOR THRU THE TRADE /SERVICES PART OF BREXIT - THIS IS A UNITED EUROPE`S FIRST MOVE AND WE ARE FALLING FOR IT
Let’s make Britain poor again! We love us some Brexit round these parts. All of our problems would be fixed if it wasn’t for all those darn immigrants. A shining day for democracy when ignorance wins the day....
Time to chill out #Brexit turn on radio or whatever and relax
The latest The Texterbreak Daily! #eu #brexit
I wonder if #remain campaigners can learn from #facebook handling the #CambridgeAnalytica data seize and kick off proceedings to stop #brexit the all powerful San Mateo Superior Court.
I think we can all agree, leavers and remainers, that Teresa May's #Brexit deal is shockingly shite
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit
how dare you sign your corrupt piece of crap deal! May signs Brexit deal as Cabinet plot against her Sent via
we disagree on brexit, but we agree on one aspect of it: this withdraw agreement is an absolute disaster and simply isnt in the best interests of the uk #notbuyingit
Teresa May's Deal or no Deal Brexit must be the worst Deal in political history call there bluff and EU will cave be strong all Mp's and vote this Deal down #BrexitMeansBrexit
Not going to happen. Moggys buddies will become billionaires after brexit. Foreign investment. Currency speculation. Pesky Eu anti fraud and tax avoidance rules dodged that bullet ok. So no vote here. Let’s cut benefits and start the old immigrant song keeps the sheeple occupied
Your doing a brilliant friend and I discuss your reports. Thanks
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
No it wouldn't this is not Brexit we were promised so I'm for 2nd referendum
It is the silliest thing this country has done in my (longish!) lifetime - silly because the damage is self-inflicted and unnecessary. Stuff like the Faulkland's War or our involvement in Iraq was desperately sad, but Brexit is just depressing.
Arrogant &amp; patronising . I’m not uniting behind her shitty deal. If we’re divided it’s because of #Brexit. If #Leavers &amp; #Remainers are agreed it’s to #VoteDownTheDeal. Hypocrite said no deal is better tgan a bad deal, then gives us #MaysBotchedBrexit
Uncertainty has caused the pound to plummet, not Brexit. The NHS is always short of everything to hear it talk, but it will be better when those from all nations have a fair chance to be employed. Rural work should be done by local unemployed and farmers will have to pay properly
1 reason to not back it... It's shite
Fucking hell Steve have you finally grown a spine or just as I suspect calculated it’s now safe for your career to be seen to oppose brexit after two years of your constituents telling you do do it? Christ on a bike.
A very important analysis
In my opinion #TheresaMay is systematically trying to destroy #Brexit but what do I know I'm just an American. PM pleads MPs to back Brexit deal after leaders agree at historic summit
Plus side latest update :- 1. Blue Passport ( Maybe ) 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10.
I voted for brexit hoping to join EFTA many people did
How do the Norwegians deal with this issue?
Lock her up!
Scottish Conservatives, Macron will insist on fishing post WA &amp; keep us in CU unless we cave. Hence leaving Common Fisheries Policy is a sham! Meanwhile there’s a WithdrawalAgreement handing CU permanency to UK &amp; a sellout of NI &amp; the Union! Where’s your vote going hey? #Brexit
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
No. It does not end European Court jurisdiction over the UK.And then there is this Back Stop nonsense. Its just not a good deal, sorry, I just do not trust those within the EU.I also worry when people like the Chancellor likes the deal a remainer who has also argued about Brexit
"I have colleagues whose jobs are 100 percent European-funded who voted to come out. And I ask them why and they say, ‘I couldn’t tell you. Just gut feeling.’ " Propaganda works. #Brexit
Oh F¥ck
I bet you won’t be so generous if Brexit will be reversed via a second referendum. Or will we have a third, fourth and fifth?
I know why. #austerity and #universalcredit ~ all political choices. Brexit will make those who voted Leave far far worse off, while enriching the bastards who pushed them into believing it was the EU's fault. Don't tell me what I know already.
With a heavy heart in one respect Guy, my priority for Europe personally now is tk renounce my British citizenship and apply for Spanish citizenship in order to REMAIN EUROPEAN thanks to #Brexit
REVEALED: The FOUR ways left for May to save Brexit - including an alliance with LABOUR
Oh no!!! Not Gibraltar!!!!!
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Ms. May already made a HUGE mistake ...UK economy will first feel that!!! The Brewing Storm: Chaos Erupts in London Over Brexit Deal via
'Your grandchildren will regret #Brexit' Again, piss head #Junker slurs our democratic result! Good riddance to the #EU.
You have betrayed the brexit vote and it will never be forgotten, one of many days democracy died in the u.k. You held all the cards against a failing institution and deliberately threw them all away because you are a technocrat and remainer. You are not a conservative
HAVE YOU ALL NOTICED ALL MY BREXIT INFO TWEETS SHOWS EVERY SINGLE PERSON INVOLVED IN EU AGAINST BREXITEERS. ASK YOURSELF WHY? Leo Varadkar blasts Brexiteers for FANTASY Brexit plan ‘plan B is ONLY in their minds!’
Vanguard News Nigeria
could have got a better remainer than a war criminal
Lock this prick up
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Celebrating the signing of the Brexit agreement.
He doesn't seem to care what we think ,as we voted Remain but he continuesly votes pro-Brexit.
They don’t know what they voted for, that has become clear. We kept being told Brexit means Brexit.. that was the warning sign... waffle means waffle
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
- (Jolene) cover. Can we get this in the charts and number one this Christmas? #BREXIT #BackTheBrexitDeal #TheresaMay #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave
I can shorten that! #TheresaMay has sold out just about everything &amp; everybody.
More #ProjectReality kicking in right there. #WeToldYouSo. More ignorant rhetoric being stripped away. More evidence that this is a #BrexitShambles and that the best deal is STILL to remain.
The deal is shaped by liars &amp; duplicity on both sides to act as a trajectory for UK to re-enter EU in not so long a time ahead - obvs #bullshit &amp; #propoganda vendoring all round
We haven't left yet. The fight will continue and we will drive the charlatans out. Millions in the UK are committed to being part of the EU and Europe. Don't write us off yet.
The latest The Varo Cavalli Daily! #brexit #salvini
The latest The Brittany Coolidge Daily! Thanks to #fishing #brexit
This is quite brilliantly put. I do wish the Brexit people would try to understand our payments into the EU budget are an investment with a huge return, not some kind of pointless donation.
#Brexiters, #DUP, #Labour or #Tory MPs eyeing second referendum could all scupper PM’s plans. #UK #BrexitDeal
My first tweet on the Brexit deal. Discussed on the beaters trailer yesterday. Consensus of opinion was, politicians need to stop pi..sing about. Agree it and move on. Politicians will always find problems.
Lets be clear about this: Nobody voted for May's deal Nobody voted for a cliff edge #Brexit 16.5m voted to remain! Now that's what a real majority looks like! #PeoplesVote
Can't believe they gave you the Brexit portfolio
Don't see the Brits handing over Girbraltar anytime soon, Spain is just tilting at windmills.
I can’t believe that #UK is choosing to become a vassal state just to end free #EU movement... #PeoplesVote #IndyRef2 #StopBexit #Brexit #FBPE
DUP still can’t muster a single tangible benefit #Brexit has to NI, yet they somehow persuaded their supporters to back it and even engaged in a dark money funded Leave campaign to make it happen. Now they’re prepared to throw NI employers and employees under the bus for it!
As I was saying, (read the replies). Still too many headbangers out there.
Spain faces backlash after last-minute threat to sabotage Brexit deal over Gibraltar via
Nope they're corrupt to the core, and hell bent on destroying brexit. Give or take the ones that resigned and are opposing mays disgraceful deal. But corbyn still runs in circles with the once ira and was calling for utd ireland 3 months ago. He's also a communist.
Nothing is written in stone. The discord is out of the box. Democracy is never a fixed point. Changing your mind is allowed. I would remind Mrs May she called an election in less than 5 years. That was fine. Neither Tories nor Labour have a clear view on Brexit - nor do voters!
Which of these matter more than the Conservatives being in power?... #voteconservative
But TM herself admitted that we could forget Brexit all together. Though it'll take dome time to undo the damage it's already done.
This is All in #TraitorMay's #BrexitBetrayal "deal" as well. #UK losing control of its #ArmedForces !
Hopefully properly! #Brexit
Fair play to theresa may finally getting a brexit deal to all the people on her back well Id like to see you do any better quite easy to criticise when you haven’t got the pressure of delivering brexit and sit on your arse
Training the next generation
Laura has never fretted over a heating bill in her life. Or any other bill for that matter.
With leading the #Brexit arrangements and #JeremyCorbyn as leader we need not fear
Good God. Do ANY of you MPs have an ounce of integrity? Do you not hear the lies falling from your leader's lips? You're okay with the duplicitous having misled the British people with her Brexit Means Remain deception? You underestimate just how pissed off we are.
BBCNEWS 11:14am EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. May: Confident we have achieved 'best deal possible" EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Jean-Claude...
Brexit U-Turn – The hypocrisy of the ‘ultras’ mouthpiece
I tell you what really fucks me off about Brexit (a) the lack of any nuance in the debate - it seems to be either 100% pro or 10% anti EU (I’d go for Remain and Reform) and (b) the inability for anyone to contextualise comments. It’s almost as if it’s done on purpose....
and redefined leave as remain but without a seat at the table
EU officials have been told to expect the parliamentary vote on the Brexit deal on 10 or 11 December, according to senior sources in Brussels.
His campaigning "against" Brexit was about as luke-warm as you could get without siding for it. He never came out against it, merely dodged the question. And issued party whips in favour of/not to vote against Tory Commons motions that got us here.
Yes please do.
The latest The Job_Bremerhaven Daily! Thanks to #brexit #cdu
North Sentinel: a case of exceptionalist insularism taken to its logical conclusion. A vision for Britain? Discuss. #Brexit #peoplesvote
Just go
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit In power, speaks truth to power. Thank you.
As a remainer I just wanna say: I support May's #Brexit deal. I don't see how anybody is going to go to the EU and come back with a better deal. It's true what she says. It's either this deal or no Brexit. Don't @ me about possibilities of no deal.
Do we think it’s significant this happens the day Brexit is signed off by the EU?
Great question! Despite her Lancaster House bluster, she &amp; David Davis failed on day 1 of negotiations back in June 17. It was then that they gave away timetabling &amp; content of WA, NI question &amp; Gibraltar. No we won't just go along #GeneralElectionNow
Precisely the three options... bring it on!
the #eagles are the #brexit of #NFL an absolute mess
We have a democracy which has been much eroded by brexit, some atrocious things have been allowed to happen in the HoC. We are entitled to another vote before anything happens, it was promised to us.
New at Media Diversified: A response to Theresa May's open letter on the Brexit deal
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
Regarding Theresa May's #Brexit letter to the nation...
We have MI6 assisting in the coup on President Trump, you have ignored the BREXIT vote and the royal family seem very friendly with paedo's. The elites are showing utter contempt for UK citizens and democracy and the rule of law.
Yet more bad news re May's bad bad deal.
Hey , would be interesting to know your thoughts on ridiculous amounts of capital flight, the impact it will have on asset prices and if you will buy into the dip, thus profiting from the emerging crisis you helped create?
Fuck off - if you back May’s pathetic, weasling, bullshit ‘deal’ you’re a traitor to this nation. #Brexit
Looking for technical analysis of how things could play out if Withdrawal Ag doesn’t get voted through. PM makes it a confidence issue? Labour calls for vote of no confidence? Motion to try to amend the WA? Motion to put some kind of Q to the people? #Brexit
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May -
Brexit SCRAMBLE: Theresa May ‘will FAIL’ to seal immigration curbs in time to win vote
Thought long and hard about tweeting today and decided there was nothing be to gained from being rude to people about their views/roles in Brexit. The end.
'Look at the HORROR!' Tony Blair SAVAGED by Andrew Marr in tense second Brexit vote row
Preservatives are a good source of nutrition in a post-Brexit situation.
#SocialistSunday Time for our great movement to make decisions, not only on #brexit but on the kind of party we want to be. excellent video on David Icke has revealed once and for all that part of the left is infected with antisemitic conspiracy. Cut them out.
...Yes, money that wouldn't have been given if May hadn't lost her majority in the election and then needed to rely on them to get them through the Brexit process.
Couldn’t have put it better myself. I’ve heard so many people saying ‘Brexit will give us our sovereignty back’, but we already are a sovereign state. The withdrawal agreement makes things worse as we’ll have to abide by EU rules but won’t get any say in writing them.
Brexit is the symptom. A GE and a Labour victory and government will treat the root causes.
You’ve got me there. Can name the 1 Pro Brexit Economist , have lost count of all the anti Brexit economists. However in nearly three years , have only encountered 1 who thinks it will benefit us. And i am an economist , i speak to economist every working day.
What end of the Bell are you ? This not what Brexit voted on. Get a PM that is pro Brexit.
Happiest ppl with Brexit are the Arabs, Russia &amp; China.. A weakened EU &amp; Brirain is to their advantage.
Theresa May on getting her Brexit deal agreed with the other EU nations "this is the best &amp; only deal possible". We will see about that, sounds like she's throwing down the gauntlet, I accept the challenge, who's with me on this? #GTTO #JC4PM #SocialistSunday
Let’s go bong brexit claim doing me heading.
#brexit is second referendum worse than no deal?
What kind of person thinks leaving the EU wasn't a big issue given the turnout and the result? Asking for friend.... #Brexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
May forms unholy alliance with Brussels to destroy rebels plotting against Brexit deal
Coming soon to post Brexit UK
The BBC highlightings &amp; critiques the SNP's Brexit position just when things are going pear-shaped for the Scottish Tories in particular and Unionism in general? This is as sure a sign as any that they are preparing to undermine the SNP's CU/SM proposal.
We need to kill off idea it is OK for to continue in government if HoC rejects so-called ‘deal’, and in parallel idea lurking in there is a ‘better’ Brexit.
Those who seek to help animals need to join us. #MayMustGoNow
Well, if there is a snap GE Lab will surely have to be clear what their Brexit policy is, no? Can't just say (esp given EU view that the deal is done &amp; the A50 time frame) 'we'd do a different deal' but give no details
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
It's not a deal, it's capitulation to the EU and we need a PM who's willing to tell Brussels where to stick it #Brexit
EU endorses 'Brexit' divorce deal, but contentious vote in British Parliament looms
The Labour party six tests are not what the country voted for. The Labour party has been misrepresenting what the country voted for they have NO Brexit plan.
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected - May
I wish there was a Santa! I’d get something I actually like! No body lotion &amp; No Brexit!
The New York Times: Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?. via
Pointing out that a potential Democratic candidate for 2020 has questionable positions on immigration is hardly whining.... "dude"
Reading this, this reminds me a little bit of the economy of Austria after the disintegration of Austria-Hungary (cut off from markets, supply chains broken etc.). At least Britain didn't go through a devastating war.
Is the any Brexit route that leaves us better off and with more power?
OMG. I'm not often speechless at lack of self awareness, but this has me completely stunned.
Legal opinion indicates the EUs proposed Withdrawal Agreement is worse than first envisaged #brexit is warning up
Oh dear. So you think the working classes are happier being part of the EU. As though any of you lot even care. What we aren’t happy with is mass immigration of Islam and the results of it which WE suffer from, not the wealthy in their posh areas. We are hoping Brexit stops that
Very brexit bracket
Ms. May already made a HUGE mistake ...UK economy will first feel that!!! BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Theresa May put on the spot as she FAILS to answer key question on future of Brexit deal
All the street lights and electricity gone off round mine is this what Brexit is??
As you appear to have ignored experts on trade for too many years then maybe it's time to drop the "rational optimist" &amp; join rest of the "delusional pessimists" who are watching their simplistic Brexit solutions implode.
Why Corbyn supports fraud? Seriously why? May failing to act on Brexit fraud and cancel A50 is called misconduct in a public office. "Croft Solicitors wrote on 6 Nov.,urging the prime minister to“reconsider her refusal to take any action”
Despite Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda via
I think conservatives around the world are similar... They use fear and "nationalism" to hold support despite the benefits of our global economy and...
A loss of power is the result of any #Brexit. The EU, far from perfect, best manages the trade-off between power, influence, solidarity &amp; sovereignty in a globalized world. #Brexit starts to finally meet its bitter realities. And there is a consensus -- nobody likes it!
An MP who apparently doesn't want to be re-elected. How odd.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
So many of the babies being born here are to immigrant mothers, who no longer feel welcome. In a decade or so, the UK is going to be begging young couples to move here to raise families. But right now, it's too busy doing everything it can to stop them #Brexit #immigration
BREXIT BLACKMAIL: Macron will FORCE UK into backstop unless May grants EU fishing access
Briefing by #ES following the Special mtg on #Article50 #Brexit #Diplomacy140 #Spain #UK
With the #Brexit distraction and #Mueller closing in on #Trump is anyone surprised?
About time you admitted any Brexit is bad. And anyway the EU have reiterated AGAIN this deal is it. No more negotiating. You need to realise Brexit needs to be stopped. perhaps
Do male unicorns not have bollocks in this Brexit utopia we're heading into?
Petition Monday Petition Tuesday Petition Wednesday Thursday Friday ... Petition for breakfast lunch and dinner Petition before sex ... It is in our hands to make us heard PETITION!!!!!!!!!! #Petition4Vote
I can’t help but feel that if it only took 1 hour to agree the Brexit deal it’s a shit deal for us. #secondreferendum #Brexit
May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
There is no compassion for the people, just selfish greed with more power for the EU. No one except PM and few remainers support this #brino deal, giving away our sovereignty and Gibraltar will rate as the worst deal in British history. #selfish #uncaring
REVEALED: EU top secret plans to EXTEND Article 50 fearing MPs will KILL May's Brexit deal
Many thanks to all those #PeoplesVoteNow and it highly likely that a hard brexit will follow shortsighted people who do not look further that their own ego’s. Dont you think successive governments will make changes to put things right. Um no
The only thing worse than Brexit itself are those who threaten the breakdown of the social order with a view to furthering a sordid political end.
Who gives a FF what this extreme right wing neoliberal bullshitter and lobbyist thinks about anything...#bbcnews #skynews #c4news #brexit #brexitshite
Best reason I’ve heard for a no deal.
May had no mandate for this hard Brexit. She has no credit with the electorate. #StopBrexitSaveDecency #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Interesting Brexit diversion. Where’s that EU navy when you need it eh.
I am tired of hearing why I and 17.4m voted for Brexit. We all know that politicians don't tell the truth so why would we fall for all their promises? I voted BREXIT because the EU is corrupt and undemocratic, I voted for an end to free movement.
Vote #UKIP or for independents. Any party (preferably pro Brexit) except LibLabCon. That will teach them to listen to the electorate.
has sold the UK out. Parliament has a duty to vote this terrible deal down
Bored of Brexit? Brussels is where it got interesting
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
General consensus is that Brexit is a mess, the country is deeply divided and most people don't have the knowledge to resolve what should have been a more complex question than In/Out. It's what we have Parliament for.
38 mins for Brexit? Lol
Graham... I dunno what to say mate. You're Tranny obsessed (yes, I know I'm using a derogatory term). Every tweet these days. Brexit, Trump, Climate Change..there's so many issues &amp; you still harp on about faux Transgender women or whatevs. It's a sickness. There's more to life.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Outflows from UK equity funds since #Brexit vote hit $1tn
So sad Barry Stanton went to be wiv da angels. He always provided superb brexit content
#Corbyn is lying #Brexit= economic disaster
After the Brexit divorve will the Uk now be known as Little Britain? #BrexitDeal
Brendan O'Connor: 'Mick McCarthy is our Brexit'
If MPs allow this to pass it will be a complete betrayal and the end of democracy in our country.
All traitors. !
He achieved so much and his take on Brexit is the best.
‘Despite Brexit’
Might not have to lol We ARE signed up to the Venice Commission
Fucking hell Steve have you finally grown a spine or just as I suspect calculated it’s now safe for your career to be seen to oppose brexit after two years of your constituents telling you to do it? Christ on a bike.
We can hope and pray ... #Brexit #.maymustgo #MayMustGoNow #MBGA
Alex I haven’t the time to baby sit people. I’m trying to stop Brexit xx
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
Now THAT would be a good deal! Expect they'd break that promise just like all their others though.
Brexit row: ‘Utter c**k’ slur as eurosceptic Tory MP awarded knighthood MPs have mocked a knighthood awarded to a veteran eurosceptic MP, and accused the prime minister of abusing the honours system to help secure her Brexit deal. The post Brexit row: ‘Ut
Been to Turkey many a time for a holiday..you see something in a shop..you talk for 5 minutes or so about a price..the shopkeeper says "no more my friend..final price"..you walk away disagreeing..the shopkeeper runs after you.."ok ok..I give it you your price"..#Brexit .
Enjoy your Free Movement. We have had that right taken from us thanks to and her pointless Brexit deal that is designed to appease the right wing zealots in the Tory party. #StopBrexit
haha no response to being trousered, playing you at your own game.. Thank god most of our country has bottle and guts and is not a shrinking violet.. Laugh that off and keep screaming that Brexit and tough opinions you don't agree with are an injustice haha
Theresa May writes ‘heart and soul’ plea to nation over Brexit Theresa May has written a letter to the nation setting out her intention to make the UK's exit from the EU work for both Leave and Remain supporters. The post Theresa May writes ‘heart and sou
Current WTO was via the EU, which if we have a no deal brexit would make life hard. Esp. on distribution of EU import quotas. So what would happen if EU and some other countries objected, esp if access to EU markets are at risk. Could be fun!
own this shitshow as much as the . ANd in particular because of the aiding and abetting non-opposition that is . Disgusting, deceitful enablement.
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
‘Division and uncertainty’ if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns Theresa May has warned of "more division and uncertainty" if MPs reject her Brexit divorce deal approved by EU leaders in Brussels. The post ‘Division and uncertainty’ if Brexit deal re
any labour m.p. who votes with this gov is a scab and will be deselected by the members !!!
UPDATE: The Latest: Hungarian leader: 'gloomy Sunday' due to Brexit
I don’t get why, considering she won’t do a second referendum.
Please!
Getting Brexit deal through Commons will be Herculean job for Theresa May Blink and you might have missed it, but the EU has formally backed Theresa May's Brexit plan. The post Getting Brexit deal through Commons will be Herculean job for Theresa May appe
You fought nothing. You spent more campaigning in the Glenrothes bye-election than the Brexit referendum. You’re the textbook definition of a populist nationalist party. Peddling easy, reductive, faux solutions to complex problems and blaming others. The cap fits Joanna. Wear it.
This should be entertaining!
Has Spain really scored a victory over the UK on Gibraltar? Gibraltar is more vulnerable to Spanish pressure after Brexit. The post Has Spain really scored a victory over the UK on Gibraltar? appeared first on Panda Radio .
Really? Is Brexit a swearword now?
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week #travel #hospitality #investor
EU leaders approve Brexit divorce pact with UK
WTC WAS DEMOLISHED BY HYDROGEN BOMB. #LeaveUk #Brexit #UKRules #Leave #Go
Why Corbyn supports fraud? Seriously why? May failing to act on Brexit fraud and cancel A50 is called misconduct in a public office. We need #BrexitTrials
Surely it has to be built on something that's actually achievable though? The Brexit promised before the referendum clearly isn't.
More sense than Corbyn that’s for sure. He’s against Brexit too.
DanHannan reveals CRIPPLING flaw in #TheresaMay's plan that NO ONE has noticed.
Divorced father of 3, Love LFC more than my kids. Brexit means Brexit. #LFC #LFCFamily
'15 years ago, we ignored Charles Kennedy’s warnings about the Iraq war – today, the lessons apply to Brexit' argues
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
TRUE
Uh oh. Melvyn's giving it some Diva. All perfectly true though.
Someone on the news just described the current Brexit situation as like wrestinlig with jelly and I don’t think I’d heard anything so truthful be said about Brexit in the last two years
The referendum is only advisory we could stop Brexit right now and have as many as we like.
It’s pretty likely post WA UK will be stuck in CU, we’ll have no say or rules or Regs in SM. We’ll give up Gibraltar &amp; Northern Ireland. Now in phase two they’ve confirmed Defence &amp; Fishing will be ceded! Which MP wants to go down in history backing this treason? #Brexit
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Never - this deal pleases no one - time to revoke article 50
There is only the deal on the table, there are no other deals, there are no more negotiations. How many times does the EU have to tell you this. There is only one action left #PeoplesVote or is it you just don’t want to be honest and say you want Hard BREXIT
This letter really has a #BrexitBingo full house: in our national interest take back control of our borders honour the result of the referendum common agricultural/fisheries policy keep our people safe brexit that works for everyone brighter future new trade deals BINGO
Yes it is. Fortunately enough MPs realise this and will vote against.
My Official View on Brexit 3/5 I like both sides. I strongly think that my own positive views for Britain and other countries of EU will remain same I, as an American entrepreneur, will position the 1st HQ of my tech and biz cluster in CA. I may ‘co-consider a non-CA city’ also
To continue he has had ex leaders of this party mounting an organised attack on him as a person not just as the leader, he has through all of that tried to keep the party on the same page not successfully sadly but his jobs first Brexit is something we should have strived for
What about me, what about us, do we need a fucking visa ?? :-/
EU leaders agree Brexit deal
Pete and one of the influencer supervisory board i hereby sentence you to name your cereal brand Brexit Puffs, so don't blame me, i voted for dr.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Happiest ppl with Brexit are the Arabs, Russia China.. A weakened EU &amp; Britain is to their advantage/interests
Diversion is what they do. Dead Oceans, soil, ecosystems, biodiversity collapse, mass extinction - all real threats. Climate change &amp; Armageddon brexit is distraction narrative for sheeple
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
Oppose it, and please oppose Brexit. If you want to get into government you must back a people’s vote and stand by what the people want. This time the vote will be made on people knowing the truth. True socialism is what you stand for so give the vote back to society.
In the shops for Christmas: Trivial Pursuit, Brexit edition 50,000 questions about trade, jobs, EU27 family members, but only 3 answers: - It's the will of the people - That's Project Fear! - You lost, get over it Time to stop playing games with people's lives. #peoplesVote
#Brexit scramble: #TheresaMay ‘will fail’ to seal immigration curbs in time to win vote
Here I am (costume-less) presenting this week's #FFS awards!
Do keep up! There is already a far right resurgence, discord &amp; distrust. The economic consequences of any #BREXIT will simply be grist to the mill of making poor people poorer &amp; the right stronger. #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
Please do...she is just digging the UK in deeper...her betrayal is off the scale...she is either mentally insane...or an utter crook, working for the EU!
Sleep walking the into an electoral disaster 1997 style. People will not forgive or forget. You obviously have no idea of the anger this betrayal of Brexit has generated.
Then why did you vote for brexit? Do you hate your grandchildren?
Right, so they get blackmailed to vote for the govt. Easy to believe these days
Jeremy Corbyn still refusing to back this #Brexit agreement, while promising to “block a no deal outcome” and put another plan on the table. All while Europe has ruled out any further negotiations. I can’t see how Labour can achieve what #Corbyn is promising in 4 months
Packing my bags #Brexit
Ironic. May eternally haunted by the number 48.
I'm a labour voter but what would you do different? Stop Brexit- now that would be a vote winner. Simple question. Will we be better off in or out of the EU and we now know the answer. We have to be IN
So our hospitals, service industries, agriculture and research collapses. This is about the narrow minded bigotry of the UKIP Conservative party.
To be fair, when Brexit was first discussed, should have just said, “This is shit”, and opposed it throughout.
Thanks, for helping me understand Brexit. A little..
If it gets as far as a vote, it will be voted through.
I'll take the no Brexit special please. I'm told it's unicorn free.
I’m sure knows that Croydon Central voted to leave and what happened to the last MP for the constituency who opposed Brexit.
Protests making the Poll Tax riots seem like park picnics would be ideal, but most people won't bother, resigning themselves to the situation by saying, "Well, it's what we thought would happen anyway. They were never going to let us leave." Remain have always known this. #Brexit
Fake Brexit Deal Alarm Bells Already Ringing! via
Yes, but, I'll get my Duty free back between Holyhead and Dublin. Won't I?
I don't want the May deal, a Mogg deal, remain, or crashing out. I want a progressive deal and a govt that invests MASSIVELY in green jobs and the public sector #Brexit #BackTheBrexitDeal ? No way
Theresa May is not a great Prime Minister. However she has been handed a poisoned chalice of an impossible Brexit to deliver. That she has failed is entirely down to the xenophobes and opportunists in her party who have put self interest before national interest. Shameful.
Remain = Direct say in reforming the EU May's Deal (aka Andrex Brexit, super soft) = Like staying but with no say No Deal = The worst of all outcomes, no say, no mate's rates Just put it back to the people. FFS. #Brexit
Brexit U-Turn – The hypocrisy of the ‘ultras’ mouthpiece #NoBrexit #PeoplesVote #GetTheToriesOut #MayMustGo #changeiscoming #JC4PM #GeneralElectionNow
As we approach the #meaningfulvote who would like to nominate a #snollygoster? #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Chris Johns: regional neglect is at the heart of populist Brexit backlash Disgruntled Leavers do not typically live in economically successful parts of the UK
#peoplesvote. So now the bus told the truth. If not underestimated the truth. We need a #hard #Brexit. And no #peoplesvote.
What did people say abour Brexit?
no, you are not understanding the question. brexit will not make things worse. it is rather a result of a process, the thing that you should do is not being a part of brexit discussion. this is theatre. play your part as not an actor but as the one rewriting the scenario ...
I’m not sad about leaving EU, DeadWomanWalking tells emotional European leaders. Well, hey lady, we won’t be said when you’re dead.
‘Brexit deal is a win:win scenario’
Yeah, I think I’ll pass on your version &amp; go with Martin Howe QC. Besides, it’s almost as if you’ve never seen how the EU operates, they are no strangers to overturning previously agreed law. Given the EJC is the final arbitrator of EU law, they can and do just that. #brexit
Deal politics. We heard lot about double game politics as he failed to catch none of thieves from Rajapaksa government. Now he have to give good reason for not doing his duties. Or if he acted as a protector of crooks? Answers!! #Brexit
Brexit will put a stop to that. Christmas (single) Market access will be ended, along with free movement of sausages - unless they hold a blue passport. Christmas markets for local Christmas people.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Angus....we voted to stay in the Uk....then we booted you out of office...are you aware of that?
They shouldn’t vote for it anyway, it’s a million miles from Brexit. It is Brino + +
BREXIT: This Brexit deal is the best available #Brexit #Referendum #News #Story #Breaking
The lack of maturity is startling. And then there’s uncontrollable bigotry from the latter. #Brexit
This would be a great chance for Britain (amidst Brexit) or France (“we need an EU Army”) to send a warship on a freedom of navigation exercise in the Sea of Azov.
Seems reasonable as long as the deal gets through #supportthedeal
Never was going to be Brexit from the moment that leave won. The civil service who actually run this country were never going to allow this to happen. Too much self interest at stake. Don’t ever believe we live in a democracy! Sick joke! #EU #BREXIT #DEMOCRACY
Stuff the deal’! Vote it down! It’s a Tory contrivance to shaft us all! #GetTheToriesOut #Brexit
The idea that it's BBC's fault is ludicrous. It was obvious that there would never be a nice "middle ground" Brexit from the EU and now it's really WTO vs Remain. WTO wasn't on the referendum so think we need a final peoples vote between the two.
Dear PM, as your 'deal' is not as good a deal for the UK as we already have as a member of the EU, why do you beg us to support it? It is clear now that we are far better off remaining in the EU. You need to rescind A50 asap. Stop Brexit.
She has no soul and her heart is made of ice. She has a severe pyschological issue with people she sees as foreign and her brexit was to stop them coming in and us being allowed out.
Beyond satire. PM who backed Remain writes letter to urge our support for a Brexit deal which is far worse than current EU membership. Why? Why? Why? Leaving on these terms is moronic.
#LeoVaradkar has done more than anyone to ensure a #NoDeal and will be personally responsible for wrecking the Irish economy. This is the consequence of friends falling out #idiot
Ok so you’re a Brexiteer who wants BREXIT at any cost, hasn’t thought through the implications of that decision and has no solutions for the problems it creates. You should join the ERG you’d fit right in.
Government in chaos as Northern Ireland Minister quits in protest at May's Brexit agreement
It's like karma suddenly noticed the UK's rich history of imperialism, war crime and corruption, and thought "How the fuck have I missed these miscreants?"
Or we could go with what the majority of the country want and that is Brexit.
Clean Brexit is pure fantasy #BrexitChaos #endthechaos
Consider that the pro No Deal DUP have sat on their backside advising on preparing for it, I honestly think now is the time for the UUP and PUP to pounce on this No Deal Brexit Scandal.
May asking us to back her brexit deal, immediately after throwing us under a bus.... Aye, nae bother buttercup
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
'Art. 185, which states a Northern Ireland Protocol ‘shall apply as from the end of the transition period’. Once the Protocol is in force, the UK cannot leave it except by ‘joint’ decision of the UK and the EU.'
A Lib Dem who claims to know something about principles, lol!
I don't advocate anything, I voted remain, but I respect the referendum result. And above all this must be respected and followed through. And as it is now, after 2 years of negotiating, the EU have proven they have no interest in helping the UK. So No Deal Brexit only option.
In the shadow of #brexit russia continues its aggression against Ukraine in the Azov sea.
What little credibility he had in the Brexit debate is shot. Bang. Gone.
So, again, how can Corbyn "end brexit"?
Millions? Have you seen the polls? Fact is that because of corbyns approach there is a decent chance of ending brexit (at least no deal and Mays deal) and ousting the Tories all in one go.
If I have to hear one more bit of crap from people moaning that are leaving. Grrrrrr, don’t know why EU and French are moaning. They never wanted us there anyway. I would have already cancelled the Direct Debit. #Brexit
My 7 year old daughter: "Daddy what is the European Union?" Once explained: "and we voted to #leave? Why would we want to leave?" Even she gets it. #Brexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
WTO now. The Brexit vote wasn't about a deal. #MayMustGo
Won't that be a nice Christmas present???
Liam Fox said it would be easy....oh dear..... #Brexit
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May's Brexit "betrayal" | BrexitCentral
Tories can't agree amongst themselves what Brexit looks like, but 52/48 after a flawed campaign is the "clear will of the people"...
Blame these traitors: Johnson, Leadsom, Mogg, Wigmore, Mercer, Banks, Hands, Davis, Farage, IDS, Fox, Redwood, Gove, Dacre, Murdoch, IEA Snowden, Trump, Koch, Bannon, Hintze, Odey, Ashcroft, Hoey, Patel, Jeremy Hosking, Edmiston, Peter Cruddas et al
It's also a very bad deal for 65m UK nationals who will be stripped of their rights as European Citizens. Why is Labour not speaking out about this? One would think FoM only applied to people from EU 27. We need to move to No Brexit at all.
Defiant Theresa May rebuilds shattered government as Brexit crisis eases
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit A game of blind mans bluff. Played it when I was younger. what is playing but the stakes are high, we have been here in the referendum. It cost a lot of jobs but not the economy call the bluff
Please do it. Give us the Christmas present the 99% of us want.
Could bring up #TheresaMay lying - yet again - but, frankly, it's her default position. She almost makes BoJo look honest. | #Tories #LiarInChief
Fishermen ‘betrayed’ after Brexit talks on policy end in stalemate | Business | The Guardian | via
Brexit me hard
I’m confused, if Corbin thinks it’s bad, logic tells me it must be good... my head hurts!
This nonsense Theresa May Brexit deal because 440k people in NI voted to remain and resort to terrorism if they didn't get their own way. After all, it was no less a person than Varadkar that said the terrorists would return. And May gave into the terrorist threat. Sad.
I am tired of hearing why I and 17.4m voted for Brexit. We all know that politicians don't tell the truth so why would we fall for all their promises? I voted BREXIT because the EU is corrupt and undemocratic, I voted for an end to free movement.
Even after it's done, the labels of Leave and Remain will still be there as we go through the fallout of Brexit and the woes it brings with it. This is a FANCIFUL call to unify by one who's ignored half of us for almost 2 years.
Brexit deal in the balance
I'm Professional WordPress theme Customization Website.I'm Ready for your work Best Service Given.I hope Your can Get good Service from me .I want to Give Best work Service for your.
My kind of pithy messaging ... 'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Labour cannot obtain a sensible deal. Cake. There is a pointless Brexit or a painful Brexit. Pick one or choose to remain and oppose all Brexit deals. #PeoplesVote
and the Brexit brigade are on Putin's payroll. Best time ever to harm Europe's safety.
The Economist | Free falling. A good (but long) read for anyone who thinks the impact of a hard Brexit is just “Project Fear”
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar
Hopefully . After a generation that still hates Margaret Thatcher premiership . The Tories have now given us a whole cabinet and ex cabinet full of Tories to hate for a further generation. Independence soon please.
Is the deal done? Our #Brexit experts consider this &amp; what to expect next in our latest #BeyondBrexit podcast, download and subscribe here: #BrexitDeal
WHY WON'T SUPPORT A #PEOPLESVOTE ???
Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Juncker
I am not a big fan of the EU but I think westminster policies from both parties over the years are equally as bad as whatever the EU forces us to do. So some days I wonder if brexit is just a distraction,
Or we can actually leave. #BrexitBetrayal
It’s all well and good being an armchair sports pundit but politics is a lot more complex and those armchair politics “experts” know nothing about Brexit, they listen to what they want to hear and none of them actually understand it at all!!
Things might change in Scotland if a hard Brexit is forced upon them. The same with NI where catholics now outnumber protestants. However things are different in Wales as there's been huge influxes of English people in recent times who naturally want to stay connected to England
See what happens with Brexit. If we Brexit I melt my subbuteos.
To avoid a dirty #Brexit, the Government could try a clean Brexit and after 41 years another referendum to ask the UK if they want to stay in (assuming the EU lasts another 10 years). The benefit of MrsMay's dirty slave Brexit is that the UK will only be slaves for about 10yrs
Alasdair....that is bollocks and I'm really surprised at you. Are you actually saying that people won't be able to visit or work in the EU after Brexit?
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
Liars , BBC Scotland reporter claims fishing access not part of any Brexit agreement, despite official document text indicating otherwise
UK should withhold the £39 billion until all agreements have been concluded #Brexit
It's not even through Parliament and Marcron is already waving his dick around over the backstop. #Brexit
If was #WestBerksNHS I would hang on to her. She will be difficult to replace post #Brexit Woman, 88, sues #NHS for age discrimination
The EU economy well be will fucked if we leave the EU. Brexit is undeliverable which is why Theresa May has had to surrender her "red lines" and the UK will be remaining in the Customs Union. What's the point if Brexit if the UK has to abide by EU regulations #PeoplesVoteNow
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
The Brexit deal is simply a damn-fool plan drawn up in response to the result of a referendum involving lies, illegality and foreign interference. - Absolutely
See see how this agreement does not meet Brexit or what you were voted in to implement. You must vote against it as you will be seen by your constituents as betraying that trust.
This ‘deal’ seems very similar to the Norway model but with the extra of immigration control. Not a fan of Brexit but I can’t really see what better deal would be possible which included staying in the trading bloc. Im actually surprised the EU caved in immigration control at all
you should try having an inflamed scrotum but being precluded from taking anti-inflammatory medications. Brexit ...well..
If the labels are not removed, can Brexit be returned within 14 days if it doesn’t fit?
I didnt say your comment was an injustice chap? .... Just for you to calm down. Just because I dissagree with Brexit ... Did I sware? WasI rude? Did I try to insult anyone? No .... You on the other hand .... As for being "trousered" haha good one.
nah, just acid attacks and regular stabbings brexit, state of northern ireland, etc UK isn't really any better
Brexit deal will herald a brighter future for Britain, declares May
Don't tell me what I voted for. I voted Leave and I think the Withdrawal Agreement is actually pretty reasonable. Hard Brexit is the worry.
Wales voted leave, and NI doesn't have a functioning parliament right now. Which is a whole other problem that's probably on hold until either the brexit disaster settles down or Ireland reunifies.
whilst we were wasting our time with Brexit. like russia wanted us to
Young lads treat the roads like a race track, that's why. All think they're Stirling bloody Moss these days. Granite Brexit needed.
Another nail in the #Brexit coffin. are you listening ?
Write to your mp and tell them to vote against brexit. If you don't tell him what to vote they will vote what they want
Extraordinary, but of course not surprising. The perpetrators of the Great Brexit Fiction should never be forgiven.
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
Bored of Brexit? Brussels is where it got interesting
why do the bbc not have a socialist voice on the program ??? balanced my arse !!!
Join us for witty banter and a light-hearted look at how we are all surviving Brexit so far with David Fitzgerald on Thursday 6th December #Bigbrexitbreakfast
...It's not over, till, ...God, My God with quill seal, ...Of His goodness overfill, ...My wondrous posterity assure still...! #Brexit
There is no compassion for the people, just selfish greed with more power for the EU. No one except PM and few remainers support this #brino deal, giving away our sovereignty and Gibraltar will rate as the worst deal in British history. #selfish #uncaring
Trending This Week: An Insight Into The Future Of EU Citizens’ Rights In The UK #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #europeanunion
The latest Parents &amp; Children of Divorce Daily! Thanks to #divorce #brexit
There seems to be a parallel with the South China Sea.
Who said I was in favour of Brexit? I follow facts.
Fake Brexit Deal Alarm Bells Already Ringing!
The British People want a General Election. #BrexitDeal #Brexit
I voted leave but this "deal" is the worst hybrid of remain and leave. It's neither one thing nor the other. Conservatives should have had the courage to put Brexit in the "too difficult" category instead of leaving the door open for Corbyn's Marxists.
I am not sure Brexit Cat feels there is anything to celebrate Professor…unless he was actually trying to blow up Parliament
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Ah well Russian warships have engaged with Ukrainian vessels in the Black Sea. That should take our minds off Brexit.
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
It’s almost as if Brexiters has no idea what Brexit meant.
Hi, will you be covering this?
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
2019 should be fun for Europe: Anti-EU parties on the rise, all change at the ECB, a new unknown in Germany. And first comes Brexit. carstenbrzeski casts a knowing eye:
And if by some miracle Blair won a GE as leader he would cancel Brexit to the sound of centrist cheers and adulation then carry on with the tory policy of drowning the poor, occasionally taking his foot off their heads for a few seconds. #BlueLabour #Torylight #NothingHasChanged
Article 50 cannot be extended - EU can't make up the rules as it goes along.
There are 4 countries in the UK not one! Your deal forces 2 of them out of the EU without the consent of their people so any Brexit is unacceptable. Answer that? You won’t because you can’t. But this deal will ensure the break up of the U.K. for which you will go down in history
Pinning the deal on the #Brexit donkey Makes it all seem much more sensible than it actually is…
None of your biotech stuff will be happening in the UK with out some serious Brexit damage limitation. And how are you going to balance China outside the EU? One of the problems with Brexit is there's no plan to deal with much of your list, and fewer levers.
Devastating is not the word I would have used. Naive, or even perhaps gullible. Yet STILL she's not deposed. Pathetic! #Brexit
Isis is the continuation of Al Quaida in many ways. Things haven’t started in 2003. Was he badly wrong about Iraq? Yes, he was. Is he right about Brexit? Yes, he is. Did he win three gen. elec. in a row? Yes. Will Corbyn ever become the PM? The Jury is out. These are the facts.
Remainer, No Brexit.
Unfortunately the ones who need to read this blog, will rather carry on in their blissful ignorance.
Multi-millionaire Roland the rat Rudd. Brother of tory Amber
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
1) it is effectively a blind brexit which leaves all the substantive arrangements for the future open for negotiation after we have committed to exit the union. 2) it potentially locks the country into a quasi customs union because of the Northern Irish deal. /3
brexit #bbcqt luciana berger #owenjones john mcdonnell #EnoughIsEnough #TimeForChange #brexit #Antisemitism #FitForTheFuture #Corbyn #CorbynForPM #lvrj #ziocons
will they be rehearse meetings with your own supporters, or will you come to my city outside one of the foodbanks, and stand there why we ask you questions, if the Brexit has any bearing on our situation..
THAT'S ALREADY HAPPENED TESS 'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected - May
Breaking: Brexiter asks for Ireland's help with #Brexit In other news Brexiters demand Republic of Ireland exits EU with UK In other news Brexiters say NI should just go reunify with Ireland In other news Brexiters say "GFA? Who cares?"
I always thought that that was what she wanted, to destroy hard-earned workers' rights. I think the Brexit referendum was smoke 'n mirrors for the stripping away of all our rights and the lowering of our wages...
May’s focus shifts to hard sell after sealing Brexit deal via
It's coming Home, it's coming Home Theresa May accused of “major cover-up” over Brexit donor Opps #NoDeal #NoBrexit #PeoplesVote
I continue to work on the basis that the United Kingdom is soon going to reject the Brexit nonsense and will continue in its privileged membership of the European Union. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
I agree Oliver. However, talking to people, Brexit isn't the number one priority. People are rightly concerned about levels of crime and disorder, and our party is badly letting our communities down on this issue. We're loosing the battle with universal credit too.
The UK role with brexit is a part of the long term plan weakening the Eu/ Germany as its political and financial engine. This dynamics plays through centuries,with roots from the WW1,2&amp;even earlier. with the the US&amp;global debts someone has to pay the price(russia/Germany
Your brexit letter &amp; list of reasons to back your 'deal' are the most ridiculous works of mis-representation, lies and fiction - calling for people to 'get behind' something that so clearly damages future prosperity &amp; quality of life for most (not rich) uk citizens is shameful...
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU
They don't want to spend anymore time with you in charge, or Brexit being done.
No deal, (It was always going to come to this). Tear up the Withdrawal Agreement. I know some people are fed up and just want Brexit over, but we cannot exchange in this kind of nonsense. Every country will try it on.
Superb reply to St Theresa of Hostile Enivronments bs letter
Watch "big-bad-Russia" surface again in the media over the next 2 weeks. Fear of Russia has been a button the federalists have pushed since the creation of ESCC in 1951 (the precursor to the EU). Propaganda overdrive is coming. #WTO #BREXIT
The Northern Irish party propping up British Prime Minister Theresa May’s government said it would vote against her Brexit withdrawal agreement, which its deputy leader said would leave Britain in a “pitiful and pathetic place”.
How’s Brexit even real? Just cut the country in half lol
Ian Hudson, CEO of the MHRA, will step down in September 2019. He cited the country’s withdrawal from the European Union as a key factor. #Brexit
Thick as Brexit, come and call a leaver that to their face and your entitled little feet wouldn’t touch the ground you snivelling little toad
Stopped Brexit is the opposite of democracy #CantChangeDefinitionsToSuit
Sunday news (non-Brexit)- Swiss reject proposition to elevate domestic law above international law, 66% against. And 'cow horn initiative' (increased subsidies to farmers who let cow horns grow) defeated, 55% against (from ) -
Well my I counter staying or going re #Brexit with The Damned - Smash It Up Parts 1 &amp; 2 via and may I say were right on point Friday night playing #O2ShepherdsBushEmpire
couldn't agree more Ben
I think the conspiracy theory had it that the Russians wanted Brexit, in order to make us weaker... now they are trying to undermine it? So difficult to keep up these days.
Rotterdam and the Brexit effect
Me too... most of us have changed our minds. I no longer see the sense in this Brexit it would be a huge mistake. I want a people’s vote.
(And she's said this *repeatedly*. Citizens of Nowhere etc. - I'm still v. worried she might put this into law post-Brexit!)
Do you have even the tiniest ounce of self awareness?
Excellent article.
Make no mistake. The real Labour party is a pro Brexit party. Just look at what they really think, say, and in truth want. At least the truth is out.
'Art. 185, which states a Northern Ireland Protocol ‘shall apply as from the end of the transition period’. Once the Protocol is in force, the UK cannot leave it except by ‘joint’ decision of the UK and the EU.'
#England and #Europe plunge into chaos When #TheresaMay’s #Brexit deal fails, #Corbyn even bigger risk 4 #UK &amp; #EU #France #YellowVest protests re #tax huge #Italy budget and #bank woes #Stocks, #bonds and oil falling. Exciting! #MeToo #Trump #CNN
Yes that’s it. Vote down the deal. Move no confidence vote in Commons. Win GE. negotiate a better Brexit. Done.
'Look at the HORROR!' Tony Blair SAVAGED by Andrew Marr in tense second Brexit vote row
As &amp; accepted £1bn #bribe from #TheresaMay to support her #Brexit deal, does that now mean they will pay it back to the #UK #TaxPayers as they are going to #ScupperTheDeal?
#TheresaMay warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ #Brexit will mean keeping #EU free movement
Backing the Brexit deal is actually backing Remain that’s how corrupt this government is .
The Conservative Party is toast whatever happens. You chose to inflict Brexit on us. Only now are you beginning to realise it will be a disaster, whatever the variant.
If I had to name the two Labour politicians who've really impressed me the most during the whole Brexit debacle, I'd say: Yvette Cooper &amp; David Lammy Sure you've got your own ideas.
get those 'no confidence' letters in and deliver the people's Brexit...
I think itlikely the EU leaders wrote Mrs May’s Brexit Plan!
Good time to re-read ...
Brexit is not going to happen. People's vote on the final deal is increasingly looking like an inevitability.
London Sun 9th Dec. Brexit Betrayal March.
Truly the worst , messed up the police and when given the country to manage made a total pigs breakfast of it .how on earth does she survive,political class seriousely scared of a centre right leader who will put U.K. first #BrexitBetrayal I truly feel devastated .
May's deal is not Brexit. No Brexit is not Brexit. No Deal it is. PS what you call 'no deal' is actually normal trading under WTO.
hey your Brexit Quiz is faulty. It told me I had a clash between "no hard border in Ireland" &amp; "leave the single market," except I chose stay in SM (I even re-did quiz to be doubly sure &amp; got same outcome!)
We won’t because a no deal is disliked in even bigger numbers. The games up Nige. The Pontius Pilate plan is in play. May will wash her hands of Brexit once the deal is voted down and the fate of the uk will be given back to the people. By GE or #PeoplesVote
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
Brexiteer Tim Martin, the Chairman Of Wetherspoons, is coming to my home town to talk to his customers about the benefits of a No Deal Brexit. No thanks
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Briefing by #SE #Löfven following the Special mtg on #Article50 #Brexit #Diplomacy140
- why do you think that would agree to the EU "deal" There is another option &amp; that is no Brexit! &amp; are determined to take the UK to the brink of bankruptcy to satisfy tax avoiding, millionaire, Tory backers! The people will pay!
Of course the eu leaders have agreed the brexit deal, it fucks us up the arse , dry !
So you are in rapid Brexit because it will bring more immigrants to the country? Cos stopping FoM doesn’t open the doors to the rest of the world. Are you also against TM policy of reducing net migration to economically damaging levels?
in your article in the most recent copy of the Spectator, you cite David Trimble in order to defend your ultra-English view that Brexit doesn’t damage the GFA. D.T backed Brexit and is not an impartial citation — this is literally below university level citing.
In sadness, EU leaders approve Brexit deal
Remember that Tusk said that Brexit process could be stopped at any time? A bit later Corbyn said he wanted "a better Brexit." Why not No Brexit?
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Not so much 'sunny uplands' but more like forest fires ignited by Brexit.
Slimy Umunna, the most cowardly of MP's, bottled his chance of the leadership of the Labour party, is on the same level as B.liar.
#Brexit now, it's a done deal.
There is no compassion for the people, just selfish greed with more power for the EU. No one except PM and few remainers support this #brino deal, giving away our sovereignty and Gibraltar will rate as the worst deal in British history. #selfish #uncaring
Preposterous nonsense from Liddington .Mrs May’s Dodgy Deal is the result of her Red Lines . Which in turn are product of her fixation on immigration,and removing our right to Freedom of Movement. Everything else flows from this narrow, nasty obsession. First Windrush now Brexit
Brexit is just a sideshow. A bigger danger for the European Union looms from the east | CBC News
True to form.
Who was James I supposed to be in that #DoctorWho #Brexit analogy? Boris?
While the World slept the four horsemen of the apocalypse arrived in human form: Putin = War Trump = Conquest of morality by #stupidity and #hate Tories = Death of their country by #austerity &amp; #Brexit Bolsonaro = Famine due to worsening of #ClimateChange
Only thing I'd say you need to be fairer on is your presmption Labour will do Jack to make things any better. The country will be just as skint under any brexit supporting Labour govt as under Tory one. Things will get no better for public services
40 reasons for no deal
Withdrawal agreement negotiations are over. Post #brexit agreement negotiations will raise the issue of Freedom of Movement again. Next time round any agreement will go through a national parliamentary ratification process.
Away from #Brexit &amp; some serious security developments being reported in Ukraine.
Not even this risible Brexit deal is as potentially damaging to the country as Labour's offering.
#BREAKING While everyone in the UK is tuned to #Strictly #ImACeleb and #Brexit, major escalation is taking place in Black Sea - #Russia has captured 3 #Ukraine vessels amid heavy fire, casualties reported. This could turn bad very quickly. Also #Russia resumes strikes on #Syria
I'm not bashing America. I am anti-Trump/anti-GOP. My Italian friends were under Berlusconi and my English friends told me I wouldn't believe what's going on with Brexit and no one was laughing at them either. We have a buffoon in charge-I do laugh at him.
You, tory, own Your tory #brexit - nothing to do with Scotland at all. The disaster is all yours!
Meanwhile, in other news, World War III could be about to break out in Eastern Europe. But now let's back to Theresa May trying to sell us a #Brexit deal that's acceptable to nobody. #WhileYouWereLookingTheOtherWay #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Believe what you want. Corbyn can't stop brexit. Stop whining and blame the Tories for this mess
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
You can only conclude that leaders want Brexit to happen and for May to own it. The greater the political and economic chaos, the greater the revolutionary opportunity - makes no bones about it.
May’s plea on her Brexit deal provokes passionate responses
Right #torytwit on saying what a geat deal has got
Taking back control!!
They might be forced into one though. Any leader post May would be onto a hiding to nothing if they didn't call a GE. There would be Brexit paralysis.
I am Specialist of #Autocad2d #Floor_Plan #PDF_to_CAD and many more design in Autocad. You can Hire me at fiver
Theresa May gtfo
They voted for the "keep brownie out" Brexit.
I found the Brexit dividend. It was lying amongst all the other claimed benefits of Brexit. Luckily I had my camera.
This
"It is never a smart idea to tell voters that they have been fools. Even, perhaps especially, when they have been."
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
God Save Our Queen caused Brexit
Does Majestic Wine Have The Right Business Strategy For Brexit And Beyond?
What I am saying is They would want a referendum first and in election would probably insist on full CU SM! It wouldn’t give Corbyn the brexit he desires to his agenda
Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means
If you want a loser to sympathise with, choose the cows.
...It's not over, till, ...God, My God with quill seal, ...Of His goodness overfill, ...My wondrous posterity assure still...! #Brexit
It shows how vulnerable Brexit itself has made the UK
Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit - #Gibraltar
Balrogs to Brexit
Stop wasting your time Nicola. She is not listening, she never will. The woman is hell bent on hanging on to power even if it means the complete destruction of the UK. She doesn't give a damn for Scotland and never will. Call the referendum now.
If you’re a Nurse in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
EU has said this is the only deal on the table. Corbyn wanting to renegotiate has missed the boat. It's this, nothing or remain. That's the only options.
If you want a no deal Brexit then leave the Brexiteers to negotiate one. If you want a sensible compromise then Remainers have to accept the result and join the debate.
Yes, but how does it solve the Brexit mess?
Is anyone else more interested in the #symbology of May's dog chain necklace choice? #BrexitDeal #Brexit #Chained_up #BREXIT #BrexitBetrayal #DoAsYoureTold #NoFreedomForBritain #Owned
And do you think that the balance between Brexiteer and Remainer politicians is enough for Brexit voters to think that we would leave the Norway option at some point?
#Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal': - Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is… #News #Politics
'Bollocks to #Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn: - 'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to… #News #Politics
Leaving but remaining is not leaving. This deal is not a brexit deal it’s a remainers final stand.
40 reasons for no deal
There is no compassion for the people, just selfish greed with more power for the EU. No one except PM and few remainers support this #brino deal, giving away our sovereignty and Gibraltar will rate as the worst deal in British history. #selfish #uncaring
May called me 'citizen of nowhere'. She negotiated to get me less rights than EU wanted to give me. She stood by as her hard right mates called me traitor, saboteur and enemy of the people, and now she wants me to join in the 'unity'? Theresa, eff off. Shove brexit up your bum.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Will be good to hear the popping sound of this governments head as it emerges from the arse of Brexit and starts to concentrate (hopefully) on whats going on within #UK...
It's just more Brexit headaches. The British politicians are doing all they can to screw everything up at the moment.
#Brexit or #Bread4Babies ( all your fault by the way #tabloids)
Please stop this. You are lying to the electorate. There will be no Brexit dividend. What we have is better than what you’ve negotiated. Just because you appear not to like foreigners doesn’t make it right. JUST STOP IT NOW
"No deal brings chaos. May's deal brings chaos. No #Brexit brings chaos. These last few weeks have accelerated the crisis in the party, &amp;, happily, the destruction of the Tories cannot be ruled out." Let's dare to hope the sadistic Tories will implode.
We need a people’s vote to legitimise overturning Brexit. People vote in general elections on a range of issues. However Labour could Square this circle by committing to a referendum to include a remain option and would win.
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
The country needs a new prime minister. And, by the sound of it, a new Home Secretary #MayMustGo #brexit #StopTheBrexitDeal
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
And now Europe is completely split over it! You have the Italian crisis, controlling borders was a major reason for brexit, and you have turmoil in Germany!
Out of curiosity, is the leading with this "development"? Right at the moment when May's deal is being massacred left, right and centre! #BrexitShambles #Brexit #GTTO
EU set to endorse Brexit, but hard work lies ahead
THIS IS THE ONLY PORTION OF OUR GOVERNMENT WITH ITS HEART IN A TRUE BREXIT. DUP boss Arlene Foster warns Theresa May she could lose her job if she presses ahead with Brexit deal
"Eu advocates are politicians, academics &amp; bureaucrats dreaming dreams no one shares. " ......and idiots that didn't know what they were voting for...16 million of the window lickers!
Latest Brexit polls show remain leading by a margin of 56-44. In other news, 44% of people chugging Jagerbombs at my local Spoons don't expect to have a hangover in the morning.
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
I'm at risk of suffering I.B.S. Imminent Brexit Stitch Up.
Anyone who thinks the centre-left needs to “get a handle on immigration” in order to defeat the rise of the far-right clearly hasn’t heard of New Labour. Let's take a short journey through the 90s and 2000s...
Real life owl having a chat within ear shot. Rude that he’s not speaking English in Brexit Britain tbh.
Well said Brexit is a racist endeavour - Labour should be fighting it tooth and bone rather than supinely stating ‘people have legitimate concerns’
Donald Tusk , Jean Claude Junker and Michel Barnier on signing off of UK-EU #Brexit 'deal' by EU leaders (25Nov18) #BBCNews #SkyNews
Mrs May is the Brexit Killer Queen.
You said he can do things I pointed out he has, none of which end brexit.
EU signs off on deal for Britain at Brexit summit in Brussels | The New Daily
"The PM has been clear that she will defend UK fishing interests robustly in that negotiation, just as she has in the Brexit Deal" Hahaha. Unbelievable. The only thing she's done robustly is lie through her teeth for months whilst keeping a straight face.
Brexit is not going to happen. Trust me.
I had Brexit supporting family visiting last week. They were all so impressed and happy with our life living in Europe...I reminded them that we are the very immigrants they oppose in the UK. No reply.
EU agrees 'best possible' #Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
There is no compassion for the people, just selfish greed with more power for the EU. No one except PM and few remainers support this #brino deal, giving away our sovereignty and Gibraltar will rate as the worst deal in British history. #selfish #uncaring
Maybe. But Donald Tusk put it more poetically.
Never thought I'd ever retweet piers. Strange times indeed.
Stop actually being against N. Ireland in it's entirety please.We are a unique area that the majority of people wants to work in unity &amp; bridge the 6 counties despite everything that is going on with brexit. That's a ridiculous comment.Of course every village is not feasible.
“EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home”. If you like your Brexit, you can keep you Brexit; and your payments to Brussels will go down. Sound familiar?
I’m guessing when the #Brexit no deal panic buying starts it will be in stores and the let their chums know it’s all gone to shit before the news goes public. Marquess of Queensberry Rules in the canned aisle of upmarket grocers will be the signal
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
From this to the we must end FoM to the Northern MPs who are pro brexit to placate the right. Labour can and will do lots of terrible things if they feel it keeps them or wins them votes due to FPTP in part
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain
Wait… so this Brexit deal might actually work?
We voted to LEAVE. We didn’t vote to be sucked into a deal that still ties us to the EU. We want freedom in this world we live in.
What’s the official position of remainiacs on dodgy data adorning buses? I thought they were against it?
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
I'm Professional WordPress theme Customization Website.I'm Ready for your work Best Service Given.I hope Your can Get good Service from me .I want to Give Best work Service for your.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
What should happen? #brexit
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
So you are in favour of Brexit because it will bring more immigrants to the country? Cos stopping FoM doesn’t open the doors to the rest of the world. Are you also against TM policy of reducing net migration to economically damaging levels?
If the EU's backing the #BREXIT deal, then it's garbage . . .
Swiss have rejected a #Brexit style proposition by 2:1 seems only #ToryCivilWar wants #BrexitChaos
Ok Arlene we all know the DUP got a large cash payout to support government last time ££ how much do you want this time?
If there is a “people’s vote”, the only options should be The Withdrawal Agreement or no deal. We’ve had a people’s vote. And leave won, with or without a deal.
It’s hard to decide which is the worst thing in media at the moment. Trump or Brexit. Both total fuck ups!
This a is a poem i wrote about brexit. dont know if it will open but please try
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
40 reasons for no deal
Actually Labour is losing a lot of support and a lot of members because of Corbyn and his ambiguity over Brexit. We need a new leader who can lead and who listens to Conference decisions. Labour should be wiping the floor with Tories, it is not. Disaster!!
'Art. 185, which states a Northern Ireland Protocol ‘shall apply as from the end of the transition period’. Once the Protocol is in force, the UK cannot leave it except by ‘joint’ decision of the UK and the EU.'
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
She is one of the few to be coming out of the whole sorry Brexit affair with some principles and integrity. Respect to
shame you took the limelight off all the runners at charity run today by commentating about Brexit and Teresa May.
No heart. No soul. No deal.
(Ironically?) These people are making hard Brexit much more likely
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Awesome!
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Don’t underestimate the unknown. While we know the current situation regarding the UK, EU and Brexit, many speculate this will weaken Britain. Who knows what deals the UK may broker with the US. DC would love a greater foothold in Europe, and this may give it the opportunity…
#BrexitBollox - My new favourite song: #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Confused About Brexit? Here’s What You Need to Know
I am far more fearful of Corbyn than any Brexit outcome.
The latter . Just peddling a different edition of the False Prospectus for Brexit .
Will take prudent fiscal management and control of Scotland's own finances and levers every day of the week over Hammond's fantasy budget, current estimated losses of £26bn per YEAR to the UK economy plus the £39bn Brexit divorce bill.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
The Net is Closing in on Arron Banks as Theresa May is accused of “major cover-up” over Brexit donor #nobrexitatall #NoDeal #NoBrexit #PeoplesVote #MayMustGo #DrainTheTorySwamp #LockThemUp
I've never seen a country pursue jumping off a cliff with such fatalistic, almost fanatical devotion as Brexit.
So long, #Brexit Tessie, and thanks for all the fish!
Me too. Let's hope 7 Dec 2018 High court sends Banks to jail, anulls A50 and stops Brexit. Also UK Prime Minister Theresa May belongs to jail for her misconduct in a public office supporting Brexit based on criminal fraud. I am not sad. Fuck you.
It seems reasonable to assume the death-toll will be lower...
Yes #WTO might give us a few painful months but nothing compared to the pointless #EU
Theresa May to revive THIS Brexit deal if MPs vote down plan, Lord Lilley says
Seriously though who the fuck is this brexit guy
Bruce I love you, but you own an airline and you're the most successful metal vocalist in the world so forgive me if we're coming from entirely different places here.
The Brexit agreement was agreed unanimously by the EU27. Labour will not make this deal “better”. Respect the people and the people might vote you back in
I can’t wait for Brexit to be killed in Parliament early next year so we can get back to disassociating ourselves from these Observer-reading plonkers as far as possible.
NOT OF BREXIT FOR UNITED KINGDOM ! ORDER OF EMPRESS CHRISTIANE PERTINAX!
“What unites this cacophonous marketplace [of possible futures, but no really alternatives] is the absolute assumption that the deal will fail in December.” May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Welcome to the Mad house of distraction
May revives Brexit dividend 'lie' in bid to sell deal to public and MPs - BRAVO Huff Post for saying it like it is! How un-BBC! xx
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR Brexit!! THEY deserve to have the "deal" that was made. This is horrible for your country to be betraying your citizens!!
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
DUP may back Norway-style Brexit deal, says Arlene Foster
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Silly experts - Outflows from UK-focused equity funds since Brexit vote hit $1tn | Financial Times
What’s is even more comical is Spain getting petty of Gibraltar. A nation that voted to remain British and Spain think they can overturn that in time. If they voted against the brexit agreement how about we stop vistjnv Spain. See how they cope with tht economically.
Criminality of Brexit......
Here it is, for the record. Your credit is on the first comment btw, it wouldn`t fit on the post. I don`t get many likes on twitter either. I do a bit better on facebook and your comment is one of the most popular posts on my page. I think it nails Brexit, well done!
Fucking sake it's like brexit spam from number 10 these days... Its going to fail.... No amount of social media coverage is going to change that ...
Reports coming in its the fault of #brexit
EU leaders have agreed to Theresa May’s Brexit deal. They’ve also changed the locks, taken out a restraining order, and bought a big dog.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Bruised and battered May begs for public’s support on reviled Brexit deal — RT UK News
Japan Inc. fears a 'no-deal Brexit' and harm to Europe operations
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Andrew Marr's interjection in this is utterly bizarre. Why say "the English, in particular, have, never been ruled by anyone else" when it is demonstrably false (Vikings, Romans, Normans etc.) and has nothing to do with the UK prospering as part of the EU's single market?
brexit! will set the UK back 30 years
HOOOOOLD #scotref #brexit
State the version of Brexit which all sides voted for &amp; we can now agree on &amp; maybe we’ll get behind it. Truth is, so many alternatives were on the table in 2016 that delivery was impossible.
Caroline, you're siding with Johnson, Rees-Mogg et al by supporting Brexit. You betrayed people like me and are trying to appease the Far Right. That's why I left the country. Shame on you!
I would certainly add to that. is always impressive. She would have made a great prime minister.
Considering she has no heart, I’m expecting a lacklustre effort on her part.
You sound as robotic as Theresa May. I've still not seen a single refutation of the points raised by Martin Howe QC. Care to try? Or are you going to keep repeating the government's dishonest line?
Odds on this cupcake becoming brexit minister
Correct,
They actually mockec us when we said exactly that to that exact person and her ilk. It’s like we’ve awakened in an alternate universe with Brexit, so frustrating!
Think I might have found a positive out of the #Brexit debacle! Delighted to see the former ‘silent majority’ getting fully engaged and challenging the self-seeking chancers, in and out of #Parliament, who are trying to deny a #FinalSay or even #Remain
Jeez... I don’t envy Mrs May. I fail trying to get a 3 year old to leave the house, never mind getting a nation to leave the EU. #Brexit #EuropeanUnion #uk
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Theresa May to revive THIS Brexit deal if MPs vote down plan, Lord Lilley says
It is better that the UK leave with a signed agreement with the EU than a hard BREXIT without anything signed. We are old partners and allies, not enemies.
There is no good Brexit there never was this is it.
Brexit was a dumb idea. Listen to nationalist and you get fucked every time.
Better than no deal, but not better than no Brexit. Please address this!
Welcome to Brexit, now please drink your own piss.
Dont bother...usual extreme right wing neoliberal bullshit from this opaquely funded lobby group...40 yrs of this neoliberal economic bullshit and only big business and small group wealthy elites benefit..time to end this shite..#bbcnews #skynews #c4news #SocialistSunday #Brexit
Scotland will pay £7billion before 2022 for a bad Brexit deal we didn't vote for. That could build 120,000 council houses (3,636 in every council area in Scotland.) The price we're paying for this bad #Brexit could literally solve the housing crisis. #DissolveTheUnion #indyref2
Its not 'no deal' Its "WTO deal" .... infinitely better than this sell out has orchestrated. Theresa May has the reverse midas touch ... what she touches turns to shite ... police service, brexit, conservative party etc ...
NO. This is NOT Brexit &amp; NOT what the British people voted for. There now needs to be a FULL enquiry conducted by the ERG into how the Brexit negotiations have been handled the British people are being SCAMMED
via EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May Reuters World News
And so say all of us. #Leavers and #Remainers united.
Says it all, doesn't it. And still not a single, tangible benefit of leaving from the PM or anyone else. NOT ONE!
BREXIT
EU #leaders still hope for post-Brexit fishing access #makeMoneyOnline #news
Quite a handy little look through what Brexit is and where we are at the moment. - BBC News
EU-UK Brexit agreement: Here are the key points - Fox Business
I'm no fan of Theresa, I dislike her party and everything they stand for and I hate Brexit but as a scholar of Real Politik I think she's played a blinder. She's got the only deal we're likely to get past EU leaders and I think a lot of labour MPs will back it.
why not use your platform to provide a brexit benefit each day? you may get the 48% on board if you did and sway public opinion your way and bring us all united again.
May urges public to 'get behind' Brexit deal
She's achieved what most of us already knew, that the only deal we were likely to get was to be worse than staying in but not as catastrophic as totally opting out. The Labour party is paralysed by its Brexit voting base and JRM and his nutjob mates have failed their coup
If only people had said this before the vo.... Oh wait.
While you’re about it, can you expose wrongdoing relating to Brexit please? Expose lies, deceit, treason etc. ASAP and before the dodgy agreement with the EU is ratified?
Mmm disagree. You've been speaking to the wrong PV advocates. The nation is wholly entitled to vote leave again. Just that there's so more #brexit information out there now, so the People's vote will be the political equivalent of this safeguard:
EU get £39bn, we lose our rebate, NIreland, Gibralter, fishing rights, lock us in and all we get is bullshit #Brexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Kind of an unexpected response to the #UnitedKingdom-#EuropeanUnion #Brexit deal from #Hungary's #Orban - no EU lover: #Europe #Leave
I mean, there is a reasonable case both ways. Labour having focused on economic issues over the Brexit divide has definitely helped preserve a traditional left v right politics while most Western countries have increasingly drifted to globalism v nativism
What did the people vote for? Because her deal is Brexit. Now it's not everyone's Brexit but it's impossible to make everyone happy. But you know as you keep saying it's democracy.
Should I do a pointless poll about creatin a poll? #brexit #tories #uk
Pointless or painful Brexit
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
At 10pm on 29th March, Labour may finally decide to support a #PeoplesVote. The waiting game isn't fun to play when people's livelihoods are on the line. #Brexit
This Wednesday, Bolton Councillors will debate two motions on Brexit. One is a motion to support the People's Vote and the other is against giving Bolton residents a final say on Brexit. Please write to your councillor - contact details are found at
Brexit the can of worms that should never have been opened
With #brexit seems Britain is like the man who just cannot decide if to go out or stay in and spends endless years and deliberations trying to choose which?
You do realise the DUP did not receive any money. That money went into the existing Stormont House agreement programme. 17.4 million people are happy the DUP is standing up for Brexit. No other party is.
Another hollow sentence (if true, dangerous): "our European friends will always be our allies in the fight against terrorism and organised crime". 1. What if 1 of your 'European friends' turns to organised crime? 2. #Brexit is the result of organized crime. Ask the EU to help!
They cannot have their cake and eat it - they must back it or walk. They will not fool the brexit ultras and the May loyalists will not forgive them for attempting to be a cabinet within a cabinet.
Well all i can say heather is, after this debacle of a show over brexit, the lies, the false information just the down right deceit, and thats not even touched the muslim problem, they need to do something drastic to unite tories under a traditional Tory banner!
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
People who voted Brexit wants a Britain that is completely independent and able to chart its own destiny for the long term
The best sort of Anarchy in the UK, where the grown-ups have had enough of the Brexiteers and Lexiteers. 25-11-2018: 'Theresa May, Jeremy Corbyn and Boris...
Please read this. If fully enforced then Brexit is made redundant by existing legislation and your own argument.
I’m not saying that prominent pro-brexit supporters haven’t said some pretty dumb things in their time, but saying that a leave vote had 57 options and meant staying in the SM and CU is just blatantly false. If they were true then the message didn’t get to 52% of the electorate.
At no time have i been confident in Brexit. I can't help but agree here, there doesn't seem to be much option other than to break free from a UK hellbent on damaging the relationship of all 4 countries in it.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum.
Vast majority of Lab members are Remain. Add to that the increasing Tory realisation that Brexit has reduced sovereignty and GDP and Labour will inevitably go for a new ref on the deal. Including a Remain option. May and Corbyn are political zombies.
DUP pretty much stands counter to everything I believe, but gotta give them props for what’s probably gonna be a single-handed torpedoing of Brexit.
Fyi ' I am up for moaning like this like crazy for at least the next 40 years. After all, I had to listen to the Leave whiners for that long so I will at least give as good as I got in revenge for what you have done
Special 50p coin expected to mark Brexit October 29, 2018 in #WorldNews via
And what may well result in a pulling of their C&amp;S with the Tories, meaning May gets ousted and a likely Labour gov which, hopefully, either calls for another referendum or just cancels Brexit outright.
Theresa May will probably go down in history as one of Britain’s worst PMs. She has done absolutely nothing but Brexit, which is a mess in and of itself.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum- complete wrong call.
sure great idea, get the person people are most likely to disbelieve to speak for the side you want to undermine, excellent pro brexit tactics there from the beeb
Theresa May negotiated the #Brexit deal you guys had voted for. No one forced Britain out of the EU. This is a self inflicted wound. UKIP lied to you about how this works, yet you bought into it, while others warned of the consequences. Now stop whining and own it.
Everyone needs to read this article
have to and will take a 1997 style electoral defeat at next election. Betrayed us on Brexit and now to sign UN migration pact while pretending to control borders. Devious beyond words.
I liked a video EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News -
Damn brexit...
You’re absolutely correct. Crime, high street decline and the cost of living are often the topics I hear raised alongside migration. We need a new economic settlement following Brexit which really does build a country that works for everyone.
Portend
No deal is brexit. Simples
An mature gentleman on LBC is comparing Theresa May's behaviour to Lord Halifax's appeasement of Nazi Germany. He's excited about the yellow vests in France, as I knew these people would be. They are a perfect vessel for every grievance, just like Brexit.
No! MRP analysis by Focaldata for Best for Britain &amp; HOPE not hate today reveals *all constituencies* (HINT: yours included!) in England, Scotland and Wales now back the public having a final say on Brexit. #FinalSay (Populus samples: 8,154 people polled 24/10/18 – 06/11/18.)
Indie is only a matter of time now...any brexit makes sure of that
Nonsense. Where is our sovereignty? Sold down the river by you and all the other elites who don't want Brexit. We will fight you ever inch of the way to get what we voted for. #ToriesAreToast #MayMustGoNow
I try not to get political on here (mainly as I could rant about all the parties and their policies) but if May is wanting the public to back her deal on Brexit then no chance. Also how do you think we'll back this if we aren't allowed a 2nd referendum now we know what Brexit is?
This is worse than lies on a bus. Let's brexit
instead of risking getting wrecked why UK doesn't just simply #remain instead of a dramatic #Brexit ? I am a simple man, not criticizing just asking #BrexitChaos
May spoke about the need for compromises on Brexit
More likely Brexit will quietly fizzle out next year.
May spoke about the need for compromises on Brexit
And if it is imposed on us, we shall FIGHT
And now we present Brexit, already in progress. #Brexit #TheresaMay
May spoke about the need for compromises on Brexit
Amazing times - agreeing with !
alla... to gegonos oti meta the official brexit... tsipras gives advices to Italy... can be intepretated as EU weakness... fear! Forza Italia!
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
So, looks like it's Brexit checkmate for Labour. EU totally clear the exit deal will not be renegotiated no matter who's in government. That just leaves May's awful deal or no deal or no Brexit.
Fuck off .. this whole Brexit shit show has been purposefully misdealt with because May and her pathetic Govt. never wanted it. This pathetic try at fooling the public in the last six months ignoring any work on it for 2yrs is just laughable.
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? The guy gives me the creeps and I've always thought he was dangerous #Brexit
Perhaps you should have thought this through before embarking on this wholly reckless endeavour. Our current position is entirely predictable and the consequence of the Brexit campaign build on lies, false and unrealistic promises and a speculative and risky worldview!
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Kinda like Corbyn and Mays version of Brexit
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Tell you how not to sell out Northern Ireland (Strong Remain) and Fishing Communities, Stop Brexit.
Piss off! "Theresa May asks the British people to back her over Brexit deal"
We’re always being told by Brexiters to ‘believe in Britain ‘ . Well , chums here’s your chance to show that belief. Trade in whatever car you have for a British built Astra and show us the true power of positive Brexit thinking. Turn this around.
The day after a no deal #Brexit worth a watch
The hashtags most used by MPs today were #BackTheBrexitDeal, #Brexit, and #PeoplesVote
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
BBC News - EU leaders still hope for post-Brexit fishing access
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home
Yes, first and foremost we need a leader that believes in UK and believes in Brexit, how could we have ever expected a remainer to delivery what the people voted for ?
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
If we manage to fix this and somehow get out of this terrible mess, we must ensure that we never, ever have another referendum. General Elections to elect our government and representatives. And if we’re wrong, we can vote them out next time.
The latest The Stuart Blackburn Daily! Thanks to #brexit #doctorwho
Debunking Mays 40 reasons....
Cliff Taylor: No-deal Brexit would point squarely to a hard border
Maybot, this does not compute.
please retweet ,needs people understanding this deal is BS.
Should I do a pointless poll about creating a poll then poll another poll? #brexit #tories #uk
Brexit: DUP's Nigel Dodds says Brexit deal 'worse than no deal'
#Brexit deal: Six scenarios that could now play out
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
May spoke about the need for compromises on Brexit
EU to UK: Lose-lose Brexit deal is best you will get
A response to Theresa May’s open letter on the #Brexit deal
A response to Theresa May’s open letter on the #Brexit deal
Retweet if you agree with Boris Johnson saying the U.K. is on the brink of a “historic mistake,” comparing May’s Brexit plan to Titanic heading for disaster. via
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
Actually Scotland will only take what rightfully belongs to Scotland when we become independent
Older people can understand younger people because they have been one, young people cannot make comments about older people as it is an experience the have never enjoyed. #OldWhiteMale #Brexit
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Remainers have done this to us, the EU obviously have been helping them create the deal because it isn't Brexit.
Strangely, there is more to suicidal Brexit than bloody fish!
This whole thing has been a joke. May didn’t want us leave it’s as simple as that. We should’ve had a brexiteer in charge to deliver what we voted for
In a week when reports on huge gaps in children’s mental health provision, the country can apparently afford £39bn for Brexit divorce but only £1.4bn (1/28th the amount) more over 5 years for CAMHS. Shameful. Just shameful. #FightingFor #CAMHS
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Iain, you’re starting to sound like a ranting remoaner. Are you starting to get concerned you won’t get you’re brexit?
So a racist xenophobic cheating lying Prime Minister who is such a coward who sends a grieving colleague to GE leaders debates thinks #BackTheBrexitDeal is a good comms strategy Never mind brexit being a shitshow Fucking Theresa May What a state
If any of my patients is harmed as the result of a no deal Brexit affecting medication or service supply, I will hold every MP who voted to Leave the EU collectively responsible for that harm, and will encourage a class action suit against every single one of them.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
Yep..her and Barry have something in common... #Bad
Why do you think he said it now ? Seems a little odd, as tho’ something else afoot. Perhaps he is trying to push for chaos, in the hope UK capitulates and stops Brexit
I’ve given up making predictions after the Brexit vote, Trump and Corbyn.
So what happens on March 29th? #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #RT
Yes Oliver, they make mistake after mistake, blunder after blunder but either ignored or excused. Shocking+ shameful. I managed to stay with #marr today but had to switch off #sundaypolitics when discussing Brexit reference made to 'Mrs May, bless her' ...... 4 her 'tentacity'!!
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
AHHH now we get to the point. you think everyone who voted for Brexit is right wing and retarded. by the way define right wing?
get going.
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal” #eatmorefish #buylocal #supportUKIrishfishingindustry #brexit #betrayal
Brexit deal explained: backstops, trade and citizens' rights
if we cannot set our own taffifs and cannot leave the customs union there is no brexit to back, the majority of tory members like me can see this betrayal for what it is.
Can we bring back the Thick of it for a one off episode special about Brexit, imagine just how fucking entertaining it'd be!
I think there’d be at least a fighting chance of it if only Corbyn wouldn’t refuse to back a second ref or a stop to Brexit if he got into power. The only option to stop Brexit if there’s a gen election is Lib Dem’s and they’re not getting a majority.
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
If the majority are silent, how do you know they want no truck with separatist hokum? Do you really believe Scotland is better off tied to a failing England whose Govt has ignored its governance cos of Brexit?
Brexiters always tell us people aren't stupid &amp; knew what they voted for in 2016. But the gov is treating remainers &amp; Brexiters as stupid by selling Brexit to us as a positive while concealing the damage it will do. Its scandalous, irresponsible, deceitful, inept &amp; disgraceful.
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
It's funny how the conservatives want a harder brexit than ukip EFTA is the only sane plan shame may can't see it
For great summary of all law suits regarding #Brexit see .
I’m happy to argue forever against Brexit. But yes.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
Auditorium ready for paperplanes tonight. Our audience will write messages from Europe to the people of the UK #brexitbigband #brexit #wehaveaplan #collaboration
I’m a Conservative Party Member and I will not vote at the next GE, regardless of it allowing Corbyn into power, the WA isn’t rejected. After the Conservative Party has been decimated at the next GE, I’ll campaign to make Mrs May’s life as awful as possible.
#Brexit in a nutshell. It has always been a vehicle to create a right wing elected dictatorship.
Useful materials on the latest Brexit from a leading authority
inspired use of 'souk'!
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Stop Brexit
Fab: 4th award is to No.10 dodgy press release / leak, for planning to ruin the British economy in the short-term, so they have a chance to ruin the British economy in the long term. Perfect!
He gloated after Brexit that they’d achieved it without a single drop of blood being spilled - this was less than a week after an anti-Brexit MP was murdered outside her surgery. He disgusts me almost as much as Trump does
Although a so-called Remainer, as am I, once again you bring clarity and courtesy to the still very divisive Brexit debate. The not very good deal remains the only deal at present. No alternative yet in sight.
This makes me angry! Even though I know stopping brexit may be best for us all. #brexit has made me contradict myself. Gives "lying to myself" a whole new meaning.
however you may be feeling about the UK, there are still millions of us who are deeply passionate towards the EU and who will fight until 'the end of days' to be a part of the wonderful union once again. Never forget the huge support from the Brexit resistance.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
"Gilet jaune" December 9th. #Brexit
Corbyn has continually been calling for a general election he and the party are still calling for a meaningful vote in the house, in fact is working with other parties to ensure it. So, what can Corbyn do to "end brexit"?
Conservative membership is now very small and very old. Which helps explain why they’re obsessed with Brexit to the exclusion of everything else.
The EU said there will be no cherry picking the EU. Now we see the EU not only cherry picking the UK but taking the whole harvest and chopping the tree down afterwards. Thanks to May's remain Brexit deal.
The latest The Casraw Daily! #implantfiles #brexit
Stop Brexit
I did read it and it’s shocking.
This is very poor - full of half truth and spin #BackTheBrexitDeal #brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
From Concorde to Brexit. A suitably speedy descent.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
'Your grandchildren will regret Brexit'
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
The ‘quick guide’ to the SEVEN possible paths the country could go down if MP’s vote down May’s Brexit deal. #Brexit #funandgames
And what is the alternative? We have negotiated the best deal we can - we have have 3 choices. No Brexit, No Deal or Stay in. No deal is economic suicide. So what would you actually do? There is the Norway option but would need ID cards to control immigration.
if we cannot set our own taffifs and cannot leave the customs union there is no brexit to back, the majority of tory members like me can see this betrayal for what it is.
About the only good thing to come out of Brexit is this feed!
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
A sad day indeed .... #EU #peace #union #Europe
if we cannot set our own taffifs and cannot leave the customs union there is no brexit to back, the majority of tory members like me can see this betrayal for what it is.
Most people in the UK want May in jail for misconduct in a public office by supporting Brexit based on a fraud.
This weekend’s column ... period of great uncertainty ahead as withdrawal deal heads for vote in House of Commons .Cliff Taylor: No-deal Brexit would point squarely to a hard border
Video (via ) and more at
She should be throwm out of office for lying
Can't say I'm remotely surprised by any of it. Our political system is broken and has been for a long time. Brexit has just ripped the scab off it to reveal the state of things below the cosy party system we've been led to believe is "choice".
if we cannot set our own taffifs and cannot leave the customs union there is no brexit to back, the majority of tory members like me can see this betrayal for what it is.
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker | CBC Radio #SmartNews
You are fetishising Brexit. Has it become your religion? It’s an act of national self harm. We are trying to plot a path to a better future not actively harm our country… or am I mistaken?
Brexit, ure a sad piece of shit
NOT FOR THE BLAIRITES.
The British people don't want politicians to stop arguing about #Brexit, this is an argument for rushing through any old crap because the British people are getting a bit bored The British people want the best possible outcome for the country, even if it takes a bit longer
The fact all 27 EU members have signed up to the deal tells you everything you need to know #Brexit #2NDVOTE
Obviously a nutter! Don’t back the Brexit deal
NEWS FLASH - STOP BREXIT - KEN WORRIED ABOUT HIS PENSION - ffs.
Film “Penance” at the end of Irish film festival strongly brings out the issue of conflict in minds of people in middle of a war. The documentary Brexit and Border aimed at giving voice 2 those who live at borders when policy makers in London don’t
Country divided on Brexit. Livelihoods at stake. No solutions to satisfy all stakeholders. This gives us opportunities for trade agreements outside EU and a chance to negotiate a good trade deal with EU. And gives us control of things people care about. Justify your position!
The Observer view on Brexit – the people must have a chance to give their verdict | Editorial
if we cannot set our own taffifs and cannot leave the customs union there is no brexit to back, the majority of tory members like me can see this betrayal for what it is.
Don’t know about everyone else but I didn’t vote Leave for a ‘Compromise #Brexit’. I wanted 2b free from the E.U. &amp; take back control of our borders,law,waters,trade,etc instead we are going 2b ruled by an an overseas body #Sellout #Betrayal #StandUp4Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
Protester in Brussels burns copy of May's divorce deal with blowtorch
May stays until Brexit is done so it hangs around her neck. No one else wants near it.
No Deal cannot be risked and, unfortunately, there's a sizable chunk of ideologue loonies willing to go there. A second ref is anathema to them in the same way No Deal/any Brexit is to sensible pols. Voting for the deal everyone hates may be the only pragmatic option in a sense
Leading leave campaigners 2016- it’s disgraceful Farage is saying he’ll fight on if it’s 52/48%, the people would have spoken. 2016-present- 52/48% isn’t a significant split to make Brexit happen, we need the people to vote.
. finally asking the question that should have been asking all along - and that can't be avoided. Good to see more and more Govt &amp; Brexiteers admitting that the UK will be worse off IF we leave the EU
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal'
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on #Brexit Divorce Terms
You talk as though Brexit was a good idea in the first instance.
RV/Intelligence Alert "London" Nov 25, 2018 The approval of #Brexit marks the end of #London's status of being the financial capital of the world. #QAnon #WWG1WGA #NewEarth #Awakening #GCR #RV #QFS #GESARA #StockMarketCrash #DeepState #Cabal #Conspiracy
For what it is worth, I voted in the EU ref &amp; will not be partaking in another. I will also turn my back on the Lab party if they concede this. It will be back to plan 'A' &amp; come the GE I will stay at home.
Argh bshouid have been #Brexit ...
if we cannot set our own taffifs and cannot leave the customs union there is no brexit to back, the majority of tory members like me can see this betrayal for what it is.
Oil refineries, ports, major motorway junctions - blocked by some jolly good parties by us Brexiteers. We are taking our country back. Hard Brexit or never ending civil disobedience. Ignoring our will is most expensive option of all - if money is all you care about.
Doesn't speak for me the fucking tramp
You make me laugh AND cry at the same time. I admire your tenacity so much. I don't want to leave the EU and I have rationale, fact based reasons for this. I am not alone but I am not being listened to. #StopBrexit
A very good question. Twitter fiddling? Surely not.
Woooooooosh! What was that? Nothing....just #kenclarke and his principles flying into space...#brexit
Latest News: Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means Chris Morris analyses the key points from the 585-page draft agreement between the UK and the EU. 2018-11-25 19:15:01Z
Mr Iannucci has a point
More fantasy wishing. Parliament has made clear won't vote for No deal Brexit. Too damaging to economy &amp; peoples livehoods. Why don't you swan off to your EU home &amp; stay there, &amp; stop claiming your wealthy EU salary &amp; pension
Here’s another selling out Scotland, no surprise there #PeoplesVote #endthechaos #NotBuyingIt #OptionToRemain
BBC News - Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's Brexit 'letter to the nation'
Brexit is moving forward. Putin is smarter than politicians in both the US and the UK who have an idiotic, insane insistence on self destruction. The oligarchs are winning.
The likes of the guardian did what Labour have been doing for years and tried to dismiss genuine concerns as racism. I believe that more than anything caused Brexit. When crying wolf with the race card is all someone has left, you know they've run out of an argument.
We could put her head on a spike outside Dover Castle
Wonder what the worsted Prime minister of all time thinks how #brexit is going?
"Britain‘s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit" via
On the plus side, after the thermonuclear apocalypse at least people will stop talking about bloody Brexit.
Judging by the news coming up on Brexit and Italy budget, looks like we are in for gaps. Some news flowing of Russia/Ukraine fire but difficult to know if this will have impact.
It won’t matter how much spin you put on this, it’s will always be a massive steaming piles of shit. You should all be ashamed of yourselves. #brexit #brexitshambles
EU set to endorse Brexit deal but hard work lies ahead #Topbuzz
As much as I like the message too many mixed views to trust #Labour until says it they are a party of leave don't trust them #Brexit
Votes will have their say both on you and Brexit.
Caroline - your job is not to fear or facilitate the far right. It is to smegging well crush them and their policies - including smegging Brexit. What part of that does not make sense to you?
if we cannot set our own taffifs and cannot leave the customs union there is no brexit to back, the majority of tory members like me can see this betrayal for what it is.
Brexit innit
Not a shocker. We just need our authorities to arrest those who are complicit in the UK.
There are hints she will quit if the decision goes to the public. Election can be called sooner than 5yr max. The government had a mandate to continue on the path to Brexit, but democracy also relies on introspection and reflection. Checks and balances are not betrayal.
If you were a Member of Parliament, would you vote for or against Theresa May’s Brexit deal?
Oh, the #Irony. For real.
A load of Arseholes trying to look thoughtful xx
So . delivered the best for Britain, a deal that means Brexit really means Brexit and that is in the best interests of our Country for a brighter future. However, our "leader" conceded that it actually was the only deal that was possible. So its not what we want then!
#EU Leaders and #UK Agree on #Brexit Divorce Terms
A Conservative MP says...
If Labour was in Government now then it would go ahead with Brexit and take us out of the EU with a "common sense" deal, Shadow Cabinet Minister told the #Marr Show
Leave means leave. May has to step down. #Nodeal #Brexit
Marlon McBrand. on Twitter
The latest Una especie en peligro! Thanks to #ue #brexit
Stitch up there needs to be a Full enquiry into the handling of Brexit.
UK #fintechs claim #Brexit could lead to a 'lost generation' of London businesses via
You missed out "true brexit on wto terms" Vincent ! You know - the brexit the majority of the public voted for .... I know you liberals get easily confused ... Clegg kept telling us there was no EU plan for an EU army !!!!!
"any sane nation" - at the risk of sounding glib, but you've answered your question there, Brexit Britain is absolutely not sane
If you don't know what to think about the govt's Brexit agreement, this from is good. "Here we are, staring at a deal so unimaginably bad that no-one wants it. Not the EU, not the UK, not Brexiters, not Remainers, not Tories, and not Labour."
if we cannot set our own taffifs and cannot leave the customs union there is no brexit to back, the majority of tory members like me can see this betrayal for what it is.
Unsurprising that the die-hard Remainer Cabinet Minister Perry is in a small minority of people who support the Prime Minister's deal Given that Perry once said that Brexiteers were "like jihadis in their support for a hard Brexit" And 51.5% of her constituency voted Leave
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Better tell Corbyn that most of the country doesn’t want brexit, either.
there is no Russian aggression but there are dangerous manoeuvres by a hostile western backed force against Russia in their territorial waters, try getting it right !
How's about we just forget about the whole thing? The only reason we had the referendum was because the Tories were losing votes to UKIP, it was a sticking plaster. We now know brexit is a nightmare and the political parties are a joke, so let's just forget it and start again.
Is there no one in our government prepared to take up the Brexit reins and leave the EU without strings attached?!! Is Government now about to turn its back on 17.4 million voters and sell our Sovereignty to a foreign power?!
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Looking strategically I think your criticism is too harsh. I am 100% a Remainer - but Greg Clark has done a good job in getting fears of industry about a no deal Brexit heard. That was vital job in face of cavalier dismissal of those concerns by Brexiteer Ultras.
#Stopbrexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay /www.redbubble.com/people/coolyule/works/33766657-stop-brexit?asc=t&amp;p=mug
If it’s a shit deal then no deal is the only option. If we had someone who believed in brexit in charge we would’ve got a better deal but May just went Brussels hoicked up her skirt &amp; let barnier &amp; co run a train on her
Tony Blair can fuck right off. Guy should be in jail not talking about Brexit.
Introduce ID cards to control immigration instead of leaving the EU, report says
Video (via ) and more at
It will be so much worse. Wish I could still be in the EU
The latest The MR CHAS Daily! Thanks to #doctorwho #brexit
I can’t understand them Doug though I come from a CNR background. But what are they doing within their power to change things? The optics of not being present in Parliament is more important to them and their base than actually mitigating the effect of Brexit
British PM May calls on lawmakers to back Brexit deal #Topbuzz
Think the bigger point is that there is no good Brexit for Gibraltar and this issue hasn’t got the attention it deserves- particularly from Brexiteers
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
I reckon it’s Norway here we come. Put a tenner on it. #Brexit
Wales less prosperous after Brexit deal, says first minister.
EU must learn lessons from Brexit, says Macron
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Parliament has decided on Brexit. Any alleged criminal activity in the ref is irrelevant
Deluded.
That Brexit deal explained: We've completely capitulated on every meaningful issue because Olly and Phil didn't want to leave. We've abandoned every red line we had. We're tying the country into vassalage. And we think you're too stupid to notice! #Brexit #MayMustGo
EU leaders endorse contentious Brexit deal at emergency summit..#EU..#Brexit
A welcome break from Brexit - watching some of our top tennis talent from around the country playing in the ladies winter county cup in Taunton
If you like your Brexit, you can keep your Brexit; and your payments to Brussels will go down. Sound familiar?
In sadness, EU leaders approve Brexit deal via
Thank a god for the DUP who would have thought we would owe a decent brexit to half a dozen Irish patriots, it says it all for the spineless English, Welsh and Scottish MPs prepared to sacrifice the democracy of the U.K. for their own stinking jobs they should be ashamed.
No, not a bad negotiation. Brexit was always going to look something like this. There is no such thing as a good brexit
Theresa May and EU Leaders say - It’s this Brexit deal or no deal. - BBC News
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
Stop lying to us. The days of 'Yes Minister' are over. The British public are too well informed now for this kind of subterfuge. We know what you have done. We will call for an inquiry into who colluded to thwart Brexit. How dare you challenge democracy. Tories are over.
don't be an idiot - that is the problem - Brexit is the only hope of reforming them - if we don't get out legally now we will leave under gunfire later . The biggest threat to the peace in europe is the EU!
The best sort of Anarchy in the UK, where the grown-ups have had enough of the Brexiteers and Lexiteers, sending a fairly direct message to , , Putin, Trump, Farage, Nick Griffin &amp; all the other Brexit fans: #BollocksToBrexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Bruised and battered May begs for public’s support on reviled Brexit deal — RT UK News #BackDoorBrexit
Mark my words May deal WILL be voted through with #labour tipping the balance #brexit Come back to this tweet on 10th/11th December
And as a leaver and animal lover you must have been pleased to see as part of the legislation for leaving the EU it stated that animals are incapable of feeling pain paving the way for a lowering of animal welfare standards in Brexit Britain.
When daddy gets to choose the bedtime story #brexit
Yeah, I think I’ll pass on your version &amp; go with Martin Howe QC. Besides, it’s almost as if you’ve never seen how the EU operates, they are no strangers to overturning previously agreed law. Given that the ECJ is the final arbitrator of EU law, they can and do just that. #brexit
Two of those are an utter shit show, No Brexit it is!
EU's Juncker says of Brexit - 'This is the best deal... the only deal possible' #Topbuzz
. : “...the UK’s vote to leave the EU will have major implications for health and social care in England”
que moody blues record, if you got to go, go now...…..
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU... “We’re fucked!”
This is a blind Brexit &amp; we should all be aware of what the risks are. I think the Prime Minister knows this will get voted down in the Commons, says
Why do those Brexit Boys keep on pushing a fantasy version of WTO Rules? They need a pretend solution that sounds good. You can’t fool The 52% for ever lads...
Labour must vote against May's deal but must not be allowed to benefit from the chaos that they were complicit in starting. They only way that can avoid it becoming a Tory and Labour Brexit is to vote for a #PeoplesVote
My theory is that she took over from Cameron to stop Brexit. Only a Remainer in the highest position in gov had the capability. She was lined up prior to the vote, 'just in case'. They were aware that people in the North and Wales could throw a spanner in the works
A load of pixellated bollocks, in my opinion.
Projecting what? Demonstrable truth? Here's the government saying something, something you may well dismiss because you are being selective.
Shocking that Britain would sign this. Makes a mockery of Brexit.
A pointless meeting for a pointless Brexit...
excellent analysis. Her 'terminator' reputation about to be really tested over FISA doc release as well... Delingpole: Britain‘s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
I think that’s been their greatest success, they make Brexit seem pragmatic.
Riddled with inaccuracies patronising offensive and as always failing to spot the central flaw in the process of Brexit-what has become of the spectator
The most tragic thing to happen to the UK in my lifetime. The Suez crisis happened when I was a month old. Even that was not as big a humiliation and loss of national prestige as Brexit.
Richard Cook from East Renfrewshire, pal of is the Scots Tory in £435,000 Brexit 'dark money' row facing questions by MPs #TorySleaze #ToryCorruption
Piers, she has compromised with Remainers &amp; given them concessions as well as the EU in the negotiations. Her version of Brexit is for Remainers as well as leavers. For me this has subverted the democratic decision to leave. Hope you question her Ministers &amp; MPs on this.
So it's payment now. (2/2)
I just think they’ve lost site of the true purpose of their jobs, they’re not in Parliament to play at party politics they are there to represent the people in their constituencies first and foremost, and I agree Gordon, Brexit can’t be good at all if it’s inspiring more options.
We haven't left yet! #stopbrexit
She will be sad when she loses the keys to No 10
Time for a hard Brexit I think, the 39 billion will keep us afloat
English town? It is a British town. England is a legacy of Germanic occupation of Britain by invasions from Germany over the ages. #BREXIT means white Britons are taking their country back from such foreign &amp; alien white Europeans &amp; their history too in Britain!
So why are you supporting , who refuses to oppose Brexit, the single most damaging thing to our country for 70 years? Party before country?
For someone who's so sanguine about moving WTO rules, he really doesn't understand them, does he
"This is the only deal possible" - After almost two years negotiating with the UK, EU leaders sign off controversial #Brexit deal
MEANWHILE __ AWAY FROM BREXIT :-
WATCH: British PM May announces approval of Brexit deal by European Union leaders.
Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Juncker
I am sure people voted for a clean Brexit and independence from Germany and the EU. No Deal is best for Britain, save £39 and trade with the EU and the rest of the world under WTO rules.
A resurgence in UKIP's popularity is inevitable if large numbers of people who voted to leave feel like the Brexit deal is not the one they voted for, especially when half the political class is attempting to cancel Brexit altogether.
Just wait to see our #Scexit from #UK, should be rather fun
Theresa May is history. But could it be possible that history might be kind to her?
It does - she got a lot of votes, more than Cameron, Labour suddenly came out and promised everyone a load of free stuff; the MSM wouldn't normally entertain such rubbish but they were so desperate to stop Brexit they promoted the fence sitter and his free stuff.
I WANT DADDY BACK.
Brexit must happen, delusional arrogant brexiteers must be taught a lesson Brexiteers must suffer badly The EU are glad to see the back of little englanders, we do not need them. Putin nor bannon won't feed starving britons after brexit. The world is laughing at little englanders
Massive nob head, massive point though
Exactly, Labour want power &amp; are prepared to let Britain devastate itself to get it. If they truly cared about the people &amp; not just testing their broken social theories they'd #StopBrexit &amp; then wait for the next GE. But they know they can only win during the chaos of Brexit.
The best sort of Anarchy in the UK, where the grown-ups have had enough of the Brexiteers and Lexiteers, sending a fairly direct message to , , Putin, Trump, Farage, Nick Griffin &amp; all the other Brexit fans: #BollocksToBrexit
Assume modelled his King James as a slightly less obsequious version of #Doctorwho #Brexit #PeoplesVote
What are you talking about? The far right have resurged, there is distrust and discord already. Adding the insult of #Brexit to the injury of #austerity won’t make anything better, it will make everything worse!
Just good the Russian navy outnumbers the Ukrainain "navy" 100 to 1. But I´m sure the Royal navy will gladly sacrifice one of their frigates to distract from the Brexit disaster
It just jumps out at a person - we can get a nice wooly brexit and a government thanks to the DUP. We just need some sensible people to step forward !
The fact that she has to do this surely says something...
None of that is false. But it doesn't absolve Corbyn in any way from supporting Brexit (which as a career EU-sceptic he was pretty much bound to do) since. The crime of commission was the Tories; aiding and abetting Corbyn's Labour.
EU summit approves Brexit agreement
I have received a message from the Lib Dem leaders office; ‘The party is clear that stopping Brexit is our top political priority and with the government in meltdown there is more opportunity than ever to give people a final say on Brexit through a People’s Vote.......
Always suspected he wasn't particularly bright
EU summit approves Brexit agreement
Back then post eu ref pre Brexit - the Conservative party from a pool of brexiteers only to fulfill mandate given by U.K. people.
So dissapointed in Ken. REMAIN must stick to it's guns, we are the majority now and brexit is a minority interest. In a democracy, it woulod already have been stopped. In a law abiding country the secret service would have been allowed to investigate Banks BEFORE THE REF.
There’s been lots of talk on Gibraltar &amp; Northern Ireland but there’s no mention of Scotland - our views have been completely ignored, says #Brexit
DUP voter: 'The Good Friday Agreement protects both sides — the nationalist and the protestant community in Northern Ireland — but it also protects the union in its own right. There was never any threat to that.' If only W'minster politicians grasped that.
#Brexit I think we need to loose our stuff upper lip stance and realise staying in is way better than leaving. Just set some new rules internally to shore up our weak points.
EU summit approves Brexit agreement
This can't be overstated.
I hate the stupid thing known as Brexit petty politics. I hate Theressa May as well. I would like to be caught up seated documenting pain which is caused by the infidelity of God
Why, because they hold the balance of power. Maintaining the status quo helps to maintain control over parliament, their decisions over Brexit, and more blackmail money for Northern Ireland.
False, many leavers would now prefer No brexit to Mays Deal.
You guys really can't put a sock in it can you ? Your mess regarding Brexit , impoverishing the most vunerable in the UK., trashing our public services and doubling The National debt. The electorate is beginning to realize your callous incompetent disregard for the electorate.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
The latest The ChalkOutline Blotter! Thanks to contributors #breaking #brexit
#Brexit And how much will the tariffs cost? Currently estimated at £500 million. A week!
Pulling figures out your arses, when will the Brextremists stop?
They show the same level of skill plotting as they do with Brexit. Nil pois.
And we mocked David Cameron when he said Brexit would lead to World War 3
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
This is a must read and so true .
Welcome to the world where deciding to walk alone in 21st century comes with hard dilemmas, rough repercussions... “UK will stay in 'backstop' customs union unless EU get generous deal on fishing, warns Macron” #sunnylituplands #not #Brexitshambles
Junk the Drunk
But the Foreign Secretary on #Marr on Sunday recognises Brexit will leave us worse off.
Don’t know about you but Brexit fatigue set in with me a very long time ago....
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal &lt;- Not waving but drowning: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal
EU summit approves Brexit agreement
Understand what is happening here. These globalists almost had their one world government. Had HRC won, the globalists would have succeeded. She lost. Trump is going after the globalists, and they are fighting back. Remove this woman from office immediately. #Brexit
No Brexit!
Some good points. Well worth a read.
Bullshit
What Happens if MPs Reject May's Brexit Deal? - Brexit Explained via
FBPE: I'm really angry at Labour's policy on brexit! Me: Do you know how they set policy? FBPE: No Me: Are you a member? FBPE: No Me: Follow Labour conference? FBPE: No Me: Do you actually know what their policy is? FBPE: No Me: *frustrated cries*
The EU is with Spain, Jean-Claude Juncker said. It was with it for the simple reason that Spain is with the EU. Imagine now how the UK will fare when it goes solo in negotiations with the US, China and others. Good luck with those deals.
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’ - spiked a citizen of Cambridge and a captive of the RCP
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
The Good Friday agreement was to stop the Waring factions of North and South it has nothing to do with Brexit. We were sold a pup by the prime minister
I'm hugely confused. Is brexit like a trip to the dentist, or a shady marketplace? Can someone confirm?
What will the EU do if UK parliament rejects Brexit deal? via
Cannot believe how stupid tory MPs are being by backing May instead of getting rid of her . They are commitng political suicide . Its just amazing. Brexit and the end of the oldist political party in UK in one go
Brexit will damage the NHS, according to doctors and to nurses.
why do we have to pay £1000 for my grandson to have British nationality (not guaranteed) when he has lived his 9 years here but born in France? Why will your home office not recognise a uk birth certificate issued by a consulate ? Rule changes since #brexit
Good God no. Vote down the deal and let the government fall and A50 get extended, and Brexit will collapse on its own contradictions. Absolutely no way should Labour wave May’s deal through.
EU leaders agree on Brexit deal at summit; Parliament to vote next #Topbuzz
For years the UK puffed out its chest and stood by Gibraltarians who voted overwhelmingly to remain British against Spanish obstructionism. Now even they get thrown under the bus for the sake of the conmen’s precious Brexit, the price of which rises by the day.
We Don't believe her, she has lied nobody in the present G'ment speaks honestly about the brexit consequences which we now know will exist.T May never listens. We need to remain in EU and May needs to go.
Bank of England says it can't do much to counter economic damage from supply problems if there's a no-deal Brexit
People are ripping off the #bollockstobrexit stickers I putting about too. But they also rip off the #Brexit is a crime scene stickers . I think they are just pro brexiters. I just put more up. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Appalling.
Think 'Ceuta'! Consider first educating the people of Spain about the history of Ceuta, the easy benefit for Spain and the fences topped with barbed wire.. Hypocrisy!
The problem with the EU/brexit is the tories. They have to "leave" the EU because if they attempt to do anything else they will be wiped out at the polls - their voters want brexit. Everything we see from them are efforts to mitigate the impact on their vote.
I read that outright falsehood in her condescending letter to the nation and nearly choked on a massive red bus...
Twaddle Twaddle &amp; more B'S . May made clear vote her deal or NO Brexit!
#SundayMorning BEST READ!! THIS pretty little package tells us lots about what's coming for Roger Stone, Nigel Farage #Trump #Brexit &amp; what's in America's stocking from Santa #Mueller! Thank you , the dominoes will fall. #ProtectMueller #ImpeachTrump
The hashtags most used by MPs today were #BackTheBrexitDeal, #Brexit, and #PeoplesVote
Fuck your letter and fuck your Brexit.
I bet the last BREXIT some 10,000 years ago was a lot easier? You know the one where the land bridge melted. All you had to do then was melt the ice....
Brexit, such a great headfuck. The perceived Left now supporting big one world government, the perceived Right now supporting autonomy. Both left and right both totally distracted and very confused. Whilst ‘the Woke’ sit back and watch the theatre play out.
The only option now is to have a Peoples Vote. Now we know what Brexit looks like, the People should be given the option of,whether or not, to continue. This is not an original idea, this was the option given to the people back in 75.
Strong correlation with poor grasp of the english language and a penchant for rightwing bullshit. Call me crazy, but could those people be... thick? #brexit
SHES CUT GIBRALTER LOOSE. WHAT A BITCH! 'Has Theresa May cut Gibraltar LOOSE?' Luxembourg PM put on spot over UK-Spain Brexit deal
She has no soul , she sold it to the DUP ! #SocialistSunday #GeneralElectionNow #GetTheToriesOut
Might be worth revisiting this research project
You still a Tory? Because it is beyond words how shit the Tories have made life for most people. Brexit is small potatoes.
What should I do a poll on? #brexit #tories #brexitshambles #indyref #leave #remain #uk
Says it all really, any deal worse than staying in the EU is not a deal but a stupid idea and the U.K. Public can see that now.
"The English in particular have never been ruled by anyone else" Apart of course from the Celts, the Romans, the Angles, the Saxons, the Vikings, and the Normans. The Royal Family are, or have been, Scottish, French, German, Dutch, Danish &amp; Greek. But sure, nobody else.
Does #TeresaMay need the #No vote in parliament to strengthen her position on re-negotiation after asking to extend Art50. She might be very clever and it all might have been sorted without #labour party politics undermining #brexit
Once again, and : NO. I will not willingly take any action in support of Brexit. Democracy is dead to me. British politics is broken at a fundamental level. I dismiss you all.
Why should the fishing industry be the only one that gets an advantage out of Brexit, even if it scuppers deals for bigger industries with more workers? They are doing fine at the moment. It's just greed.
Imagine a doctor who episode in 100 years time where they go back to 2018 Britain and the Doctor looks at their companions and announces “oh no... we’ve arrived in Brexit Negotiantions...” and out comes dancing Teresa May ready for battle #DoctorWho
If you were strongly against Brexit, what observation would falsify your theory that things go to hell if the separation happens? I'm curious because I've learned there are some decent arguments for separation of components in complex systems...
Boaty McBoatface is such a stupid idea that it doesn't deserve to count said an elitist minister.Despite getting 4 times the vote the majority were IGNORED just like The Peoples BREXIT decision.I suppose THERESA CHAMBERLAIN is content.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Agree
Absolutely agree, but in addition once we reject Brexit we must take serious steps to address the genuine injustices that led to the Brexit vote and the failures of our political processes that have led to these injustices being ignored
I use ‘elephant in the room’ to mean something that nobody is talking about. But it’s not news to anyone that racism is the core of Brexit is it?
Yeah and BREXIT MEANS BREXIT didnt she once say before changing her mind
The British public will certainly be mad, indeed furious if we either get locked into this dreadful agreement or have Brino. We voted for Brexit and we want Brexit. WTO is fine by me, I don’t believe the scare stories.
There is also no such thing as a "Hard Brexit". There is just a load of unevidenced guff from the usual bed-wetters who think we desperately need to cling on to the EU to survive. It's as risible as everything else in Project Fear.
Britain and the EU: The truth about a no-deal Brexit via
Of course we believe there is a deal between the UK and the US. It will weaken the UK and that’s why they need to weaken the Eu after brexit. A conflict via Ukraine with Russia is a perfect excuse to involve the EU under pretense of sovereignty violations and what not
Food activist Jack Monroe on what she's stockpiling for Brexit.
A very interesting listen on - well worth half an hour of your time.
I hardly think anyone with a reasonable command of vernacular English will not understand what the word is. So fudging it is pointless and prudish. Perhaps the bus should only travel after the 9pm watershed?
Democracy is the poorer for this and the politicians responsible must lose their seats and not be rewarded by offers of showbiz appearances. #StopBrexit
UK-EU relationship in research and #HighEd sectors is not mentioned in the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement nor in the political declaration, apart from nuclear research and North-South Irish education. Please correct me if I’m wrong (I hope to be wrong) #BrexitDeal
So is playing a game of which brings him more votes. Well let me tell him, this marginal voter in a #Labour held seat will only vote for a #peoplesvote with #remain option party. End of.
This is a Tory Brexit. Corbyn campaigned for Remain and reform of EU. He was right! Blame the Tories and neo - liberal Labour before them (blame yourself) for people voting Brexit and the mess we are in.
You had fewer votes, you lost, extrapolations don't count, Anti democrat.
29 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall, Britain under the Tories has erected its own barrier . Tres Triste. #brexit
Democracy is informed, defined (thru a manifesto) legitimately debated and challengeable, brexit refo was none of these. A people’s vote would be
The only thing that fucking weasel needs to get behind is some fucking bars
I agree, but you think that carrying on with Brexit won’t make it much, much worse?
Seems to be working as it’s brought remain and leave together against deal- although not Jo as he now seems in favour of Brexit. I think Labs strategy has been excellent- keep focus on those responsible for negotiations, realistic about numbers in Parli and offer no way out.
We're changing it to a meaningful vote on a meaningless Brexit.
what a superb article on the superb LSE blog site. Thanks for forwarding it. A rare glimpse into the minds of those able to look beyond the short-term and the recent past and perceive a broader sweep.
Corbyn, young people will abandon the party if you carry on supporting Brexit. So, support a #PeoplesVote and have done with it.
I think you're being too mature. This is a twitter debate about Brexit after all.
Anyone else miss having a President who had a moral compass, vision, and intellect?
The latest TweetEcon Daily! Thanks to #economics #brexit
I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND A HARD BREXIT! The EU isn't Europe!
Yes, so they can represent the views of those who want a proper Brexit.
No mystery, surely: Corbyn wants Brexit to get over the line, doesn’t really matter how.
Brexit means Brexit, remember that garbage, TM is playing mind games with everyone
And there is no such thing as a better Brexit - that's just more baloney. : making chocolate teapots look useful since 2016!
I also know 2 economists who voted Brexit. One in his sixties the other in her twenties! Many top businessmen &amp; women voted leave but if you listened to the fake media it was only the plebs!
Bruised and battered May begs for public’s support on reviled Brexit deal Says it all
He just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
Have the #MuellerInvestigation been in touch yet?
Can we all just admit that we looked into Brexit and it didn’t work out like some thought it could? It’s perfectly fine to be wrong, but only if you learn from it.
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is ‘the best possible deal’
Ambiguity worked well for them at last GE. But in scenario of a massive political crisis over Brexit precipitating a GE the idea that Lab could go into a campaign with an ambiguous Brexit policy doesn't seem realistic to me.
this means you
On 14 June 2017, a tower burnt by real fire in LONDON; with more than 70 deaths, 700 injured individuals, and 223 escapees. Why did not UK Hi-Techs could help them? Now, imagine 'The Great Fire of London of 1666' happens again equivalently, perhaps BREXIT offers solutions!
It’s odd how politicians coin terms such as BOBs and JAMs. Almost dehumanising and indicative of not really understanding the people in question at all.
Despite now being fronted by Theresa May, remember that Brexit is still very much the brainchild of the patriarchy. Women and minority groups are set to lose out the most.
Tony Blair's legacy is painful and pointless.
PM please step aside so someone who believes in brexit and democracy can sort out your mess. I’m a member by the way #mayout
Stultifying, vacuous and monumentally idiotic; this BREXIT document is an addendum to a litany of Theresa May's failures and cruel misrule: The Windrush scandal, NHS, Education, Policing, Universal Credit fiasco, Prison Service catastrophe, abuse of power, incompetence! SHAMEFUL!
And it’s not the end either...
Here we go. Everyone in NATO is discussing Brexit (?Russian cash/interference) or awaiting Trump’s forthcoming appearances before House committees (?elected due to Russian interference). Between them, Russia and Ukraine border eight NATO members.
Anna is the only person I ever think speaks any sense in this mad Brexit world / we have to stop this stupidity for the sake of our future generations : crack on Anna !
May is being a twit. Not only will present divisions remain after 29 March, but new ones - possibly more serious - will arise as we start negotiating a free trade agreement essentially from scratch and from a position of utter weakness. #BBCR4today #skynews #ridge #marr
You have no idea how utterly pathetic the term “jobs first Brexit sounds”. Hard to believe anyone is trotting it out any more. Brexit in all its forms is a question of damage limitation, not thriving.
UK always had power to take control of its was not part of Schengen.Brexit was sold on a pack of lies.Its not in best interest of nation,we are being missold a product not fit for purpose..deal we have with the eu now is the best for uk+ its prosperity!
So we hope you will vote it down then ..........
Lets get behind theresa may and kick her right up the arse, the woman is a total disgrace to Great Britian , womanhood and brexit. So whos for kicking her up the arse??? Me
#wtf is a ' no deal #Brexit'? If we leave without agreement, we trade on WTO regulations. Stop misleading the people! #BrexitBetrayal
you should consider covering real news instead helping Trump with his anti-refugee propaganda.
fucking weak swing sledgehammer guy
An even simpler guide: “We’re fucked!” #brexit
France : Brexit, for the UK centuries of efforts wasted. The UK has built its power around two principles: keeping the British Isles united and the European continent divided. Today, it has managed to do the opposite.
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is ‘the best possible deal’
We have MI6 assisting in the coup on President Trump, you have ignored the BREXIT vote and the royal family seem very friendly with paedo's. The elites are showing utter contempt for UK citizens and democracy and the rule of law.
"This is the deal that is on the table," she said. "It is the best possible deal. It is the only deal." — U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May
EU, UK Approve Brexit Divorce Deal; Now Comes The Hard Part | Zero Hedge
Very disturbing
Nigel Farage worked for trumpy right after the brexit vote, to tell him the strategy used for brexit vote.
FCA Reveals Indicators of #Brexit Plans -
I call to question the sanity of any MP who would sanitise this deal.
Ryanair reports record number of bookings despite Brexit looming
I do feel strong loyalty to Labour ideals but if we leave the EU next March, that will be down to Labour’s incompetence in defending their people; I will resign from the party the next day.
She IS a traitor! The purpose of the referendum was to decide once a and for all whether to leave or remain. There should be no ambiguity; no compromise. #Brexit
What are the slippers made of, the Brexit deal?!
Where do these people find the energy to send so many tweets about Brexit? Do they not get bored?
I do not like Brexit. But Britain being told what to do by France is even more distasteful
Dreamtrain Country Music On Twitter is out! Stories via #brexit #uk
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
He really is an unpleasant little man - no wonder the French are rioting. We should take a leaf out of their book! In fact, we may very well do unless this deal is blown out of the water!
Chap we here in the wee pravince cant trust an English Brexit . Will they support N.I Business , will they subsidise the Farmers . Besides we get more out of europe than we put in . Being a Hub between two Trading Partners only strengthens the N.I economy . Jobs will fly in
However they campaigned, MPs must respect the democratic will for a direct brexit and reject calls for a boorish brexit!
'Brexit means Brexit and we're going to make a success of it.' #MesCouilles #StopBrexit
The documents could help reveal how Cambridge Analytica managed to misuse Facebook data to influence democratic processes, like the U.S. elections and the Brexit referendum
Keep voting and Retweeting please. #Brexit #Marr
That wasn’t up to May. Every country in the EU has veto power over those future deals. You cannot remove them. Blame brexit, not May.
The man's a pathetic waste of time. What it could have been with a leader. Why do they think he's worth it?
Shove Brexit up your arse.
BREXIT A Pantomime
Theresa May offers to host the Libertadores Final at Wembley. Argentina refuse the offer so she offers them the Malvinas. A great deal says May. Argies get the Falklands, UK gets nothing. Brexit.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
May’s Brexit plan is much like she is: Careful, considered, practical and largely unloved
More #brexitshambles ? ENOUGH!!!!!! #PeoplesVoteNow
Fake Brexit Deal Alarm Bells Already Ringing!
He just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
Brexit deal is a depressing masterpiece of political theatre - The Sydney Morning Herald
Got evidence for that? I don't recall any Russian trying to persuade me to vote for Brexit. I've known for over 25 years how I'd vote.
Can’t believe one of Michelle’s friends and I found a way to cancel Brexit last night
In the run up to Brexit let’s not forget the true essence of Britishness: a German Queen with a Greek husband.
It does not deliver anything but destroying our wonderful country. It does not deliver Brexit it delivers annihalation
The semi official foot dragging and obstinacy over Brexit may prove to have been good practice for a Corbyn govt...
100% spot on. They worked hard at finding ways brexit couldn't happen, didn't find anything so resorted to scare tactics. When we leave, there should be an investigation and every person responsible for trying to prevent our withdrawal should face serious charges.
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home
Sadly, Brexit probably won’t stop that.
I wonder whether this is what #Brexit is trying to achieve with the UK? (Great article, by the way) Anthropology: The sad truth about uncontacted tribes vía
Nigel Farage TRASHES Theresa May's Approved Brexit deal: via
My Official View on Brexit 4/5 I build America and World I wd like to extend my humble help twrds better and prosprs future of Britain and all countries of EU thru creation of high-quality jobs &amp; wealth, and, tech educn &amp; training apprpt to upcoming requirement of 21st century
Richard Curran: ‘Don’t expect May to resign if Westminster sinks her Brexit deal’ #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
Why? It’s an emotive subject, sure, but the fishing industry is microscopic compared to something like the financial industry or the car industry, both of which face gigantic problems after Brexit.
My children, their grandchildren.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
EU-UK deal is best hope of Irish shares recovering from a Brexit battering #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
WTO Brexit is the only way out of this mess... The EU and 27 intent on shafting us .... we need to get out of this cabal fast
Don't want Brexit but do want the Tories to remain in power? Shout "Russia!"
To a certain extent he has a point. And I say that as someone who is not a fan of juncker
Tom, you are MP, and I sincerely hope that if the EU Withdrawal Agreement fails to be passed by the Commons that you will do everything in your power to make sure we don't crash out with a no deal Brexit. Thank you.
EU endorses Brexit divorce deal but hard work lies ahead
He has made a huge mistake
The choice is between a painful Brexit or a pointless Brexit - but either way it should be for the people to decide #PeoplesVote
So it's ok to change your mind if you're against Brexit but not ok to change your mind in favour of Brexit. Shameful playground stuff Chuka.
Brexit on WA terms does not happen at all if Parliament votes it down. No deal (ie cliff-edge) Brexit happens by operation of Art 50 next March 29 unless it is revoked or suspended.
Mmm disagree. You've been speaking to the wrong PV advocates. The nation is wholly entitled to vote leave again. It's just that there's so much more #brexit information out there now the People's vote will be the political equivalent of this safeguard:
Remember Peter, Millions of us did not vote for this madness. While we have breath in our bodies we will work to stay in our European Family. #Brexit
Unfortunately Tom, at the time I fear stopping immigration was one of the key reasons why many people voted for #Brexit - as this poster demonstrated with its appeal to voters’ most base values.
vs Remain please #PeoplesVote #NotmyBrexit
The UK army can simply seal the NI border and that’s the end of any need for a backstop. That’s the way to go that will deliver further a strong statement about Brexit and its consequences if not amical.
I think almost every Remainer would support that too.... but politics being what it is now... a #PeoplesVote is the only route we have to stop Brexit, as there's a distinct absence of strong leadership anywhere in the HoC.
6) &amp; costly effort. Look at Brexit effort, for example or dreamy economic policy of Trump. Such a conflictual &amp; chaotic situation in our world system have damaged the balance of power in many areas and at the same time have facilitated a fertile ground for the rise of various
Just as the oil price was falling of a cliff &amp; before UK parliament votes on #Brexit deal
I think Theresa May is doing a wonderful job of delivering a Remain vote. She's a superstar! #Brexit #Remain #PeoplesVote #EURef
I don’t Brexit-post so I don’t think it’s me
maybe it'll be more like 'when the brexit wakes' than 'on the brexit beach'. #hopefulness
I blame Brexit
Subtitled... The Lizard from the Swamp.
Well done! Our MPs had better take note of the president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, who warns that if they think they can get a better deal, they will be disappointed. It'll be Parliaments fault if we end up with a "no deal" Brexit.
Drear Treason Maybot, I will never back your brexit plan... Ditching brexit is the only 'sane' option.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Protester in Brussels burns copy of May's divorce deal with blowtorch
A lot of Trumpalites are quote tweeting this old tweet of mine thinking I genuinely support Hillary Clinton. I can't think of anything I care less than.
Donald Tusk does not want Brexit at all. UK goverment calims there will be no second referendum, so this shit deal is everything we have now.
This tweet : 1) Ex member of ideologically racist BNP 2) Founder of EDL whose main technique was to inject extra fear, havoc and violence into divided communities. 3) Stops UKIP from appealing broadly enough to put poll pressure on Tories as they sell-out Brexit.
I was under the impression that fishing and U.K. coastal waters are to be returned to U.K. as per the brexit real agreed by EU today?
14th June 2016 Daily Telegraph “Boris Johnson and Michael Gove, the two leading figures in the Leave campaign, have drawn up a blueprint for implementing a Brexit. Sensibly, it calls for flexibility and a period of reflection.”
Fantasy land. What a disapppointment they have been over Brexit. i seriously doubt if i will ever vote Labour again. So sad.
There is a GOD after all
BREXIT THE MOVIE - THE FISH STORY (7 of 26) via
same shit different country
Brexit - a political viewpoint picking up on,
Still seeing the "when it makes me look like a good person" Labour supporters tweet: "get Corbyn in to sort this brexit mess out" without realising he would happily go for a no deal.
In sadness, EU leaders approve Brexit deal by
BREXIT is over. End of
If you thought #Brexit negs were over...this is just round one.
Not what Dan the Man wanted, but it turns out it’s what the Brexit he wanted means
Theresa May’s Brexit Statement
Because our European countries, we do not partial membership of every sector. #brexit #globalism
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
drunk mr two shoes...…...
No. No matter Windrush, Grenfell, Brexit. No kindness.
If parliament forces the British public into a second “Losers Vote” style referendum, what choices should be on the ballot paper? #Brexit #AntiDemocratic
#traitor May's Betrayal Agreement Signed: Britain on the Road to Brexit in Name Only via
It should be borne in mind that the #BrexitDeal will be voted down by Parliament, not because it's awful (which it is) but because for our Remainer MPs, it isn't awful enough. We're in danger of not spotting the real reason they'll torpedo it - they simply want to scupper Brexit.
Im fed up with these pompous, unemployable, politician arseholes thinking they have a God given Privileged omniscience, and can lie without consequence. Not ONE of the whole Leave shower is worth their salary; not one would I trust to run a bath, never mind the country. #FBPE
Makes you wonder why we'd need another vote if he was willing to back #Brexit . Though he could have been talking about the #Lisbon referendum he promised then cancelled
There hasnt been a coherent Labour Brexit policy
See so many people swear to never vote again for a political party supporting Brexit... me as well... never again!
Meanwhile the nation has had its Black Friday weekend, is tuning into Strictly and looking forward to the X factor final. What can you say eh #Brexit
Hmmm not sure that is right. Almost half of 35-44 year olds voted Leave. Brexit isn’t just an old persons thing. Data backs this up.
Avoid any trade on today Monday opening with.lot of news in market. #Brexit #RussianCollusion #Ukraine #Italy #Europe
“We will remain friends till the end of days. And one day longer.” But not such close friends as we had been. Not even friends with benefits. #Brexit
It’s hard to conceive why there would be votes for deal. PM May is taking public for a ride. Top of things wanted is sovereignty not suffrage.
The #bollockstobrexitbus Will be coming to Scotland. Come and support it.
Replace women with people of colour, Jews, immigrants, whatever you want. There's no compromise. Just like there's no compromise in Brexit. You either want a progressive, inclusive nation or you want a utopian fantasy island with only white people on.
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU • Great summary of all the various considerations surrounding the negotiations of recent weeks and months
Even the leader of the Lab remain campaign said his contribution was 'risible'. Lab MPs tell us if he wasn't leader he would be with Hoey working for #Brexit
Good You can resign You've never represented you constituents anyway! Build on means an addition to - an extension to your Hse. You can't extend or build on to a house that doesn't exist. TBC YOUR deal = CFP+ whatever the 27 nations you've abused, want. Bye Ross Good Riddance
Why state that Britain is proud to end Freedom of movement? This is patently untru given the vocal opposition to the Brexit agenda north and south of the border. The 50k threshold you refer to is NOT a UK Govt statement.
Rather extraordinary interview of Tony Blair on today. Blair characterised “what Boris Johndon wants” as “proper #Brexit”. So there we have it!
Well said Sarah ... come and join us in Labour!
NBCNews: WATCH: British PM May announces approval of Brexit deal by European Union leaders.
Don't think so. A few will get agitated for sure but most don't really care over much providing they can go for a ruby and a Tiger beer. #Brexit
Legend apart. I agree the real Brexit is lost. The only way to get real Brexit now is to Remain. The Govt is to blame, jointly and severally.
Tories pushing Europhobic agenda to support right-wing delusional Tory loons...UK will stay in customs union without a fishing deal, says Macron extremist
Individually, or by a mass pre-prepared email by party headquarters? This sounds suspiciously like the Brexit deal plan to sell it to the nation we saw the other week. #snollygoster
Let the scaremongering begin ... #brexit
Okay BBC2...seeing a pattern here, now we're being spoon fed "Britain's Biggest Warship". This is coincidentally on Brexit sign-off day, but Rule Brittania anyway and to hell with Jonny foreigner. Glad you won't be my State Broadcaster for much longer. #DissolveTheUnion
Top News - Brexit LIVE: Angela Merkel's allies issue GRAVE warning to UK 'A HISTORIC MISTAKE' |
Dinner (The correct answer is chilli) #brexit #TheresaMay #conservatives
Which is nowhere near as good as the one we already have. you hence have NOT secured a brighter future for the UK. It was a poisoned chalice your cowardly Tory colleagues gave you but Brexit is not the answer. #Remain
The latest The wolfsrebellen Daily! Thanks to #brexit #implantfiles
There were already 90+ Tory MPs preparing to vote against the Brexit deal as it was ahead of today’s summit. Emmanuel Macron’s comments today will only have augmented that number, one suspects.
The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse
brexit
Medical detoxification is the process of cleansing an addict's body from the chemicals and toxins , #tvn, #namjihyun, #concours, #freebiefriday, #brexit, #WorldDiabetesDay
My Official View on Brexit: 5/5 I love you all. Thanks!
Fear of a far right resurgence is not a reason to carry on with Brexit regardless. Show some backbone Flint, admit you're wrong #peoplesvote
With a second referendum a Brexit Terms plan versus Remain the U.K. public would be more informed than when we the previous referendum.
New software for the Maybot please - quickly!
Middle England by Jonathan Coe review – Brexit comedy via
EU leaders okay Brexit deal with UK - Top News, Tribune
Forget your views ... I bet these protesters haven't read a single page.
This just proves it:
More pertinently, if Labour hadn't alienated their working class voter base with the noxious neoliberal Blair years then the right-wing guttersnipes wouldn't have been able to recruit them for UKIP Trying to pin this on Corbyn? LOLCANOES Little wonder the Guardian is derided so
The scary thing is they really do think their opinion means more than the 17.4 #brexit
Very disappointing. I was hoping for life.
EU leaders agree Brexit deal
I Blame the Brexit Sectaries
Not just the young Anna,
Outflows from UK equity funds since Brexit vote hit $1tn
May Writes ‘Letter to the Nation‘ Begging for Brexit Deal Support via
EU Endorses Brexit Divorce Deal but Hard Work Lies Ahead
This time next month I’ll be arguing with a loved oabout Brexit, or sound asleep.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
No. But we do have a manifesto of commitments that he or she is undertaking. That did NOT exist for brexit
Disgusting. Put her on trial.
He wont be missed so why not go now!
2/2 71 % of imports. Many countries around the world essentially now operate to align with REACH, so we will still align with REACH because otherwise more than 61 % of our exports will face massive issues. We just won't write the rules any more. Well done Brexit.
I am so utterly despairing of Labour under Corbyn. If this really is his cunning plan, does he not grasp the massive backfire of letting Brexit happen? We'll never forgive him his collusion with the Tories in taking the country down. (Don't believe me? Look at the Lib Dems.)
Absolutely. But getting this message across to a nation that is fed up with Brexit is now the challenge.
I certainly won't. Did you get being the Tories after 2010?
How to Use Twitter to Capitalize on Influencer Marketing | #freebiefriday, #brexit, &amp;quot;Black Friday &amp;quot; #onlineshopping , #blackfridayshopping #cybermonday
Well I'd rather not see Brexit!
It will pass through the commons with no problems,the place is full of wankers, you have shown throughout #brexit that you are the only one in there with a backbone
Lol corbyn's fault comments.
He wants Brexit. Simples.
Meanwhile, in other news, World War III could be about to break out in Eastern Europe. But now let's get back to Theresa May trying to sell us a Brexit deal that's acceptable to nobody. #WhileYouWereLookingTheOtherWay #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
PM issues fresh warning to MPs after EU leaders back her Brexit deal - but with a tinge of sadness
Deeply saddened by #Brexit, really concerned by #GiletsJaunes protest, I have just devoured an enormous tin of monkfish livers and drank two glasses of Montepulciano. What else to say but Vive l’Europe! #BonneNuitLesAmis
Good article.
My dear friend Prof. Farhang Jahanpour discuss about Brexit on BBC Persian. Part 1
New post (Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?) has been published on -
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
BoJo calls for NI-Scotland bridge, dropping Brexit divorce payments at DUP conference
Sure, when Brexit's internet censorship, which Mr. Collins is so keen on...
Let's put this in big letter so even the hard of understanding get it: THERE IS NO BREXIT DIVIDEND THE BREXIT DIVIDEND IS A LIE
This is a so must read - somebody else can read
Not a chance ................ The fight goes on We voted Brexit Mr lewis but you are not listening ... Yet
Good riddance!
EU leaders approve Brexit deal and urge Britons to back it
Majestic stockpiles ahead of #Brexit as it plans for “tough times”
Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement – what it all means
Exactly. Sometimes I get caught up and click on the subtwit to see what is there. Most of the time a cycle hater but when it's a big Brexit day like today there is a lot of subtwits of Rabid Julia
Please don’t bother to invite Jeremy Corbyn. He seems to have nothing useful to say on the subject.
BBC News - Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Juncker
I think that Rory Stewart is the only person whose career is being enhanced by the Brexit deal
#Brexit Politics. #YouTube Video. #Juhan Aare From Estonia Supporting &amp; Wishing The leaving UK Well.
"If we didn't have this union...we'd be creating it now." Exactly.
Yep, this is how representative democracy was meant to work. The representative telling us what we want.
So this is the Beginning of the End of England with the EU ? Will the Primeminister nevertheless still be using the Eurotrain Brussels - London ? Quote, I will pray to God for a 2nd Referendum Madam ... thanx... via
If you’re a Teaching Assistant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this failure! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Theresa May has called for a "national debate" on her Brexit deal.
you gotta be kidding me 60 mill for that . it's not labours new brexit plan is it.
Rod I feel 100% more comfortable finding away through any issues with no deal rather than this sell out. But to do it we need a PM that believes in Brexit and will kick civil service ass.
But I still believe it’s all a well orchestrated strategy by T May to have a WTO brexit
Brexit. It’s like All Bran. Old people said it would be great, young people aren’t swallowing it and all everyone knows for sure is that a giant shit’s brewing. #Brexit #allbran
65 % voted remain. I'd say it looks an awful lot like they're getting force-fed brexit. And - without any doubt whatsoever - brexit is a very, very bad idea. Indisputable now. And Sturgeon is absolutely right about that.
Brilliant analysis, here. May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
The latest Re-Define Daily Review! Thanks to #eurozone #brexit
Stupified. Did JHB really say that?
#brexit So true. WTF have I done the queen probably says #wethepeople #MAGA
My dear friend Prof. Farhang Jahanpour discuss about Brexit on BBC Persian. Part 2
And that is so typical. Did I say stop Brexit? No.. There are many consequences to just walking out the door. It needs careful negotiation, beyond just the UK getting back control. We've been enmeshed for over 40 years. Try walking out of a 40 year marriage without consequences.
The latest The martynware Daily! Thanks to #brexit #health
This
She is aiming for a Vote No on her deal and a 2nd Referendum or a no brexit. This is the plan. She had the ultimate excuse then. She did try then they messed it up..She is in the clear wake up
I've made my choice. Please make yours. Thank you.
I really can't believe that these people don't have some covert financial interest in selling us down the river like this.
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal International - News Express Nigeria via
Maybe not a perfectly representative sample of voters there... #FullBrexitProExit Full Brexit Pro Exit #FBPE
EUROPE NEWS:
Good riddance!
Did you also deduce that she is banking on Corbyn demanding a peoples vote? So he/labour take the blame for no the final ‘no Brexit’. A plan the Borgias would be proud of!
Let's hope she gives up #Liverpool Then we an move forward with no deal Brexit. Win win.
This. Parliament needs to abandon Brexit in the national interest or agreeing to invoke Article 50 will go down as one of the worst things the Commons has ever done. And if you think Corbyn will save the day, remember he demanded A50 be invoked THE MORNING AFTER THE REFERENDUM.
It’s their duty to support the democratic majority who voted to leave the EU not act as a puppet of the EU gravy train unelected politicians, anybody who votes this thru should be deselected at the next election.
Good to see young female politician take a leading role #AskHertoStand
“Bollocks to Brexit” bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn.
"The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it" George #Orwell Which should have been the #UK #conservatives path of escape from #brexit but #egos &amp; questionable relationships keep the #tories going toward the cliff! This does show the depth of #corruption in the #tory party.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
He probably dares because he has seen the number of doctors and nurses coming from the EU plummeting, money to the NHS drying up especially in the event of No Deal Brexit and the lack of the UK to be able to ensure medical supplies including for treatments like chemotherapy...
If only...
More Brexit ironies.
WOW this just happened!!
You are a liar, a sell out, a puppet of the deep state &amp; a back stabber. I do not support you in any way, shape or form with Brexit and you are not making a deal that is best for anyone in the UK. Please resign and resign NOW. Before you make things worse. #ThanQ
YOU made it clear that wants a No Deal Brexit. Every word that comes out of your mouth is a lie that goes unchallenged. Some day the piper has to be paid and that day is fast approaching
He just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
The latest GRIMSBY newsroom! Thanks to #grimsby #brexit
Like I said. Let's come back here post Commons to see. #labour will crap itself over bringing no deal closer &amp; they won't want A50 extended after all they have said about uncertainty #brexit
How many canned unoriginal Brexit argument responses till we get bored of them?
The mans a clown.
May herself has been re-elected though just barely. As for Cameron, remember a key part of his re-election campaign was promising the Brexit vote.
Magda... You are always welcome.. It is Treason May, Fagend Fraudage and the rest of the treasonous brexit bunch who are not welcome.
That's a different argument and one that's likely to be bogged down by whether you voted for Brexit or not.
How? They were bypassed. x
The Great British Brexit Quiz
They'll do anything to destabilise and get a run at governing. Thie event would be worse than #Brexit for jobs and security #secondreferendum
Sounding like just Caroline Flint &amp; John Mann from the Labour side + 1 Lib Dem with May vs. 91 Tories + 1 Green, 10 DUP, 11 LDs, 4 Plaid, 35 SNP &amp; 256 Labour MPs voting against
Probably the same idiots that believed this. Brexit has been filled with lies and dodgy deals. If putin wants Brexit you know it's a bad idea. It's going to result in the breakup of the U.K.
Boris Johnson and Nicola Sturgeon seems unlikely debate topics, Krishnan. Perhaps the PM could debate Deal v No Deal v No Brexit WITH the two of them.
Just doing some reading in preparation for a no deal Brexit
Also it's what the Spanish think:
just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
So on the day #TheresaMay signs off on #BREXIT a convenient crisis againts the percieved common enemy #Russia &amp; eu puppets #Ukrain occurs.. ..will be used to highlight the need for an allied Europe &amp; formation of the #EUarmy
May you have your Brexit under the best plan possible... the UK deserves its freedom!
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Are you suggesting that the UK will in fact not flourish as a result of Brexit and will actually be the distressed party in forthcoming negotiations from whom concessions can be extracted? Mike! You need to believe more! *We* hold all the cards!! #schrodingersbrexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
EU *generally* only allows 90 days for other EU/EEA citizens before residency must be applied for (FR an exception) - no change after Brexit, except new visa will cover the 90 days. Believe me, Brexit won't change much for Brits with an income, a residence and medical cover.
Now get on board Laura. Stop being a detractor. You work for BRITISH Broadcasting Corp. And stop for fuck sake laughing continuously on Brexit Podcast.
This time next month, I’ll be arguing with a relative about Brexit, or sound asleep.
The proposed deal is dreadful, too. The objective national interest should be your priority, ahead of party or personal interests. The rights and benefits of EU membership are more valuable than implementing this Brexit. Don't appease: but please do support a #PeoplesVote.
At least Brexit it matters, imagine being the people who constantly tweet about Macedonia's name.
Yeah, but with any luck Brexit will be found to be illegal and void. #dreamingagain
Hitler, Stalin , Pol Pot, the President from the film Idiocracy,&amp; Jesus Christ’s descendant from the show Preacher...they’d all have negotiated better than you, on Brexit ...that’s how awful you’ve deliberately been. Well done I suppose, depending on your POV...
May shouldn’t have the power to sign anything on behalf of the UK until Brexit vote in HOC is sorted .
"If there is one lesson the UK should take from Yugoslavia it is this: referendums are terrible"
Got that. I've voted UKIP and Tory in the past in these terms. The party political system extant does not afford the opportunity to specifically support what I want; an independent England free of both UK and the EU. A WTO Brexit is the priority. And a good start!
BBCNEWS 11:31am EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL UNSAFE MEDICAL IMPLANTS
The Brexit vote will be very anti-climatic and boring, and May will pass her deal. If it fails first time it'll go to a second vote, possibly after minor concessions that change nothing. If it becomes apparent there are no other deals in the table then it'll marginally pass. /1
May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
Labours vision for brexit is retaining both CU and SM.
EU officials given date for crunch Brexit vote in Commons Sent via
Bank Of England Says It Can't Do Much To Counter Economic Damage From Supply Problems If There's A No-Deal Brexit. #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Where are the letters
Ask yourself who stands to gain from Brexit. Putin does, as he breaks up the EU and weakens all of Europe, just as he’s done in America by installing Trump. The Brits were victimized by FB &amp; tons of fake news, or they’d never have voted as they did.
Painful or Pointless!
The Labour Party on Twitter
Tories pushing Europhobic agenda to support right-wing delusional Tory loons...mOOps brexiteers are angry... UK will stay in customs union without a fishing deal, says Macron
#LAUGHINGStock #VassalState! #TREASON #LIAR!#BLACKMAIL Dear #Citizens of the #UK-#EU #Colony #FourthReich -#StandUp4Brexit! #INCOMPETENT #PM #TheresaMay just #BETRAYED ALL #UKCitizens #PRETENDING #EURatified #BrexitinNameOnly meets #DEMANDS of #REAL #BREXIT! #MayMustGONOW! #DUP
Belter.
If there was referendum for all politicians to jump off a cliff without a parachute... would they still march on regardless without a second thought? Why can’t England try out brexit first like they did with us and the poll tax??
This piece by Prof speaks about the South Asian diaspora who oppose regressive governments in the west but support the same in their home countries. In comparison, I loathe 'immigrants for Brexit' far less.
Even if the tune is #offkey #outofdate
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal the Brexit unicorn broke its neck at the last fence but the jockey T. May (amateur) is dragging its rotting carcass to the finish line. We demand a stewards inquiry and a #peoplesvote
New post (The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial) has been published on Parsian English News -
Oh, that's good then!
Coming to a post Brexit UK soon. Who needs EU food standards anyway
Brexit according Fry and Laurie, thirty years before the fact. Great Britain, "the troubled democracy giant."
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Stitch up.
Do you intend to go ahead with this even if the majority of the electorate now believes that Brexit is a mistake? And if so, how do you reconcile your decision with the democratic values you claim to espouse, or have any realistic hope that your actions will bring unity?
Theresa May looks EVER MORE likely to be taking UK towards Brexit no-deal, says MACER HALL///If only that were true?Either MrsMay is a traitor or a very clever Politician who is playing with our futures
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May. THAT STATEMENT TELLS YOU ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW. GOOD FOR BRUSSELS SHIT FOR US | Reuters #fo2eu
BBC News: EU leaders agree Brexit deal via /r/worldnews
/cc Why are you not telling the truth, Jeremy? You know *any* #Brexit will cause greatest harm to those you claim to represent, yet still refuse to expose this con on a nation. Why? #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
A lady I canvassed today told me you were going to sort out the Brexit fiasco. I said ‘he can’t do a worse job than our government is at the moment’. (She looked a bit confused).
Feel free to show us all where the EU ballot paper mentioned Scotland. If it didn’t, your party position on Brexit is proven as lies. You DO NOT speak for all Remain votes in Scotland, so stop trying to hijack their vote for your own divisive cause.
It's a lie
May signs Brexit deal as Cabinet plot against her Sent via
Because this whole premise is based on Ireland helping the uk to save face with their dumb brexit. If They need our help, why shouldn’t we have the Dail over Westminster?
Wow. To put this tweet out BEFORE your public events is bizarre and shows contempt for the people H&amp;H who voted remain. If you think the deal is so good why not give us a chance to vote on it ? #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Caving into the far right and giving it the Brexit it craves will be putting austerity on steroids, and Bannon and his ilk are standing by to exploit it. Don't let them.
She lost me when she said Brexit means Brexit.
Put to one side the lies and deceit of the 2016 #Brexit debacle. Ignore ALL the rhetoric. Simply, did anyone really vote for this carnage and to be poorer? On every single issue we will be worse off with this mess. There is a way out. #Remain
When we have two brexit secretary’s resigning, something is badly wrong with May’s deal, there are too many good decent people against the deal.
Exactly
Totally agree.
BLAME THE RUSSIAN'S, THEY WANT TO TRY JULIAN ASSANGE, KILLED SEFH RICH, RESPONSIBLE FOR CHEMICAL ATTACK'S IN SYRIA AND SO ON AND SO ON.
#LAUGHINGStock #VassalState! #TREASON #LIAR!#BLACKMAIL Dear #Citizens of the #UK-#EU #Colony #FourthReich -#StandUp4Brexit! #INCOMPETENT #PM #TheresaMay just #BETRAYED ALL #UKCitizens #PRETENDING #EURatified #BrexitinNameOnly meets #DEMANDS of #REAL #BREXIT! #MayMustGONOW! #DUP
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
The biggest voice in the UK is the people! I now back no political party however will battle for a proper Brexit! Let them all show their true colours we the people control who speaks for us and if they disrespect our nations referendum decision more fool them! #democracy
EU is the winner and UK the loser!
Word of the day brexit n (toht-l krap) The undefined being negotiated by the unprepared in order to get the unspecified for the uninformed.
"The EU wants to make an example of Great Britain, a sanction beyond any economic or political reason"
As you continue to struggle to make even your own staff give a damn about your debates campaign.
No point to this socialism is there - ask the protesters in France
London will be given back to the Arabs,Chester back to Rome and the isle of Dogs to a conglomerate of Labradors and Staffies the way it's going on!!!
This government has borrowed more money than all previous Labour governments combined. Huge rise in food banks and increasing sanctions on the poor and disabled. It's not hard to figure out where our money is going. A party of spivs and chancers. #Austerity #ToryCuts #Brexit
Have another. Just after the #Brexit referendum in June 2016.
For the ''EU CRITICAL'' who think the EU can be 'reformed'... #Brexit
I’ve seen 3 separate polls asking for or against #Brexit deal. 2 had over 10k responses. Both over 90% reject it.
‘Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power’
STOP BREXIT via
And I've seen people forgetting that #ProjectFear was invented by the #leave campaign to dismiss potential problems. "Project Fear told us this so it is what we voted for" is the type of statement I'm seeing #Brexit supporters use.
Men of principle? Seumas and Corbyn? Doesn't sound like it from this.
1/Since when are Leave voters Right wing?! 2/Is Indy2 a self defeating red line for yoursef? 3/Staying in SM and CU is not Brexit as you know, so please #RespectDemocracy
Spent chunk of weekend binge listening (if that’s a thing) to the brilliantly insightful Brexit: A Love Story by It’s wonderfully put together. Dread to say it but it Kind of points to another 45 years of on/off Euro romance me. Definitely worth a download
The British (especially Tory) Government never ever, Never Fucking Ever, do anything in the interest of the English/British people. It's all about them and their Jewish Rothschild's Masters. That's why Bankers &amp; Politicians get Obscene Bonuses for Fucking up economies... !!!
Tories must not be allowed to run out the Brexit clock
Here’s a list of Tory MPs on Twitter, get tweeting your concerns about the big May betrayal #brexit #RemainerNow #Leave
Brexit: What comes next for the Prime Minister and her deal with the EU?
"May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament" -
Thank you, though I don’t believe I’m better than Brexit.
European leaders were united in saying this is the best Brexit deal they can offer — and it can't be renegotiated if U.K. lawmakers reject it.
Yes Brexit means Brexit
Brexit British Nationalist Nonsense betrays Scottish Fishing Industry.
Sanctimonious little prick. What of the generation of workless youths across Europe, trapped by German centred economic policy that simply doesn’t work for Greece, Spain or Italy? Does he feel sadness for what he and his self aggrandising, elitist EU pals have done to them?
#LAUGHINGStock #VassalState! #TREASON #LIAR!#BLACKMAIL Dear #Citizens of the #UK-#EU #Colony #FourthReich -#StandUp4Brexit! #INCOMPETENT #PM #TheresaMay just #BETRAYED ALL #UKCitizens #PRETENDING #EURatified #BrexitinNameOnly meets #DEMANDS of #REAL #BREXIT! #MayMustGONOW! #DUP
EU summit agrees Brexit deal and warns it is not open for renegotiation via
‘It’s A Tragedy’: EU Approves Brexit Sellout via
What's the point of Brexit if you still have to floss?
STOP BREXIT
via Brexit deal: EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom
It’s obvious what the right #Brexit deal is: Single Market/Customs Union membership, with a right to participate in decision making at Commission, Council and Parliament level. EU would happily give the UK such a deal.
May and Corbyn are just two sides of the same coin. Albeit not sure about Ms. May taking money from Putin.
I see, that brings us back to Martina's request to the Irish PM vis-a-vis the status of their EU citizenship. Going back to my original question, if the people of N.Ireland are classed as Irish EU citizens living abroad post Brexit, then who's responsible for their pensions?
NIGEL Farage got into a heated debate with a caller who said they “felt sorry” for Theresa May, reminding them that she was not made Prime Minister “against her will”!...
'Sovranists' can't grasp overlapping identities, shared sovereignty and jurisdiction. They're a Hobbsian caricature with no understanding of modern times. #Brexit
If the Brexit was a success story others will leave as the UK did.
Traitor
Who's winning? My point was that as a nation Scotland voted to remain &amp; it's hard not to feel hard done by. Consideration has been given to Gibraltar &amp; NI but not to Scotland who voted 62% Remain (vs 46% in England). I will never be ok with Brexit. The truth is, we all lose.
It’s not just breakup of UK from Brexit. It’s the weakening of UK for decades. Add the real possibility that we will rejoin EU at some pt this means we lose all of what we have today in terms of opt outs when we do rejoin. The madness of Brexit is irreparable IF it goes through
#NoDealBrexit means #NoFreshWater So, Brexit means Dysentery not Brexit.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
"No-deal #Brexit wouldn’t just be a disaster for Scotland but also threatens integrity of the UK."
What is the forecast cost of brexit. Government should tell us their prediction but will they? Make them. via
Thank you for your letter . I ask if you would give guidance on what will happen to the service sector, as a result of Brexit? We are, after all a service industry nation. 1/2
?? is there such a thing as bad beer?? no, i didn't think so...especially on a rainy day in Streatham (sounds brexit-ish)
#LAUGHINGStock #VassalState! #TREASON #LIAR!#BLACKMAIL Dear #Citizens of the #UK-#EU #Colony #FourthReich -#StandUp4Brexit! #INCOMPETENT #PM #TheresaMay just #BETRAYED ALL #UKCitizens #PRETENDING #EURatified #BrexitinNameOnly meets #DEMANDS of #REAL #BREXIT! #MayMustGONOW! #DUP
This is bigger than brexit.... Why isn't anyone in the media taling about it.
When we leave on WTO ...eu will crap it’s self and beg uk for a trade deal ...imo tell them to go fuck themselves and trade with the WORLD
Brexit is something I really don't understand.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron | Politics | The Guardian
And where did this lead us? Record votes for Ukip, Brexit and the normalisation of far-right arguments on immigration. ENDS
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
What will happen if UK Parliament REJECTS Theresa May's Brexit deal? #brexitdeal
Me too ursula
+'Britten-Norman' part-owned by Oman's Zawawi family, who make planes on the Isle of Wight (Oakeshott's home) having brought production back from Romania, but now threatening to go, having signed a big Chinese deal..while Bombardier has to cut 450 NI jobs.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
If #Teresa May survives, #Rory Stewart will be an essential component of her post-Brexit government. Few British politicians speak with as much lucidity, levelheadedness and historic sensibility as Stewart does. #BrexitDeal
Conjuror in chief has tied the once great party in knots
Here’s hoping!
#EUNOTFORME #MAY MUST NOT BE TRSUTED. EU DICTATORS MUST NOT BE TRUSTED. GET US OUT OF THEIR DICTATOSHIP THAT DESTROYS THE COUNTRY AND ITS FUTURE. NO DEAL, NO HALF BAKED #BREXIT, HARD BREXIT!!
It's called desperation by a desperate PM lost in her own propaganda or continuing to tell the same porky pies as always, you choose!
WE ARE IN FOR ONE HELL OF A RIDE IF THIS SCENARIO PLAYS OUT !!..."A NEW PEOPLES VOTE" IS MAYBE THE ONLY WAY OUT OF THIS TORY MESS...OR MAYBE JUST WITHDRAW ARTICLE 50 FOR GOOD !! #FBPE #StopBrexit #ToriesOut
STOP BREXIT
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Correction. UK-EU stitch up
Where are the letters
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent Maybe..just maybe
#Look, if this guy thinks its a good deal then we have to beware
Please read your colleague’s critique before you make up your mind.
Brexit is indeed a folly. 'The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain.'
If the Brexit is a success story others will leave as the UK did.
I didn't see any racism. I voted with the whole of the UK in mind because cultures/ideologies incompatible with our liberal values must be stopped from growing. Ever asked why traditional labour strongholds in the North of England voted Brexit in such large numbers?
BREXIT PREDICTION: Will Theresa May get her Brexit deal through parliament? Yes, or no?
More like an 11th hour realisation by many electors that Brexit was mis-sold in 2016 and we are better off Remaining. That's why #PeoplesVote is needed for the #finalsay
The EU conscript army is not just to address the EU's dreadful youth unemployment. war is coming with Russia- we will be best out of it.
This deal ain't going through
Investment, Brexit and the challenge of IP for the UK space industry - #startup UKTN
Basically I stand by every word of this.
Ppl most pleased with Brexit are Russia, the Arabs, China... A weakened EU &amp; Britain is to their advantage. Strengthens them.
After #Brexit will #Remainers be able to claim asylum in the EU? #StopBrexit
How you like them apples. This is wot ur cosying up to. #Brexiteers #brexit
Calls on the public, but rules out a second referendum. "I care what you think but not enough to let you tell me what that actually is".
Brilliant thread on New Labour and immigration: their constant aping of racist, far-right rhetoric, dehumanising voucher systems, over a decade of endless crackdowns and "tough" new legislation - and even on its own terms, it didn't work
e.u total o.k with brexit
Exactly why I'll fight against Brexit until end (3 Grandsons 10,7,3) their Parents (Two hard working Sons in 40s) were brought up as 'Europeans' &amp; have benefitted greatly from the priviledge of FOM &amp; also from the prosperity &amp; security of being part of European Union #StopBrexit
Why is opposed to a #WTOBrexit? You have dozens of allies outside the EU committed to fast-tracking trade agreements with you. Australia committed to a day-after-Brexit agreement! Someone remind her of FDR's words, "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."
"We can get cheap food from the US after Brexit" they said. "Too much EU red tape" they said "The public are sick of expects" etc....
N.b the second to last sentence is bollocks. Scottish nationalism, like Brexit, is driven solely by resentment. Otherwise by definition it wouldn't exist. Would it?.
Yea, let's not. #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
He just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
Sad is this stupid deal that,will not last regardless of what May or Brexiteers say. Either it fails to materialise or it's reversed later. Brexit; a monumental waste of time, money &amp; effort.
#Britain opposition #LabourParty in the #UK Parliament will reject the #Brexit agreement reached with the #EuropeanUnion its leader . has reiterated, calling it a "bad deal" for the country. #MNA
Did the Channel Islands vote for Brexit? Asking for a friend.
I am going to try and use the adage if you can’t say something nice don’t say anything, so Brexit, Strictly and I’m a celebrity will hopefully not get comments from me but is still a CUNT so he is still fair game
"What we need to ask is whether a man closely allied to people like Bannon and supportive of Viktor Orbán should be allowed to amplify his propaganda unchallenged on our broadcast media.
He just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
You can’t get much worse than dying, and that’s what austerity is doing already. The difference is Brexit will hit the middle classes, so I find a lot of this outcry over the poor in bad taste, although I know that wasn’t your intention.
May is the cause of the disaster of Brexit - a proper leader would have been firm instead of capitulation and producing a Surrender Document
Scary stuff..
No hard Brexit now. If those UK amd EU same politicians still in power, Reasonable person can see many current unsolved issues plus Gibraltar- be solved in next 2 or 4 years. Further Extention and backstop always are sure -happening.
My MP takes £40K+ in donations from a Singapore businessman but I'm supposed to believe he cares about workers in #Annan or South of Scotland businesses post-Brexit?
Yes but the principle of concent you refer to does in fact mean the union is negotiable . The agreement does not undermine it at all, the whole brexit project undermines the union as it has forced something unwanted in the majority in the north.
With Trump in the White House, the US is neutered. Europe and the UK are too busy with Brexit.
Putin is doing this at best time possible to leverage EU confusion with BREXIT and implied thread of gas issues
He just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
The years of UK giving all away has started in earnest, as though PM's deal has won through! Someone fearless who knows what's what needs to get a grip and sort her out! democratic brexit needs to be fulfilled. Better to leave now on WTO rules than a bad deal!
That is what a sensible government should do, but we don't hav a sensible government
BLIND AND BLANK BREXIT - UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
#EU summit agrees #Brexit deal and warns it is not open for renegotiation
#EU summit agrees #Brexit deal and warns it is not open for renegotiation
Prime Minister, You have described Remainers as saboteurs and enemies of the people. And you now rejoice in removing our #freemovement rights, upon which I personally depend for my work. You ask me to back your #Brexit deal. Kindly go to hell.
Coming to a post #Brexit UK soon. Who needs EU food standards anyway
The BBC’ s favourite Brexit commentator running off at the mouth again. He is like a parrot who has learnt to complain, but when asked what he would do simply squawks half baked half heard ideas that others around him have spoken of (whilst also not understanding)
What utter B . MAY ripped the label off a Remainer Beer &amp; wrote “Finest Brexit Champagne - starting at £39bn”. Who is stupid enough to buy this cr . Gross Negligence.Resign,put in Brexiteer Cabinet &amp; give us WTO &amp; out of all EU bodies including EU Army
He just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
Wait she now wants us to back her deal, but I was under the impression the country was already behind it considering she kept going on and on about "strong and stable" and "Brexit means Brexit" wonder what happened.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
As The republic of Leikovia lies within the UK, #Brexit and the #BrexitDeal is of unparalleled importance to the well-being of the nation and its people. Let us all hope that whatever happens, it works for everyone.
Meanwhile remoaner typical move is to strut around telling everyone #Brexit will be terrible no matter What!
Prime Minister Theresa May cannot get away with lying to the nation to sell her Brexit betrayal deal. MP’s must reject this at all costs. Locked in orbit in an EU customs union, with no option of ever leaving, is NOT WHAT WE VOTED FOR! #MayMustGo
Brexit deal: Nicola Sturgeon wants leaders' debate on draft agreement
On LBC 7.45pm UK time chatting Brexit and where we go from here if parliament rejects the deal
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Now over 52000 signatures May has betrayed Britain over #Brexit Please sign and retweet this petition as widely as possible Let's achieve 100,000 signatures. Send our Government a message #StandUp4Brexit #Ridge #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo
Piers talks utter shit. But this actually seems about right. #Brexit
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week
Of course the Communists will all stick together.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Well, tough shit, frankly.
'Alexa, who did it?' What happens when a judge in a murder trial wants data from a smart home speaker
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week
As always predicted; &amp; simply subsumed into the ‘progressive’ pan nationalist coalition (masquerading as a Remain coalition). SF- &amp; their convicted bomber spokeswoman- now speak for them all.
you fell into your own trap Johnson, by confirming that if we accept May’s Brexit (cont)
Complete bag of shit!
Perfect Storm: Brexit; an Establishment Slamdunk of #UnimaginableConsequence. To ring down the century as Greatest #EUPonziScheme of all time. Don't believe it? All will be crystal clear in cold harsh light of day. As Establisment crows the moment it's enshrined in law by HRM
He just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
#Botox to #Brexit? Everybody would know what it meant? Or B ?
But if you get the wrong answer again?
You've been a mega Brexit cheerleader throughout. Now you've got it and you're washing your hands of it. Meanwhile I and every other UK citizen are losing our freedom of movement in Europe. YOU are in part responsible for that. You have brought total disgrace onto UK politics.
- looks like B'liar.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Caroline we need to bring home now futile her attempts to woo the country to her side is by those letters to the nation and that she doesn't have the numbers in the commons to get it through and that she would be better to go with no deal brexit would be better for NI and Gib
So thin NG that may await us after Brexit... Eek!
UK would run out of clean water within days of No Deal Brexit, #Gove believes. Bloody rich coming from this knobhead who accused the #Remain camp of scaremongering during the referendum! We don’t have politicians of stature or integrity any more!
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
#Brexit is a disaster for Scotland you useless incompetent treacherous Tory arse. You know perfectly well the 62% of Scotland voted Remain because Your Tory Brexit Deal will result in a loss of 80,000 jobs and 12%GDP loss
Well, looks like Brexit is about to shaft this country beyond recognition. Scheduling an emergency hop across the channel in December to stock up on champagne.
He just needs to be a bit more - a front bencher prepared to expressly support the #PeoplesVote in public #Brexit #StopBrexit #chester
66 million people beg to differ
Yet you contine to shit on the single biggest political campaign in living memory "because Corbyn". If you think he's so impotent on this matter, when other MPs in his own Party are literally handing him instructions on how to combat Brexit, why do you still support him?
That scene in Top Gun when Goose ejects... That's going to be Britain when it finally leaves the UK. #Brexit #brexitshambles
Is this you?
Tune into tonight for on Trump, asylum and the courts; latest on Brexit; and FL’s homeless after hurricane Michael.
Perhaps it's because we (currently) live in a place where freedom of speech and an opinion is deemed to be acceptable?
We have to get it, one way or another...
Ain’t no done deal. This is where it gets interesting. Brexit won’t happen
Every Brexit supporting person I know doesn’t read the Daily Mail....
Exciting start to a Sunday, taking part in The Sunday Politics North East and Cumbria. It’s always a pleasure to talk to , even when getting a grilling over healthcare, congestion, and the B-word! #bbcsp #bbcpoliticsnorth #brexit
A deal is a 2 way thing - I’m still struggling to see where we get our bit in the divorce agreement. Please advise.
Theresa May could have sent her letter by email, but - GDPR. Which will still apply post Brexit. Which is just one example of how we aren’t ‘taking back control...’ Ever felt conned? #GetTheToriesOut #GeneralElectionNow
What a pratt!
This would avoid economic hardships of #Brexit; but the UK would not be a rule-taker, because it would have a full say in all rules applicable to it.
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial | Opinion | The Guardian
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Will time for a celebration!!!
They think that if they were to sabotage BREXIT and cause 17.3 million ANGRY BREXITEERS to wander the streets looking for vengeance that they could still continue to enjoy the peace and tranquillity of the British countryside taking a quiet drive in their BMW's wearing lederhosen
She wants corbyn to lead the charge for the peoples vote... so she can say Corbyn stopped Brexit. It’s a clever plan. Whoever triggers the second referendum is doomed.
Yes, I back #BrExit deal by #PrimeMinisterMay. To not do so is akin to a working example presented to all UK young people that fast money &amp; only fast money by any means is acceptable, that has no rules, despite the long term chronic damage currently evident from the past decades.
Want our approval for Brexit? Prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that it is good, and we do mean good, for the UK, but we don't think you can do that legally or legitimately
Theresa May is a proven politician to make blunders, her general election blunder when she lost a Conservative majority is one, while I don't know all the details of her brexit deal, from what I'm hearing it sounds like another blunder, only this one is more disastrously serious.
Yup. As a remain voter in Scotland I feel very bitter towards May after all she’s done and said. I’ll never get behind her Deal, or indeed any Brexit. If anything, her rhetoric has hardened my position and this horrible letter is the tin lid.
You are f*cking joking. This is exactly why brexit came about. This is a pact likley to affect British local communities. No consultation. AGAIN!!!! Where was this stated in the tory manifesto. UK public have no say. This will back fire.
Enough of the dismal Brexit, I have spent all day watching and certainly enjoying The Complete Set of Alan Bennett’s ‘Talking Heads’, what a great set of Monologues in this collection and what a great acting from Thora Hird, Patrica Routledge, David Haig, Maggie Smith &amp; the rest
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
British PM announces approval of Brexit deal by E.U. leaders
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
A few right wing delusional loons who lied about Brexit seem to have won and the rest of us are stuck paying for their xenophobia because of Ms May being more interested in power than what is best for the UK!
"The English in particular have never been ruled by anybody else." Nice of Marr to remind Scotland, Wales &amp; N Ireland they are ruled by England. What else can he mean? He can't be talking historically as the Romans, Vikings, Saxons, Angles, Jutes and Normans demolishes that pish
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
I think that there is a need to be vigilant with crowdfunding campaigns, and some people really do dislike the concept of crowdfunding the fight against Brexit/ for our future, but crowdfunding seems too often to be a stick to beat those we disagree with. is honourable.
Had the PM come back with a good deal for Britain, one which didn't maroon us in a permanent customs union; a deal which delivered on the ref result - would Parliament approve it? No. By giving MPs a "meaningful vote" we've ensured, in fact, that no Brexit deal will be approved.
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Citizens' rights ? We have our own bill of rights , have had since 1689 .#brexit
It's not the anti-Brexit campaign (a campaign not a political party) but the Government (who got us into this) that have "to show respect for Leave voters and for the reasons that they voted Leave."; explain mistakes; legislate against Brexit; and reverse austerity
#Brexit is a disaster for Scotland you useless incompetent treacherous Tory arse. You know perfectly well that 62% of Scotland voted Remain because Your Tory Brexit Deal will result in a loss of 80,000 jobs and 12%GDP loss
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
This is not Brexit but capitulation. Fault lays with those negotiating - they were always remainers and have no vision for the opportunity that a global Britain offers. Ordinary voters now will never trust govt again. Local govt elections in 2019 will be where voters pass verdict
So is this the kind of sovereignty that Brexit supporters want?
The latest The HouseOfTwitsLab Daily! Thanks to #brexit #brexitshambles
Nearly all those people objecting today about the European Union are the same people who enabled Margaret Thatcher to sign the Single European Act, which committed this Nation to the Single Market &amp; Customs Union. #Brexit
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
#EU #corrupt #brexit Selmayr sits illegally elected. Juncker was investigated for many crimes.
/cc Time to call for a #PeoplesVote Jeremy. Quickly, before tge beat you to it. You cannot keep up this charade any longer - there is no #Brexit 'deal' that will pass the #SixTests. Speak up for those you claim to represent. Now!
The UK cancelling #Brexit
#Brexit #TheresaMay #uk if you go set Ireland free #ireland
#ginamiller talking such sense about #Brexit if you want to see the real information about #thetreaty #thedeal see
I know this is wayyyy down the #brexit list of priorities but how will ERDFs be replaced by UKGov, is there a plan, can anyone share? Esp for those areas that don't have a devolved gov (england) to stick up for them in Whitehall?
That's absolutely true, yet here we are 2+ years on and there is no plan for Brexit &amp; therefore no basic definition of the possible barriers. The same barriers would also exist in the Irish Sea or NI/IE btw. Brexiteers own this shambles not me.
The future generations of Brits will regret this unwise decision. A historic reverse gear :(
Wrong, Unionism is completely united in opposition to the backstop, not one Unionist political party in support of it in NI. As regards Brexit Unionism also united in knowing this was a UK vote, while they might not like the result they accept it was a UK nation vote
Well, this is the PR team for the BREXIT deal apparently........
Disaster socialism = disaster capitalism. Brexit = double plus austerity.
I certainly did not vote ‘for’ ! But however I voted, the current state of dissarray is no way to proceed with such a momentous decision. All should be worried silly, too!
Wow, haunting words but sadly true
I've long hoped for a proficient poker player from the nearest pub to take over the Brexit negotiations.
One for the Christmas list #Brexit
The shit will hit the fan....
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit The 28th member state will not agree the deal
The latest The Labour Party Daily! Thanks to #brexit #eu
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Back on #skypapers tonight with . Perhaps one day we won’t have to talk about Brexit, but tonight, I fear, is not the night...
Just thinking out loud , out of 289 Facebook friends or indeed my non facebook friends I have not yet seen one post supporting the brexit draught agreement or a single remain post. So in my circle that must mean we are happy for our mps to reject the agreement.
Lying twat of a PM who is clearly desperate and can’t stop lying
Merkel on May’s Brexit plan: ‘I’m not frustrated but curious’
Don’t even think of a will not see a repeat of GE 2017.T May has won people’s hearts by putting together a deal on Brexit &amp; she is in a very good position to win.Think ten times about a GE.U harbour ambitions of becoming PM but this time it’s different
So, the 'deal' has been done. The worst of all possible worlds!! #Brexit, # People's vote
THIS Brexit deal?
Break the Brexit Anxiety: Support as many teams as you see fit.
The EU Has Approved a Brexit Deal With Britain #Topbuzz
Brexit: People's Vote 'gaining traction' at Westminster
You're scared of far right resurgence? No. You're scared of remain as outcome of just like Mrs May. A great thing about democracy is there is always another vote. Brexit, Labour or Tory style, will make Don Valley folk poorer. A price worth paying for Hatfield?
BREAKING - REVEALED: Secret Brexit 'Plan B' options drawn up by EU and T... via
CTA THEN
Theresa May accused of giving knighthood to buy MP's Brexit silence
Where are the letters
Please look at this and RT
getting interesting tho', a distraction from Brexit,
#Brexit 's toxic immigration policies in action.
Can we finally move on now?
Well said
Powerful, eviscerating response from to the mendacious and dogmatic ‘begging letter’ from May #peoplesvote now!
Is now the time for #indyref2? Leave Brexit to little Britain? or hope May's #brexitdeal is undone. But the EU has no more to give, no deal is shit and whilst remaining may happen, what a mess. Scotland will get better terms on its own.
I need to think about this. I am against Brexit I am also against too many laws .
Great reply to the insulting letter from St Theresa of Resilience. #Brexit #HostileEnvironment
Here, here
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
#TheresaMay announces approval of #Brexit deal by E.U. leaders
&amp; #Gibraltar didn't get a £billion bung to go along with it. That wasn't what I'd call the "UK" Gov "standing by" the Rock. Things may change in the future? Aye? Whit way? #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #UKisFUCKED
If your a Remainer this deal is worse than Remain but if your a Brexiteer it’s worse than full hard Brexit Unfortunately it’s a no win all lose deal but for a Remainer the best Brexit if there has to be one
The Truth About Brexit (2018) Just Imagine What British People Could Accomplish If They Had A Right To Bear Arms. If 75% of Britain Owned one or More Firearms Then Brexit Would Have Been Taken Seriously Lest The People See Fit To Revolt! via Truth &amp; Light
The Brexit deal between UK and EU is an incredibly bad deal for UK: Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
#bollockstobrexitbus shows exactly what we think of this deal. It's in the Guardian too.
#TheresaMay announces approval of #Brexit deal by E.U. leaders
Top 10 twitter accounts to follow is
You have had 2 "peoples votes " one 52% voted Leave the other was Ge where 80% of the party votes were for those who promised a Brexit Which is Leave. What you want a 3rd Or 4th or as many till you win
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – #BrexitChaos #finalsay #PeoplesVoteon #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave – political cartoon gallery in London
“It was a funeral masquerading as a baptism”
brexit is past being a disaster at this point and, tbh, for the first time since i've been thinking about what i'm going to do after i graduate high school, i'm actually considering the option of staying over here and NOT moving to the uk... who the fuck am i
Where are the letters
I have lots of friends like this. And they don’t want to discuss it, which really annoys me! Blinkered and ignorant (of facts thanks to MSM) but at the same time lovely people who are reasonably intelligent. I really thought Brexit would change their views but doesn’t seem so
Parliament will not support this. It seriously won't support your fucking no deal psychodeal. So, we'll have a #peoplesvote and the country will vote Remain and bin brexit. Then their will be justice for those that tried to subvert democracy and sell out the country. #FBPE
isn’t this the good move?
He's awake and hasn't missed his change at Frankfurt! Also had time to tweet about his trade deal! Eat your hearts out Brexit people!
Brexit and trump owe their victories in part to Facebook's complicity with Russia.
The Science Is Clear: Dirty Farm Water Is Making USA sick. And Liam Fox is bursting to get a trade deal post Brexit...
The whole world knows that Brex-shit is a Tory ‘solution’ to an invented Tory ‘problem’ &amp; has absolutely nothing to do with #Labour or Corbyn. Nice try but as long as: Tory + DUP &gt; all other MPs the ball has always been in the Tory court.
This all day long . Wake up people well said
While Europe focuses on Brexit Putin moves on Kerch no one expected that ohhh sorry everyone expected that
The latest The twitugas2 Daily! Thanks to #implantfiles #brexit
I’ve read the agreement, so I’d say you’re the naive hysterical bedwetter in this exchange We know exactly what the agreement is &amp; when it will end &amp; legal terms There’s no other Choice except chaos with no deal &amp; risking no Brexit
"Brexit will give us back our sovereignty". "Brexit will let us make our own laws" Listen to say how the UK has had this all along. Please RT. #PeoplesVoteMarch #StopBrexitSaveBritain
It's all about principle in Labour these days.
I am going to sell at least one million of these #stopbrexit
The Science Is Clear: Dirty Farm Water Is Making USA sick. And Liam Fox is bursting to get a trade deal post Brexit...
Lord Bragg is right ! Let's abandon BREXIT !
All 27 European Union leaders have endorsed the #Brexit deal at today's EU summit
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
For now, there’s no majority for May’s deal... //
You become what you fear #Brexit
Theresa May's deal is a disaster. It's more unpopular than the Poll Tax. No one who voted for Brexit wants it. Tory editors on all channels are happy to handpick a few Tories to say they like it. But why? Only because they're terrified will be PM if Tories collapse.
Oh yeah?
The paranoid fantasy behind Brexit | Fintan O'Toole
Germany nowadays
This was one of my first tweets about Brexit as . It seems apt today to retweet it. #StopBrexit
We need an English national party to vote for that stands on leaving the UK and the EU.
Yes, we told it that after Brexit it woukd have 25% less raisins ;)
I think this was outside the EU meeting. Several UK coach's travelled to Brussels to protest Brexit
when is the EU going to stick to their end of the deal and keep the EU moving as a block? Why are we getting individuals kicking off about a brexit deal the rest of EU likes? Threatening to force the UK's hand, which is of course blackmail...
Hi Amber, as of this minute you are looking at an ex conservative voter here. If this deal here through or BREXIT is scuppered because of this utter incompetence then I'll never vote for the again.
jesus fucking christ these ideas for brexit somehow keep getting dumber and less realistic.
Would you be happy for Cornwall to be French? #Brexit
Brexit is not complete
Happy Brexit UK :).
Brexit political declaration: what it means for the future UK-EU relationship via
Now lets see what comes out from another country and watch Pres D deny it
Not specifically you, but some people are getting very rich on brexit, and most of us are set to get a lot poorer from it. I'd rather it were Brits making the decision, and not foreign governments tbh. And what's worrying is you not being bothered by that.
Also US election &amp; Brexit polls were pretty damn good. If your bar for 'experts being good enough' is impossibly high, you actually are trying to undermine experts.
Nothing colourful. Just the bleak facts. WTO with no transition would be a major -ve supply shock for the U.K. economy. There’s really v. little monetary policy can do to offset that,”“If you have queues at Dover, the answer is not lower interest rates.”
There were enough counter-voting Tories that if Corbyn had wanted to those motions could have been defeated. Parliamental voting is not just a matter of party colours. Some Tories showed more determination to stand against Brexit than Corbyn ever has.
Social chapter and working time directive for instance, although the EU Withdrawal Act which converted EU law into UK law to ensure a smooth Brexit may maintain those things. Freedom of Movement is gone obviously.
Interesting looking at Brexit via lens of history. I'd say it will be viewed as protectionism and isolation happens after awful "failed" wars. Iraq war and Brexit will be a text book example.
I don’t need a prep talk from you telling me that we should support woeful deal. No deal is brexit. Please stop trying to bully members. You will lose.
Hello I'm professional #graphicdesigner designing #corporate #businesscard #Flyer &amp; #facebookcover have a look? business card gig : facebook cover gig : flyer design gig : regards najir
Wonder if the Doctor can sort out Brexit as I presume that it’s all the fault of the Sontarans or Cybermen and not rational humans.
EU leaders have approved an agreement on the UK's withdrawal and future relations - insisting it is the "best and only deal possible". After 20 months of negotiations, the 27 leaders gave...
Get Noel back from the jungle NOW #imacelebrity #brexit
How are people naive enough to believe we can just leave the EU with no deal? The UK would collapse
They have the perfect scenario: A puppet they installed in the USA Brexit problems in the UK Weakening global stability. Best time to restart the Ukrainian war.
Gonna be a jobs boom bonanza in the Eurozone when the car industry starts to move all production away from the UK. Ironic Mrs Thatcher and the Tories brought the Japanese here and then drove them out ! brexit
Like burkhas!!! #england #brexit
New post (Ex-British FM Johnson says Brexit deal like 'Titanic') has been published on Huai Rat Online -
Whatever happens in the end with Brexit, at least there's finally some clarity... Will it get through parliament though?
Watching The Last Kingdom, it makes the Brexit betrayal all the more painful. How many of those screeching pink haired remainers have ever read a book and can even begin to understand how they got the freedoms to talk such unadulterated nonsense about leavers being "Nazis".
One of the few things worse politically than Brexit would be Indy in context of Brexit. Imagine an independent Scotland - presumably within EU or EFTA - and then consider how it would trade with its largest trading partner. (1/few)
Guess which laws? Our democracy? No more elections? Then workers' rights?
The real trial of #brexit begins now in the British parliament. Hard brexit seems almost unavoidable given the deadlock. Either way, we (the #EU) must take care to keep close and never close the door to our sisters and brothers in the UK.
He should be more worried about tripping over his shorts
After Brexit, if the American companies get their teeth into UK health provision... Something to look forward to
What will happen if UK Parliament REJECTS Theresa May's 'only deal'?- Sunday Express EU leaders have warned British MPs that Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal is the "only deal possible" after approving it at a summit in Brussels on Sunday.
The Mash Report is a wonderful thing.
If Labour abstain and let this Brexit shitfest pass then the perfidious bastards should be trashed and consigned to the cesspool of political keechness.
I guess she will be unpleasantly surprised in the Parliament.
#UK The son of your monarchs since King Arthur by dna says said no BREXIT and your not her NOR SHE IS HER Can by law be a BREXIT?
What I find particularly hilarious is how you thought people would be wondering how you would vote. You’ll be voting for a #BrexitDeal that has the support of no one. History will not look kindly on those who vote this through. #ScotRef #Brexit #BrexitChaos #ToriesOut
I can only pray that the DUP stick to their principles and their word, we will do better for the DUP without the EU chains!!
Would dearly love to here some benefits of Brexit. But not your own deluded fantasies
Or if European foreign policy wasn't weakened by internal strife and Brexit
#NoDeal is no disaster - its the smart way to #Brexit We will conduct our trade the same way as most of the rest of the World trade, and open possibilities of an FTA if the EU wishes to after we are #Sovereign
‘some hold out the hope..Labour could pick up..leave-backing voters who feel sold out by the prime minister’s deal.’ Leave and remain voters care about declining living standards, lack of regulation. But all voters understand corruption of referendum should enhance the opposition
I would be nothing without my partner. And I dont want to leave her. I could have offered so much and did. Just no one ever noticeed. How sad is that. Like happens to many. I wont endorse #Brexit. Not for any fucking social justice cunts. Scum that cant answer.
I can’t wait to see politicians &amp; Civil Servants running round like headless chickens trying to respond to the big business lobby they love so much, who will demand *clarity* on WTO trade tariffs and quotas, border checks et al. Should all have been done already but there we are.
The latest The Ardizzone Spot News Daily! #brexit #libertadores
If you understand that the EU is simply 1/3 of the plan for a one world government, then total and complete #Brexit is the only thing that makes sense, unless of course you are part of the deep state engineering this agenda, in which case I say piss off.
Clear as day: the EU are not our friends. If they can’t keep us woven into their supranational political project, then they will make us a pawn of it! The deal Theresa May has negotiated with the EU is nothing more than capitulation - it does not deliver Brexit!
‘I’m no nationalist, but Nicola Sturgeon may be only person able to protect Scotland from Brexit’
May defiant over Brexit deal amid backlash
Maybe, I don't know. I think "betraying Brexit" is still a powerful line for Tories. Remember most voters aren't paying any attention to negotiations.
Annnnnnd they're off. Painting UK into a manifesto corner GE17 for party gain, thus framing Zero options deserves one answer. 00.05 forward they can still find a way.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
‘It’s A Tragedy’: EU Approves Brexit Sellout
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
While we're on the topic of letters, Theresa May's deserved a response. I penned one for . It's... not pleasant.
The one that blows my mind the most is people that didn't vote during Brexit vote, and then complain. It was a straight up referendum. I met a guy that said he didn't, because the media portrayed the election as a slam dunk for Remain.
So why vote for brexit under a remainer? Now that does make 52% thick.
‘It’s A Tragedy’: EU Approves Brexit Sellout
Your a fecking liar and everyone knows your a liar
Simulates Brexit in truth. the problem is the travesty lives at Number Ten and has spent over two years not computing the European Philosophy at every turn. Blakeley may have been incoherent at this conjuncture;, alas I doubt she'd bet her entire career on something nonnegotiable
What part of Brexit passed you by
If Brexit doesn't happen it will be the greatest British comedy of all time.
Theresa May says Brexit will give us homes and secure a bright future for children Not when a record 320,000 are homeless &amp; 1.5 million are destitute and 14 million are living in poverty thanks to Tory austerity. Forget Brexit, we need Tories OUT. #PeoplesVote #ToriesOut
Absolutely bang on! Best tweet I’ve Red for a while on this #Brexit shambles!
Time for the country to come together says a member of the nasty party .. #HostileEnvironment #Windrush #WASPI #UniversalCredit ..and yes #Brexit
Keep up. I voted against triggering Article 50. And have called for Brexit to be stopped. Unlike some people I recognise it will be an economic and political disaster for our country.
Britain wants to go out but not out out. Thats my surmising of #BREXIT.
Get ready everyone - if we thought politics in the UK had been unpredictable in recent months and years we haven’t seen anything like it yet! Biggest few weeks in UK political history for generations is upon us! #Brexit
I know they mean well. But I find the actual material of the protests so weak and easy to take the piss out of, and I’m on the same side. Brexit is driven by a merciless deceit, and you can’t beat it with whimsical placards and RTs. Only hard politics will.
Inspired, unite the left and right to defeat the centre. Brexit is the only tool ever invented to perform this trick. The left have not realised it yet, but they are being used.
France want our fish Spain want Gibraltar EU wants NI We need *all* 27 to agree on any Trade Deal. The transition can only be extended by 2 years *once*. After which we would *have* to use the backstop and would be trapped at their discretion. #NoDeal #ItsATrap #Brexit
FREDERICK FORSYTH: It is not too late for true independence | Frederick Forsyth | Columnists | Comment |
It’s not the Brexit I voted for May has been on her knees giving in to the EU This deal is a not a deal it’s a surrender Grow a backbone man and get rid of traitorous Theresa The woman is a serial liar and no one believes a word she says
After the eventful days of Theresa May and the EU if I was to have another vote I would be voting for brexit.
Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Juncker
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Didn't the #ThePeopleofUK already indicate their will on 29.03.17 with #Brexit? When will the politicians get it thru their brains that they are #EmployeesofthePeople? Remember this: YOU WERE ELECTED TO CARRY OUT #TheWillofthePeople! Read your constitution and #FallinLine! #PMUK
Is this a secret protest about Brexit?
In many EU countries... Pffff hahaha you seem desperate to make brexit look positive and necessary. poor miserable.
Many worldwide travel industry leaders are watching the Brexit negotiations carefully. #BusinessNews #travel
Our dear prime minister is asking us to listen to her and get behind her Brexit deal . The country is screaming out for a second referendum but the prime minister is refusing to go down that route. If she won’t listen to the people why should we listen to her?
This is of immediate need for folks in the UK who may have a major logistics issue shortly, but this list is also good for anyone who is starting a emergency prep stock at home (and also expecting to have the ability to cook as usual)
After all the false promises of the Referendum Mrs May should know better. Brexit is bad news for the NHS
No deal doesnt have to get through parliment It happens naturally on March 29th 2019 at 2300 simples Really Let the clock tick by and then we get the Brexit we voted for
I will very rarely get political on here as its not why I started it but I want to add my tiny voice to the crowd of people saying no to this deal. Utter shambles. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
It’s just a shame that your (and formerly my) party decided to push Brexit as hard as it could. You are now forever linked with Tories/UKIP etc who want a hard Brexit. Then again, Jeremy is a holy leader who can’t be disagreed with.
Cancelling my Sky subscription tomorrow, sick of you and your cronies campaigning against Brexit.
Presenting both sides. Too many on both sides of Brexit want to have their cake, and eat it too.
I just straight up hate you, the Tories, Brexit - everything you all stand for. Back Brexit? Go fuck yourself.
Brexit deal: EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom |
We have this as well that hints into what went on as well Ths also has Russia Banks Etc the normal suspects written all over it
EU seals Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
Any comment on this ? Already evidence that EU-27 will use explicit veto agreed to in legally binding #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement over #UK leaving #Backstop to blackmail us for consessions France - fish Spain - Gibraltar etc etc etc
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Only because of the utter shambles of these negotiations - if you can even call them such a thing. Best deal now possible is no deal. Thanks
Perhaps you should have thought of a solution before campaigning for Brexit. Just a thought...
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Photo of the Day #CorporateDispatch #Brexit #leadership #resilience #negotiations #stage #politics
#Brexit boring? Brussels is where it got interesting
“Brexit is an economic and political disaster, fuelling, not healing, divisions. The extent of the folly has grown clearer with each turn of the page. But the ending is not yet written.” Poi tocca a noi, a capofitto nel precipizio autoprovocato. Self-harm
The definitive #Brexit poll. What kind of Brexit do you want?
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
on reading theresa may's brexit deal....
Are you a BoB? You’re not special
Anti-Brexit protester shamelessly and selfishly thinks a people’s vote on Brexit is more important than 100,000 children who face going hungry this Christmas because of Universal Credit #FBPE cult continue to show that it does not represent Britain’s national interests
From now on any time you’re about to type ‘brexit’ just make sure you type ‘remainer led’ just before
Will be after #Brexit. God Bless England!
This woman, Hillary hasn't learned yet to keep her big mouth shut.
Good luck Ms May, but you were right when you were against #BREXIT. There's no gain in it for UK.
May forms unholy alliance with Brussels to destroy rebels plotting against Brexit deal//Ha Ha Oh come on we werent born yesterdsy!
So because there’s inequality, Labour should introduce more inequality because it’s a price worth paying? Resounding logic
The Irish have bought &amp; sold the English "gentry" in this BREXIT fantasy
It's outrageous. I don't watch BBC hardly ever anymore. Why do I have to fund their BS? Once Brexit has been sorted I think the licence fee should be tackled. The BBC should be forced to go commercial, no more public funding. Then they'll find out just how sh*t they are!!
Complete failure by Daily diet of trivia. You’ve failed to inform the public but I guess that’s the idea eh?
Hmmm I wonder where sky news stands on brexit.... #impartialasever
This is where the vast majority of the public are at on #Brexit
Economically-what should commonwealth members specifically African countries expect from The incidence of Brexit.
I'm serious! I think Brexit is the biggest disaster to hit this country since WW2, but genuinely, however wonderful that freedom of movement is, it's not an issue that will ever bother all those people who will never take a advantage of it.
Vote for ...as I want the public to see just how brazen the treachery is ...in full, unabashed, view. Not just about Brexit ...but the £trillions &amp; our nation stolen ..
You’ve got to be joking. It delivers nothing for Brexiteers, but everything for EU. It is deliberately designed to stop Brexit, and prevent any future challenges. Net result will be major unrest. When Anglo-Saxon people have no say on who governs, then government ceases.
Read The Economist's excellent briefing on the utter disaster No Deal would mean:
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
BBC news trying desperately to find leavers and refusing to be balanced to instead it is to push the govt cow excrement on Brexit?
Brexit: Theresa May 'full of optimism' as deal agreed by EU
What? #Brexit?
Sad to see how both Brexit sides act regarding N.Ireland Firm Brexiters openly disrespect the hard won peace agreement (GFA), indeed some are life long opponents eg DUP Firm remainers, who previously extolled the GFA for leverage, now oppose a solution drafted to comply with it
Waiting for the moment the DUP turn on the tories about Brexit...
Nor will they forgive for failing to oppose May's Brexit
If the government loses the vote on 12 December, it can reintroduce the bill in 21 days, and then let the clock tick down to 29/03/2019.
You are not including in this argument that “the win for leave” would in those circumstances be a win for a much harder no-plan no-deal Brexit - which is one of many reasons that I am deeply troubled by the risks of a second referendum
what IS interesting is HOW it's *russian aggression* more #fakenews
I'm guessing Boris is making a veiled reference to his stint as Foreign Secretary here? He was regularly "slaughtered" by his better qualified peers, after all
Heres the man himself on Corbyn and Labour on brexit, his view is the same as mine here. so good at getting this over.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
funny how much Brexit supporters moan - haven't met a happy one for well over a year now
Yes, we told it that after Brexit it would have 25% less raisins ;)
Let us ALL support the PM and move Brexit forward to the next stage.
Just watched the #MarrShow and Arlene Foster's interview. Very clear, concise and honest stand on #BrexitDeal. I have to say have made a mess of #Brexit I can't see them winning in next general elections.
just lies and fake social pretences. union as solid as a thin paper. no to the EU. #Brexit me
Thanks for posting. Very informative for a Brexit ignorant american. Both our countries are being manipulated by outside players to our detriment. Hope Britain gets another chance to vote on this.
Yes, when we have overturned Brexit, you will get your general election, but not before
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
I fell for it as well. Maybe we trusted them to much, but they have fooled many my friend.
Sounds like Brexit all right...
We were forced into this deal once Par,iament made clear they would not permit No Deal thus removing all UK's negotiating power. The next step of Remain's plan is to get us to No Deal and then democratically destroy Brexit once and for all.
After all, the Brexiters promised a deal would be the “easiest in history” to negotiate. Go on then, let’s see what you really had in mind
Just a gentle reminder folks, that brexit means brexit.
A £16k crowdfund buys you a lotta spins … on the Carousel of Defiant Whimsy.
I mean don't get me wrong Varadkar suuuuuUUUUUCKS but imagine thinking a dude with part Irish and part Indian heritage should help Brexit go well
I for one do not want Brexit. At all. #StopBrexit
Thinking a trip to #thatlondon might be in order in a week or two...
Classic opposition politics on their part. They are trying to keep their base together by appealing to both Leavers and Remainers. #Brexit
It isn’t a unicorn if CJEU says it exists. The fact of its existence may be the thing that prompts the house to engage with the no Brexit option. But a 2nd ref is predicated now on A50 extension, which isn’t in our gift. Yet even Brexiteers are starting to say Remain over no deal
Great job guys. We've a 2 week bus tour. You guys are welcome on board
retweeting for all the responses...
It’s a complex issue. I think that generally it’s fair to say that those on the far right with those sort of beliefs are probably pro brexit - but I also believe that this is used ruthlessly to tarnish everybody who voted to the leave the EU with the same brush
The worst thing about Brexit is that it has allowed Blair to worm his way back into public life
Thankyou but no thankyou. We'll leave with no deal !
Why the heck do we have to wait till then, we all know what the Meaningful vote means ! Let’s get it over so they can work out all the implications of a No Deal and what it will mean for the country , next thing will be a month off for Christmas
I love watching remainers attacking their leader. She's trying to kill Brexit. Your side is supposed to be falling at her feet in adoration.
I am British. I want us to Remain. Abandon Brexit.
Brexit: Why Britain Left the European Union via
We really need him. It is tragic that we’re stuck with this criminally useless leader of the so called opposition.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Tony Blair has to let it go not only Brexit but the idea of becoming European President now. He’s had his go at front line politics.
Its the bull on the bus all over again. All of the ppl some of the time
Funny how the uk rabble of a political class are totally and completely divided over Brexit but the 27 other nations are united and speaking as one. Somehow the Brexiteers think that we the ordinary people are better off being ruled by our shambles of lying self interest rabble.
Is it? Au Revoir and goodbye via #Brexit #UpInTheAir
I really hope so because, WE, the people need to have an informed vote. Brexit wasn't debated or won fairly, if justice is to be done then Brexit needs a national debate before any further passage.
Can't believe I'm retweeting Tony Blair but sadly I agree with what he has to say. #Brexit really has tested my beliefs to the limit and beyond. #PeoplesVote
Anyway, even if there were a financial bonanza for the NHS, how would it be spent? We can't fill vacancies now, so no chance after #brexit. Long term investment in training and salaries to deliver recruitment and retention has to be the way forward.
This about sums it up for this risible #backthebrexitdeal effort #brexit
As the situation hots up, it polarises around the May Deal and Remain. People’s Vote now required. #Brexit #MayDeal #Remain
Good point. Corbyn must stand aside and allow a succession. His allotment and the country would thank him.
How many of you, very divided Labour. Very divided Tory’s. Brexit a big mistake.
“It will also test banks against a 33% fall in house prices, interest rates surging from 0.75% to 4% within two years, and the unemployment rate rising to 9.5%.”
She won’t listen, her arrogance knows no bounds. If democracy is to survive in the United Kingdom this must be voted down by elected MPs.
Italy's Salvini signals possible offering to EU in budget spat via #tictocnews
Has this been Mays / cuvil servants plan all along???
LEAVE was the choice they made...and this proposal clearly is NOT leave..if after two years it is the best she can do...then NO DEAL, it will have to be!
You forget the 39 billion plus upfront for the privilege of getting screwed. Personally I wouldn’t trust my "honourable friend" to negotiate switching energy suppliers for me. #brexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
( #Majestic #Wine Have The Right Business Strategy For Brexit And Beyond? : Majestic, the UK wine retailer posted a loss this week but has a strategy for the tough times ahead in a post-Brexit Britain, notably ..
‘I believe that Europe are bullies’ - DUP grassroots members dig their heels in opposition to #Brexit deal -
I am both sir
The EU was more united than before, and would be standing by Spain. Bye bye, Gibraltar.
utter bollocks, when the vast majority voted to leave they had no idea about the impact on jobs, trade etc I mean even the last Brexit sec Raab didn't even know we were an Island state and heavily reliant on the Dover Calais crossing
You should have said "and I'd rather not see Brexit - that's language that disgusts me!"
Keep on licking the arse of TM. TM will then tell you that her shyte tastes nice and you will have to start and say it does. What the fcuk do you do as Brexit secretary other than clean TM's arse with your tongue? Cos you sure as hell don't have a say on Brexit negotiations.
The only beneficiary from brexit is Vladimir Putin whose sole mission is to weaken the alliance. As for white nationalist they're being used by Putin but they too stupid to realize it.
Caroline Flint now achieving Kate Hooey standards of Brexit irrationality
For greater clarification, listen to: ://www.lbc.co.uk/radio/presenters/maajid-nawaz/leaving-european-union-break-up-united-kingdom/
UKIP - Brexit Betrayal Feature with Gerard Batten via
(The Scotsman):#Brexit: Banking stress tests against no deal #EU exit to be revealed : The ability of banks to withstand the economic shock of a no-deal brexit will be revealed when the Bank of England publishes its annual health ..
Dear Theresa May
Lied to and now ignored! Brexit is utter bollocks. I fucking hate it and I HATE the liars &amp; racists that have pedealled it to a public who didn’t know better. Unforgivable.
My short interview (in Slovak) from #Brexit #EUCO with . Thanks. via #EU #Britain
U.K.'s May Gets Cabinet's Go-Ahead on Brexit Deal British Prime Minister Theresa May secured cabinet approval for her Brexit deal, clearing an important hurdle but setting the stage for a battle in Parliament that could shake her government and unr .
Your use of pronouns is as baffling as your Brexit deal
Just think of the business opportunities that #Brexit brings: Operation Stack &amp; all those lorry drivers needing showers, food, portaloos #TheArchers
The latest Shave and a haircut - Twice Daily! #australia #brexit
#Brexit Jezza is still untangling his own obfuscation. He was 7/10 for the EU. He's wondering what he was 3/10 for. The ditherer can only decide in fractions. Even the Labour party isn't whole anymore
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
It would be far harder for the country following Mays brexit plan than if we where to go down the path of world trade organisation rules, the latter is better for the country
If Russia kills everyone with a nuclear war just as we get to the end of Brexit I will kick off in Red Square
May to bring back several tonnes of cheap fags and booze to mark end of Brexit talks
This is spot on. Cameron must take the most blame but Corbyn has let the many down too with his wishy-washy Brexit stance.
Wales less prosperous after Brexit deal, says first minister
I have wondered why Labour were so reluctant to fight to stay in EU when it is a socialist principle to cooperate in partnership to achieve social goals/justice. The EU is a prime example of socialism in operation.
“All seats want a final say”... what do you say ? Please can we have a #PeoplesVote now? #Brexit debacle.
i would give my left tit to campaign forever on a pisspoor labour brexit, which conservatives everywhere can now begin to dream of... no?
This Brexit shite will take massive back seat if this goes off in Crimea!
Mrs May could get some very sound advise here.
Ah well, maybe this is how we get out of Brexit...
Eu has stated that it would withhold a50 if there was a people's vote
Dad cooked ‘leeks and brussels’ for dinner, and I think that could be a good title for a #brexit memoir
Via : EU leaders approve Brexit deal and urge Britons to back it
So, so true - and this response is magnificent.
After electing a government and having them implement their agenda. Brexit has not happened.
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
Certainly is
arguing for deliberative democracy to set a path through the Brexit mess. It's the best idea in the air for this crisis and for the health of our democracy longer term.
No it doesn't it makes us slaves to the EU !
Don't fall for it ...
Please, please, please!
The army are prepared to be deployed on the streets. What part of Brexit do you think will bring order?
Who says Brexiters are spilt? I am not see or hearing that. I assume you mean the #Tory #Conservative spineless traitors in Westminster? I just hear a lot of angry British people who know they are being betrayed by the most traitorus politicians in British history. #Brexit
Brexit. Take that Gary!
Let’s hope Brexit puts an end to this madness
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
She brazenly gloats that in effect there is no Brexit.
Where she leaves us no matter what people's original thoughts were...
Another possible outcome?
Ofcourse it's pathetic. But it is also genius. It stops the Tories from spinning a fake Labour #Brexit betrayal narrative whilst guaranteeing Lab will never vote for any Tory Brexit. If Lab had listened to you we would have a united Tory party and a definite no deal Brexit.
I think you have a point. "We" know we can do better and be a fairer and more prosperous nation. But the SNP and Yes movement need to start spelling it out. Now the Brexit "deal" is out there,The counter argument must be made. With facts and figures.
If we had actual grown ups, actually working in the national interest, they would have formed a Grand Coallition post election 2017, to negotiate a consensus Brexit. And yet hardly anyone even mentioned that idea, so entrenched are the party system, and desire to wield power.
No deal then.
#Brexit proves EU needs 'profound' reform -
Outflows from UK-focused equity funds since Brexit vote hit $1tn - via
"Literally, why are we doing this? "
Never forget that Mr Corbyn believes exactly the same thing. ‘We can’t oppose brexit because some of our northern heartlands voted for it’ Which means. ‘We think northerners are thick racists but we want them to vote for us’
A tweet by is attracting attention
Feeling inspired by Brexit? Who could blame you. Today’s words of joy: “This is all there is” Theresa May. “This deal will mitigate most of the negative impacts.” Jeremy Hunt.
Outstanding letter.
Ladies in red. #Brexit #TheresaDidntGetTheMemo
associated-press|EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home|
#brexit: The message to MPs from Theresa May and her counterparts: don’t kid yourselves if you think something else might magically appear if you vote it down. #peoplesVote #remain
google-news|Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?|
Theresa May signs Brexit deal with EU leaders as her Cabinet plots to rip up her agreement
Any member of parliament that votes for this should be tried for treason! Macron warning on fishing rights as EU backs May’s Brexit deal
Via : Spain’s prime minister says UK’s Brexit deal opens door on Gibraltar
Diane Abbott says Britain would vote for Brexit again if second EU referendum were held tomorrow England would vote Brexit you mean ...surely ?
reuters|EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May|
Very generous of him! #getstuffed #brexit
Brexit lies were collated by I put them into a 16 page document that prints out on A3 for … please reuse
Next stop Sala Santa Cecilia con Matthew Herbert's Brexit Big Band!
Will be if there is another vote on Brexit.
Nonsense. More global trade is conducted on WTO terms than on any other trade terms. Britain is a founder member of the WTO. Every prospective trade deal partner already uses WTO so it's a great platform for full FTAs. WTO #Brexit is the real #Brexit
reuters|Britain's May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament|
You must have had a strange reverse view pair of glasses on - wasn't like that at all. True, it was the first time in a VERY LONG time there were more Pro V's Anti Brexit ppl ( tho = when inc Marr) - but to say she was constantly interrupted is quite simply farcical.
Love the "Bollocks to Brexit" banner - I am definitely using you from now on for any plumbing issues. Keep up the good work.
At the very least she must resign !
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Brexit deal: EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom
Funny how ''No Brexit'' crept in at the last minute. May's desperate to please the wrong people.
probably still thinks the Corn Laws were a good idea. The Irish owe us nothing and are protecting themselves as much as they can from the insanity of Brexit.
I hope you're already job-hunting. I'd bet my mortgage on you being out on your arse in 2022 if this deal gets passed. We all know what your motives are and they are not to get the best Brexit, but to stay in. You're as dishonest as the Prime Minister. A disgrace to the nation.
Brexit-Deal beschlossen: EU sagt Briten leise Servus via and May celebrates her dictatorship by being proud that she abolished FoM for 68 mil British citizens....
Theresa May never intended to help leftwinger Brexiteers. But she's betrayed both the rich chums of Tory Brexit MPs as well as deranged racist UKIP Brexiteers. The EU holds all the cards now. Britain has no right to negotiate trade deals to compensate for loss of EU markets.
except its still jelly .... what he forgets to say the common rule book applies to the whole economy not just exporters to Europe. This would also create a level playing field removing all the benefits of Brexit bound to EU Border Tariff without a say.
the-new-york-times|Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?|
like it or not brexit is happening and the only way for all side to come out winners is to agree, which is all good and well until someone else decides they want to threaten the deal like France has today. It ridiculous that still 18 months in we've got nowhere.
Exactly this.
Who would have known we would have used a Queen's song to describe brexit, the world is really in a weird place
I was talking to a wonderful, articulate bright 18 year old today, too young to vote in the referendum. She begged her Leave voting grandma to vote Remain. She wouldn't. We have let our young people down and it is so sad
‘It’s A Tragedy’: EU Approves Brexit Sellout
Still don’t recognise this deal as a Turkey Trap? Even after what France and Spain have said this afternoon. This is a terrible deal Rory. It will take this country decades to deal with the consequences. Please don’t treat it as the best compromise to get Brexit over with.
'Bollocks to #Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Fuck off May you traitor! Theresa May pleads with MPs to back Brexit deal so Brits can finally stop arguing as leaders warn it's the only one we'll get at historic summit
Sums it up perfectly for me #brexit
This is potentially huge - and could shed important light on what happened in the U.S. also.
'B******* to Brexit' bus to tour UK as Remainers crowdfund £16,000
Had a little known fact that in both Brexit and Trump’s successful presidential run.
Brilliant summary
Bullying again, warning us !. The very reason we wanted to leave in the first place !
This is my view too. She tried hard, nasty Brexit until she had to face up to its impossibility, and now in desperation wants us to see her as the voice of moderation and reason. It's insulting that she doesn't even know or care how insulted we'd feel at her 'appeal'.
the-washington-post|E.U. leaders approve Brexit plan, setting up December vote in British Parliament, where it faces stiff opposition|
May claims in her 'letter to the nation' that we can "sign new trade deals outside the EU". Pure waffle - explanation below;
What if... #Brexit
Must read.
Tbh, young, middle aged, old, will probably never forgive your party. Never had such a bunch of self preserving MPs since I’ve been of voting age. Too busy arguing amongst themselves to even have a hope of a decent brexit. Problem is the opposition is just as bad.
2/do you propose that brexit should proceed without these questions being answered ? - Also if MP's like you had done their job properly in the first place the EU ref would have required Democratic Thresholds these would have ensured wide support for the proposal -
One million reasons not to back BREXIT Deal ,it's not BREXIT as in the Tory 2017 Manifesto ,or Lancaster House speech.
You literally voted to leave the EU in 2014. Opportunistic, vacuous, banal.
We can't back it or not back it. So what are we supposed to do with this list of pish?
Or No Brexit!
What do you say to this, ? I’m ashamed to have voted for you in the belief you would always protect jobs, protect the North East and do what’s best for Wansbeck.
We also have severe poverty in Britain which will be made worse by brexit. Flint should never be a Labour MP. She's ukip &amp; should stick with the Tories
With a record number of defeats, (98) it is simply a matter of time. That is most likely to be when Parliament says, no to May's Brexit deal.
Nice example of #Maysplaining there Laura, sorry she is wrong about that, I &amp; I believe many others will not stop the fight to save our country as long as the lunatics are still pursuing their deluded brexit dream.
Actually it doesn't do any of those things. All of them are in the Political Declaration which has no legal standing. We were told we'd know what the future trade relationship would look like before Brexit. We don't. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Perhaps OTT as a Christmas gift. Any idea how BREXIT will affect your clients in Rep. of Ireland? Will the import process remain relatively the same?
associated-press|The Latest: Hungarian leader: 'gloomy Sunday' due to Brexit|
A children’s tv show in Ireland with the best explanation of Brexit I’ve seen
Pending court cases should inform your judgement: Nov. 27 ECJ may rule UK can unilaterally revoke Article 50. : December 31. UK High Court may rule the advisory brexit poll to be void based on Arron Banks criminality and Russian interference. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitNow
MPs should please take note of the president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, who warns that if they think they can get a better deal than what was agreed on 25th November, they will be disappointed. It'll be Parliaments fault if we end up with a "no deal" Brexit.
Go for it. Improves ties with #Wales after #brexit. Lembit Opik considers president of #Estonia race
We can have the Brexit we voted for..... Trading on WTO RULES
Whatever happens with Brexit, unless we #GetTheToriesOut this will still happen. A Tory boot stamping on childrens' hope forever.
EU summit agrees Brexit deal and warns it is not open for renegotiation #ireland
#TheresaMay warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ #Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
I think you need to point the finger at fat Dave who was that frightened of that other racist party UKIP that he gave the swivel eyed looney right wingers in his party the Brexit vote to keep them happy.I will save this tweet for when Jeremy walks into no 10 and retweet it.
Unearned Wealth Orders starting to bite hard?
As a Party member I received my circular email today from Theresa May. Nowhere does she mention any freedom to make our own trade deals, Which was why I voted for Brexit.
Indeed.... the remainer MPs sold out our #Brexit
Such duplicitous dealings must be met with the full force of electorate rejection of every Remainer MP &amp; a recommencement of Brexit
Macron is already using the fact that he can force us to remain in the backstop as leverage (aka blackmail) to ensure that French fishermen retain their current level of access to UK fishing grounds
Hammond is peddling the debunked notion of a 'Brexit dividend' via
'it is also misleading' Owen... We know that u &amp; others r standing up 4 brexit but y oh y do u all sugar coat things like this as 'misleading'. Why can't u just tell it like it is &amp; say May is lying through her teeth. Being 2 polite &amp; turning cheeks is partly 2 blame 4 this mess
Then staying in the EU is the only other option as a no deal is suicide.
Hardly the same thing. We have no info on brexit as we havent left yet, its all conjecture &amp; theories. We cannot draw any conclusions until we have experience to draw on &amp; we cant get experience until we leave. Gen election isnt even close to the same thing.
the-guardian-uk|Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal|
Come on jacob please save our country from the gang of one #brexit
Since EU says this is the only deal possible what happens if Parliament is not passing this #Brexit deal (quite likely)? Does it mean no Brexit?
Brexit telly, m8.
Just cannot bear this awful unnecessary Brexit. Heartbreaking
Via : EU Supergirl sings ‘anti-Brexit’ song outside Brussels summit
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon +1 EuroBot #europe #politics
Let us not forget the real animating spirit behind #Brexit
I recall Dunkirk as being a massive effort to save a bad situation that was balanced when a few years later we went back into Europe via the Normandy beaches... Suggesting a Dunkirk spirit for Brexit suggests that we will need to return in due course
the-new-york-times|U.K. and E.U. Leaders Cinch Brexit Divorce Terms|
Lying about the EU got us where we are today. Fuck this dishonest deal Vote Leave cheated. #stopbrexit #Brexit
NFU President on latest Bitesized Brexit podcast
Earlier today offered me to come to Londonderry &amp; debate Brexit. I accepted her challenge &amp; now she has gone silent. If so sure of herself, then why has she suddenly went quiet when it comes to putting her money where her mouth is?
An argument with so many holes from that it creates a new Sieve #Brexit. We need a #peoplesvote
They are so Screwed if this Brexit collapses which is looking highly likely to me, there is so much at stake for this lot, its a Tinder Box, with a Corbyn lead Govt, its over for so many of them, they won't be leaving cause of Taxes, they will be Fleeing Justice many of these Fks
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams. It was press conference as tragedy as the PM clung to her draft and her delusions.
Jean-Claude Juncker has been talking to the BBC, and there is a wealth of information in these 53 seconds of footage: 1. "This is the only deal possible." He is not prepared to...
Done! It's a shambles. Let's stop Brexit.
Not brexit, apparently
Evil betraying women. May has sold out on everything people in Britain voted for in Brexit? It's a sham and a total capitulation!!!
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Yes I know all this thanks. That's why I actually don't care if we Brexit or not. I just want Tory party dead,a GE, and a Labour government. So I don't need these links. Cheers anyway.
You have to speak English aswell. Paella Twitter liking this una. Brexit means Brexit
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal Well well. The UK is totally fucked. Wait until they see what they get with this monster, the most ill conceived in Western European modern history.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum Given everything's in flux, this seems like the sensible option.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn. #BollockstoBrexit #PeoplesVote
The #Brexit yes vote has been strangled over &amp; over in the past2yrs. If it was a horse, it wld b a dead horse, let alone a winning horse. Instead of campaigning using her heart to convince "The Public", a quick show of hands from "The Public" would show a landslide to remain!
I have always voted Tory but Brexit Vote and its aftermath has really put me off the whole political scene in the UK :(
#Brexit should be the next movie with Europe being Sceptre! Especially the German woman! She could have a massive lair
I have never read such utter bullshit and falsehoods before in my life. Reading the PM's letter on #Brexit.
Sorry Nancy Sinatra You keep saying you got something for me Something you call a deal but it's clear You've been a'lyin' where you shouldn't 've been a'lyin' And now our nation's lost those things it held dear. This Brexit's made for racists And I say that won't do
Nor the old
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
the-economist|The truth about a no-deal Brexit|
EU agrees ‘best possible’ Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May -
Republicans are screwed. Republicans are screwed. Facebook is screwed.
How Theresa May’s deal with Brussels would keep Britain in the European Union in all but name.
You talk about "for the many, not the fews" but your deal is are the fews only, the only party how got brexit on the table is the party, gald I back the Conservative with a real brexit plan so can't wait to see your party crash on the vote.
DAVID CAMERON: IF WE VOTE LEAVE, THEN WE WILL LEAVE. He didn't mention giving away Gibralter and N. Ireland. Brexit: Theresa May writes letter asking British public to back deal
Think it's a compromise arrangement that might have worked had we gone for it earlier. Not sure if Europe would be still willing to go there. It could be that we're already faced with just 3 choices. May's deal, No Deal, and No Brexit. Not a difficult choice for me!
I'm referring to Labour MPs being ordered (presumably by their leader, Jeremy Corbin) to invoke Article 50, despite the vast majority of them being pro-Remain. That's the situation to which I referred: Had Corbyn not ordered MPs to vote pro A50, maybe Brexit could be avoided.
#EU leaders approve #BrexitDeal : #EuropeanUnion #UnitedKingdom #Brexit
Hope y'all xenophobic, white nationalists are enjoying Brexit and MAGA
The EU has agreed to Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Good but what will you do about Jezza's clear preference for Brexit at any cost?
Or simply #supportthedeal
May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial - the guardian
(Bored of Brexit? Brussels is where it got interesting) If you think Brexit is boring, go to an EU summit. That might seem like an odd antidote to what feels like the public's... -
#Brexit won't happen. You chose to be ruled, this is what you deserve.
Is this the Corbyn Party line that 'no Brexit' is now to be airbrushed out of the 'debate?
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues?
The latest La Marea Naranja! Thanks to #brexit #gibraltar
Oh my, you have got to be joking. SNP are the only UK party to put forward a full, written and clear proposal for Brexit. And they did it TWO years ago.
This week's Doctor Who is set 1 month after Brexit.
A response to Theresa May’s open letter on the #Brexit deal
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
Interested read, not directly Brexit related but worth considering that WTO isn't really very useful option for us.
Our government is certainly playing the fool in a very important matter. It does look like this entire process cannot be taken seriously. The government is deliberately playing a weak hand when in fact we can play a strong hand. The government and the EU are complicit .
Best definition of Brexit I`ve seen..
Rest of Europe shuts it's eyes and keeps on about brexit
Looks like a real leader and a proper politician. Corbyn and the cult take note!
Brexit spreading happiness and joy throughout the land
May faces daunting Commons arithmetic on Brexit deal
This Brexit deal is the best available - via
G20 summit, Brexit, race to succeed Merkel, US economy
She was responsible for the Windrush attack on black British people, racism is her motivation for Brexit- she’s a traitor to the immigrants and black peoples who’ve brought so much to this country.
The sectarian troll is strong with this one. Read the room now. Did you not pick up that things could go very bad in Britain over the Brexit situation? It's a high risk game being played by the politicians, that could turn to violence if they mess it all up.
Good, then we can completely break away from the EU.
Been busy all day so the question is, which cult? Could be #transcult #Corbyn cult, cult of #brexit, #Trump cult. This truly is the age of the cu*t.
Members of the House of Commons: We call on all MP's to reject the Prime Ministers Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn #BollocksToBrexit #NotBuyingIt #FinalSayForAll #PeoplesVote
Brilliantly vapid.
Hi David, as of this minute you are looking at an ex conservative voter here. If this deal goes through or BREXIT is scuppered because of this utter incompetence then I'll never vote for the again.
captures the deadening sense of dread and helplessness.
But in terms of Labour, in their current position I don’t see the harm in leaving everything on the table and pushing for a general election. They can always fall back on a PV, but stopping Brexit means nothing if we have 3-4 more years of Tory austerity.
I am #Swedish but I am fully with you on that one. Don't let anyone tell you something different. It is not a crime to be nationalistic although some people think it is. #Brexit #Swexit
You can watch on Sky News this evening being interviewed about the latest Brexit deal....
I’m already tangled up in this whole Brexit situation and I do not need Russians meddling in my business... oh, wait...
Brexit: May’s ‘Worst Deal in History’ with EU Officially Signed
Why? It's trash. Leave voters see it as a soft EU leave (EU puppet state) - which it is. And remain voters see it as a worse deal to just staying within the EU - which it is.
Disgusting. The #FBPE cult have once again shown that their agenda against Brexit is all that matters
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
I liked a video Theresa May gets agreement on Brexit from EU leaders
EU, UK Approve Brexit Divorce Deal; Now Comes The Hard Part Madrid Police "Dumbfounded" After Amazon Called The Cops On Striking Workers
British industry desperately wants access to the EDF’s subsidies for R&amp;D projects and, within the PESCO framework, for defense capability testing. It will not get that unless London pays into these funds, an idea loathed by Brexiteers.
You talk about "for the many, not the fews" but your deal is for the fews only, the only party how got brexit on the table is the party, gald I back the Conservative with a real brexit plan so can't wait to see your party crash on the vote.
PAINFUL AND POINTLESS IS A GOOD DESCRIPTION OF TONY BLAIR "Tony Blair says Brexit is a choice between 'painful and pointless'"
Agree entirely. However any overstayers are not EU citizens as these are here freely. Also, if our Govt has not cracked down on overstayers then that is not an EU issue. Finally, the countries we wish to sign trade agreements with post Brexit will insist on immigration numbers.
Have you seen the muffin man? #brexit #indyref #indyref2 #MayMustGo
It's tawdry - like Brexit itself. I hope Labour is, collectively, part of seeking a maximised, cross-UK, multi-party alternative consensus, &amp; sincere about it.
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
Leave-supporting Llanelli left reeling as manufacturing industry moves out due to Brexit #llanelli
I really hate that media adopted ERGs term of "no deal brexit" which gives impression of "oh, I don't like this deal, I won't sign it and leave things as they are". Nothing will stay as it is. Why not call it a crash-out-brexit? Surely an image of a car crash is much closer.
I agree. Bliar's time has been and gone. He's now a hired gun to whoever pays his going rate. Clearly the EU agenda appeals to him.....Should be in The Hague rather than giving his view on Brexit.
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Lol no. The Government is the political establishment and it's been trying to get Brexit at any cost. It's just unworkable
Excellent, That will be like birthday and Christmas coming at once. I often dream of clean Brexit and a real chancellor.
MPs should please take note of the president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, who warns that if they think they can get a better deal than what was agreed on 25th November, they will be disappointed. It'll be Parliaments fault if we end up with a "no deal" Brexit.
If you’re a Detective in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The European Intervention Initiative (i.e. European army) is outside EU’s structures, so allows for UK involvement after Brexit. But it's not that UK expected to join, more that it's 'permitted' to join. UK gov gave its backing to the Initiative -presumably for security reasons.
You know what the yellow stickers say, B2B, no matter who is punting it B2B, B2B and B2B.
More #Brexit news.
The latest Your Anon Daily! #brexit #rachelriley
Don't worry I am, but also on Jeremy Corbyn, co-leader of the Brexit Coalition with the Maybot.
I have been a loyal voting sinner all of my life and never asked a question, please answer this 1 question: at any stage of negotiations with Sen. Mitchell, was it discussed to drop the term "Provisional"? #brexit
I added a video to a playlist Theresa May gets agreement on Brexit from EU leaders
I would respectfully never back Brexit, as whatever deal gets will always be worse than current membership of the EU. Leavers are wrong. Not a popular view, but who got into politics to be liked?
But it's brexit that is a risk to animal welfare laws?
Been there ....
Boris Warns Brexit Plan Akin to Titanic Heading Toward Doom. - And he's right. Why do you think the EU is jumping all over this and rubber stamping it?!?!
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
#THUS #SAITH THE #LORD #GOD UNTO #THEE THAT IN AS FAR AS #BREXIT IS #CONCERNED THE #PATH AND #COURSE OF IT HATH #BEEN AS IT WERE BY #ME SET IN #STONE AS IS THE #COURSE AND #PATH OF THE #LEADER OF THE #GOVERNMENT OF THE #UNITED #KINGDOM
" Brexit – the undefined negotiated by the unprepared to get the unspecified for the uninformed."
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Theresa May pleads with MPs to back Brexit deal so Brits can finally stop arguing as leaders warn it’s the only one we’ll get at historic summit
I knew Brexit was in trouble as soon as it was found that May had played a blinder and Had Robbins running a parallel Negotiation, you only do that if you are shitting on someone and that someone was 17.4M strong
British Parliament has been great at investigating the data side of #TrumpRussiaBrexit , but slow marching an investigation into the funding of Brexit by the Russians.
Macron has now warned that he will FORCE us into a back stop if we don't give French fishermen access to our water. #Brexit #lostcause
A la une et dans lundi : Brexit : See you soon !
Taxi for Snackbeard! UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
From now until a Brexit deal is ratified, which may be months or even never, the EU will be in strategic disarray with the potential for a serious rift between its two major military powers, complicating any Western response. Of course this was why Putin wanted Brexit.
The latest The Uncle Bob Daily! Thanks to #perunews #brexit
I'm not sure I agree with everything about 2014 in this, but it's good about 2018 onwards.
“This is coordinated across national borders by very wealthy people in a way we haven’t really seen before.” - chair MP. The committee has called repeatedly for a Mueller-style inquiry. The government continues to ignore it.
Bringing together people who don't want brexit and people who want way more than she managed to get.
What does honesty and democracy mean to Tony Blair absolutely NOTHING we had the referendum and we are leaving come What May,!!!!!!
Our children will not tolerate the folly of their grandparents. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
of course. . in any proper democracy you have a significant threshold for constitutional changes. . . which means we're a dysfunctional obsolete polity, polluted by #brexshit #NotInMyName . . . #FBPE #Brexit #exitbrexit #FBR #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
"[ ] said she wanted to 'speak directly to the British people', and would be embarking on a campaign in the next few days, to sell the deal to the public" #brexshit
I understand the problems with the system in Britain, but it was the voters who voted for Brexit, and enough of them support it still to make it difficult for politicians to get a good deal. (And BTW, given support for Trump in this country, I can't say our voters are any better)
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
The amount of delusion &amp; brainwashing within the party is on an unparalleled scale! &amp; are also unparalleled in their ability to try patronise the 17.4 million #leave voters &amp;their failure to deliver democracy. We voted to leave #Brexit
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
#NoDeal to this #EU #Europe #Crap #Brexit
Her psychology is weird af. If Brexit happens she’s hung out to dry. With the betrayal narrative by senior Brexiters, if it doesn’t she’s hung out to dry too. No win. But still she pushes on in a bunker of delusion. Why? Because she gets to hurt immigrants? Why else?
Pathetic comment for someone who used to call themselves a journalist &amp; now just craves attention. Whether you are pro or anti brexit surely you understand they already knew the contents &amp; this was always a ceremonial? If they werent going to approve it would have been cancelled
May does not spout racist comments unlike Trump plus UKIP are not represented in our government, Brexit was about sovereignty, plus white folks are immigrants in the UK we have eastern Europeans. US racism stems from slavery
Please sign+RT this petition to oppose Theresa May's Brexit proposals that will damage the integrity of the United Kingdom and result in its demise in coming years.
Whenever you hear anyone answer a question but starting a sentence with "I have been very clear about this..." you can be 100% sure they have been anything but. Otherwize, why say it? #Brexit
Wen they say brexit is about jobs it’s total lies
Just answer the question. Given there's no no ability to go back and re-negotiate, how does a GE solve the brexit catastrophe?
The #Brexit yes vote has been strangled over &amp; over in the past2yrs. If it was a horse, it wld b a dead horse, let alone a winning horse. Instead of campaigning using her heart to convince "The Public", a quick show of hands from "The Public" would show a landslide to remain!
The reality is the EU isn’t interested in a ‘deal’ - particularly not one with exemption from market competition diktat to nationalise sectors or socialise municipal procurement, &amp; being seen ‘blocking’ Brexit (which is not conditional on a fantasy deal) will be toxic for Labour.
Not looking good for The Prime Minister's sell out, 'sorry Brexit MEANS Brexit deal.
Gave up my allotment in 2013 as had so much going on couldn’t keep up. Still as much going on that turning garden over to veg is a struggle. Could really have done without brexit
Dear Mrs May. Fuck off. Regards Liam
This is too much even for me
Hi Philip, as of this minute you are looking at an ex conservative voter here. If this deal here through or BREXIT is scuppered because of this utter incompetence then I'll never vote for the again.
Should replace 'the British people' with 'the EU' and it would be sincere at least. #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #BrexitDeal #DitchTheDeal
I hope my UK people don’t need this, but it’s worth doing anyway. Good advice and lots of research from Jack Monroe.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
The Devil this is the Only Deal Possible
Jeremy Hunt admits it's 'challenging' to secure MPs support for May's Brexit deal as DUP vow to oppose her
How does Marr get away with saying "but the English have never been ruled by anyone else"? Tacit assumption is that staying in the EU means being "ruled" by Brussels. That is such utter rubbish. Pooling sovereignty on industrial issues is not the same thing as being "ruled".
Delingpole: Britain‘s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit “The sheer awfulness of May, combined with the sheer awfulness of the deal she is trying to impose on Britain may ultimately, I believe, work to Brexit’s advantage”
Scotland has been totally ignored from the Brexit process so now Scotland will ignore Westminster we have had enough only Independence will serve Scotland now. So much for staying in the UK to stay in the E.U. we are being taken out against our will.
So much pointless anger. Leave voters! Two choices, get behind a second ref so you can have your say on deal/no deal (which you so obviously want but are not entitled to), OR save your breath and be grateful for whatever Brexit you get.
The End Game. #DissolveTheUnion
That is what compromise is all about.....we could try Corbyn and Brexit becomes a minor irrelevant was all jobs disappear along with most investment. Marxism has always wrecked every economy in every country where it has been tried.
Gibraltar doesn't want to be ruled by Spain. Let them vote on it
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Labour WILL back second referendum on Brexit, Tony Blair claims as Corbyn’s pals plot with pro-EU activists
Fucking Brexit.
They didn’t lie to themselves. They did lie to their country.
May's Brexit #Dog's brexit! #The Brexit Mess is a Troy Mess
Should have been buying British anyway - Brexit traitor
We simply cannot be sucked into a Black Sea Hole by regional powers. This is Russia and Ukraine's fight. The EU will be partisan. The temptation will be to follow. This is why Brexit must cut the UK out of EU defence policy
The only thing with less credit than Brexit is you. The man with no spine and a whole lot of slime.
Must read
And we all know that the idiot would role over and say okay..... #Brexit
And also she ends up at the job centre
"an independent Scotland would have a voice at the table when attempting to reform the CFP, whereas under the Brexit deal the EU will get to carve it up pretty much however it likes without the UK even getting a say" -
Sorry Pauline. There won't be any money to invest more in anything. Brexit - which you support - remember?
You know the Brexit deal's such a disaster, it doubles the chances of Scotland gaining independence and getting away from the madness of a Tory Government who are destroying business and the entire UK economy. Scotland has all the requirements to succeed without lying Tory idiots
So essentially BLACKMAIL Mps into voting for a dodgy deal with the alternative of No deal #brexit. Looks like you are going to get DUP'd again. Auld Jezza will help you this time though, don't worry.
Ok we’ll hold you to that, no going changing you mind now. #Brexit
I don't disagree. But thank goodness for it. A small space where the pretence that Brexit is anything but insane is not maintained.
And nor should they!
i mean i haven't been following lately but I thought the Corbynistas basically supported a "soft Brexit" ??? so the PM's deal seems to be in opposition to that
Last major EU Brexit hurdle removed via
UK Prime Minister Theresa May has won approval from the EU for her Brexit plan. Here's what happens next, and the potential pitfalls ahead.
If you only read one thing on where #Brexit goes from here (short answer: nowhere), make it this...
Brexit is the worst thing to happen to my mental health since postnatal depression. The constant dismissal of a #PeoplesVote leaves me feeling powerless and without a voice. How bad does this have to get before Westminster listens?
Looking fwd to holiday silliness with “Buttons: A Cinderella Story,” Charles Court Theatre Islington. Why do I think it shd be called “Brexit Is Burning”?
Outflows from #UK-focused equity funds since #Brexit vote hit $1 trillion
Those signs are all over Wales, from libraries to motorways. Wales, “has been given over £4 billion of EU money since 2000”. The level of structural funding the EU (&amp; not the UK) has invested in Wales is immense &amp; across industries. Dire if Brexit proceeds
Hi Greg, as of this minute you are looking at an ex conservative voter here. If this deal here through or BREXIT is scuppered because of this utter incompetence then I'll never vote for the again.
Surgical deconstruction of May's withdrawal agreement ...(sell out)
British Parliament has been great at investigating the data side of #TrumpRussiaBrexit , but have allowed May to either block or slow down investigation into the funding of Brexit by the Russians.
Why is anyone bothered what this war criminal says, who paved the way for signing the Lisbon Treaty, without a referendum. Fuck Blair, supercilious cunt
Bored of Brexit? Brussels is where it got interesting
People's Vote best option as so many lies told.
Brexit seen from French : "See you soon !"
Trump and Brexit collaborators are about to get rolled up, Putin may be making his move while he can.
My MSc was in bioprocessing. Lunacy is thinking that we won't be able to outsource post-Brexit.
She had an almost impossible task. Then she made it completely impossible with her stupid red lines (focused mainly on immigration). So yes, this is the best Brexit deal she could have come up with because Brexit was always going to be a bad deal.
Not a chance ! Either change your leader now and deliver a proper brexit or prepare for humongous losses at the polls, we will make sure you treacherous lot are anhialiated next G.E, history gone !
Adding that Germany is tooling up and training the 1 Million refugees, to be able to move manufacturing from UK to Germany. The orders are already leaving UK for EU. "Brexit has already cost Britain more than 2 percent of economic output"
I didn't. I voted for the UK to leave the EU. I always like to be clear about that. It leaves the fantasists less room to say "Ah, but what does 'Brexit' mean?", as they so often do. I voted for the UK to leave the EU.
More likely because it was the anniversary when Ukrainians remember the millions of victims of the Holodomor genocide, they believed Stalin instigated.
Macron is the sort of ally that if you were drowning he would be the first to hand you an electric cow prod... #Brexit
You can always rely on Macroléon Bonaparte, to say the right things. Merci #brexit
Brexit latest: Barnier looks to lock Britain out of security database after Brexit
An excellent explanation of the capitulation of the UK lead by our Europhile PM #WorstDealInHistory
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
Important milestone on the BrexIt journey as European Council approves Withdrawal Agreement &amp; Future Framework declaration
Another thick as shit Pro brexit Labour MP. Christ save us from these estate agent wankers. 1. Brexit twats are always angry, literally nothing will make them happy. 2. The pro-leave “rallies” manage about 8 attendees. 3. Stop lying.
more scots voted to brexit than voted for the snp
May Writes ‘Letter to the Nation‘ Begging for Brexit Deal Support via
He was elected based by the MEP’s and the Head of State WE elected. It isn’t undemocratic , that’s just something you keep telling yourself to justify Brexit. Reality , like all things Brexit is very different
'15 years ago, we ignored Charles Kennedy’s warnings about the Iraq war – today, they directly apply to Brexit'
And Still The Mess Continues - Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
'... the deal will fail in December. The 585-page agreement and its 26-page political annex are already regarded as redundant.... The worst news that May has ever had to confront is that the past two-and-a-half years were the easy bit.'
Remain side of the #Brexit debate. Full of cant.
thank you for being such an impressive demonstration of the total intellectual inadequacy of those who support #brexshit #NotInMyName . . . #FBPE #Brexit #exitbrexit #FBR #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
This happens just after a Brexit deal is signed. Globalists are losing their grip every day. #Qanon #Pain #WWG1WGA
Calls for second Brexit vote rejected by Northamptonshire county councillors.
#Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
I would deeply appreciate to see UK staying in EU
the only aim is to get back in power ,they used #Brexit to that aim ,#GeneralElectionNow #VoteLibDemGetTory
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Right. Just like it was a great idea with brexit
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes and yes.
If the don't get rid of #TreasonMay then they deserve the electoral annihilation that awaits them. #MayMustGo and take her #BetrayalAgreement with her. She has betrayed every single aspect of #Brexit bar none.
Aren't you supposed to have resigned?
What a terrible liar she is. should be totally ashamed of her dishonesty. #NotBuyingIt #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain
I don’t disagree to a degree, but if the Labour Party take over their vision of Brexit would be I believe a type of Norway option with full membership of single market, I am not sure if Brexit type MPs would be happy with that..........
GET OUT MAY.
But in this case true. The Cabinet Office have trodden all over Brexit. It's only because of the convention of not commenting adversely on the performance of Civil Servants that more attention hasn't been drawn to both Brexit and Universal Benefit, both Civil Service cockups.
“Reheats the very controversial notion” is an interesting way of spelling “wilfully misleading”
15 years ago, we ignored Charles Kennedy’s warnings about the Iraq war – today, they directly apply to Brexit - The Independent
Go for it ... a combined fast-food and coffee van with attached showers and toilets. Keep #thearchers Omnibus playing on a loop all week so every returning Brit can catch up as they refresh themselves and all them furriners can get a bit of authentic Brexit Blighty
You are a liar and deluded. History and most of the population will never forgive you for this betrayal. Stop Brexit.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Yeah there'd have been a hard Brexit if Corbyn hadn't taken away May's majority. I'd blame the people who came up with the idea of a binary referendum- the Tories. Any other argument is twisted logic.
That tells me everything I need to know here, when they should be disgusted about, Tory Austerity, homelessness, tax avoidance, benefit sanctions etcetera, etcetera. Question - Do you think that the Tories will care about any of this in the event of a Brexit or remain?
Can you leave your heart off the table please, tell you what ask the people who you claim to represent what they think, and if they disagree please leave, go, whatever you can do politely just depart you mindless deaf person and stop shaming women.
More than ‘sad’: tragic, depressing, counter-productive - yes. More than a dose of sad! ‘Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal’
What a complete dick head , always seeking publicity
I thought it was the other end that was on fire. Liar liar.
Why are there currently over 600 British troops stationed in #Ukraine fighting Russian targets? Has Theresa May declared war on #Russia without consulting parliament or the British public. #Conservatives #Labour #UKIP #LibDems #Greens #ForBritain #BritainFirst #Brexit #BBCNews
More than two years. Much more. Brexit neverendum.
I'm starting to feel like the Brexit nonsense has made my commission prices prohibitive, especially outside the UK (lots of interest until they see my rates ;-;) ...sooo...how much would you be willing to pay me for a commission?
What a load of BULLOCKS
But in the case of the Brexit referendum the British public voted to leave. It was an 'in or out' choice. We voted out, and out means to entirely leave the structures and over-arching control of the E.U. Anything less is not the Brexit that the majority voted for.
Nope me too. It’s gone a bit crazy. I can’t keep up Carmel. I’ve not posted yet as I’ve a bit going on at home and also reading a lot of posts from others about Cammel Laird, Brexit, NHS, petitions, as well as being a lousy husband and dad!
Trading with the EU if there's no Brexit deal -
The overwhelming reaction appears to be... What a risible message from the party chairman. #brexit
Hi Damian, as of this minute you are looking at an ex conservative voter here. If this deal here through or BREXIT is scuppered because of this utter incompetence then I'll never vote for the again.
Will be interesting to see what happens first out of River Plate v Boca Juniors and Brexit
Irelands last 2 referendums won bec of the major involvement of younger people Admittedly 2 very specific social issues Nonetheless hope for the future Have UK younger people woken up too late? Are they really motivated re #BREXIT?
The employment figures have very little to do with Brexit, the economy was growing before Brexit, we weren’t in recession. Brexit has made the economy weaker, no sensible person would argue against that. Currency is weak, investment is down, house prices have stagnated etc
Is #TonyBlair the new Labour leader? More leadership in one interview than the utterly pathetic #Corbyn has managed in 2 years since the EU referendum.
one scheming bitch
Didn't know she had a Heart or Soul!
Im saying the ppl voted &amp; decision must be respected, we have no idea how brexit will work until its done. U can throw theories etc around as much as u want but veto'ing something b4 its even been tried just cos u dont agree with it is moronic. The eu is not the be all &amp; end all.
When Merkel gets her 4th Reich Army together, she can invade the Ukraine and take Russia on directly. Yes, this is history repeating itself and the EU will be the heart of it this time and with approval from the Europeans. #Brexit
Let has happened to the #UK be a lesson to any country thinking of joining the #EU once you have joined you are a prisoner for life, their is no escape #Brexit
The best that could be hoped for Brexit is damage limitation exercise
Did you not say once upon a time : "there will be no trying backdoor tactics to keep us in the EU, BREXIT MEANS BREXIT !" YOU SAID IT LIVE ON TV. TREASON MAY, WANTED FOR TREASON, There is only one sentence for TREASON!
#Labour cannot sit on the fence for much longer and if they decide to go down #Corybn's #Brexit #Lexit then the people of "Remoania” as they call us Remainers will show Labour the door to oblivion. Ignore us at your peril. #ToriesOut #Resist #PeoplesVote
The Brexit mess is a Tory mess #Dog's brexit
If you only read one thing on where #Brexit goes from here (spoiler alert: nowhere), make it this...
James says it for so many of us. I would reply to your letter directly Mrs May but frankly won’t waste the money on a stamp. We’re going to need every penny if Brexit goes ahead.
British PM announces approval of Brexit deal by E.U. leaders
For anyone wanting to join the dots between the collapse of power-sharing in Northern Ireland, the relationship between the May government and the DUP and Brexit's Irish dimension, read the excellent recent book The Good Friday Agreement by
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
The Brexit Boomer, whose diet consists of beans and cheap beer, spends much of its time praying on younger, female members of other broods. It did not learn much of the valuable lessons in its youth as most American Boomers have.
Of course the EU27 have backed her 'deal'! She's capitulated and surrendered to everything they wanted and more. This isn't Brexit. The only certainty is that the country is now united against the PM.
New post (EU's only Plan B is preparing no-deal Brexit: official) has been published on Daily top pop -
‘ ...it’s a big thing to litigate the very validity of Brexit. But if Russian athletes win Olympic medals when they are taking drugs, their victories are not valid. The same is true of a corrupt vote. ‘ Fraud unravels everything. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
and her ilk on the #EU side are always on programs - usually at least 3-1 against #Brexit supporters. She constantly interrupts, spouts Bollox and gets away with it so your outrage she gets same is quite frankly ill informed. Shabi is no defender of democracy
landbridge advantage will now be largely lost with having to pass into/out of 3rd country outside SM/CU..indeed Holyhead will pass into history as can't be geologically expanded; Dover &amp; tunnel too will become gridlocked. IRE fine with Celine(for starters)
Those she can bribe she will those she can't she will threaten with a Corbyn Labour government and loss of position and Power the thing Tories fear the most.
MPs should please take note of the president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, who warns that if they think they can get a better deal than what was agreed on 25th November, they will be disappointed. It'll be Parliaments fault if we end up with a "no deal" Brexit.
For a Labour MP to say this — to do this — when it is clear that any Brexit will damage the jobs and remove the rights of her working constituents — is nothing short of a dereliction of duty. Shameful.
You won't be worrying about Brexit tomorrow. You'll wish you were though.
These people are the same who said Brexit would be fine
Yes she is a Quisling.
Wetherspoons owner to come to Gloucester in 'No-Deal Brexit' tour #Gloucester
Look...the majority of people in the six counties want to remain in the EU...why don't you try and represent them for a change? #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal
No chance. The will not get my vote in my Labour held marginal. You have torn this country apart and conned me into voting Brexit . I detest your gov and pray for a #peoplesvote with a #remain option to right my wrong. Your party is finished.
May and Merkel went to school together and are BFF's, what did you expect...
Hi Brandon, as of this minute you are looking at an ex conservative voter here. If this deal here through or BREXIT is scuppered because of this utter incompetence then I'll never vote for the again.
Cute kid - but bedtime stories have certainly changed since I was a child ....
That's Brexit for you.
Gutted to my core.
Brexit: Theresa May's 'letter to the nation' in full
How can labour stop Brexit ? Why is this not aimed at the fools that are negotiating Brexit, announced the referendum and are making a mess of society right now
What’s she going to do next to “buy” more votes ?
Any examination of manifesto of the last several general elections will reveal are Pro- Europe and Pro- European governance. Never trust a Tory. #Brexit
Are you taking some with you to Little Britain? #Brexit
If you’d asked yesterday #brexit
Absolutely true Julia. I've called you a fool for your blinkered, nonsensical view of society and Brexit for years.
EU leaders agree Brexit deal
May's behaviour is scandalous: she fawns over the EU and sucks up to muslims, whilst , cheating her own ppl, and denying asylum to Christians. Surely she will go down in history as our worst most 'frit' PM ever!
Ex-UK Foreign Minister Boris Johnson says Brexit deal like "Titanic"
Wondering if Brexit will affect New EU Data Protection rules? Then read the informative blog here on the subject #GDPR #Brexit #EU #Dataprotection
Maybe Russia launched #Brexit in order to be able to launch this attack on this very day.
Translation: May's #Brexit #Betrayal works for everyone whether they are French, German, Italian, Spanish, Greek ... anyone and everyone except the British. But, then, nobody was arguing on our side, were they?
As #Brexit tensions simmer, new #exhibition celebrates migration
Not the fantasy Brexit I dream of, just the Brexit I, and 17.4Million others, voted for.
So what? The people who march are just the tip of the iceberg - the only way you can compare like for like is to look at the numbers in Leave marches. Very few. They had 4 at a recent 'Brexit means Brexit' Downing Steet protest - and 2 of those were reporters!
I thought the main problem was not the 500 plus pages on the transition period, but the vagueness in the 26 pages on the final deal. Don't we risk a "hard Tory" final brexit in contrast to a "soft" interim deal.
I know which I believe. Read it and make your own judgement. I hope you’ve read this.
The need to remember, many people who don't usually vote Tory, loaned their votes to them believing treason would make sure Brexit was done properly. Those votes will be lost forever, and so they should be. Traditional Tories are also leaving in droves
It’s heartening to hear this news. As it’s now clear the gov is in total disarray and has cooked a Brexit which will please no one, let us hope the courts will find courage. Someone has to save the country.
To paraphrase the tomb of Sir Christopher Wren: if you wish to see Brexit being implemented, look around you.
I hope everyone's bracing themselves for an almighty onslaught of Project Fear and Brexit Derangement Syndrome (BDS-FBPE). It's going to be a long few weeks! What tales will be told to spook us? Will oxegen run out? Will there be war? Droughts? Plagues of EU locusts? Who knows!
Fight For A Better Brexit!
Nah, once we’re off we’re away. Let England &amp; Wales enjoy their #Brexit.
Forget the politics, anyone else have an issue with the fact that young children will see this?
The latest The HouseofTwitsLib Daily! Thanks to #brexit #advent
Looks like Brexit.
One positive of brexit; these thick as mince brexiters who have risen to public prominence despite their intellectual paucity discover that they are, in fact, as thick as mince
no? well read the anecdote of the boastful medical student who believed his erection was so solid it could stop the blades of an electric fan, in fact no... a perfect anecdote for Brexit.
Wales voted for Brexit. Crack on with England.
Except it isn’t.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Theresa May, "Brexit means BrexIN" The moment Brexit vote passed their tactic became Delay, Derail &amp; Debase the Deal....
The £30K minimum means farmers will have to pay those kind of wages for seasonal labour from eastern Europe to get their fruit &amp; veg picked. The new Brexit Britain status symbol: a salad.
Must be awkward for anyone who supports both #Brexit and Ashley having to rely on a second vote to get their preferred outcome... #Strictly
The Great Recession and the shoddy response to it by the elites really seems to have fatally undermined faith in the elites on both sides of the Atlantic. It's given us stuff like Brexit and Trump.
Don’t take it personally. Brexit highlighted a schism in society we were previously unaware of. Self nominated ‘elites’ staged a cultural coup &amp; our currently embarked on an actual coup via the EU Commission. Anyone who refuses to stand ‘in their gang’ is considered fair game.
This.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
This man is terribly frightening,really puts the fear of G-d in me!
Britain's May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
What happened to the easy deals your side and your “friends” promised? Can’t you see that the reason some of us voted remain was that it was a better deal than any form of Brexit?
Due after the full report on the Tory election expenses issue...
Well Brexit
#Brexit: French President Emmanuel Macron has said the UK will be trapped in a customs union after Brexit unless Downing Street offers European fishermen full access to British waters during the coming trade negotiations.
The #Brexit will not happen since 1) the Agreement is de facto a disguised agreement to stay in the EU 2) this Agreement will be rejected by the EU parliament 3) this Agreement is the EU’s last proposal
EU agrees ‘best possible’ Brexit deal
Seeing this makes me want a hard Brexit.
The week in satire Vol. #95 And what a week it was!A week in which May continued to pretend she had a workable Brexit deal! A week in which everyone … Read more The week in satire Vol. #95 The post The week in satire Vol. #95 appeared first on The…
Or alternatively, no reasons. Stop Brexit.
On the Morning Call NAB’s Rodrigo Catril discusses falling oil, weakness in the US &amp; Europe and a Brexit deal no one seems to want:
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
The sooner the better
Not often I retweet Piers...
Ben Jennings on #EU leaders and Theresa May's #Brexit deal – cartoon
WHICH "NATION" ARE YOU ADDRESSING? ALL THE NATIONS IN THE UK? THE UK YOU'RE TRYING TO SHIT ON WITH THIS UNEQUIVOCAL DISASTER CALLED BREXIT?
Ben Jennings on #EU leaders and Theresa May's #Brexit deal – cartoon
"Brexit is an economic and political disaster, fuelling, not healing, divisions. The extent of the folly has grown clearer with each turn of the page."
Britain's May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
Delingpole: Britain‘s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
I remember them£100,000 a day France had for breach of EU rules allowing our beef back in. What happened - all waived. This was one of the big reasons I wanted Brexit. Can’t trust them.
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is ‘the best possible deal’
MPs should please take note of the president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, who warns that if they think they can get a better deal than what was agreed on 25th November, they will be disappointed. It'll be Parliaments fault if we end up with a "no deal" Brexit.
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is ‘the best possible deal’
There is a nostalgic attachment to Britons as sea farers. The fishing industry is a trading industry. With hindrance to trade it will wither further. Don't be fooled by #MSM choosing to accentuate the plight of the fishermen themselves.
I do not expect Unionism on mass to join in the debate or vote for a UI. However because of Brexit almost all Nationalist shall vote for a UI in order to remain with in the EU + a % of soft Unionist enough to carry the vote. #Think32 #Brexit
Katie how do the general public fight such corruption by those leading the country? Civil war, on the streets riots? The MPs voted for by the people have a different agenda..and clearly do not have any intentions of respecting the referendum!
Well said mate !!!
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Sorry you're wrong, might cause parties to have to rethink who's government but Tories know what you said &amp; would probably vote with May, then unseat her with a leadership ballot. In any case until Corbyn comes out for stopping Brexit dead, or #PeoplesVote no better thanks.
A poor deal. One that is not good for our country.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
If you think this is a bad deal, wait until we try negotiate a free trade agreement with Trump. He’s pro Brexit because it weakens us and the EU.
Do your rrsearch, Here we go again with thise of little education. Yes if you support brexit and it comes to pass milliomn will die of poverty. Many are dying now of hunger &amp; cold, harsh govt policies killing them off. Official. UN report on poverty in the UK November 2018.
'Your grandchildren will regret Brexit'
European Union has approved a Brexit deal with Britain
Well England may suck with the whole Brexit thing but this I applaud them for..."NEW: Parliament seizes 1000s of Facebook internal documents in extraordinary move...
Last time for the Govt., and you , to get out in front of this . #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home
Brexit protester in Brussels burns copy of Theresa May's divorce deal with blowtorch | London Evening Standard
Then they would simply be continuing their longstanding hypocrisy. Because he is right that they spent the ref calling concerns about not getting a good deal project fear. Now they say that no deal was their preference all along. It's dishonest, but what isn't with Brexit.
'B******* to Brexit' bus to tour UK as Remainers crowdfund £16,000 | London Evening Standard
Ok, i only included one link in the tweets above in my defence, i agree with you about the fbpe clown mob generally speaking (although some exceptions) people's vote is foolish strategically for labour winning a GE too -
"We will manage" is that the best that you Brexit extremists fools have to offer the British public Douglas?
This week’s newsletter: Quick touchpoint on Brexit moving chains and corporate governance in the spotlight again in the wake of Ghosn’s arrest
Yet more proof that the people who vote for #Strictly evictions are fully Brexit
Top News - Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament? |
EU, UK Approve Brexit Divorce Deal; Now Comes The Hard Part &gt;Parliament must vote against MAY and this deal, get her out If a snap election is called &amp; Labour go for another referendum even more will vote Brexit and they will loose an election. 17. 4m
May caves in over Gibraltar Spain says joint sovereignty on table Another fantastic #Brexit victory
Good stats in this thread
They love the notion as they view themselves as above the common herd anyhow. Noticed an awful lot of the nutty Remain brigade are v often in senior positions. I still derive a delicious frisson from how mental Brexit has driven these awful ppl.
They have the perfect scenario: A puppet they installed in the USA Brexit problems in the UK Weakening global stability. Best time to restart the Ukrainian war.
Fuck you. I can't believe you're making me stand up for a Fine Gael politician, but this finger pointing at Ireland because we refuse to toe the line with dumb-fuck Britain over Brexit is nobody's fault but your own. Take your fucking medicine.
Peter we are leaving, don't listen to Peston he's flakier than ever. TM
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon: Continue reading...
UK Will Stay In 'Backstop' Customs Union Unless EU Gets Generous Deal On Fishing, Warns Emmanuel Macron | HuffPost UK
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon via
The EU are distracted by brexit, and usually wait until they have a regular meeting of heads before making a "joint declaration" - it's terribly bureaucratic, and prevents a fast response; the US commander-in-chief is probably playing golf, right?
THERESA MAY’s BREXIT PLAN B; “WAR WITH RUSSIA” as today, UK Forces hit #Russia in #Ukraine &amp; #Syria. #ukparliament #brexit #remain #leave #altnews #realnews
Macron fails to see the parallel between the wave of popular discontent sweeping France and the dissatisfaction of Britons who voted for Brexit Emmanuel is sewing the seeds for a future Frexit via
Career MP's will never GET IT one would think as they have never had a real job in the real World outside the Westminster Bubble.
No, so they can act in the best interests of the UK &amp; its people. Which in my opinion does not mean overlooking criminal acts &amp; attacks by hostile foreign powers. That’s before we even start to consider the impact Brexit will have on the economy &amp; geopolitics...
The WA is far worse than the current deal. By any logic the govt would say no to Brexit. Before it's too late.
Ashley in dance off! What can you say? Well I suppose people voted for Brexit!! #Strictly
Don’t take it personally. Brexit highlighted a schism in society we were previously unaware of. Self nominated ‘elites’ staged a cultural coup &amp; are currently embarked on an actual coup via the EU Commission. Anyone who refuses to stand ‘in their gang’ is considered fair game.
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon #NEWS
snp lost 500,000 votes and more scots voted to brexit than voted for the snp
It's like Brexit but worse
No brexit is the remain option. There is no leave option
I don’t mind her that much, she is at least honest in her positions, more so than other Labour MPs and she’s not on the Corbyn #Brexit brigade, but her position here, feels more like a response to Don Valley voting 68.5% leave. But she’s not the only MP in that hole.
This is why it needs to be stopped now. After March, we’ll have years and years and years of it.
Theresa May's #brexit deal. Everyone gets what no one wants.
The Caroline Flint tweet is totally disingenuous. Giving in to the nonsense that is Brexit is leading us to far right dominance and destruction of true democracy. Always beware someone starting a statement with it is clear! They're usually trying to make it anything but!
The tories will vote it through. They will do anything to avoid a GE. All about protecting power and DUP will vote for it as they are only interested in filling their pockets.
If the deal is rejected then what would the 2nd ref be asking? Surely Brexit would be dead in the water?
Deluded or What? I for one will not be voting for a pro Brexit party. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
"Campbell’s claim flies in the face of text from the actual document that makes clear access to UK waters is a key part of the agreement."
"It's complicated." 1. This deal is as soft a Brexit as UK can get. 2. Labour's job is to oppose this bill regardless, and its incentives are aligned with that job. 3. Corbyn hasn't been honest on Brexit. Everyone (quite reasonably!) suspects he was secretly in favour of Brexit.
#BBCAskThis Opinion polls show your Brexit deal is massively unpopular among both Leave and Remain voters in the country. So why should MPs back it?
But their unicorns have two horns and as any fool knowe are much betterer !
Would suggest the answer is yes. May's deal is nonsense but seems unlikely there will be a better brexit deal, so choice seems to be no deal or no brexit. Economic impact assessments of each will be interesting. Reckon they will show far more than £9bn downside to this stupidity.
They have the perfect scenario: A puppet they installed in the USA Brexit problems in the UK Weakening global stability. Best time to restart the Ukrainian war.
Why would the DUP ever abstain from a vote that breaks them from our United Kingdom? Our is dillusional!
Posted...
SCOT goes POP! YouGov poll suggests that Scotland is even more opposed to May's Brexit deal than the rest of the UK
With all the stresses of modern life, sometimes I worry about my mental health... but then I go and read a ‘have your say’ on a BBC Brexit article and I suddenly things don’t seem so bad.
We know a song about that Soul to Soul "back to life, back to reality"
Now is not the time for fantasy unicorn #Brexit. Wake up Labour people and tell the leadership this truth.
Brexit: I vote for no border!
What was the point in Brexit and Trump if society is still standing kmt can we just descend into the darkness and anarchy already pls
#Brexit: The UK's future is being decided by a small group of flat-earther types who insist that earth is only 6000 years old; that dinosaurs coexisted with people; that women are second class citizens; and that homophobia is fine. #DUP
Tony Blair can fuck off right over there. Then fuck off some more.
See our joint letter from #grassrootsforeurope to Donald Tusk. It was hand delivered by BH4EU Chair Susie Caurtault to EU representatives in Brussels today.
Hi David, as of this minute you are looking at an ex conservative voter here. If this deal here through or BREXIT is scuppered because of this utter incompetence then I'll never vote for the again.
The issues around fishing rights are also historic + complex; EU quotas are a simple, convenient Brexit foil. The article below focuses on more salient problems closer to home. Doubt you'll hear Nigel + others talk about the industry from this angle...
I don't think we know anything of the kind. Recent polls suggest only 54-46, and that's before Leave start campaigning again. Ethical, legal or otherwise, they're miles better at digital campaigning.
#FBPE cult has spent more time attacking Labour over Brexit than it has the Tories, but when it attacks John McDonnell for addressing concerns that 100,000 children could go hungry this Christmas because of Universal Credit, it has seriously crossed the line
First poll since Brexit deal: voters want a new referendum
Almost a normal day in this forgotten conflict. Europe should really react. But they’re too busy with this shitty #brexit.
Brexit deal done, WW3 about to start might as well have a cup of tea #wereallgoingtodie
What a mess. Some Brexiteers say this Brexit deal is the best we can get; others say it's the worst and gives us nothing we asked for. Yet more say it ends freedom of movement - others say it doesn't. Many want new talks - the EU says NON! We've been our own worst enemies.
True indeed.....
Labour leadership is respecting result of referendum. As is Conservative leadership. Country is divided but Brexiteers narrowly have it...Way forward now is to support May and EU plan for Brexit. Second referendum divisive
I'm surprised you seem surprised! A significant part of the resistance by some of our political class to the historic BREXIT referendum is because the Brussels gravy train will terminate and they will have to get off!
Europhile Labour supporters are feeling increasingly abandoned by a leader who was supposedly elected for his principles and foresightedness. Even if he eventually backs a second referendum their trust in him will be weakened.
Yet. Wait til Brexit kicks in.
2 years worth of lies exposed. 3 brexit secretaries resigned. 2 leave campaigns broke the law. 0 economic benefits given. 0 support for agreed "deal". 2016 ref - no longer applicable.
God, please let this happen - maybe Farage, Rees-Mogg, Boris &amp; co will spontaneously combust....
you are clearly an imbecile as your threats today have just made it impossible for Theresa May to get enough support for the Brexit deal in the Commons. French idiot.
No. I’ll just carry on being a multilingual export sales and marketing professional. There’s no country called Europe. There might well be in the future, underlining why Brexit is such a good thing.
BBC News - Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
#russia balkanising West #europe now or just taking advantage of it? #brexit #uk #DivideAndRule
A #NoDealBrexit may hurt in the short term but is nothing compared to the long term pain of Mrs May's Brexit in name only
This cannot be allowed. #NoDeal please. #animalwelfare
Right on, Hasan. You tell it like it is.
'#dismay' total disbelief in what's happening with #brexit literally #dis #May
You’re finished if you back this sham Brexit... be warned
Every single poll asking how people will vote after Brexit puts yes at over 50%. Just wait till after Brexit and the reality kicks in.
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal'
Darcey I love you but it's like Brexit all over again, everyone knows no-one is voting for her.
Many to blame, yes. Cameron Farage Johnson Gove Elliott Murdoch Cummings Dacre May Banks Stuart Lawson Rees-Mogg Hannan Carswell Gauke Trevelyan Leadsom Fox Mordaunt Hunt Javid Grayling Dorries Dyson Ratcliffe Martin Desmond Barclays Davis Raab. And you blame frigging Corbyn.
Good to see at least one Party Leader in tune with a People's Vote.
Of course he wouldn’t understand a desire for sovereignty and democracy . The man is evil
Brexit: Emmanuel Macron in EU customs union threat to Scottish fishing
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Because the Tories can't be trusted to define the question. Because nothing has been done to ensure that a PV now can't be interfered with like the ref. Because the country needs a Labour government for more and bigger reasons than brexit
Look at Macron said on fishing If you don’t realise what it mean to sign WA then please step down.
EU leaders seal #Brexit deal, call on Britons to back May
Oh no we're gonna all die in a horrible confusion of dehydration, starvation, nuclear war and rebirth of the dinosaurs.
I think the evidence since the vote has all been that Brexit is a bad idea. People are just fed up that we're stuck with something so obviously bad
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
That's the easy part done for #May. Now she has to get her #Brexit deal through parliament, and is widely expected to fail...
If you are so confident no-deal brexit can be successful, why are most politicians calling for a second vote? And further more, why has the Army been ordered to 'standby' alert in the event of no-deal? It won't ne to detain us remainer's!
Not really pal... the 52% possibly expected our PM to follow the wishes of the referendum result. She’s shown her true colours now.
Calls for second Brexit vote rejected by Northamptonshire county councillors.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Erm, which country wants to only trade under WTO rules? The UK already has trade agreements ready to go for when we leave the EU, so it won't be only under WTO rules. The number is likely to increase as we approach #Brexit day.
I think there is no assembly as the dup couldn’t get the draft agreement that they allegedly didn’t have past some of their supporters with regards an ILA. both parties have behaved disgracefully. I think brexit could be really bad here - this deal gives us at least a chance
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
It isn't over, until its over....if this gets past Parliament, democracy will be dead, and you will reap the whirlwind.
Even with a pro-Brexit stance, is it wise to further alienate Remainers with rude terms like Remonia?
Totally agree. If Labour had a strong, articulate and courageous pro European leader this shitstorm would be history by now. Corbyn is a disaster who nobody outside of Monentum takes seriously.
You need to tell others what you want to change, otherwise you are going to lack support from the general public.!! We need to know.. stop shouting you don’t agree .. “tell us why”?
There must be *some* way that Lauren can go instead of Graeme. And that we can revere Brexit.
Just remembered I've got a pps number. No idea what it is how how to get it but I've for one lol
Only Theresa May is able to see sunny uplands for Brexit. Maybe that's where she intends to hide as the Brexit disaster unfolds.
We vote to leave the anti democratic EU but we sign up to an agreement we can't unilaterally leave, to EU laws in perpetuity and to pay £39bn for, in effect, a few pension pots? Not anything like the Brexit voted for.
Interesting article. May was Home Sec. Hammond/Johnson changeover.
The PM hasn't come up with a brexit deal! Der....
Or we could just not leave? Because it is and always was a crap idea
Brexit draft withdrawal agreement – experts react via
What (And Why) I’m Stockpiling For Brexit. Something we all need to keep in mind in a changing world.
If she's so keen on national unit, why not a vote?
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
An absolute betrayal to the majority who voted leave, a betrayal to her election manifesto and her Lancaster House speech. This "deal" does nothing for anyone in the UK and only benefits the EU. This is not delivering on Brexit.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #brexit
#EU summit agrees #Brexit deal and warns it is not open for renegotiation
When remainer David Cameron stood down after leave won the #Brexit referendum, we the 17.4 million should have insisted that only Mps who voted to leave be illegible for his replacement. It was madness to replace a remainer PM for another. #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo
EU backs Brexit deal as May struggles to win support
There are no trade barriers today &amp; probably until at least 2023. After that any new barriers would obviously apply to Scotland as well if it was independent. Far more likely is Brexit will implode long before then.
Such an ambitious person...you can see the nerd ‘I’m going to show you’ attitude on her weasel face. #VoterID #StopTheCoup #Trump2020 #MAGA #2A #BlueLivesMatter #Brexit #BoycottNFL
Macron Issues Veiled Threat on Post-Brexit Talks: Brexit Update
#OpposeTheBrexitDeal. So ashamed of the British Government and the damage they are doing to the country through Brexit. #NotBuyingIt #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain
You voted Brexit, you're getting Brexit. The fact you're not getting the Brexit you expected, just points to your ignorance of all the possible implications of your vote. Such a complex issue should never, have gone to a yes/no vote, let alone a mere majority vote.
It's almost like people have better things to do with their Sunday evening than entertain mouth-breathing oxygen-thieves
Family meal time? More like yelling at each other about Brexit for 3 hours
The eu holding us to ransom &amp; remoaners handling the negotiations is whats fucking us up. The eu trying to make an example of us &amp; a leader that doesnt believe in brexit trying to deliver brexit. Oh the irony is strong young padawan.
Brexit latest: Jean-Claude Juncker warns MPs 'this is the only deal possible' and that there will be no renegotiating if it is voted down in Parliament | London Evening Standard
"And its Ranty running through on goal for XO. Jez screams "TEKKERZ" as he moves in to intercept. Dan hits him with a Brexit Piledriver to send him sprawling. "UP THE TICS" he screams as he hits it top bins. XO have won the Wembley Cup. Spencer is in tears. The beautiful game."
Wait what? So Theresa May got a deal after Brexit’s negotiator resigned...sick!!
So the one Industry that stood to massively benefit from Brexit is now not getting the benefit they voted for.
#MarsHillBlog Post On John Hayes' knighthood #TheresaMay #Brexit #Conservatives #JohnHayes #UnitedKingdom
#bbcqt #Brexit #PM Missed oppurtunity your trump card leathel weapon survival kit to keep going #GetRealNoDeal or Deal your Ace Card #PeoplesVoice fact Vote seek direction letter to the #folks smart sleek smooth Win win approach You Deserve it..how I view it Passion for #UK 1st
Puts Brexit in its place this. Could have far wider ramifications.
Theresa Mays to doing a deal with a compulsive liar Quote #brexit #jacobreesmogg
I was watching that for a minute. I was hopeing she wouldn't win! You know how it is Brother. British, French,Australian,German,Canadian. Their all the same, they all seem to collude with each other. Against the Peoples better interest's, ignoring the desire of the "People"!
The Tory chaos &amp; uncertainty that is Brexit doesn't rule out a no confidence vote on Theresa May &amp; GE If I were running a political party - I'd think about all outcomes - it's called being prepared Second referendum will continue to require legislation &amp; majority MP support
That means getting behind her and giving her the order of the boot. If you consider the shambles she has produced with this duplicitous document to be #Brexit then you too are a liar.
Yes;what exactly was wrong with using expertise not contradicted by opinions such as that of Farage. What was wrong with using well researched and objective reporting and sharing factual evidence to British people?? #toptable #remain2reform #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Adddendum to point 1: There is a softer version of Brexit that remains possible, called "calling the whole thing off and not leaving the EU after all". I suggest that the UK consider that Brexit strategy!
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
This is, even with all that’s happening, important.
You can always count on this MP to be spectacularly wrong when she thinks it'll save her job. Brexit is a far right project spreading discord &amp; distrust and will continue to do so if it happens. #InformedConsent #PeoplesVote
By backing a #PeoplesVote. By voting for a #PeoplesVote. Not by sitting on their collective hands, pretending there’s nothing they can do. It really is that simple.
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it EU leaders warn British MPs they CAN’T re-open Brexit deal
your constituents voted to leave EU. Brexit means Brexit. No deal is better than a bad deal. MICHAEL HEDNESFORD
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker insists the #Brexit deal agreed by the EU is the only one.
Whilst you are all fretting over Brexit, Ukraine and Russia have started shooting at each other.
Two people on my Facebook thing have posted pics of the Christmas trees they’ve put up this weekend. I know life can feel grim what with Brexit and suchlike,but the basic fact is it’s November.Not December.The wise men and shepherds are still on the M5 and nowhere near Bethlehem
At least now the EU has agreed to our withdrawal, we won't have to hear of Brexit for another 40 years.
Brexit. next. Founder of Ukip the party responsible for the Brexit referendum. Prof Emeritus London School of Economics. Will the British parliament support the latest May/EU deal, or say no thanks/no way?
Tricky one as I still want brexit but nit the watered down version
WTO boss is not so enthusiastic
Revere Brexit tho
If only Tony had asked the same question before invading Iraq!
Your fxxxing shite kipper boy you own it , get your head out of Farages underpants wake up and smell the coffee Brexit is dead in the water
Something not right here..... #StandUp4Brexit
When you discover the reality of the devastating effects of #brexit Despite my loathing of people, I'd rather back a #PeoplesVote than #BackTheBrexitDeal
#DontBackTheBrexitDeal *Dear PM. Please find attached my letter to you &amp; the Nation in which I respond &amp; advocate for #Consumer #Rights; will you accept my invitation to tea and cake (please click on the link)?*
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Adddendum to point 1: There is a softer version of Brexit that remains possible, called "calling the whole thing off and not leaving the EU after all". I suggest that the UK consider that strategy!
Ram Yer Brexit
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day. “She whirrs jerkily toward the lectern, says “taking back control” as many times as the hour demands, then rotates back inside the apparatus.”
“Anyone who thinks the centre-left needs to ‘get a handle on immigration’ in order to defeat the rise of the far-right clearly hasn’t heard of [or has forgotten] New Labour.”
Half of #France rioting because of the price of their fuel . Imagine the scenes when they discover what the UK charges for a fredo Hell on #FranceProtest #Brexit
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues? - ABC News - via
In the event (hopefully), of No Deal #Brexit trade will not instantaneously stop! Yes, there will be WTO / EU Common external tariffs, but businesses will need to keep running! Businesses exist to provide products, employment, profits, taxes! The EU CARTEL exists to produce, SFA!
Brexit is becoming more and more like a task on The Apprentice - a bunch of fucking morons trying to flog their stupid ideas and somehow avoid getting the sack for another week - if only we had to call them on their crap and get rid of them #YourFired #BrexitShambles
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it UK would run out of clean water within days of No Deal Brexit, Michael Gove believes
Has anyone released a #Brexit Advent Calendar yet? Think of the fun.
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
No and I don't accept it
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
This is exactly what I thought Brexit would look like, that's why I voted against it. In not going to star supporting it now.
We don’t need trust? , we’re already in power!?
Every Brexit.
THERESA MAY’s BREXIT PLAN B; “WAR WITH RUSSIA” as today UK Forces hit #Russia in #Ukraine &amp; #Syria. #brexitdeal #brexitchaos #brexit
Your facial expressions &amp; demeanour during the traitors Commons statement gave your thoughts away Have you a shred of integrity left? #brexit
Wish I could be as confident Douglas.
Briton is infested with progressives. They ruin everything they touch - even entire nations.
#hungary's newest campaign on #Brussels and #Brexit My only question is, that is the Hungarian Government aware of that the migrants mentioned in this poster can also mean the #migrants of Hungarians working in the UK?
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May Colonial hangover hampered #Brexit near completion.
Brexit will be the forever embarrassment of Britain, the entire process has exposed laughable weaknesses and consumed the government instead of moving forward with day to day needs of a country..akin to a dear in headlights. Pride vs foolishness is all that has been demonstrated
Ken Frost on Twitter
So are you implying that majority of the British citizens who voted for leaving EU are Far Right sympathisers? If not then why would the far right be resurgent? #Brexit
What a bad deal this is. Did you have Our ex president do the negotiations for UK.
No more amendments to Brexit agreement, EU tells May
Not since 1704 you fascist donkey-botherer. Don't worry, as soon as Brexit is dealt with the EU will quickly allow a free Catalonia to join as a full new member. It's easier for them to politically control more, smaller, states so they will break up the larger ones like Spain.
Highlights of EU, UK declaration on post-Brexit ties
A thread: Reminder why Blair and co are not the progressives as often peddled. Only this week did state the Brexit deal wasn’t good enough because it didn’t fully end freedom of movement and “less immigration enforcement”
This is great, so it is... #brexit #BrexitShambles
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor' | via
No words / Keine Worte....
How to spot a privileged person who has never given a thought to people vulneable to Tory spite and who have no idea of why those people may have voted leave. They have FBPE in their profile
Interesting if you substitute the word journalist for politicians. Which is a calumny on the fine screivers that we do have, although I don't include Mr McColm amongst them. This the best use of your talents? In face of the clusterfuck of yr unionist Brexit, I somehow doubt it.
Absolutely.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Actually I think his 7/10 comment during the campaign, infuriating though it was, reflects his view. He's not a pro or anti Brexit fundamentalist like you chaps Anyway you can carry on obsessing about Labour while ignoring the fact that one of your MP's is supporting May's deal.
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Ja - und ? #Brexit is more important - everything else is #SmallBeer
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
When will Argentine football sort itself out and stop the disgraceful football scenes e.g. the game between Boca Juniors and River Plate? There have been murders at games. Society must resolve it but there appears to be no will to do so. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE #BREAKING
Like the sentiment, and love the word 'cobblers' shall use it instead of bollocks- COBBLERS TO BREXIT
Posted...
As deluded as 's mathematics!
Still sorely missed. Intelligent &amp; ethical. Unlike so many today. #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
At the end of the Negotiation, Ken is a Tory, and what counts is power. He'll back it to stay in Power, its only the country that pays the price. An ugly #Brexit
Not my favourite person by any measure but probably the most obvious and logically correct explanation anyone has given.
Alternatively refusing to let people have a say on the real deal and insisting we have to obey a plebiscite on promises will lead to a decade of bitter division and endless obsession with Brexit
Always Until the ocean covers every mountain high Always Until the dolphin flies and parrots live at sea Always Until we dream of life and life becomes a dream
It seems to me the unstated deal was leave the EU but with all of the benefits of the EU and no downsides which was never going to happen. A hard Brexit seems like a massive disaster. The EU has no incentive to make a good deal with UK.
DUP may back Norway-style Brexit deal, says Arlene Foster
Your right and they told us that before we started the negotiations. We should have just told them we were leaving on WTO in March 19 and started preparations immediately. Then started negotiating a trade deal.
Theresa May says we have a good Brexit deal, one which delivers for the people of this country &amp; honours what we voted for. I am tall, devastatingly handsome, live in an orange castle &amp; have a jellyfish for a pet. I am over 6ft tall so my dream delivers more than her Brexit deal.
Delighted to hear that Brexit will bring an end to raise in the UK. (Can't believe you waited this long to leave!)
For #UKIP #Brexit seems a way to avoid immigrants welcomed by Europe, simply by not being part of Europe.This has been my view from the start. Thanks for articulating the problem.
There is no better deal then our current membership. Just cancel the fucking A50 and move on for gawd sake. The people are getting really tired by all Brexit shit.
All totally logical and valid points from . Thank you for being the voice of reason in tumultuous times.
Your quick summary of ongoing #Brexit court cases coming to a head... An interesting few weeks in store #StopBrexitNow
If we ever leave....not very likely with this current proposal...juncker can make pathetic statements like this, but in the EU camp, it is generally accepted the we will never leave..and he knows it!
Why would they ever renegotiate? gave them everything already. #RejectTheDeal #LetsCrashOut
Very interesting and modern
As PM publishes her Letter to the Nation tying to sell her wretched deal, Grassroots for Europe, representing pro EU groups across the UK, has handed letter to Donald Tusk asking him to keep open door to No Brexit
Didn’t you give an enormous amount of money to the #bettertogether campaign to help #ProjectFear to sway #indyref ? A tad disingenuous methinks
Priorities .....
As usual, the unelected Juncker is wrong. As a British citizen I would be deeply sad imagining the life of my grandchildren in a United States of Europe run by people they didn't elect and have absolutely zero influence over.
Sadness is barely enough to descrbe how I feel. Still after 2 years I am angry, frustrated and desolate at the thought of leaving the EU. The only consolation is the hope of personal associate membership. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Everyone should read this and take note this is how your MP should represent their constituents
If HOC inspects the teeth, of TM’s Gift Horse Brexit, they’ll find it a toothless, old hag. A watered down version of Britain’s bespoke membership, out of the Euro &amp; Schengen. The devil we know, is far, far better than, the devil we don’t know!
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
ive been seeing Patriots tweet (Brexit people) for weeks the talk has ALL been about sovereignty, thats what people are most upset about
a WTO agreement is NOT a No deal Brexit; it's just an agreement with some far more honourable people than those who run the EU
Whilst I think this is very important, I'm sure the brexshitters will switch to the GE 80% voted for brexit parties bullshit line.
OMG - This is big and not good news. Puts brexit in the shadows.
Can you imagine the state of the country now if the same Tory weapons grade psychological warfare machine that won the Brexit vote was given a Labour Brexit betrayal narrative to spin 24/7? Corbyns #Brexit strategy has virtually guaranteed us a #peoplesvote #SocialistSunday
I think the should support on this deal. It may not be the best but nobody can get better and she is justified in at least getting a start to this nasty political bombshell.
A a non random sample of 5 is worse than useless. Those who have made up their minds about Mrs May’s deal are overwhelmingly against it, by 63-37%
We too are 100 percent independent you dimwit!! Tell me your position in brexit??
Well, not quite, Manny.
The scale of lies and misinformation about the Iraq War laid the path for the likes of Trump and Brexit, in which hollow sentiment overrode facts (remember WMD?) Ironic that you and Blair ignored so many on the war march and now feel ignored yourselves.
Not sure how you got that but many leavers now want a 'WTO BREXIT' which is leave.
Ashley in the bottom two is a bigger shock vote than brexit. Are the public in this country really as thick as I give them credit for. #fb
You think May wants to remain? She's using Brexit to satisfy her rampant xenophobia....she wants Brexit as much as the ERG do.
Stop with this charade. Of course there will be no Brexit. These “negotiations” were always designed to achieve a totally unacceptable “deal” in order to convince enough people that we might as well stay a member.
John Major - John Major Brexit 37% support
More Brexit scare tactics! UK would run out of clean water within days of No Deal Brexit, Michael Gove believes
pub quiz questions be like “This week we closed on a brexit deal, but how many strands of hair does Theresa May have?”
Being tough when something is so patently bad for our country is not good. After 8 years of austerity and even more tough times if Brexit happens the UK will be going back to 1940s conditions.
# Dog's Brexit
No deal is WTO is quicker and cuts the EU out of any negotiations
Would it not have been better to not have returned in kind missed the higher ground there I would say. Anyway I do not follow either NI or ROI teams. #Think32 #Brexit
In a nutshell!...
If you were a cunning pro-Remain Tory, do you think you might sense a chance in a second ref, not only to consign Brexit to history, but also to leave Corbyn holding the baby as an avowedly pro-Brexit party leader? It seems fanciful, and yet in these chaotic times...
‘The country needs certainty’ these treasonous bastards are signing us up to the certainty of servitude #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
Oh dear! The DUP is locked in secret talks with Cabinet ministers over an EEA 'Plan B' Brexit plan This would mean signing up to the free movement of citizens from 31 other EEA countries via
Brexit, whilst looking as if it’ll really happen, still; may not. I’ll pass on the monkfish livers if you don’t mind, but also raising a glass to Europe, and always will.
No, I think she’s being serious. That’s the problem...
Could the death of the British car industry under a no deal Brexit have something to do with it?
I wouldn’t worry this is the same public that voted for Brexit #strictly #strictly2018 #ASHLEYROBERTS
I really wish they would stop asking Farage his opinion. His voice is of no importance to this country.
Nobody believes this fantasy spin by Labour. Negotiations are over and your solution is to keep us in the CU which means keeping free movement. That is NOT Brexit anymore than this half baked deal is.
Unbelievable WOW! FREEDOM IS GONE EVERYWHERE. THE PEOPLE VOTED TO LEAVE ALL THE WAY OUT, MAKE 1 DEAL AT A TIME. IM SORRY #Brexit #FreeAssange #FreeTommy #Freedom
I will argue against it until the day we remain in the EU. You do not speak for everyone in this country, don't say people are fed up with arguing about brexit. Fuck you führer may! It goes to show how screwed our political system is when a waste of oxygen like you can become PM.
Dear your letter is an insult to the intelligence of the nation. Your choice to reheat the lie that there will somehow be a Brexit dividend, that magically funds the NHS, is despicable. It’s a mess. You should go and there has to be a better-informed #PeoplesVote
We're watching this farce with disbelief. Never known politics to get so low. Has Philip Hammond caused this, Teresa May, or are they all complicit. Can anyone be trusted to deliver Brexit without sabotage from beginning to end. Is even the simplest process impossible ?.
This is very true, but come the next GE, the will live to regret not supporting on this.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
There is no left-wing case for Brexit: 21st century socialism requires transnational organization | British Politics and Policy at LSE
Brexit news latest: Theresa May says she'll 'fight with all her heart' to get deal through Parliament | London Evening Standard
Eoghan Harris: 'Boris and his Brexiteers are false friends of unionists' #Brexit
#Brexit a really simple guide. Thank fuck...because I'm too thick to know what I voted for first time around.
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
you might be bored of brexit , but your constituents voted 62% leave and an poll was 70% for you to reject it ... Do you serve your constituents ? or yourself ...
Don’t worry mate drank most of it, threw the rest of it at her, brexit means brexit
Would you explain to us what areas they have supremacy and will you tell us what legislation has come from the EU which has been detrimental to ORDINARY people, not on about the very rich who have the most to gain from Brexit.
Brexit LATEST: Angela Merkel’s allies issue GRAVE warning to UK ‘A HISTORIC MISTAKE’ | UK | News |
. , unbelievably uv topped with this rotten #BREXIT deal &amp; are now officially the #UK s WORST PRIME MINISTER EVER &amp; a disgrace to female leaders !!! #HARDBREXIT #Conservatives #Tories #politics
I don't often volunteer my opinion on Brexit. Even less often am I prompted to give it. But I have a piece on on #Brexit and the Europe of the English imagination, please give it a read &gt;
..but can we still be friends? #Brexit via
Yes, Corbyn is so bad, that the self-styled stop-Brexit party are polling at 8pc
Theresa May's Brexit deal is dead in the water – now what for Britain? via
This isn't looking good for #BrexitWillEatItself
She won’t though because if there’s no Brexit she won’t stay as PM. She’s prepared to put us thro’ this just to keep her job.
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Remainer ministers plot to get Theresa May to adopt a SOFTER plan B Brexit if her deal is torpedoed
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May-Reuters EU leaders finally sealed a Brexit deal on Sunday, saying the package agreed with Prime Minister Theresa May was the best Britain will get in a warning to the British parliament not to reject it.
has started #brexit Project Fear 2.0 stating that if there is s NO DEAL Collagen Expert Face Serum will be in short supply in UK, especially Lancashire. Here's the proof. #doctorwho has never looked better though...
Theresa May you crushed optimism in our country as soon as you became PM. You have put thousands into poverty, increased homeless , deported windrush, cut police force to allow kids to be stabbed on a daily basis , turned your back on refugees . You are a disgrace #Brexit
Wow, this country is in a mess. I can’t stand May, or Brexit, and when a GE eventually occurs sometime down the road, who the hell do I vote for? Search me. #Brexshit #PeoplesVote
I sincerely hope this is not true. If it is, then I #BackBoris #Brexit #animalwelfare #NoDeal
Shorter Russia: "Lemme wait until the European Union votes on Brexit, then I'm gonna throw hands"
Brexit and fuel costs force airline Flybe to put itself up for sale
#EU leaders approve #Brexit plan, setting up December vote in British Parliament, where it faces stiff opposition, rpts:
Brits worked in Europe prior to EU and will after #Brexit
How does it end?
Delighted to hear that Brexit will bring an end to rape in the UK. (Can't believe you waited this long to leave..)
Spain revives call for shared control over #Gibraltar after #Brexit
Per recent C4 poll. It was pretty in depth. No chance Brexit passes a second referendum.
I CAN THINK OF 62% OF REASONS WHY SCOTLAND WON'T BACK BREXIT #DissolveTheUnion #DissolveTheUnion #DissolveTheUnion
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor via
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
The most vocal brexiters who advocate leaving with no deal are the exact same ones who have been shown to wrong time and time again about brexit over the last two years. Why would anyone actually believe them this time?
You are very rude.
The more you examine T May since being H/S to PM the people she has put in key positions, unless your blind there is wrong doings, it needs to be investigated.
Dear - please tell him we aren’t all like the people you met today, we’re decent honourable people who want to Remain. #WeAreEuropean
Here are all the possible Brexit options and all the possible sequences. All you need to understand how fiendishly complex it can get.
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it DUP boss Arlene Foster warns Theresa May she could lose her job if she presses ahead with Brexit deal
I am waiting for the time when miraculously Oliver 'Sir Humphrey Appleby' Robbins gets his plum job in Brussels. It's inevitable !!
Rachel Shabi is criticising the Tories (rightly) for Brexit, but happy to apologise for Corbyn. Why? What sort of analysis is that?
Can we opt to become EU citizens? My family live in France and had no say in having their rights removed. My voice is ignored by a PM who insists that Brexit is "The will of the people" when 48% of us said otherwise and many more were not consulted. Brexit ça me fout le cafard.
Timely, as it looks like a proper Brexit deal party round at Andrew Neil's. Kim the life and soul as ever.
We are already hearing, even on Twitter, from Brexiteers who think we should take this deal ... and move on as the years go by because nothing is forever. But we'll see Tawse. Some Brexiteers are beginning to move away from the Leave with No Deal scenario. Could be wrong.
I would imagine only a minority of Brits really wanted a hard Brexit in which the UK just walks without any deal. The Leave vote just seemed like a fantasy. This is why I find the UK voters to be as bad as the politicians.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Fuck off Macron, yet another bastard dictating to the UK. Sick and tired of the government surrendering to them. In the long history of Parliament the MPs off all parties are now the worst ever
Jordan Peterson on Brexit and the Doom of the EU via
#Brexit: The prime minister is facing a fresh cabinet mutiny after “remain” ministers began secret talks behind her back to force her to adopt a new plan B for Brexit.
I’m genuinely sick to death of ‘Brexit.’ Listen, we let the country decide. That was the mistake. Racist Reg from Rotherham deciding on the country’s future instead of reasonably well informed and certainly well paid politicians. #thickosdecidingsebsfuture
This is quite a "coincidence" to start provoking Ucraine again... The man is giving a strong open message to the west, seems they are just too busy with Immigration Pact or Brexit until they realise too late that Putin owns North Europe and will never be satisfied
They're people who are British living in West Cork. The article sets out to ask British people in West Cork about Brexit, not people in West Cork generally. There's nothing wrong with being British. You don't have to stop being British in Ireland unless you choose to.
You made it into the German national news this evening! :-)
If you ungrateful cockchuffs are going to vote Ashley out you literally absolutely deserve Brexit &amp; a future of being forcefed liquid stool you planks #strictly
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal | Politics
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
...&amp; for the rest of the OT's in a post-Brexit world, we can offer....?
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
WTF come on...Lauren survives and Ashley is in the dance off? Is this #Brexit all over again..? Let's not account for talent...#mental
Sticking with Brexit, in defence of the Civil Service, Brexit was not deliverable and I expect they are more aware of how damaging it will be. Add to that that it is one thing delivering Brexit it is another addressing the causes of Brexit, Brexit does not address those
Tell that to the Sex Pistols...
I’m not actually assuming it would definitely be a remain outcome. I just feel the original referendum was full of lies that at least. Is the people know what Brexit will look like and if people choose that then fair enough.
It is not #Brexit. It's making us a slave state, to be milked for whatever other countries want. Not what my ancestors fought and died for.
Some politicians have no shame. Will use anything or anyone. #brexit #austerity #iraq #Blair
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
‘Brexit deal delivers’ says Theresa May in warning shot to MPs threatening to reject it:
Brexit: what next?
This is so apposite. Please read and compare to "Sovereignty" Brexit.
The only options will be No deal or Remain. May screwed up the deal by putting down unrealistic red lines. She eliminated soft Brexit from the start and went for hard boiled Brexit that will smart all but the wealthiest in the country. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
We know the public can’t be trusted to vote
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
The facts are this situation has gone beyond #Brexit. Our PM has lied repeatedly and turned this into something bigger by irresponsibly agreeing to sign away sovereignty of the United Kingdom. These are the facts Sir.
Important thread this. Bloody heck, centrists need to have a check of this because Tony Blair does not come off well out of it.
Senior ministers are also in private discussions with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to draw up an alternative Brexit blueprint in the event that her deal is voted down by parliament.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
OK... been trying to think how to word this but after reading May’s Brexit agreement tweet, surely only letting immigrants in who have a skill is worse than before because well paid jobs will be given a massive competition rather than low skilled jobs?
BBC Scotland reporter claims fishing access not part of any Brexit agreement, despite official document text indicating otherwise
The Fish bit in Brexit:the Movie to see what Macron wants to continue with Theresa's willing help.
No-deal Brexit could lead to clean drinking water shortage
My my my. I thought I’d been shocked so much I’d never be shocked again. But people blaming Labour for Brexit, and blaming Labour for a Tory PM putting an EU referendum in their manifesto and then legislating it when Labour did not, is absolute madness.
No Brexit please #PeoplesVote
"get on with brexit"
So so true and so sad we have relations in England who want to leave the EU I cannot understand why
Miranda c’mon. You’re supporting the comments of Yvette Cooper who has contributed next to nothing to the media #brexit debate. As with Labour anti-semitism, she bunkers down until the all clear to take cheap shots. Zero integrity. Zero credibility. You’re better than that.
Dear Mrs May, Understand this: Plead all you like, I WILL NEVER SUPPORT ANY FORM OF BREXIT. It hurts our country. Never!
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
At least it will be clearly explained
Brexit makes me cry.
‘Throwing away the burger and eating the napkin!’
get her out
I want an Exit from Brexit. If you do too, add your name and join the campaign today: #ExitFromBrexit via
This is perfect. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #TheresaMay
Hi Conor, I’m trying to find the Brexiteer who’s going to take responsibility for the economic disaster that will follow a no deal, is it you? I only ask cos I want to know who I can shout at when I lose my job, my pension is worthless and my financial security is gone. #brexit
Brexit bingo: #Vassalstate #willofthepeople #takebackcontol #implementationperiod
The #BrexitWillNotHappen since 1) the Agreement is de facto a disguised agreement to stay in the EU 2) this Agreement will be rejected by the UK parliament 3) this Agreement is the EU’s last proposal, although you can never believe idiots such as #Juncker and #DonaldTusk. #brexit
EU political leaders sign off on Britain's Withdrawal Agreement via #Brexit
He was a bad Prime Minister for Gibraltar but on this, he is absolutely right and it is undoubtedly in Gibraltar’s best interests #PeoplesVote
who is this gobby yank Tom who is telling us that we need to resolve the Brexit issue via a referendum with only TM's hopeless Brexit deal or Remain on the ballot paper? It wud leave Brexiteers who don't like her deal nothing to vote for. How would that be democracy at work?
“This is a leadership of charlatans and chancers. At the time, they asked none of the key questions. That was left to us. Whatever the eventual judgment, the political implications are already clear...."
Theresa May to sign Brexit deal with EU leaders as her Cabinet plot to rip up her agreement
I wonder if there a link with lfc supporters who slag own players off constantly and people who voted for brexit. I'm convinced there is
She has surrounded herself with Remainers and has done nothing the quell the anti-Brexit movement, which has been receiving £ millions
Joseph Guthrie delivers a scathing response to Theresa May’s open letter on the Brexit deal
How does he think they’ll get 45% as #brexit party? Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Face it brexiters however much you scream betrayal or threaten civil unrest or even civil war the government is far more afraid of the consequences no deal #Brexit than it is of your threats so we are leaving in name only if we leave at all
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Indeed. If we end up with a GE then outcome with the Gods. But let's be clear, Corbyn will not get the benefit of the doubt from many voters re Brexit position next time.
Lawson and Lilley leaders of Brexit. I might be stupid. But not stupid enough to believe that.
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
To all the DUPers out there. What is your plan now? Do you have one or just making it up as you go along until someone offers you money.
Rod Bishop ... I'm gradually beginning to think this way ! Why on earth are we bothering with all this ?? There do not seem to be many, if any upsides to this venture, feels a little like deliberately shooting yourself in the foot ! Why Bother ?? what am i missing
Security: It's in both the UK's &amp; EU's interests to work together, most closely - Should be no #brexit divorce of cooperation here.
brexit us doomed you are Really doomed..the tories are doomed we are all doomed thanks PM
So bored with politicians and Brexit deal reporting , thank heavens for entertainment #StrictlyComeDancing
The blokes a cretin
And Caroline, these are the Brexit pledges, of which virtually none have a chance of being honoured. It follows that MPs have absolutely no obligation to honour the referendum result.
Look to Russia they will try and take another country while we concentrateon Brexit ,beware
The bottom fell out of the Brexit vote when May walked into Downing Street. We should have left and negotiated from that position.
BBC News: EU leaders agree UK’s Brexit deal at Brussels summit
As one of my favourite much-missed MPs, is there a way to save the world? I don't mind Scotland going inde if we outside it can still go there, but all this Brexit stuff is creating new borders everywhere with visas and restrictions. I don't know what can be done
BBC News: EU leaders agree UK’s Brexit deal at Brussels summit
I disagree,the first referendum people did not know what they are voting on. Second referendum,people would be votingon a final written,detailed &amp; clear agreement. So a Third vote would be held on what?
Sounds of knitting being ripped from #ButeHouse cries of "ye bad big besom..." wafting through the foggy murk of #Brexit something this way brews.
My take might be predictable, but I think the Sharia agitations were definitely an expression of class politics, only one articulated in right wing populist terms (as, for instance, was Brexit).
Freddy thinks brexit is a dumb idea badly implemented.
Would it be improper to wish to see an old fashioned duel - Oxford rules for RM, the reducer for Dennis for control of the post Brexit Hampshire wastelands?
No, of course she isn’t right, and no, of course Brexit will not unite Britain. You simply cannot trust a word she says. She is a disastrous PM.
England voted for the brexit so now what about respecting democracy?
Why are UK Brexiteers so keen to make their fellow citizens poorer and the country smaller. We are now seeing the Brexit truth. Please lets stop.
How entirely predictable. Obvious to everyone. Except May.
Brexit: A tale of three cities that will decide Wales’ place in Europe –
‘#TheresaMay’s #Brexit deal is already doomed.....The worst news that May has ever had to confront is that the past two-and-a-half years were the easy bit.’ #BrexitShambles
Excellent thread regarding immigration hostility. Clearly NOT a far-right exclusive issue. The fringes of the political spectrum's have more in common than they wish to admit.
Wrong. There are a few nutters, but that's always the case. Most are gammons who huff &amp; puff. This is NOTHING in comparison to the Brexit wake of austerity &amp; more cuts that you're promoting over a few idiots
Rich of them, given these people in the brexit campaign are carrying out a nazi-like campaign to deport all the people who have laid down roots here, simply because they aren't of British descent. And by British I mean English descent.
They won't be able to rely on UK infrastucture post brexit. It won't be able to cope with abrupt out of SM/CU changes...all will become gridlocked....Holyhead not geologically possible to expand. Celine will help
Blair is indeed legendary - for taking us into a bad war on the basis of spin and deception. We don't need his greasy politics to tell us #peoplesvote is better than bad deals or fantasy of jobs first Brexit
How about in 3 seconds instead? Pile of shit. #PeoplesVoteNow
IF there's another #Brexit referendum i didn't vote leave or remain last time but now i'd vote leave, that's what happens when you target the YouTube community n there's no going back either on this, unless they suddenly procure at least 2,000 GBP to each one.
I asked my friend if she knew if the Brexit-deal has gone through. She looked at me, confused, and asked me why we need a breakfast-deal. Yes it's been a long day preparing budgets and strategies for
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal
Now you've read Theresa May's letter to the nation, how would you cast your single transferable vote on the four Brexit options?
You made it onto the German national news this evening! :-)
25 Apr 2018 – Amber Rudd admits she “should have realised sooner” Windrush was systemic problem – Politics live
Teresa &amp; Phillip May chilling out between Brexit negotiations by seeing
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
An odd week. ERG humiliated, yet May still looks exposed. Tory Remainers back Brexit deal, while Brexiteers block it. The choice set narrows, yet many MPs pontificate without making a choice. SNP float Norway, but no legs. And still Corbyn blocking momentum for People’s Vote...
Delusion Central at it again. Job first (she thinks - &amp; it'll come back to bite her) People last. #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
"Tony Blair says Brexit is a choice between 'painful and pointless'"
Ashley's in the dance off. I'm more confused that Stacey and Kevin know their musical but Lauren and AJ didn't? Presumably didn't expect her to survive another week!? NEVRR underestimate the public vote - policiticians did and we got Brexit #Strictly #strictly2018
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
“This is a leadership of charlatans and chancers. At the time, they asked none of the key questions. That was left to us. Whatever the eventual judgment, the political implications are already clear. A devastating indictment of… our political system itself.”
"May's Brexit may be: EU leaders endorse the contentious deal at emergency summit"
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
Barnier’s plan all along? Brexit negotiator to make bid to REPLACE Juncker, Eurocrats say
Ya know, there is no such thing as left vs right, that was a media magnates construct designed to keep stupid people manipulated.... Who is your boss again? #Brexit
Let's hope the British Parliament reject this Brexit in name only agreement.
It will take a few more weeks, but I suspect we’ll see a growing number of Leavers who will call for a Peoples Vote once it becomes clear their hope for a No Deal Brexit isn’t going to happen
The publics cognitive awareness are as confused as hedgehogs over Brexit
Not yet. The UK is still in the EU. The fight to keep the UK in the EU isn't over until it's over.
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
I find Brexit very inspiring It's time to sit back and watch the Brexitanic sink back to the Weimarer Republic... Just saying or the DDR, wee poor, insular isolated England Bye Tschüss Time to #DissolvetheUnion
Millions in Iraq, due to a war based on complete lies, had their lives made final. #WarCriminal #YouAreNotRelevant
Well fuck off their then you traitor twats.
#Brexit withdrawal agreement endorsed.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
The ERG plan for Brexit in full: (via )
Andrew sorry to bother you ' But as a long term Tory I must express my concern brexit Deal Itfailed toensure our toeaving the EU I ust ask you to vote against The Brexit DEal It ensures UK Taxpayers Money is used in theEUiinstead of for UK Services
I keep looking at this and thinking more and more about it...what a sad day for #democracy #brexit #gibraltar
You know what’s really cool ? When Scotland does become independent, history will show that utter knobheads like yourself were the ones that expedited it through your manipulative lies and sycophants bullshit. Fuck Brexit.
#brexit #deal green light
Two years of treading quicksand fighting the patsies while the puppet masters continue unmolested. Hint: #Trump and #Brexit are the patsies. #MuellerTime will not save you. #PeoplesVote will not save you. #Resistance will not save you. #Remain will not save you.
#Brexit on a French claim to fish in UK territorial waters: “I can’t imagine that or her supporters' desire is to stay for the long-term in a customs union". #BackStopBullyingAlready ?
People’s vote Jeremy , either that or just cancel Brexit, only choices that avoid the destruction of our economy and all the suffering that will entail.
#lastVote of #Westminster #Labour #tory #greens #Libdems #MPs fighting for their existence &amp; the know it They will not be needed in the Republic of the British isles #WeThePeople are sovereign Long live the republic. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #UK #BrexitDeal #brexitInsurgency
Quite right. For some reason I read that as Deal vs no deal brexit.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
So busy living your life,you seem to find lots of time for twitter/brexit?
#Brexit Deal: $GBP and $EUR opening higher but don't worry not much gap which could mean things are about to get messy for them, give it time... trade safely.
#THUS #SAITH THE #LORD #GOD UNTO #THEE THAT IN AS FAR AS #BREXIT IS #CONCERNED THE #PATH AND #COURSE OF IT HATH #BEEN AS IT WERE BY #ME SET IN #STONE AS IS THE #COURSE AND #PATH OF THE #LEADER OF THE #GOVERNMENT OF THE #UNITED #KINGDOM
He gets the blame for everything else so why not Brexit
Is this so she can sign #UN migrant pact on Dec 11th? Say NO to UN migrant compact which gives migrants human rights over &amp; above ours. &amp; MUST NOT sign..
Not a chance, sorry. They are working against the best interests of Scotland and enabling Brexit.
I'm not sad. I'm fecking livid.
What Brexit means for the Irish construction industry? #brexit #construction #ireland #eu #trades #labour #housing
It would probably help if you stopped watching and believing the anti Brexit propaganda spewed out by the biased media!
“Brexit fury builds up”
there is not one of you who could produce any evidence that the tory Brexit deal will be a disaster for the UK so just vote it through parliament and shut the f##k up
This is a serious point about a very serious situation. How many Brexiters give any thoughts to the increased dangers to our security by Brexit??
So you are content to live in a region of the UK (NI) that requires a yearly bailout of £9 billion + just to about keep it going. Would it not be better to break the cycle and build a better stronger future for our children. #Think32 #Brexit
“Brexit fury builds up”
Arise, Sir John: knighted Tory MP still won't back May's deal
Oh yeah I was watching the UK news the other day and they were talking about Brexit and one of the commentators being interviewed said the uk would 'turn into a colony of the EU'. Yeah fuck colonialism is suddenly pretty bad when it might happen to you aye
THERESA MAY’s BREXIT PLAN B;“WAR WITH RUSSIA” as today UK Forces hit Russia in #Ukraine &amp; #Syria. #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews #labour #tories #trump #toryparty #ukip
More Brexit logic
Brexit bedlam consolidates support for EU and euro in Republic via
No deal is the only true Brexit.
Love it when Leavers talk about the political elite. Since when has Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson been a man of the people!! This deal is awful but probably the best possible...the least damaging version of Brexit!
If you’re an Engineer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Best bloody hard Brexit deal possible. We could have had free movement. We could have had single market. Nobody voted for this. No mandate. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
also said; “Brexit means Brexit” &amp; “No deal is better than a bad deal” So what does PM May try to force upon us; A bad deal &amp; Brexit in name only. #NoDealBrexit
. Why are you supporting the break up and preparation of the NHS for a sell off to the US under ACOs/ICSs (choose your acronym)? I still recall your “debate” in the Select Committee with when you showed your true colours. You fooled nobody.
The article!
If the #UK can decide unilaterally to leave the #EU then surely it could also unilaterally leave a backstop agreement? We’d just end up with the same Hard Brexit the extreme Brexiteers want, only after at least trying to find a better settlement first? Am I wrong? #brexit #remain
All this #brexit hysteria has made people lose sight of things that really matter!
Utter rubbish. She has surrendered on every deal. And this is not the brexit we voted for. Leave the EU is what 17.4 million people voted for. So to the people Yes she is a traitor
thread. thread. THREAD looking at you, Clintonians.
Can't even invent new lies, just recycles the old ones. The closest to green the PM is likely to get. :-)
From sublime to ridiculous!
undemocratic EU backed Mirror group took over and that's why those two papers now sprout the Globalist Cartel anti-UK line it seems.
250617 In trying to *disrupt* your message, when you ask “Why don’t you put it to a referendum?” meaning *#UKGov*, Boulton thinks you mean *him*; “I’m not in charge of the country”. It’s Freudian. It’s personal. It’s a #BrexitCoup;
........and that was the past........history.........finished!
This deal will not stand. As an Englishman Ill decide when I get bored of talking about Brexit. You are a disgrace and you have lost my vote forever. I voted to leave and this is not leaving. The worst PM ever.
And that 'brexit' weakens Europe's western flank.
The flat earth society are trying to convince us of the absurd. BBC News - Brexit: DUP to meet NI business groups over deal
This arrogant prick will never be a British citizen. And very soon I shall not have the hated EU citizenship forced upon me any longer! #BrexitMeansDemocracy
KJV sometimes wonder if you have a clue what you are talking about, do not wish to be rude to you but I sometimes wonder if you think things through
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May’s Brexit deal – cartoon
This just shows the people should be allowed to vote on Brexit , they’ve obviously learnt to vote properly finally ! #Strictly Good work guys!
Why can’t the Labour Party fight its dangerous leader? Does none of you have a voice?
If you are fed up with hearing the word Brexit, be prepared for being even more fed up with the word Backstop, because it won’t stop there is no end!!!!
Exactly! Those Brexit elite liars in the establishment shouldn’t get away with criminal activity. We need #InformedConsent in a #PeoplesVote #DealorStay
Tune in tomorrow in the 6am hour (!!) to with for discussion of the latest... troops on border, Saudi assassinations, Brexit, etc.
For anyone that thinks Brexit is a done deal.. it isn't ..not even remotely For any MPs who think they can continue to be misinformed, or cowards or crooks... you can't. Democracy depends on demolishing the fascist and 'Libertarian' control of our pathetic Government
Is this so she can sign #UN migrant pact on Dec 11th? Say NO to UN migrant compact which gives migrants human rights over &amp; above ours. &amp; MUST NOT sign..
You’d better get asking the 17,410.000, hadn’t you.
Makes sense.
Human Osmosis may have been the problem, once the Berlin wall fell. Honey money is an attraction to all. UK oozed with it. #Brexit #Newsnight #bbcpapers
Hopefully parliament rejects her fake Brexit and we can leave on WTO terms, exactly what 17.4 million people voted for in the first place.
It's like the current #brexit plan. It suits nobody.
Hahaha Asked how you stop hard brexit .. You didn't answer Answer is YOU CAN'T. You said nobody wants it - that's total rubbish. You're about to be found out.
#EUCO EU Brexit summit
you really are a stupid politician. To insult those that voted for brexit as europhobes and clowns is totally irresponsible and insulting. The great majority knew what they were voting for and 100% dont want to be governed by jokers like you. 1)
In case you've published this bullshit book, could you explain why you have to insult countries that way? Victorian times are gone but not in many of you. Thanks in advance.
The people are already crushed by the Cons. A Disastrous Brexit and Austerity has divided us, made us poorer and an unhappy UK needs a boost not the destructive force that is Brexit. We deserve better leadership.
She loves a lie
Why not the leader of Her Majesty’s Loyal Opposition ?
This is far worse. There is a war brewing. Brexit is another crucial signpost. People of the UK and Europe will be the victims while politicians and capitalistic barons are already plotting their exit strategy now. The mess will be left to the people...
Self deceptive Brexit has lured us all into the wreckage. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
This is her real agenda
Soon to be former Labour MP Caroline Flint tweets her support for Theresa May’s Brexit deal. The bit about siding with Johnson and Rees-Mogg is particularly rich considering her voting record
So sick of Brexit whilst everything else is going to hell in a handcart! So sick of idiots prattling on about the future - WHAT Future if we do not sort out the Devastation caused by Tories in last 8 years! Best brexit deal in the world will not even touch that. #JC4PM
Russia sending a message while EU leaders thought they came together just to "solve" the Brexit issue.
The British public don,t give a dam any more...it never interested them in the first place.. NOBODY really understood or cared about the consequences for the UK ahead..but You have made your bed.. now lie in it ..
She wants to be known as the architect of brexit - she ain’t solve anything but will claim she got a deal and try to get into history books - she will be remembered right there with Fawkes, Quisling, Blair and other traitors - how I wish the tower was functioning
Parliament Laugh: May didn't expect this reaction when giving her Brexit... via UK trying to stop the Brexit
Says *checks notes* JK actual Rowling
#Brexit: Spain was facing a diplomatic backlash in Brussels on Sunday over its last minute threat to sabotage the Brexit deal over Gibraltar.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is a ‘disaster’: Nile Gardiner via
I have never heard more tosh! Stop it now! Just because your editor is against Brexit doesn’t mean stuff like this is true!
The people of Gibraltar knew that. They voted almost 100% against Brexit
Oh look there’s Macron well being Macron again
It’s time the Senior team stood up and are truly counted,this so called agreement surely can’t be tolerated please get to grips and show some metal
Gosh! Someone in the Leave camp fiddling figures!? Unheard of!!
Erm (Um, in #America)...Hell NO!! #UK . need to grow a hardened spine, &amp; stand up to these #NWO #FAKE Establishment #EU cronies!! #Britain has already SPOKEN!!! The VOTES ARE IN!! . must GO! No Compromise! #MakeBritainGreatAgain #Brexit #Sovereignty
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent -
‘Sigh’, this is not what we voted for, it’s not Brexit. I’d a form of colony. Deeply depressing. The will be destroyed at the next election.
“Do things that Jeremy Corbyn won’t do” ... what, like oppose Brexit you mean!
Holyhead on Brexit: ‘My nan wanted to make Britain great again’
How much better they are at discourse than our political pygmies from their expensive schools.
A brain /dump on the current (Sorry) state of UK politics. We currently have the most inept Govt. and opposition in living memory. Policies: Other than Brexit the recent policies of the Tory govt have been cruel, harmful and divisive. However the alternative is not much better
Brexit has been the ultimate distraction. The root cause of UK societies issues have been ignored, the same root causes that led to brexit in the first place. However the policies of this govt have not been positive at all they have targeted the most vulnerable.
Each eu country will probably try something! The Dutch &amp; Danish are also on about the fishing &amp; Spain are whining about Gibraltar! A deal isn't possible under these conditions! #Brexit #remoaners #moggmentum #BrexitBetrayal #nodealbrexit #wtobrexit
THERESA MAY’s BREXIT PLAN B; “WAR WITH RUSSIA” as today UK Forces hit #Russia in #Ukraine &amp; #Syria. #conservatives #ukparliament #christians #qanon #bbcswitchoff #msm #globalists #brexitchaos #altnews #realnews #bbcpapers
THREAD
#Strictly fast becoming a metaphor for Brexit: unexpected results, experts being booed for giving their considered opinions &amp; plenty of Twitter activity to boot!
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
I sure will. Love it when you are there.
Leaving the EU but remaining in the EEA ('Norway'-style) would be softer than what May is proposing. She won't do it, because the key goal of Brexit is to keep out foreigners, and that isn't possible under an EEA arrangement. Corbyn is just an opportunist and is full of shit.
The latest Go-Pass (UK) Driver Training Daily! Thanks to #brexit #essex
BIN THIS BREXIT! DUP tells Theresa May to scrap deal in eleventh hour intervention
Brexit meand brexit
European Union diplomats were left furious after Madrid’s eleventh-hour grandstanding, branding the Spanish behaviour “outrageous” for risking today’s Brexit summit being cancelled.
It was a mission to get Britons punished for voting brexit, the deal is designed so bad that remaining in EU is more suitable.
Experts like Tony Blair have been speaking crap about Europe for decades. He’s just another blinkered europhile who can’t accept one size doesn’t fit all. #marr #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
Will I get made a baroness if I stop tweeting about Brexit and her dreadful deal?
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat, The Guardian
She's got to be emotionally stunted not to feel something. She knows how much we all lose in this pitiful deal. And she doesn't care. 'I’m not sad about leaving EU, Theresa May tells emotional European leaders'
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
No to the deal, no to staying in the EU, no to a referendum and yes to a clean full brexit on wto or non wto rules
Go watch &amp; BBCQT. One pro Brexit guest on panel to 4 pro Remain. Almost every week. Same bias. Go do the maths
Are the members in line with the leadership?
Old statistics don't mean anything. Look at Brexit and Trump, no poll saw it coming, when people are fed up that's it.
No, if a vote took place it should be for this shit storm of a "deal" or no deal Brexit. A vote has already taken place that voted in favour of Brexit, what is it these people don't understand about a democratic vote? How are these morons even in Politics?
I wish I had an MP who has read about it, thought about it, and finally made a decision based on behalf of constituents instead of self interest.
My position on Brexit is on my wall I owe you nothing. Go fix your eyebrows I like speaking to academic interesting people
It’s what always happens when bullies act like bullies .... they’ll keep coming back for more especially when so much has been offered with no fight in the first place. The UK will leave on WTO terms now or the country will be bankrupted by the EU.
True?
Yes ok
And of course Corbyn is offering more #Brexit, an important part of his class act.
You can have as many referendums as you like, it doesn’t make a difference to the EU. The EU is not a democracy. The Greeks had five different votes and the EU ignored them all! #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Tories initiated, deployed, and are entirely responsible for Brexit. Not Labour, not Corbyn Tories with the DUP have an overall majority. Labour cannot outvote them. Stop letting the real culprits off the hook, just because you have an obsessive hatred of an opposition leader.
Corbyn’s EU SNUB: Labour leader rejects Brussels pleas and pledges to BLOCK Brexit
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
Can't thank him enough. He's such an asset to #Brexit.
Her next comment will be ,its not Week Kneed just Arthritis !
Larry sees through the Euromania to the harsh reality of the EU’s economic policies and dire future prospects..
Hello, all Brexit brains had no plan!!! They ran off on a Unicorn perhaps
Not yet.
As #Brexit continues to reveal the cracks in the #UK, and #France &amp; #Germany struggle with a rising far right. The #EU seems at its most fragile and now again we turn to the east as #Russia grows in confidence. With the #US seemingly MIA is #NATO a strong enough deterrent?
for once a good interview on Marr
Sunday night dinner is: - Dad calling Theresa May a Heron - Saying that May is the top bit of shit above the toilet water. - Questioning why mum even mentioned brexit?!
Rollicking &amp; spluttering &amp; frightening the dog laughing hysterically I love the blessed relief of so much truth &amp; hilarity in one clever article, #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit #marr #lbc #skypapers #BBCNews #skynews #5live #c4news #BBCWorld #radio4 #bbcaq #bbcqt
That is exactly what we want. Shove your EU deal, we'll go out without it. We're confident that we can cope, apart from a few limp wrists. On the other hand you can deal on your side with our departure
Too dam right...
David Mundell conceding that fishing access and quotas are indeed part of the Brexit agreement. Fishing has *not* been uncoupled as he and the rest of Ruth's thirteen MPs specifically demanded.
If Brexit happens and the UK enters negotiations for a deal with the US, you will understand what it’s like to be steamrolled by a superpower. Until then there’s this little thing called a veto.
There is no more sickening Brexit argument than the one that says the people of this country should be stripped of their rights without the protection of an electoral process, while bigots should be allowed to defend their right to be bigots with the threat of violence.
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
If the %s are correct then clearly a second or #PeoplesLetter needs to be sent out immediately since the first letter was clearly badly worded or not understood or wilfully misinterpreted by uneducated xenophobic left behind northerners. #brexit #TheresaMay
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
He's bloody right too.
I’d love to say it’s just Brexit that riles us up like this but me and brother have always had screaming arguments about politics and philosophy
I knew it. Give us a deal so bad it has to be rejected. Then offer a vote on her deal or staying in. And there you have it democracy and brexit in the bin
Peace can find an end. #Frieden #EU
Now I see how the BBC keeps finding "business leaders" that support Brexit but aren't drunk or looking for cheap manufacturing without workers' rights. They're arms dealers.
Theresa May refuses to say if her Brexit deal is better than remaining in the EU
Labour is a socialist party, now having a socialist leader, I suspect you have never been one. Brexit has little to do with Corbyn, he argued for remain which you conveniently bypass. I'm sick &amp; tired of hearing from wingers like yourself, who live in a comfortable bubble #corbyn
The deal won’t be passed by parliament and parliament won’t accept no deal either. We are headed for either a referendum or a GE with a hung parliament or lab majority and a ref shortly after. And we can finally end Brexit for good!
In Sadness, EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal
CNN 11:52am EU ENDORSES BRITAIN'S DEAL TO DIVORCE FROM EUROPE. . Sets up contentious Brexit vote in the UK parliament to approve...
European Union Leaders Approve Brexit Plan : NPR
Well, in the scenario we're talking about the Tories will be having an internal war about which wing is 'betraying Brexit' anyway. Lab's best stance would be to say: by contrast, we're the competent, consensual ones - not we're the ones who in this crisis won't say what we'd do
This is even worse than Brexit.
OVER A BARREL: Macron Says Britain Will BE FORCED Into Backstop Over French Access To Britain Waters via
Convinced this has been her real agenda all along.
wonderful... yes the british public where do we start!!
Black Friday and Cyber Monday on steroids.
"And then you realise it’s got nothing to do with the parliament. It’s just for his social media output. " Gaat over Farrage, maar kan net zo goed voor ons Thierry gelden.
Funny that #DrunkerJuncker recognises the absolute disaster of #Brexit for the UK but our own PM believes it is the start of something wonderful. As usual, I despair.
We live in strange times!
Theresa May's Pitch On Brexit Is Clear
You are voting for NO DEAL. That is a hard Brexit. Do you think it is our best option Dawn?
Theresa May's Pitch On Brexit Is Clear
I pray to see this for the UK!
Whilst lots of eyes on #Brexit this escalation between Russia and Ukraine is deeply concening.
One day people will sit back and laugh about brexit. It is consuming so much effort politically and economically. All for what?
Well, that worked out well for us all, didn't it? At least he has a stable and strong garden shed to enjoy. #brexit
With EVERY breath in my body, with EVERY fibre of my being, I OPPOSE YOU. 40 reasons to back the Brexit deal
Think about that. Dickhead Brexiteers.
#BackTheBrexitDeal She knows it's how you feel, Theresa May, Will have YOUR say, And you'll get no appeal. #HostileToriesOutNow #Brexit #toriesdontcare #SocialistSunday #GTTO
From CNN: EU backs Brexit deal, sending Theresa May to hostile UK Parliament
THINK. After brexit how can the govt stop EVERYONE coming here? They can't, logisically impossible, they have not even prepared for it. All resources will go towards getting food &amp; meds in before they spoil &amp; getting exports out. Weeks After exiting the EU it is open door.
If TM deal is voted out by christ it will be difficult to stop A50 which is now entwined in EU law...no deal #Brexit is still looking good
So Brexit - how did anyone think Europe would give us a decent deal? How does anyone think if we had another vote that would change things? It doesn't matter who was in charge; what party; what type of Brexit etc; we would get no concessions.#Brexit #BrexitDeal
British people aren't stupid, the EU is desperate for a deal. #Brexit means #Brexit. EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Madam I admire your strenght.I also trust you that after Brexit you will build an extraordinary Great&amp;prosperous United Kingdom,where British people&amp; EU nationals as well as everybody else will live in unity,mutual support ,bountiful life&amp;respect to eachother
I think these people are on the side of "big business is lazy" and "business just wants the status quo" They just denigrate any opinion that isn't Scorched Earth Brexit. Either that or they're sadly misinformed.
From CNN: EU backs Brexit deal, sending Theresa May to hostile UK Parliament
Oh,how lovely.I was getting so tired of Brexit.
The sequencing of this is bizarre. Why are EU leaders signing off a deal that has no chance of getting through the Commons? An exercise in futility. #EUCO #Brexit
Man alive. The far right resurgence and civil unrest is a given now whatever happens. MPs should be voting on national economic interest, not on appeasement. Grow a pair, (as it were) #Brexit
Lying Soubry didn't answer. She would sell her soul to stop Brexit. She would throw May under the bus in a heart beat. We all know. She's completely barking mad.
Depressing. As if we needed it.
Seeing Boris looking ever more like a scarecrow at the DUP conference made me imagine a Brexit version of the Wizard of Oz. There are some variations but for me the main characters are obvious. 1/
You do a lot of tweets against Brexit for a (so-called) impartial news presenter.
You can't Ryhan. Brexit .. Remember. Your stuck with shitty doctor who.
Forgetting NATO
Clean Brexit to headline Glastonbury Saturday night in the Adrian John Tent
Madness of Brexit.
I only need ONE reason not to back it .....IT'S NOT BREXIT ....it's really that simple
The country needs Brexit, not a faux fake deal that changes nothing. A reminder, Javid relaxed immigration rules for non EU migrants and non EU countries in the summer.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
#bcpoli Wow Roy -- really switching to the wacko side of the right wing --UKIP , The Switzerland party -- when are you going to call out Rebel media --they are part of the right wing fringe movement - BREXIT was a Fake NEWS thing=Cambridge Analytica
Brexit summit: European Union tells the United Kingdom that this is the 'only deal possible'.
Anybody who thinks this deal is even remotely acceptable either hasn't read it, or has read it and doesn't understand it. Here's the best criticism of it from somebody who actually DOES understand it.
The amazing needs to be listened to by And Time to revoke the consequences of the referendum until a full investigation is carried out
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
We’re not sad. We’re furious.
I think you UKIP Brexit people are living on another planet. EU 27 Leaders just like ours want civilized social democracy with strong economies driven by healthy private sector. You should stop watching US disaster movies
#Brexit letter from the PM asking us to support #BrexitDeal.
The people have voted. There´s no sense in having another vote. The losers will always cry "foul" over something. Brexit will move on.
What Brexit sell out you mean.
UDI? Because there’s no way the Tories will allow an Indref2. Also, a request now will fire up English nationalism (aided by the Tories, fellow travellers and media) and that will have a direct, pro-Brexit impact on a People’s Vote if it happens. Time for very cool heads.
The only positive of Brexit for the EU is that it has shown how precious membership is. I am glad of that for the sake of the EU. So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Disappointing, but understandable. No-deal is so lethal it will actually cost lives - this deal at least avoids that. If there were a more robust opposition to Brexit then he might risk going against it. In the absence of that opposition he has very little choice.
Second time I've actually laughed out loud today amidst this day of trechery. Best tweeter in recent times . So funny , and so true.
Me too. So depressed and angry ....
There is another possibility which I outline at - any a second vote would surely have a debate where reasoned arguments such as yours will have more sway. Six months of high intensity debate before may lance the Brexit boil and avoid your boredom.
I agree. I am deeply saddened for my children. But time will show this to be a national mistake. And we will re-enter the EU.
EU is far from perfect but it's better than Brexit. And if we actually tried to work with our near neighbours we could achieve a better future for us all. #StandTogether #StandUp2Brexit #FinalSay #MoreInCommon #RemainReform
This lads in his 30s aswel, I hope he gets deported after brexit
Can't wait to shit myself to death due to dysentery all for a blue passport.
You said it, "we have no idea how brexit will work". So, a stab in the dark then.
Sack the Brexit deal
Theresa May to revive THIS Brexit deal if MPs vote down plan, Lord Lilley says
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
I think you might wait a long time for a coherent answer, might be easier to look up how much JRM stands to gain from Brexit....
You do not know what you speak of. The reasons for Brexit are very much tied up with the rise of Corbyn and the failure of the status quo. He speaks for millions. Says, without having to think, what they think. To realise that is to understand. You plainly do not.
She's left us here...
And you will be selling out the United Kingdom &amp; it's people. Full enquiry now please on this stitch up. #ConservativesAreFinished
No chance whatsoever. Brexit is a turd of a thing. Time to flush it away.
Ok. If you say so
Wait so Theresa May gave how much only to be voted against at the end???? Someone needs to tell the shlag her time is done
You have seen the Brexit deal now rather than the impossible dream. What do you think you won? What will be better in your life that makes it worth losing ours and our children’s rights, freedoms and tangible benefits we get in the EU?
Don't you get the feeling that you would really like to ask them 10 relevant Brexit questions ... and publish their answers?
Very good.
Getting sign-off from the #EU27 was the easy part for the prime minister. This is a bad deal because Brexit itself is a folly Theresa May’s hard-won deal is done at last; yet its undoing is all but taken for granted. Even as EU leaders gathered ... #EUpol
Neither will the old. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
The only thing add back Theresa May in to is a Corner let alone her Brexit deal.
When I was told by some one in media, "Drugs will be more expensive if we #BrExit", a few years ago, I was seeing through the eu! The contemptuous few who benefit by exploiting the masses of UK people to satiate eu dictators means longterm (#Royal) choice is #LeaveEU. #VoteLeave
It's about time Boris stood up for the 17.5 million people who believed he would help deliver brexit
‘Gang of five’ cabinet ministers prepared to quit if PM pursues No Deal Brexit
No, the UK parliment can also reject... and then we will have a hard brexit... bonjour les dégats...
Shocking lies: #Brexit #StopBrexit #peoplesvote
May has turned this Brexit nightmare into a distorted, chimeric monstrosity of stultifying proportions. That she lies with such extravagance about the very essence of this putrid turd of a document that cannot be polished, is a testament to her stupendous ineptitude! SHAMEFUL!
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon | guardian
PRO- BREXIT ADVISER ADMITS UK WOULD BE BETTER OFF STAYING IN EU...Is it me or is this issue getting funnier by the day?!!
Is #Brexit in 2018 for the #UK like Dunkerque in 1940?
Is #Brexit in 2018 for the #UK like Dunkerque in 1940?
There will be a lot more who dies *if* Brexit happens - whoever is in power. Deny that &amp; you deny reality!
"is how we got #Brexit and " chuckled Vladimir Putin...
No Deal it has to be then!!!
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
My position on the proposed Brexit Withdrawal Agreement | Hugo Swire
Sometimes a good old fashioned British compromise is the worst outcome, as elegantly argued by
Under this deal we get some powers back eventually but we also become a rule taker. Its a phantom brexit, not what we voted for. This treaty deal needs to be rejected and a clean brexit put in its place
Unless they change on Brexit, they've lost me. I'll vote LibDem, even if this means letting the Tories back in, rather than give my vote to the duplicitous and stupid Corbynistas.
The government is far more afraid of the consequences of no deal #Brexit than it is of leave voters so we are leaving in name only if we leave at all.
#Brexit: What happens if MPs reject the deal?
As European leaders are focussed on Brexit, Russia has just significantly increased the military tension with Ukraine.
Barnier’s plan all along? #Brexit negotiator to make bid to replace Juncker, Eurocrats say
Barnier’s plan all along? #Brexit negotiator to make bid to replace Juncker, Eurocrats say
The EU agree on the Brexit deal. With so many MPs, including Conservatives, fiercely opposed to this particular agreement, Theresa May now faces an uphill battle to get it passed through Parliament. #brexit
No. That is not Putin‘s approach. He is using fog of Brexit to mount small attacks.
Everywhere I go all I ever hear is "I can't wait for Hillary to make her comeback" so THANK GOD
is the chap responsible for this littering. Just in case are interested. He spends George Soros and Tony Blair’s money for a living. More #Brexit Derangement on show
I have never had much time for Mark Carney, governer of Bank of England. He hasn't done much. But he's right in saying that UK is not ready for hard Brexit!
She is a disgrace
No, he wasn’t implying it. He was staying the clear fact that you may - or may not - require a visa to visit European countries after Brexit, depending on the path we take. Whereas currently it is ‘definitely’, not ‘conditionally’, the case.
Macrons own goal has helped.
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal” | Coffee House
Nothing reveals May as a tin-eared Brexit fanatic than thin!
I think it's gone beyond that. Sadly, people's views on Brexit are entrenched and I suspect that no amount of clarity will change that.
#Brexit: What happens if MPs reject the deal?
The same will happen in the UK if #Brexit is betrayed by !!
High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
If by "good compromise" you mean that most people are made worse-off under May's deal than staying in the #EU, yea...sure. Good luck with that cognitive dissonance of yours. #BREXIT
The latest Thanks to #brexit #ansa
Too right....and with the postscript, Brexit has been cancelled.
Poor Ukraine the Russians-are coming while the EU are bothered about Brexit
Der Spiegel: #Brexit = Best of both worlds (for the EU)
So let me get this straight; Corbyn should always seek to undermine May by voting against her proposals, except right now, where he has to do the opposite and give her everything she wants, allowing Brexit to become an unavoidable reality.
Because if they don’t it’s NO DEAL. “JC Juncker tells me the deal on the table is THE deal. If it is voted down by parliament, then there is no deal, he says #Brexit”
NO PEOPLES VOTE but the she never was going to get a Brexit anyway. She’s stitched us up good and proper. Never intended leaving. Still in. Will never leave. Infuriated with the political elite andthe lying bullying media
"No time for champagne ":
#TheresaMay announces approval of #Brexit deal by E.U. leaders
Excellent and thought provoking thread that I hope high command take on board. We cannot go into #ScotRef constantly on the back foot as in 2014, must own this
This is for us and it may actually be a chance to stop Brexit. Please support and/or RT, thank you!
Alternatively, Labour could continue to support UKIP’s agenda and push us out of the EU despite the countless benefits of membership - and despite the clear wishes of most Labour voters. Labour no longer has any principles other than to fulfil Corbyn’s Brexit fantasy. Shameful
what the fuck is he playin at
#RussiaWikileaks and #Brexit connection thread. Alex Jones, Nigel Farage, and Roger Stone are key players.
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues? - ABC News - via
Yes, and to get that would require no negotiation at all. Any 'softer Brexit' would be easier. Criticism of poor negotiation by May can only be made by those who would want more from the EU.
The Simple fact is that if the Prime minister wants the nation to back her brexit deal, there is only one way for the nation to cast judgement upon it. Whether that takes the form of a #PeoplesVote or a general election I don’t really mind. But we must have our say.
Der Spiegel: #Brexit = Best of both worlds (for the EU)
Used by the utopian who think they know all the answers but support the #brexitshambles , Rape clause, DWP 2 children cap and - duplicity is their middle name !!
Thank Theresa May's puppet masters. EU to UK: Lose-lose Brexit deal is best you will get
As usual your conclusion jumping is to Olympic standard. I disagree with them dragging us into a brexit shit storm before declaring independence. Bring on the Berwick to Carlisle hard border and then let's see who's worse off. In the meantime, you can bung SIU another few quid.
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
This one is skewed atm. Let's get it right!
#Brexit bedlam consolidates support for #EU and euro in Republic
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns “ She would say that wouldn’t she”
Great. That's want we want. Fuck the #EUSSR. Fish your own fish stealing bastards. Pay your own bills and extravagance you greedy bastards. Give jobs to your people rather than millions having to track to UK. Pay for your own army rather than take over the UK's #FuckYouEUBastards
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial This is a bad deal because Brexit itself is a folly
Not sad but defiant: #TheresaMay makes case for #Brexit deal | Politics
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
In the 90’s, protesting govts lack of funding for AIDS we would loudy protest in groups &amp; throw red paint on Parliament steps representing the blood of those dying. Brexit affects 68M ppl. Where is the outrage?
I think you suffer from terminal naivety
Go Teresa go may not agree with you but never will agree with DUP
Well, t fact that this Hilly Billy writes your language proves that at least he was educated in other languages, something many UK urbanites cannot say. One of t sad causes of Britons voting for Brexit might on the fact that they know little outside their own culture and language
May’s guarantees mean nothing. Afterall, Brexit Means Brexit.
Absolutely. The public can be so perverse #brexit
#Brexit bedlam consolidates support for #EU and euro in Republic
Because if they don’t it’s NO DEAL. “JC Juncker tells me the deal on the table is THE deal. If it is voted down by parliament, then there is no deal, he says #Brexit”
wonderful!
The reason all the EU heads of state took an hour to sign off the #Brexit deal is cos they needed 55 minutes to calm down the laughing.
#behindcloseddoors what impact will Brexit have on professional football in the UK?
Further summary of my interview on #TheresaMay and her #Gibraltar deal as part of #Brexit talks-
*brandishing wand* Brassneckiarmus!
Matt so right: our system requires us to play out this Brexit baptism, although we all know it is really a funeral.
Jeremy Hunt admits it's 'challenging' to secure MPs support for May's Brexit deal as DUP vow to oppose her
#shaftedbyMay number 1 Debunked: 40 Reasons to Back the Brexit Deal – #StandUp4Brexit
Not sad but defiant: #TheresaMay makes case for #Brexit deal | Politics
Pis* off Guardian you EU sucking nipple teets excuse for journalism
I have always said this is likely.
Has anyone got the details of the brexit March on 9th Dec, ie, meeting point, time and expected duration so I can book my flight over from Ireland and also the best airport to fly into
THERESA MAY’s BREXIT PLAN B; “WAR WITH RUSSIA” as today UK Forces hit Russia in #Ukraine &amp; #Syria. #ridge #marr #bbcsp
Jeremy Hunt admits it's 'challenging' to secure MPs support for May's Brexit deal as DUP vow to oppose her
Also important to remember whenever Theresa May utters the meaningless phrase „Will of the people“
May resigns or is ousted by her own party, general election once a new tory leader is chosen, transition period of Brexit extended (as a non-voting member of the EU) until after the election. Then the rest depends on who gets in No10 and if the EU want to regenotiate another deal
Dammit. The public clearly hate Ashley. But she’s still here! Bloody Brexit.
Final fucking say. That parasite should never say another word.
Well...The ballot paper didn’t specify what Brexit would look like so Brexiteers got what they voted for....someone else’s version of Brexit
So Brexit.
yeah more choreographed bullshit … there is nothing, NOTHING or can say that I will believe! even if they told me something I knew to be true I'd now have to go and check!
Trust in NS, once vote has been held in UK Parliament and she k own what the deal/no deal/no Brexit will be she will call it. If not then we all need to joint the greens, and give them the backing for indy if won't do it.
OMG! No #Oti anymore!!! Brexit is a picnic, compare to this grief! #Strictly, #StrictlyComeDancing2018
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at Brussels summit via
The longer the chaos continues, the better for us. With all this back &amp; forth and stupidity we will get a WTO Brexit by default. Excellent.
UKIP MEP Margot Parker on EU signing off Brexit deal (25Nov18) via
Who is the real #NigelFarage... and why won't he answer my questions? By via
it's easy to get angry. However the propaganda is very powerful. I admit I was duped into voting leave by the nhs promises. It is only because of being so thoroughly deceived over brexit that I started seeking out information for myself. Unfortunately people are so caught up.....
They are all Neo liberals however. The real cause of Brexit.
That was Brexit in a nutshell #scd
We know have real economists on our side, Will, and they are getting a public voice. So you can be quiet
watching the Christmas lights get turned on and ‘Santa’ was there. Tunde says “ aw look, Santa! make the most of it he won’t be coming after brexit”
The backlash to the betrayal of the peoples #Brexit by , may yet be to come?! I'm living in hope! #Brexit betrayed!
so are we heading towards a no deal brexit? Cause that is what it looks like especially if Parliament defer.
This is a calamitous, cowardly Brexit deal - and we're now being shafted for it by the EU via
EU seals Brexit deal, UK told to back May - 9News #9news
So, we now have Martin Howe QC's answer to Downing Street's rebuttal - and it makes for VERY interesting reading.
Where is the West when you need it? Busy with Brexit and some poor guys from Guatemala -
Brexit is just a sideshow. A bigger danger for the European Union looms from the east | CBC News
Stop LYING! Plan 'A' is WTO leave and nothing else. Stick plan B up your arse. Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
#THUS #SAITH THE #LORD #GOD UNTO #THEE THAT IN AS FAR AS #BREXIT IS #CONCERNED THE #PATH AND #COURSE OF IT HATH #BEEN AS IT WERE BY #ME SET IN #STONE AS IS THE #COURSE AND #PATH OF THE #LEADER OF THE #GOVERNMENT OF THE #UNITED #KINGDOM
They never wanted Brexit obviously. They're worried about what will happen next and if they'll be forced out, or even allowed back!
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Don’t know who did this but it’s priceless #Brexit #BrexitShambles
That's the spirit! That's how we should control all immigration. Visa. That's one reason why I voted Brexit.
The time is ripe for some new Kremlin FUD fuqqery.
Oh, God, I assumed it was related to Brexit shortages, not sure if it’s better or worse
I agree with , should keep his word but doubt he will on a second #Brexit referendum. Too many of his front bench and allies sound like they support leaving.
Henceforth when summarising Brexit possible developments will you and the other BBC bods stop ending by saying “and even a further referendum” thus inferring that this is unlikely or even mad. It is now the most desired outcome so please accord it the prime status this warrants.
Comrades, we can blame the Ugandan govt for anything! For the rains &amp; the dust, for my failure to find a girlfriend, and the bedbugs in Nsibirwa! We can even blame it for Brexit - M7 CAUSED IT! But the #LakeVictoriaBoatAccident, REALLY?! MBU IT DIDN'T ENFORCE THE LAWS?! #NOOO!!
#THUS #SAITH THE #LORD #GOD UNTO #THEE THAT IN AS FAR AS #BREXIT IS #CONCERNED THE #PATH AND #COURSE OF IT HATH #BEEN AS IT WERE BY #ME SET IN #STONE AS IS THE #COURSE AND #PATH OF THE #LEADER OF THE #GOVERNMENT OF THE #UNITED #KINGDOM...
A Sovereign UK where the very rich, elite and powerful have and have had control over we plebs for hundreds of years.
Wales voted for #Brexit eat the cake
Just tried to explain the whole #Brexit thing to my mom and what a mess. "And then there's this Northern Ireland party, the DUP,..." "Oh, and I forgot to mention the Gibraltar issue..." "So yeah, if this goes tits up, the SNP is going to want..." "Did I mention the NHS lie?"
Her venal desire to hold power serves only herself and her 'friends' &amp; cronies who will benefit by bleeding the country dry. No Brexit is acceptable #StopBrexit to #GetTheToriesOut
Shouldn't literacy be a basic requirement for employment in this field?
#THUS #SAITH THE #LORD #GOD UNTO #THEE THAT IN AS FAR AS #BREXIT IS #CONCERNED THE #PATH AND #COURSE OF IT HATH #BEEN AS IT WERE BY #ME SET IN #STONE AS IS THE #COURSE AND #PATH OF THE #LEADER OF THE #GOVERNMENT OF THE #UNITED #KINGDOM!
#shaftedbyMay number 2....5 Reasons Why Theresa May’s Divorce Deal is Not Brexit – #StandUp4Brexit
As far as I can tell, my MP hasn't yet declared his support for May's Brexit "deal" which I'm taking to be a positive.
They are and have been part of the Vanguard and have been deeply involved in Brexit . Brexit does not have a ' leader ' . Clown
‘NOTHING can be ruled out’ Jeremy Hunt says Government could be BROUGHT DOWN by Brexit
Please make this happen!
Any moment now ...
Perhaps the should pop along and ask you about #schoolcuts ? Your deal is a fail, would be an F at school, but you could still sort out school funding though? Do something good for a change. #Brexit isn't the only thing that matters
Just saying: I still don't really get why the UK is leaving the EU. To be honest I'm pretty happy to live in the EU... Just saying... #Brexit
SO WHY CARRY ON WITH IT??!!
If likes the proposed exit bill then it must be bad for the UK
, it’s not time. I can’t believe you are seriously prepared to royally fuck us over. , as my MP ignores everything, can you help please?!
Dear British friends, if you are not ashamed enough of your Brexit voting compatriots already, you might like to read the answers to this tweet by a German tourism org...
So, you're saying being led by idiots has a downside?? #hmmm
If Frank Warren wants to put Brexit negotiations on PPV on the same night then let him, we both know which will do more buys Koogs
1. #Brexit will be an opportunity for many to walk in the shoes of ppl they ignored for far too long. 2. #Brexit will only affect those in unique business arrangements, the majority of people will just struggle as usual. 3. #Brexit is the end of the World. #PeoplesVote
Please share to support xx
When exposed, connective tissue doesn't look that appealing. #BrexitIsOFFAL
May asking for public support for her Brexit deal... Great point Theresa, let's test the popularity at a #PeoplesVote... #Brexit #BrexitDeal #brexithaos #ToriesOut #EUsummit
Probably be conscripted into the EU army anyway if gets her way. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Empty words from YC. Labour have no real interest in Brexit per say only gaining power. There will not be a Gen Elec before 2022 so they may as well just chip in with SNP and LD's...
May can avoid 'no deal' at any time up to March 29th by asking the EU for an A50 extension &amp; giving the people a choice between her deal and no Brexit. So business should only sign up to this deal if they really believe she'd be intransigent enough to decide to crash the country.
I've got a good idea. shut the fuck up about brexit altogether sick of hearing about it. the radio the tv the papers. fuck off!
Why bother about the man across the ocean? You shohld worry when your searches return Books about Brexit.
#Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
Of course....and ready for a Centre EU Fourth Reich Party consisting of Nazi undemocratic fascists in two years time....Amber Turin Bilderberg Rudd, Kinnock gravy train junior, Chuka, not as bright as he think he is, Umuna...spell? Not worth checking. Gilet jaune Dec 9?London
Brexit bedlam consolidates support for EU and euro in Republic #PeoplesVoteNow #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #OptionToRemain #FBPE
No we are not. But neither are we agreeing to the self-destruct button that you keep on kicking, in the hope that it will go off. All of the current problems are selfinflicted as a result of a percentage of the population not seeing through the Brexit lies that they were fed.
Britain once had an Empire but her descendants are BREXIT fools. The absolute arrogance of Mad MAY. Generational pay back is a little studied discipline.
It so is. Maybe Teresa May should have a dance off to decide Brexit. Makes more sense then the current way.
I do get a bit fed up with the narrative that Corbyn is absolutely useless, at everything. But .......... It's his fault, and his alone, that Brexit is still going ahead because he could stop it in an instant if he wanted to. MAKE UP YOUR MIND #SocialistSunday #gtto
Crumbs. And I thought strictly was dramatic. Seriously though- Russia- warfare - could quite frankly put a stop to a Brexit regardless of any #baddeal #nodeal option
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
"A People's Brexit" "A jobs Brexit" "A Let's-go-back-70-years Brexit" "A socialism-in-one-country Brexit" And other nonsensical pipe-dreams.
So funny. At first I though it was the video of when Melania Trump said she was against bullying, but I see now it is the Brexit news.
Strong and stable, brexit means brexit and no deal is better than a bad deal. The Maybot goes on and on and on ......
Definitely couldn’t have put it better myself. I cannot believe our great country has this woman as Prime Minister.
Yes indeed, in the circumstances of Brexit, tactics are not what the public need, it's leadership. That should have happened 3 years ago. He showed none.
Such is the power of Venezuelan Socialism........JC will fix it.
Whatever happens will be better than stuck i. The EU as we were, but it looks like the best of all worlds - hard brexit
A JUDAS MAKES A DEAL what price for playing the role today MAY
EU rules out UK role in foreign, defence decisions via
Terrific must read from : Trident, Brexit, an unjust foreign policy, tax evasion. Damn right we have ‘grievances’
#DDuckTapes King James Holy Bible 1611 Front Cover.odg OpenOffice #Draw; King James Rod Stewart #DrWho Huddersfield #WOLHUD #LGBTQoftheworld Aaron Mooy Wolves Bengals Browns #BBC #Police #policescotland #London #Brexit #ukpubs #Yle
Maybe after reading some of the recent reportage about Nigel Farage, Arron Banks and the dishonesty that went into manipulating the Brexit vote, it is still too soon to speak about forgiveness?
True to an extent people do react to fear but many times it’s also just not liking change. That’s why SNP are still a long way off getting big majority for Indy in my view. Even with brexit.
#Brexit: EU officials have been told to expect the parliamentary vote on the Brexit deal on 10 or 11 December, according to senior sources in Brussels.
As if we didn't see that coming! Will be taking over his position considering her experience in negotiating against the will of the people! #WTOBrexit Barnier’s plan all along? Brexit negotiator to make bid to REPLACE Juncker, Eurocrats say
So it's this deal (Bremain) or # Brexit. Give us what we voted for!
#DDuckTapes Susan B Anthony Do77ar 1981 King James Rod Stewart #DrWho Huddersfield #WOLHUD #LGBTQoftheworld Aaron Mooy Wolves Bengals Browns #BBC #Police #policescotland #London #Brexit #ukpubs #Yle #USD #SEK
Love these
I agree, also do you know what else we’ve given to Eu like ships, planes other military items, as well as £39B
In English it means. 1.the government lied
let the scum go fast!!!
This thread !!!
The UK had control over immigration too, but never used it.
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Brexit was a win by Russia......
Theresa May’s Brexit or No deal Brexit Phil - what’s your pick?
'What's on the table is the only deal', says Varadkar via
Let me get this straight. Tony Blair who ignored the wishes of the overwhelming majority of the public about waging an illegal war against Iraq, wants a People's Vote on Brexit. You couldn't make this up.
The discord and distrust are already there, and will be sharpened if May’s crap deal is rammed through with the help of the likes of you. Also, there will be NO insurgency as support for Brexit ebbs away.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
This was always what Brexit would be like.
Big-time constitutional expert Vernon Bogdanor thinks we're going to have a second, and possibly even a third, referendum so the fat lady hasn't sung yet!
Of course it will "survive" It's just the same people who paid for the ( deliberate) housing crisis and Bankers charity bailout that will now pay the cost of Brexit. The Conservatives must have Brexit or their party will split and they will be finished.
Let's hope she keeps her word.
UK Parliament's insisting on justice.
'Look at the HORROR!' Tony Blair SAVAGED by Andrew Marr in tense second Brexit vote row
Only selfish MPs will vote it down. The vast majority of people I have spoken too are fed up with #Brexit Want it over and done with and for MPs and parliament to get back to proper issues.
'What's on the table is the only deal', says Varadkar #Brexit via
It’s politics by slogan these days The news bulletin comes across as “ The British people want us to get on with this to deliver what people voted for , no other deal on the table but does it satisfy the 6 red lines for the many not the few?” #brexit #deal
Madness and social commentary by at . Forgetting about #Brexit for an hour.
The Venture Foundry News is out! Stories via #brexit #crowdfunding
'B******* to Brexit' bus to tour UK as Remainers crowdfund £16,000 #eu
Get behind Theresa May’s arse.. shit face. #Brexit
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon - Continue reading...
Theresa May got Post-Brexit deal approved with the EU. The next hurdle is for to get approval of the MPs. Even pro-Brexit and pro-Remain lawmakers within May's own Conservative Party have said...
He was a bad Prime Minister for Gibraltar but he is absolutely right. A people’s vote is undoubtedly in Gibraltar’s best interests #PeoplesVote
May says she wants to 'heal the nation'. That's code for give me time to concentrate on making the poor's lot even worse and more miserable. That's what #Brexit can do for the #Tories. 'The future's bright' !
Brexit and the DUP: Triumph or disaster?
Nope. I'm saying that his arguing against the Brexit deal is somewhat hypocritical, seeing as he aided and abetted her in getting to this point. May is irrelevant. What I'm not in favour of is seeing the country trashed - either for the benefit the Tory elite or Corbyn's agenda.
Brexit triggers plans for #WARTIMENATIONALGOVERNMENT similar to Great Depression era #EuropeanUnion...
This is frightening
New post (Brexit: The non-Brits guide to EU referendum (because it affects you too)) has been published on newsofdayonline -
EU approves Brexit deal: 'It's a tragedy' - Washington Times #SmartNews
Hey, wait until we get those nice new Brexit 50p's! It will make the whole thing worthwhile!
After Macron’s irritating pontification today on our EU relationship post #brexit, I’d be happy to sing the Wombles theme, but the Fijian rugby squad are just infinitely more classy than me upon beating up our cross Channel friends
well done #GraemeSwan. You've done really well. Unfortunately you were up against the wrong couple in the dance-off.
BREXIT FEARS: Lithuania leader insists People's Vote is possible if UK rejects deal http:// What the hell is it to do with Llthuania?
let’s be honest: this is the eu’s sarcy middle finger, cursing us for leaving
A BBC report says EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit -
This mad #remainic bastard has obviously been bounced on his own head far far too many times. #Mental.
Get rid of her
Well worth a read
Ruining a perfectly nice chaise lounge! #BREXIT
Right
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
We’ll all be fucking dead! #BrexitBetrayal
No one knows brexit koogs. We went to barry town and asked some locals and they’d never heard of brexit . Koogs I’m telling you
Interesting forecast in this Guardian piece: MPs reject #Brexit deal -&gt; markets panic -&gt; MPs accept #Brexit deal
It is time to rethink history
I am all for making the GFA work and always support it. However our politicians from all sections of the community have had 20 years to make the GFA work and they all failed miserably. Now Brexit is comming down the road and that changes everything. #Think32 #Brexit
Britain's May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament ReutersUS
This, from the day after the referendum, seems even sadder now. Those who voted for Brexit because of austerity are likely to be those who suffer the most because of Brexit.
*glances at camera*
#BreakingNews #dw.com Opinion: Gibraltar dispute shows the absurdity of Brexit
the coffee is well and truly brewed - time to smell and wake up #brexit #rubbish
Dear Theresa, You’ve done it. You’ve completed the Trump University module 'How to ruin everyone’s lives and sell it back to them as a good thing' and now you’re going to try to force feed this Brexit deal down every Britons’ throat,
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
lets be honest about this utter bollocks brexit the elite have been stringing it along, spin doctors doing there job so everybody says bollocks to it!! I will never vote again as democracy is dead!! #BrexitDeal
Why oh why do you keep voting for and remainer's when you could vote for the United States of Europe party #Brexit
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
The BBC highlights &amp; critiques the SNP's Brexit position just when things are going pear-shaped for the Scottish Tories in particular and Unionism in general? This is as sure a sign as any that they are preparing to undermine the SNP's CU/SM proposal.
The latest Kat's Picks! Thanks to #brexit #marr
EU approves Brexit deal: 'It's a tragedy' - Washington Times #SmartNews
Blair may be in the past, but Corbyn has no future. What I’d give for a Labour lead of Blair’s ilk now. He’d have put Brexit to bed before it began.
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit
She loves to make threats to get her own way doesn’t she?!
"End of freedom of movement" ... How could anyone be proud of ditching a privilege of UK citizenship? #brexit #PeoplesVote
New Vehicle Reg | Change of ownership | Renewal - 09090144706 #HearMeToo #2018NBG Torreira Brexit David Luiz Sarri Mhki lacazette Ronaldo
say what now?
BREXIT IS OVER! IF YOU WANT IT #lennon
I am still amazed that so many of my fellow citizens are so keen to damage the economy and the prospects of this country. Please think about the 'only just managing' and abandon Brexit.
Lots of research showing that ending freedom of movement was the main reason for the Brexit vote. Indeed ending freedom of movement has been the main objective of the UK government in these negotiations. Anything else secondary to that
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
No, it didn't. 1st, the UK only participated in Ireland. 2nd, there was no money given. It is a loan and we are paying it back. Ypu made a Brexit campaign out of wanting to thgrow out EU citizens. Why are you surprised when we tell you to leave our countries? You wanted out. Go.
Great article
The Ashley and Pasha public vote on #Strictly is a perfect metaphor for Brexit. You just can't trust the general public to get anything right.
The latest The Matthew Chattle Daily! Thanks to #brexit #extinctionrebellion
brexit foi aprovado this bitches are dumb af
Appreciate all you have done Prime Minister but your #Brexit deal is not in my name. We should be able to turn back when we are driving over a cliff. I won’t be ‘getting behind it’ as it will leave #Britain poorer and is not what we were promised.
Don’t you think it’s people like you that has made the Labour coelition fragile. Don’t blame Corbin, May made no effort to consult and build a coalition for the best deal!
“Do you want trade or control? The extent to which you give up one allows you more of the other. But even now, as we lose our status in the world, it is just as unresolved as it ever was. We don't know where the hell we're going.” on #Brexit
So here's a story, Parliament rejects May deal which leaves choices of:- No deal Stop Brexit General election People's vote Is it just me or is this all very convenient!!
Sadly , there will be a few red tory vipers that do ! Expulsion , must be the price , of such a monumental betrayal ! #GeneralElectionNow #GetTheToriesOut
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
This is a bad deal because Brexit itself is a folly #peoplesvote
Are we all going to be wiped out by Russians? That'll put the kibosh on brexit.
There’s this...
We already have, now jog on and read up on democracy #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
What you want is unattainable. You &amp; all the other Brexit fundamentalists need pipe down. You've already cost us the partnership of our fellow Europeans. On the world stage you have destroyed the last vestige of respect we retained &amp; turned us into a laughing stock.
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament? Brexiters, DUP, Labour or Tory MPs eyeing second referendum could all scupper PM’s plans If Theresa May is to get her Brexit deal through parliament, these are the groups she will have to convince: …
The vicar's daughter is lying again! She claims “With Brexit settled, we will be able to focus our energies on the many other important issues facing us here at home” No. Not True. This does not settle Brexit. The big questions re the future are still to come.
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon Continue reading...
Take a moment think about it if you wanted a Brexit this is it. Lets go for it!
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial Getting sign-off from the EU27 was the easy part for the prime minister. This is a bad deal because Brexit itself is a folly Theresa May’s hard-won deal is done at last; y…
What good has it done to collaborate with this sh*tshow and delay the day of reckoning? Also a parallel with #brexit here. Mark Carney has limited economic damage amazingly well with adept monetary policy. But that just gave the politicians more rope to hang themselves with.
Another EU law expert, perhaps understated "Given that the May plan is to part company with £39bn up front, and there is no sanction if negotiations follow the lengthy Swiss or even the Turkish timetables, the UK is taking a lot on trust." via
Corbyn hedges bets about thing that literally has no downside. The absolute boy.. Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Absolutely! She's turned Brexit into a 'fire sale' and, as a consequence, she knows she's had it in Britain. She's making sure she'll eventually have another job to go to
Comparing Canada that sells 80 of it goods and services to one country to what will happen to you guys under Brexit is the height of idiocy.
Corbyn is with Johnson, Gove, Farage and Rees Mogg on brexit. He’s a fucking rotter
E.U. leaders approve #Brexit plan, setting up vote in British Parliament, where it faces stiff opposition
We need a “what kind of Brexit” referendum with all these options. We cannot have 17million of them, but around 50 would be enough since that is the number of Brexit interpretations I heard since the vote.
Still hoping that there is a Legal remedy to STOP BREXIT and expose the lies and fraud which have caused this catastrophe. The scale of ignorance and lack of a basic ability to ask in depth questions by a large sector of the population is even more of a concern going forward.
My letter to Thresea May. #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitShambles #VoteDownTheDeal
And this years nomination for best fiction tweet is ;
This list reminds me I should have more of a variety of beans on hand, just in general. I eat too much chicken.
Staging post on the way to more dramatic and dangerous negotiations If MPs reject the deal, May can expect little immediate help from Brussels
Are you calling Brexit voters racists? You're a bloody disgrace.
May's message: 'This is all there is' Can't trust #May slippery - never been straight with #UK why start now -pulls rabbit out of hat - last second deal on #backstop - smoke &amp; mirrors #brexit -"This is all there is" - don't believe you for one second #PM
Think what most people do not appreciate is that the compromise the PM talks about is that the transition period keeps aligned to the EU but after (get rid of the EU veto to ending backstop) we can do all those things that ordinary people believe Brexit means.
I don't consider that possible due to the UK political context. This is the softest Brexit deal that's (potentially) palatable both for the UK and for the EU27.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
While Europe pisses about with Brexit the Russians are pushing Ukraine into a conflict.
Maybe. We are assuming a sudden attack of good sense in the HoC. One can but hope.
Brexiters is a coup, but did they mean it to lead to the sell off of Gibraltar and potentially the Falklands, surely this will have Tory MPs frothing at the mouth.
The false premise that it's a choice between a bad deal or no deal Brexit is on a par with the whopper, shamelessly being resurrected, of the red Brexit Bus NHS money. No CU or SM? Then it's time to put this back in the people's hands. #indyref #PeoplesVote
Russia’s not in the EU, mate. So what has the departure of any such Russians (if they actually exist) got to do with Brexit? Your credibility isn’t exactly going up, whether or not your wages are. What industry do you work in and where in the UK do you work? I’ll wait.
Meanwhile... #brexit #BrexitDeal #EU #uk
But combine with illegality of electoral spend. Narrow margin. And no detail. And rush to #Article50. It honks of scripted turd bucket. All parties. #Brexit You dont even hear about the illegality bit. Even #Labour dont mention it.
More rocks ahead for Gibraltar in Brexit talks
There is an attempt to impose the vote of a 2016 electorate misinformed by lies and fantasies on a 2019 electorate finally informed about the Brexit deal. Information is central to democracy. MPs who ignore this are insulting voters &amp; subverting democracy. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Some more great work from Tony. ps Loved the Torture too
I genuinely don't know. My gut instinct tells me they will vote through the Brexit deal in its present form.
Imagine if there were more remainers in the UK right now (it looks like it), can you seriously use "democracy" as an excuse to proceed with a bad deal? Empty slogans like "trade on our terms" are Brexit myths. Trade deals are hardly unilateral. So much for owning our destiny.
I am deeply sad too. I didn't vote for Brexit.
Football Twitter can be a bit mad, Brexit Twitter is horrendous but the real madness lies in #Strictly Twitter.
Blair chose the painful way #iraq
And yet they keep saying a no Deal Brexit has No positives.
Why did Corbyn talk about "a better Brexit" given Tusk's statement here?
#Strictly Well what a waste of time that dance off was! Don't have much confidence in the British electorate in any 2nd Brexit referendum now.
This is Brexit not Iraq .
Boris Johnson could face prosecution over his big red Brexit bus....
In the UK we had five Nobel prize winning economists arguing against Brexit. For “balance”, the spokesman for Brexit was shown kissing a fish.
No-deal Brexit could lead to clean drinking water shortage
That's just the tariff increases. What's the tariff equivalent of Time Taken to Trade these days? 4.2% in 2011. Did we ever implement that International Trade Single Window? Or is that on the Brexit TODO?
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Theresa May urges British public to back her Brexit plans in extraordinary open letter
Hunters: Michael Gove and the pizza plotters Deer: May's Brexit deal
We have no right to call others morally repugnant when we waltzed around the world killing millions and planting our flag wherever we fancied. They’re just better at ‘negotiating’ than we are. Brexit is far too high a price to pay for a whimsical notion of what sovereignty means.
Bit like Brexit innit?
KJV be honest you didn't have a clue what you were voting for, only what Farage, Johnson, Mogg as well as the Sun and Daily Mail was feeding you with.
Excellent summary.
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Tony surely that wee one is not reading that book...read him a bedtime story he will have nightmares with that read..lol
So true!
this web of Putin, Farage, Trump and others w/ their coded anti-Semitic, anti-immigrant, anti-other language and policies, is an ideology of hate, of lies and an insidious darkness incubating in their corners of power. i don’t mean to sound hyperbolic, but it is what it is.
Caroline, there are attempts to overcome this seemly relentless drive to push us towards either this blind Brexit or no deal, neither of which there is a majority in the country for, let alone the house. A new ref puts in back in our hands. More democracy cannot be a bad thing.
Outflows from UK-focused equity funds since #Brexit vote hit $1tn via #TakingControlBack
So they should.
On the platform he's standing on (which aside from Brexit I broadly support) he needs to be exceptional, and he's mediocre on a good day.
Seems like the irexit contrarians/disruptors/whatever the fuck they call themselves* might have an uphill struggle. *I call them gobshites
Macron threatens UK will stay in customs union without a #fishing deal #Brexit #quotas #fishermen #islandnation
"Brexit will give us back our sovereignty". "Brexit will let us make our own laws" Listen to say how the UK has had this all along. #PeoplesVoteMarch #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Brexit
Focus this week likely to remain on Brexit &amp; oil prices with vigilance for any update as to talks between Trump and President Xi. On the data front, falling energy prices likely to drag EU CPI lower, Chinese NBS PMI's flirt with contraction and FOMC mins due on Thurs
After Brexit in legal terms UK is a ,third country‘. The Pol.Declaration gives only an outlook on what is on offer in terms of coop &amp; consultation. Bt one cannot be both outside &amp; inside the EU, where results of joint consultations always have legally binding consequences for all
39bn divorce settlement ! How long could both the NHS &amp; the welfare state be funded for with that kind of cash ?
Judges like EU Brexit. Listen to what the people want and that is NO PROFESSIONAL DANCERS as contestants!!! #Strictly
Jesus H Christ. How many times do GB media need to be told before they get the message (which has been clear from year dot) Sinn Féin are never ever ever ever ever taking their seats in Westminster. Ever. Ever ever ever. Never ever. So stop bloody asking.
I've been through similar "discussions" with friends. I've found that either big ticket items like fracking and nuclear weapons flip them but the majority (sadly) it is down to self interest in terms of personal wealth and realising they will lose more with Brexit than Indy.
Talking out your jacksie on this one George. And Brexit, to be clear. If you now stop supporting Celtic too, my love for you will have gone forever...
I worked for the NHS for 20 years, started low, ended sat round the board room. Why do you think practically everyone in the NHS hates Brexit. A lot of cross EU research is done by the NHS that helps saves lives. Research we will be cut off from in the future. Happy days indeed.
My mistake, clearly the metaphor of us literally destroying the deal in 5 different ways wasn't quite clear enough. I mean how are people supposed to tell how we feel about it? Maybe they thought setting fire to the Brexit deal was our way of calling it "lit". We're so sorry!
Check out ’s Tweet:
a lot of us accept WTO as a good interim solution until a SuperCanada is agreed- we run out of time and are in a mess for 2 reason only - remainer challenges in face of pathetically weak leadership and remainer govt machination (deliver Remain while pretending to deliver brexit)
if Brexit doesn't happen, we can team up and campaign for article 7.
Easy to block a bill no one wants... it’s what happens next that’s the key part. But despite the overwhelming desire of Labour voters, Corbyn refuses to call for revoking Article 50 and refuses to call for a second referendum. He’s more Brexit than May.
Is this author self aware ?
Could he save it for the Brexit debate?
The difference between right-winged and left-winged people is that we righties can write on paper without smudging the ink all over our hands. #brexit #brexitshambles #indyref
"Theresa May’s Conservative electorate differs in important ways from that which followed David Cameron. It is more working-class, more pro-Brexit, more anti-immigration and contains fewer graduates."
Gina. . . this old buffoon has a couple of dozen followers. . . and no arguments of sense of substance. . . just ignore. . . .(and thanks for all the commitment, hard-work and wise insight. . .) #brexshit #NotInMyName . . . #FBPE #Brexit #exitbrexit #FBR #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
Big gammon march for all those gammons out there
No. Please keep up. It was implied that visas will be needed to travel to the r27 post-Brexit. I was merely pointing out that prior to our membership, we didn't need visas to travel.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
One where we actually leave
hi, are you really saying that the ballot for Cate Blanchett's play is for UK residents only? I mean, really? how is it even legal? or with Brexit you wanna exclose other nations from your theaters as well? Is Ms. Blanchett aware of this, btw???
Brexit: Theresa May's 'letter to the nation' in full
Are we suggesting here that those voting Brexit do so because they have Neanderthal blood and Remainers don’t?It might explain the depth of tribal feeling
Boris Johnson said the U.K. is on the brink of a "historic mistake," comparing Theresa May's #Brexit plan to the Titanic heading toward disaster.
The Latest Brexit Secretary tweets yet I probably know as much about the deal as him, he’s good for making tea but just don’t ask him to be responsible for anything, he’s only the Secretary of State? LOL
Yeah, Karen, Germany is a piss poor country, completely reliant on Brits getting pissed at our Christmas markets while howling for Brexit without a hint of irony... Do fuck off!
Get too please (good luck with that)
Theresa May signs Brexit deal with EU leaders as her Cabinet plots to rip up her agreement
Whilst crossing the border tonight, I was faced with a border police checkpoint. Just a taster if the hard brexiters get their way alongside the #DUP #Brexit
We’ve got our own problems... *cough* brexit *cough*
Is euthanasia allowed in cases like this, it must be diluting the gene pool?
I just want this Brexit thing done, f fed with it!!
#Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
So now we know what May's #Brexit really means explains the #brexitshambles letter and the deal wants to impose on our country which would mean a #BlindBrexit with continued uncertainty for several more years
#UKIP MEP Margot Parker on EU signing off Brexit deal (25Nov18) via
The Brexit analogy was actually what first came to mind for me too, but I have a hard time unequivocally calling that class politics for similar reasons
Why is it a bad deal? Spell it out. The ECJ will still have jurisdiction, for one. People are fed up of Brexit &amp; just want the Tories to get on with it. Give some detail about why it's a bad deal. And for god's sake don't start going on about a 'peoples vote' again. #GTTO
#CONservatives think they can control the world, make it into own image. #CPC Canada, Repubs in US, UK Brexit crew. Harper is now Chair of #IDU, Org of 63+ countries formed to support &amp; push Conservative Govts/Agendas all over World. Harper has All resources to influence nxt Elxn
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Everybody agreed there would be a difficult economic period after Brexit. It's proving much brighter than the 'economists' predicted though eh? Project fear has removed credibility i'm afraid. We're not afraid.
The EU President doesn’t make the rules. Majority of decisions done by committee of heads of state, and we have a Veto for anything we don’t like. Now we accept their rules and have Zero say thanks to your Brexit!
There are 2967 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
There are 2967 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
One senior insider noted: “As things stand, a People’s Vote is gaining traction and seems the likelier option
EU leaders approve 'tragic' Brexit deal #NRTnews #Brexit #BrexitDeal #EU
Time until BREXIT is 124 days, 02 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
NOW | This hour on #Viewpoints w/ : - talks toxic masculinity, all boys private school culture and hazing - Brexit: What’s next? - Why Calgary is no longer an Olympic city - Instagram pop-ups: Captivating art or Pompous? LISTEN:
Brexit deal: this is what MPs are saying about its chances of being approved by Parliament
Jeremy Corbyn says Theresa May's Brexit deal “leaves [the UK] with the worst of all worlds”
#British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against #Brexit Deal
Is a victim of misogyny? thinks she's had it tough. But says the problem is that she can't deliver #Brexit #ThePledge
Spain GLOATS it now has 'STRENGTH' to RECLAIM Gibraltar after Theresa May BUCKLED - SPAIN has gloated that Prime Minister Theresa May's controversial Brexit deal has given Madrid...
LOL what do I have wrong? Brexit only passed 52-48, it wouldn't take more than a couple of percentage points of people to make the Hard Brexit crowd the minority. And given the fact that 59% say they would vote remain my take seems more grounded than yours.
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU (Rated: Positive Bias)
Theresa May gets agreement on Brexit from EU leaders via
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal as eyes now turn to Westminster via
The will of the people is for a far-off brexit. MPs must not be allowed to negotiate a defamatory brexit!
Brexit is 2979 hours away. #brexit
NEW VIDEO by RT: May's #Brexit may be: EU leaders endorse the contentious deal at emergency summit
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
‘NOTHING can be ruled out’ Jeremy Hunt says Government could be BROUGHT DOWN by Brexit
Don’t think anyone is suggesting he does not follow Labour policy. Just questioning why on Brexit it is both so unclear, and continually he lets the government off the hook other than at PMQs. He’s not leading, especially not acting as Leader of the Opposition
About as stupid as they ARE if the Brexit vote is being seen as valid.
flaky brexit
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? | Politics | The Guardian
"Brexit will give us back our sovereignty". "Brexit will let us make our own laws" Listen to say how the UK has had this ability all along. #PeoplesVoteMarch #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Brexit
For hard read WTO for WTO read what we voted for in the beginning its not hard its just a PROPER BREXIT
SO do we now hear that Civil Service ( Treasury) -implacably opposed to Brexit because " we know what is best for the country" Do they not realise that is why -what they called " the undereducated, elderly (Racist?) Northeners" voted leave.? Westminster is STILL not listening.
May has delayed the Brexit process at every turn. After today’s sell out she should not be allowed to continue. Forty eight letters in by Monday morning please. Enough is enough
Quick somebody call the European Army! Do hope and Merkel won't be calling on NATO for help! #Brexit #NoDeal
U.K., EU Approve Hard-Fought Brexit Divorce Deal. Now the Harder Work Begins.,
Brexit appears to have consolidated Irish support for the EU and the single currency. The latest poll shows 85 per cent of Irish people believe the single currency has been a good thing for the State, compared with a euro-zone average of 64 per cent.
When the cabinet are so openly fighting against the democratic referendum vote to make sure the UK stay in the EU, by which any name you want to call it, you realise how corrupt our government really are...just traitors!..and incapable of respecting democracy!
Judges like EU Brexit. Listen to what the people want and that is NO PROFESSIONAL DANCERS as contestants!!! #Strictly
Joe public making it thier opinions VERY clear... No support for her deal.....
The latest The Brexit Digest! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Most of NI voted to remain and would do so again. However, it is wrong for one party or individual to claim to represent all of them, as the opposition to Brexit here is diverse and cross-community. It would also be great if Sinn Féin unambiguously backed #PeoplesVote
I could continue trying to make #brexit-related jokes, but I think it would just bum both of us out.
‘Nothing can be ruled out’ Jeremy Hunt says Government could be brought down by #Brexit
‘Nothing can be ruled out’ Jeremy Hunt says Government could be brought down by #Brexit
JEREMY Hunt refused to rule out the Government collapsing if MPs reject Theresa May's Brexit deal and leave Parliament deadlocked.
She's a remainer, trying to stop Brexit. I love the fact that all the remain rabble hate her. Your own queen bee and you hate her.
Molly Scott Cato on PM Theresa May selling out Gibraltar on Brexit (25No... via
I’m afraid it will likely always be this way. But Brexit is a great opportunity to do it. Unfortunately they will only stop trying to keep us when we are worthless.
Is that the same deal we stay in custom union til 2020 then we leave that is a shit deal I want to leave in March no more Eu national coming to UK if the parliament says no this deal sucks then an election will happen saif will run UK
Shame on 10 Downing Street for backing this hag. This isn't a DEAL, this is a slaughter to our sovereignty, this isn't a BREXIT, this is a REMAIN. #NEVERVOTETORRIES
There are 35,000 GPs in the UK. This is a vote by 60 of them. The Dr MP chap is talking out of his nether regions.
#Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
IdiotCheck out ’s Tweet:
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
How could they?The country voted out.They respect the vote.Those who vote Labour will also have voted for Brexit.A centrist will be expected to deliver Brexit,due to the loss of votes.Blame Cameron
My letter on the moral vaccuum that is
Spain's prime minister says UK Brexit deal opens door on Gibraltar
Interesting thread.
BBC News - Juncker: 'Those who reject Brexit deal will be disappointed'
Begging for our help ..are you truly forgetting the CW? ...REALLY?! I think not only does this bring out the worst in all sides ...obv evident its not only the moronic Brexit nationalism but a vindictive spoilt Euro side too .please god the sensible behaviour returns
Hear, hear!
Any chance we could stop talking about bloody unicorns now? I know it's been fun, but Brexit is no longer any sort of joke - it's going destroy people's lives, many people's lives. It's evil. Let's treat it appropriately.
Pretty sure without Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May would have her majority and Brexit would be going through parliament quite happily
I hate having to keep rolling this video out. But not as much as I hate STILL seeing people saying that Labour haven’t been challenging the Tories on Brexit. Please, sit down and allow us to serve you a huge helping of actual FACTS.
So when are you &amp; the rest of the pack going to grow a pair &amp; do something serious about it ?
The security and defence threat posed by May’s Brexit deal, writes Sir Richard Dearlove
Whether unweaned calves are sent overseas via Ramsgate or Ireland, it’s unacceptable to most people. urging to invest in and promote better solutions that allow dairy calves to have a life.
Remember the way the Notification Act was introduced to the HoC &amp; HoL. Hansard is used for interpretation by the courts. Also, with the conduct (through policy) of the govt saying they gave the mandate to the ppl etc. Clearly implementing Brexit was based on the ref politically.
Poor Will is still struggling to believe that the poor voted for Brexit, the working class made a difference, despite being ignored for years. Beer and sandwiches sneers not withstanding
Not even a full day and the threats and bullying begin?
Terrible thing jealousy bet your shitting yourself with brexit
Great phrase for the situation.
European Union approves Brexit deal with United Kingdom
Brexit is Brexit. This is it. You won.
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
oh wow the news just started and the first one is that the brexit deal is approved, FUCK OFF I HATE MY LIFE
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
The latest The David Hurley Daily! Thanks to #forbesunder30 #brexit
Tories won GE15 when Cameron promised EURef, GE17 with help of UKIP votes because of Brexit promises, yet they set out from the start to deny us. They may lose to a Corbyn govt! They deserve all they get. What a legacy.
Putin winning all the way. #brexit #trump
Not for you. If you wd care to read my article on the "Insitutional Arrangements" in the WP, and compare them to WA, you will see that you have had a narrow escape, for which you must thank the democratic instincts of the EU, not HMG.
"Mrs May insisted, implausibly, that she was full of optimism about the future of the country. But the past weeks have underscored that the loss is Britain’s. Any Brexit deal is a bad deal for the country."
How Labour could deliver a workable Brexit, for one thing.
Let's all get behind #TheresaMay's #Brexit deal and push it over a cliff.
Fuckin germ this woman!!
I’m really enjoying the Brexit meltdowns I’m seeing. It’s gonna be a hilarious 4 months watching the mad get madder and madder.
Brexit: UK, EU #chemicals industry welcomes agreed draft deal
Brexit Derangement Syndrome is at an advanced stage with this fellow.
I am sick to death hearing about the 'Govt don't care bullsh.t' WTF did care ever produce? The Government is not an altruistic NGO its there to Govern.
God isn’t done with Great Britain yet, even if Judas Iscariot is trying to destroy that nation.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Brexit just turned #brexshit That's all
The latest The Anfield Collection! Thanks to #lfc #brexit
Scare tactics and anti-democratic. If the UK doesn't want this deal it is within our rights to re-negotiate. Juncker doesn't get to complain about changing decisions everyday. It's his fucking job the whiny cunt.
Another Brexiteer who thinks staying in is more preferable to this Brexit plan
More like Theresa May doesn't want the British people to spend anymore time arguing about Brexit. However she has advanced such a non-Brexit deal that the argument will rightly continue.
What might a No Deal BREXIT look like? | Colonel Bob Stewart DSO MP
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - JUMBO CRAFT BOX - GIANT BOX FILLED WITH OVER 300 PIECES
I wrote to about #brexit. Her resposnse .. "I've passed your letter to " .. in that spirit I have passed her letter to my goldfish .. just as useful #brexit #stopbrexit
I’m an unadulterated Blairite. But I think he is wrong on this. We have a representative democracy so for parliament to decide and if it can’t then election and new parliament decides stay , leave or referendum. That said I think Blair would have got a better deal &amp; sold it.
Check out ’s Tweet:
I think we'll soon find out what MPs actually support this liar May, or withhold the will of the people for a proper Brexit
That is why any decision to leave the EU must consider the views of *both* leavers and remainers, something which GOV has failed to do so far. No Deal does not command sufficient electoral support to ask that question. The 2nd ref. should simply be No Brexit or May's deal.
no thanks
How will Brexit impact freelance mothers in the UK?
Brexit explained:
Britain was against joining the European project when it was conceived after the Second World War in a spirit of reconciliation. #Brexit
Hard or Soft? Brexit Means Borders
Nobody cares what this drunken twat says. Did he mention how much he got in backhanders when he set up all those tax avoidance schemes when he was in charge in his own country? Thought not. Corrupt from top to bottom. Screwing the UK for 40 years. Fuck em all.
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home
BBC are demonstarting the illegal activities with the US Presidential Election rather than the #BREXIT illegality. If Parliament is seizing doc's like this a pause in BREXIT is needed to complete the legal investigations Facebook documents seized by MPs
Morning Rush: Morrison ambush - Brexit shock - Alan Jones on hold - Journalism ‘crushed’ - Tribesmen confront police - Cricket triumph - Dogs of Instagram - Vote buying fears:
TRADERS DON’T WANT TO GO TO GERMANY. BREXIT OFF !!
Increasingly many poor people I know are discovering the republic. Not just cos #brexit. And Hibernia's huns With their Euro guns Sailed in from the fucking eu Many looking to Ireland's press &amp; journalists for outside opinion (in same language) from a near century of Indy.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
'Your grandchildren will regret Brexit' - Sky News
After an agreement was made over Gibraltar yesterday, EU leaders have agreed to approve of Brexit.
Governments’ Failures On Climate Spur New Actions #CgAn #ICC #Brexit #ClimateChange #Colonialism
Governments’ Failures On Climate Spur New #Brexit #ClimateChange #Colonialism #ICC #CgAn
not looking good is it, no matter how hard you bribe the DUP and MP's with trinkets
"In the next fortnight he and his team must use every conceivable inducement and threat to reach the magic total of 320 votes: knighthoods, peerages, gongs and legislative time will be...
Anyone who cares anything for British sovereignty and the centuries of endeavour that our forfathers have invested in Great Britain and it's people should watch this and shudder with revulsion. NO DEAL BREXIT NOW !!!
#NEWS #Switzerland #Referendum Switzerland holds referendum on removal of cow horns.. Will disgruntled Swiss referendum voters call for a second vote? #Brexit #CowsVote #PeoplesVote
Attlee is taking over Brexit negotiations
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
Macron sends police to attack French men and women. Macron news: France will force UK into backstop unless May grants fishing access | UK | News |
Okay we've all heard about romaine lettuce now, but what about the pro-brexit lettuce?
Haven't seen before? Does the 2014 #indyref not ring a bell? It should because you're wealthy AND you participated in a campaign of disinformation.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Backing the wrong horse, People want a clean Brexit. Leave means leave.
#EU will strip #UK of everything if #MPs allow this to go through.
But of course she won't - because, in reality, she's frit. #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
Let's talk about Treesa May, In her own special place today, And all that she gives, So her premiership lives, And now Europe's not going away. #marr #SocialistSunday #Brexit #HostileEnvironment Haha
Strictly-speaking this is what we really need to know:
Britain's opposition Labour Party will oppose Brexit deal: Corbyn
It's going to be a week full of #Brexit news next week... Are you trading #EURGBP?
Three words I'm gonna say about all this EU &amp; Brexit. "I'm dreading it"
We have discord &amp; aggression in our society already , fuelled by senior politicians who appease the far right rather than confront it. #Brexit is a surrender to dark forces. To wave it through is an abdication of your responsibility to your constituents.
... and #Brexit is going to be only next March ...
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Ben Jennings on #EU leaders and Theresa May's #Brexit deal – cartoon
Some times you have to admit that you got things spectacularly wrong. For me backing for the leadership of was such an occasion. Far from being the breadth of fresh air I envisaged, he has gone missing when the nation needs him to bury Brexit #PeoplesVote
Thread!
Yes, you're such a strong remains supporter that you're happy to publicly declare you'd rather support Brexit. Putin signs your pay check for being divisive. He is effectively dividing the EU. He's achieving his goals. Are you helping?
And vulnerable to Russian attack!
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona | Opinion | The Guardian
Wow! What you say to this EU back PM on her Brexit deal whereas it is not backed by British people, who she is serving for?
San Andreas . Inspired choice by Channel 5 on the day Mrs May signed her Dodgy Deal . Watching the world literally falling apart . Surprisingly cathartic. But where is Dwayne the Rock Johnson when we need him to rescue us from Brexit
Another day at the office tomorrow, hopefully another step closer to getting that bitches job!! #cantwait #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
WHO ARE THE TOMORROW PEOPLE? #SaturdayNight #happiness #love #experimental #MusicIsLife #musiclife #Resistance #music #video #musicvideo #Musiclover #England #optimistic #life #love #happiness #GTTO #Happiness #resist #GTTO #brexit #UK
sobering comment from 'Der Spiegel' today: maybe #Brexit is helpful to create the EU structures in defense, immigration and economy Britain has been opposing for years and make the UK aware of its true size and importance so it can come back as a true partner and not as a EU foe
No Brexit.
Cannot bear her. She's a Labour Theresa May. She knows the economics of the type of Brexit she's toured the country advocating are dire (and even worse for DV) but she's courting the xenophobia vote. Some of her speeches are utterly indistinguishable from the stuff May says.
I won’t be backing your parties attempt to stop it destroying itself but your job is to do what is best for the country not your party. And that is to revoke A50 and stop brexit. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #willofthepeople
Brexit has broken this country
Terry just lately your boardering on doom and gloom. I don’t agree that a new leader wouldn’t be able to carry the uk, but that depends on who was chosen I guess.
Hahahahahaha! So 2016 is for nothing! Thought as much when T.M. started her fandango dancing towards remain whilst singing Brexit means Brexit. At least her hubby and mates in the City are happy. Ohh and the Germans! They'll still be running things nicely for themselves.
Yes, May's deal or No Deal. #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit
Poll, please retweet: Do you think, Andrea Leadsom's brexit would be?
&gt;&gt; AND means we're still paying billions to the EU annually (little known fact by many is that the EU SNAFFLES (aka steals) 80% of the collected import duty imposed on our non-EU imports under CET: approx £4,000,000,000 pa currently. This is NOT Brexit in any valid sense.
Of course it has. Craven
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
BREXIT WARNING: Theresa May's deal will push Tory Brexiteers to vote for Jeremy Corbyn
Australia did just fine and Little New |Zealand , how does she manage to survive on her own and Brexit is happening , as it's been sign into law
If you want to review the #Brexit withdrawal agreement with the #EU
What a treat to get clarity on #Brexit from on #ABCNewsday, more coming up in 15 minutes with &amp; me on
Theresa May has compromised all the way with Remainers &amp; the EU over Brexit. Expect compromise on our fishing waters, Gibraltar &amp; N Ireland in the days ahead. Joint sovereignty could be the result of that need to compromise with Spain &amp; the Republic. Sharing is the EU mantra.
Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain cannot resist the allure of marginal power As much as we try to deny it, Britain is no longer the vast, powerful rich imperial and naval power it once was
Brilliant thread.
After #Brexit gets cancelled, can we all go back to talking about Kim Jong-Un and the possibility of WW3 please?
Well to be fair those on the remain side should not be expected to have the answers to Brexit. We know its a dumb idea and why it's a dumb idea. Our answer to all of it is "this is dumb let's not". The startling part is that Team Brexit has no fucking idea either.
Hello ! Didn't know brexit was sponsored by ! Good job ! Such a perfect way to fight against overweight, anyway :(
who lied, using illegal foreign money and fraudulent techniques to persuade them to vote for Brexit for false reasons. The referendum was therefore fraudulent and the result should not stand. Secondly, you describe your view that your deal works in the “national interest for
#Brexit The trouble is that Mrs May’s deal, inevitably, is a compromise, whereas Brexit has taken on the characteristics of a fundamentalist religion.
It's the Brexit effect. By Christmas, Katherine Johnson will only be 99 in England. By the end of March, she'll be 37...
He's as deluded as If he thinks this will deliver a proper #Brexit
Anna is absolutely correct. Brexit will destroy the party.
I swear if the plague returned you'd blame it on Brexit Simon. You can't shoehorn it into every news story. This has zero to do with us and you know that.
There's a very good chance Robin Stafford is a bot, trying to cause a split among people opposing Theresa May's hideous Brexit.
Brexit, an arson attack, and Mick McCarthy had everyone talking today - it's the news fix
Why pick the most ineffectual ways of destroying something? USE A SHREDDER FFS, letting the side down
Sorry Owen it's time you brexiteer MPs finally stood up properly against this traitorous woman, resigned the Tory whip and stood as an independent Brexit cibservative If 40 or so of you do that she will have to go abd so will that twat Hammond
And right at this moment, Putin decides to attack and seize 3 Ukrainian boats, capturing the crew. Tough times ahead. But this isn't 2014, Ukraine is ready for conflict.
Brexit 'not in long term economic interest of NI' Fixed your post there,Arlene.. via
Agree. Along with Brexit, we’re in a very dangerous time. I believe Putin is orchestrating so much of it.
Please explain how, if you'd been in his position, you would have stopped brexit.
The MSM has begun the lies trying to brainwash people into believing its a great deal and everyone agree,s. It will be the edited interview. I expect there were plenty of people that said bollocks to brexit, the deal and the conservatives. Dont believe the positive spin
This isn't our Brexit whatsoever. We voted to LEAVE and you're telling me we have to accept their rules? That's not leaving. A remainer has negotiated this with people who still want control over us. It's a disaster.
TRUMP BREXIT Sun, 25 Nov 2018 14:00:00 CST
May's Brexit disaster unreported by UK press: Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in WTO projects via
Face it. she has been anti-Brexit, even before the vote and has been vigorously working against it!
If you’re a Writer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
'Can I agree to placing our country into a state of legal &amp; economic limbo and impotence that could not be brought to an end unilaterally - an agreement in which long-term economic decisions are put off in order to secure only short-term certainty' #Brexit
You keep waiting to see what May comes up with so you can oppose it. What we actually want frim you is a clear and unambiguous opposition to Brexit, starting with its illegalities.
If the crack that represents EUR has been able to find 2 socks of the same color, surely he has signed a good agreement Brexit : les dirigeants de l'UE approuvent l'accord de retrait avec le Royaume-Uni via
Theresa May: The British people don’t want to spend any time arguing about Brexit. Me: We fucking do
Mueller time . Brexit time. Deflectors in chief at work.
"EU seals Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May" #youtube #feedly
May to face 'challenging' battle for backing Sent via
Absolutely- May not be a big deal for many colleagues but if the “deal” means we couldn’t ban live exports then I will have great difficulty supporting it.
He was ahead of his time with the #Brexit look.
There comes a time when you need greatness to resolve an issue and this is not one of them... #Brexit needs to go the other way ... call #ArtieFufkin of #PolymerRecords his results are immediate! #BrexitDeal #NoDealBrexit #EU #UKpolitics
You mean, no Brexit? Cause that’s what this appears to be.
‘Sigh’, this is not what we voted for, it’s not Brexit. It’s a form of colony. Deeply depressing. The will be destroyed at the next election.
Brexit means brexit. Leave means leave. You mean.
#Article13 #SaveYourInternet #EU #UK #Brexit Film Theory: All Your Memes Are DEAD! (Article 13) via
You are 100% not delivering on the referendum. You know that this isn’t the #Brexit that 17.4m ppl voted for. As a #Conservative member I am embarrassed that so many MPs don’t respect #Democracy Basically we will be ruled by the EU this is not taking back control #StandUp4Brexit
You do realise it’s a brexit rally you idiots
Jezza if you get behind NO BREXIT option you’ll be PM by Christmas. FFS man get behind it
A bad deal for the people that voted for Brexit, cost 60 Billion £, up from initial 40 billion £, no voting and still tied to EU. What’s the benefit?
No. This has nothing to do with your obsession with Islam, this is to do with her desire to deport a foreigner who had the temerity to speak in favour of Brexit
Another #Brexit effect: the best and brightest are choosing to go elsewhere. "ominous for the U.K., which already risks losing highly skilled scientists, soccer players and bankers after Brexit". via
fascinating...
It really is all about ending #freemovement - ‘once and for all’. Everything else will be more or less the same, if a little more complicated. #Brexit
Get her out! Install an independent negotiation panel to form a true Brexit! All politicians will always think of the end game and how to manoeuvre themselves into the best position possible, we will never get the Brexit we voted for this way
I appreciate making sure the original creator is credited for this.
I concur with that but we are 20 years past the GFA and we need to look forward not back. It also takes 2 maybe 3 to tangle all side are guilty some more than others. It’s long past time not to forget the past but park it and move on. #Think32 #Brexit
Would really appreciate your help covering Brexit, the world needs to know how badly the UK is about to suffer if this withdrawal agreement goes through.
And right she is! All the freedom we had will vanish. Well, for the English anyway. Scotland will be independent soon. #indy2 #scotref #DissolvetheUnion
In sadness, EU leaders approve Brexit deal
The PM has released a letter backing the #Brexit deal and it’s got a fraction of the retweets and likes and usually get. Guessing most people are thinking “am I bothered?”
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Bot. Funny how you're all pushing this angle on the very day May's Brexit was agreed.
Actually engagement is the only way forward. Our MLA s and MPs owe us that much. My point here is referenda can be ignored particularly if they are damaging to the country as a whole. If the point isn't lost on you then why support Brexit against the wishes of your electorate?
Still want Brexit but this is not what I voted for!!!
Brexit was an invention by the rich to make themselves even richer at the expense of those that they convinced to vote for it
Looks weak not having an opinion on the most important matter - but it helps them call it a Tory brexit and disown the consequences to an extent
Oh yay. A man has asked to join me at my table. That’s fine. He’s narrating with disbelief Brexit news. That’s not
It's certainly sold me on Brexit
There is a consensus that she is unstable and her motives are not defined as of yet. I have never trusted her since she and Milo planned to exploit the left. Where is she on Brexit, Banks, and Garage?
BREXIT: Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
EU leaders still hope for post-Brexit fishing access
It is one of the many contradictions of Brexit that Leavers both bemoan the lack of preparation for No Deal whilst screaming Project Fear at anyone discussing the issues requiring consideration as part of such preparation.
That's because you are not leaving. No deal now
Another Brexit philosopher enriches the evening...
More attacking Corbyn. They are all so frightened - never more than now when May has never been more useless and weak. It's too late. Corbyn's support has never been stronger and it continues to grow.
herself states that a major driver in the #Brexit referendum was immigration so she knows she does not have a mandate to sign up to the UN Migration Pact in Marrakech. It doesn't get much publicity in UK MSM but is a step in direction of migration as a human right
Britain’s Prime Minister Theresa May (C) and European Council President Donald Tusk (L) attend a special meeting of the European Council to endorse the draft Brexit withdrawal agreement and to…...
Terrific news for Poland. Tusk might want to reconsider his Brexit stance and re-establish what's really important for EU members.
The forecasts based on triggering article 50 immediately after the vote you mean? The economy followed a different trajectory but ended up in the same state thanks to #Brexit. Largest fall in living standards for 60 years thanks to voting Leave &amp; Tory austerity
Blue passports, Pink passports, now there's an idea! Who gives a toss. A proper European passport will be more useful than a post Brexit useless British passport, irrespective of shade, after 29/03/19 and that's for sure.
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Get on with Brexit because a greater threat is looming — a Corbyn Government
My sentiments exactly Layla, unfortunately the leavers feel it is Democratic to remain with the 2016 result, when, it is obvious to all that the electorate has changed the way it sees #Brexit - Have them look at the current polls of 98 cumulative polls
Twitter is awash with Brexit Butthurt. The funniest one I've seen today called it "A Remainers Brexit"...! Seriously.
I will not vote Labour again if you do not STOP Brexit.
that tie again, was it a gift from ? They like a bit of sarcasm! Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Question is now: how far is Putin willing to escalate? Does he take advantage of EU and U.K. distraction with #Brexit? Or has Russia accomplished enough by imposing a blockade and cutting off Ukraine’s south eastern ports?
....and they probably wrote it. She certainly didn't. #Brexit
TRUMP IS DEAD #TrumpIsADisgrace #fucktrump #music #video #RESIST #TrumpIsAMoron #musicvideo #BrexitShambles #TrumpCrimeFamily #BrexitBetrayal #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #brexit #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw #rebelscum #TrumpRussia #Trump
Unlike the United Kingdom, where a member state must ask and be granted permission to ask its people if they wish to leave.
"this is the only possible deal."ha ha ha you had so many years to write a good deal but it took to long to intrepid it from French to english
Thread &amp; replies which are important to read Shocking
Taking back control of our laws? Professor Mark Elliott doesn't think so.
. delivers a scathing response to ’s open letter on the #Brexit deal #SacktheBrexitDeal
This thread has done a good job of tracking down a lot of the ghoulish stuff New Labour liked to say about immigration, some of which I've noted previously.
This is absolutely incredible. Even the appalling Daily Mail now running stories on the dreadful risks that the #Brexit #liars #cheats and morons would have the UK exposed to.
From what I understand with this WA the EU are holding all the cards.
The latest The Celebrity Daily! Thanks to #news #brexit
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit. While EU leaders mourned a "sad day" in the bloc's decades-long history, UK Prime Minister Theresa May disagreed, saying "I am full of optimism."
Have a look at my debate with a Leaver; I argue a second vote will REDUCE uncertainty we’d see in drawn-out negotiations of trade deal, by offering chance to lance the Brexit boil.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
France will come running up the channel tunnel that quick that the UK will tilt.When the Germany Army fueled by Britain's 39 billion invades France
#Brexit Politics. #From Simon Clarke Mp For Middlesborough.# Fish And FFL.
Well said jo. #nonutsleft in this country #letssticktogether x
‘Sigh’, this is not what we voted for, it’s not Brexit. It’s a form of colony. Deeply depressing. The will be destroyed at the next election.
Not the Irish, gibralterians or 16 million who voted remain. #PeoplesVote
The security and defence threat posed by May’s Brexit deal, writes Sir Richard Dearlove
We pay £39 billion a year to relinquish our immigration policy and 1/28 say over our own laws as opposed to 100%. All for the privilege of being able to work in Vilnius. Yes, it’s amazing Britain voted that away. #Brexit
transparent Dont give up the day job PS how's your social media cred?
Stupid twats. You will have no oil as well as no fish. Your EU imposed genuine austerity budget will mean you would all be completely fucked. 'Like Greece without the sun'
"Can I agree to placing our country into a state of legal and economic limbo and impotence that could not be brought to an end unilaterally - while opening a fresh period of parliamentary warfare over the best shape of the future relationship"? #Brexit
People still going like Brexit was ever going to be a real thing.
Its not brexit It's Noexit This Tory voter is going to UKIP
The #Brexit thing at its core really comes down to the UK slightly overestimating its current relevance while yearning for the empire days.
Blair gets Brexit way better than Corbyn for sure, he's spot on. However, baggage means many don't listen even though he speaks total sense
Time to take a break from #Brexit and relax. Even watching animals die horribly causes less stress. #dynasties
Nothing that those campaigning for Brexit assured people about has turned out to be true. It was done on a referendum so a 2nd referendum to accept or reject this deal, which has virtually nothing in common with what people thought they were voting for, would be fair
Coincidental this happens on the day if the brexit summit
SO sad......... #brexit BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
I'd take his word on it over No 10's.
No Chris. Not even heavy metal poisoning, explains Brexit.
Think the 48 thing is a red herring at the moment. It is about timing. When the deal is put to Parliament and if Mrs May loses, then several things may happen. She may resign, if not the 48 letters will be forthcoming. There could be a vote of no confidence in the government
Strong words which seem to be pretty accurate to me.
Brexit deal: The end of a loveless 46-year marriage
Rubbish
Oh oops I even agree with this man. All that needs to happen is Farridge to say something sensible and my disbelief will be complete. To quote John Lennon, “you say you want a revolution...”
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard -
UK "independence" = GOOD Scottish independence = BAD
This what people’s vote looks like. take note! #brexit #Strictly #PeoplesVote feel the burn tssssssssssst!
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Even now someone, somewhere is furiously typing away at an article linking Ashley being in the bottom two to Brexit and there not being a British dancer in that pairing... #Strictly
I’ll be getting very lathered up about this Brexit fiasco on Al Jazeera at 9pm and will be wearing a silver shirt with black polka dots to mark the occasion
Tweeting and retweeting utter bollocks does not make it right. You are betraying Brexit and you will pay at the next election. The deal is a sell out. You know it, we know it.
One more reason to #Breturn. "Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit"
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know about Brexit light.
MAY IS A DANGER TO THE U.K.
REVEALED: Secret Brexit 'Plan B' options drawn up by EU and Treasury if deal fails
Someone seems to have selective memory loss... 2014 #Indyref anyone? #ProjectFear #Brexit
"They" have accurately described brexit as a lose-lose situation.
Brexit deal latest: What will happen if UK Parliament REJECTS Theresa May's 'only deal'?
At this moment in time - yes. I cannot believe the quality of MPs in evidence from this #Brexit debacle. To say the majority have the intellect of morons would be denigrating morons. (More on this later...) #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
Unfortunately #Russia likes to pull these stunts when they think the West is preoccupied, like during negotiations over #Brexit, just before the #G20, etc. Why aren't the 3 #NATO countries bordering the #BlackSea protesting?
We had the vote and brexit won. Get over it.
He would be able to deliver Brexit in 45 minutes.
I feel I have been financially and politically raped. I feel I have been abused by this deal and the greens or whoever are opposing the conservatives and Labour better be prepared to step up. Both of you are truly abhorrent and used Brexit as a game.
Yes, the opposition is to blame for all the tory failures, lies, gaggings, deaths, in work poverty, homelessness, education crisis, health service destruction, cabinet resignations, scandal &amp; lets not forget brexit. Did I mention all the lies? Oh and the United Nations called.
Dan Hodges, Another White Flag Merchant.
Who gives two hoots about Hull!?
I can sum up Brexit with one single word - 'bigotry'. And there's never an excuse for bigotry.
In reality it does. The arguments you’re advancing actually validate the Leave case. And I notice that though you tweet obsessively about Brexit, it all seems to be in English, with nothing about Europe. Suggests you don’t know what you’re arguing for.
This week I will try and avoid anything to do with Trump or Brexit#tryingtostsysain
Only if he opposes Brexit and demands a #PeoplesVote
Yes that is why Brexit vote needs to be respected.
he's just a brexit guy trying to wind you because he hates you, no need for the soapbox
God god the replies the replies. We are a nation of fuckwits
We said ‘your Brexit’ was never achievable , what we are left with is what we have . You voted for it , this is what you got, so doesn’t wash to absolve yourself of blame.
"After months of sniping and wrangling, Theresa May and the other EU leaders moved into strict alignment to warn British MPs that their choice was between this deal and no deal." Wonder where this leaves Labour's "We'd get a better deal"
Pravda UK doing what it always does. A crowd of sycophants hoping for promotion to the big leagues or a nice piece of ermine!
Disaster capitalists and disaster Marxists, both trying to break Britain through Brexit and remake it in their image.
Brilliant piece by in Let's be on the lookout for the weaponising of the #grievance word &amp; call it's utterers out at each occasion.
Calling it a Brexit deal is a misnomer. It's a #BRINOSurrender
Interesting point here. You’d have to assume the swap lines stay open, but if things really got lairy that assumption would be tested. And would the Fed’s ones that kept EU banks afloat after 2008 be open in the same way?
It totally is. The country is already sick to bloody death of austerity and won't take much more either way. But Brexit will cost us jobs and investment making any attempt at recovery much harder, whoever takes charge.
Next summer's 'must read' book for the holidays......... #Brexit
Check out ’s Tweet:
Get real! They have given her a deal when even die-hards like you think she has made a pig's ear of #Brexit! What on earth were they going to do to sweeten today? Her mess, her red lines her deal! Get over it!
MRS MAY AND HER LIES. Its like we r going to WAR, We will WIN!! Problem is we r NOT gonna tell u how many will die. AND THATS THE BREXIT DEAL FOLKS.
Clueless. “I can negotiate in front of a mirror better than you.” Neither major party is giving the British public a choice. #makebelieveBrexit
#ukip? Jesus. Fascism indeed.
Its Treason...… and Will be seen in History as such
TRUMP IS DEAD #TrumpIsADisgrace #fucktrump #music #video #RESIST #TrumpIsAMoron #musicvideo #BrexitShambles #TrumpCrimeFamily #BrexitBetrayal #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #brexit #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw #rebelscum #TrumpRussia #Trump
'A sad day': European Union endorses Brexit deal
I fail to see how Brexit makes any difference. A handy excuse for republicans to agitate once again, who don't want to be part of a union of nations that is the UK which has common cultural, economic and social bonds but happy to be part of Unelected EU. Once again Brits out
It’s all a bit Brexit - their neighbour has a falconry
I was talking about junker, not Brexit. I don’t care your thoughts about Brexit.
That too. Win the seat of power, control the propaganda apparatus, and then fuck with Spain. And some people will never let a good idea die, so we're still doing it!
“I’m going to destroy your lives. You’ll thank me, later.” Theresa May: Prime Minister of Brexit. 2016-2018
The result of a democratic vote in the referendum is being completely disregarded. All the government intends to give is a version that keeps us under EU rules at vast cost. We voted leave and meant it!!!! The EU and free movement has put us in a completely unsustainable position
Didn't the EU approve the Brexit plan?
Have you thought about the brexiteers jacob Rees mogg, moving assets off shore, a millionaire who will not suffer through Brexit disaster....it is the young who will have to live with this folly way into the future, long after you’re dead!
EU endorses Brexit deal and warns: There's no better offer
One of the "Brexit" disasters is that 's has put people off the station's other broadcasts.
Never would have guessed this charade was pre planned.Think the hope is that we all have Brexit fatigue and won’t notice as we are sold down the river.Its not over yet!
I know I promised no more #Brexit tweets today, but this is music. One for those still trying to stop it. (Musicians are going to suffer badly from this closing of borders) Flash Mob - Ode an die Freude ( Ode to Joy ) Beethoven Symphony... via
A Tory that cares what people think regardless of brexit that is a first must be the season of goodwill
Spanish Bull Sanchez Gives Submissive Britain Permission to Brexit – Daily Stormer
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Not in my name.
Will the high court investigate the establishment for taking us into the EU breaking constitutional law?
Rubbish #DumptheDeal the question should be Remain vs Mays #BrexitShambles -
Prediction: #labour will abstain so #Tory govt will get their #brexit and UK leaves EU on 29 March. #scotgov seek #indyref2 which WM govt put to WM parliament who refuse. Beyond that, I’m at a loss, but imo it’s looking grim.
We know what it means. No Brexit. Kill the deal.
May’s Brexit may be: EU leaders endorse the contentious deal at emergency summit
She has capitulated. The UK will be a vassal state to the EU and that is what she is calling Brexit. She will be the most hated Prime Minister in history. No wonder Tony Blair is grinning.
Yes it does mean a vote well done. And a majority to instruct the govt. There’s no majority for her deal and apparently no deal either. Seems no brexit is the only option.
May’s Brexit may be: EU leaders endorse the contentious deal at emergency summit
May faces Brexit second of fact in parliament #News
It isn't about being squeaky clean. It's about understanding the idea that people who voted for brexit want change. A large portion of the remain leadership want the status quo and have neither the interest or the will to change anything.
What a cockwomble
. As you appear to be supporting the withdrawal agreement could you state why and how you disagree with Julia's analysis
Here's what Macron has said about fishing access. He's stating clearly the UK gets no trading deal unless existing fishing access is guaranteed. Only one thing can save Ruth's Tories. A No Deal Brexit.
Cabbage talk.
I’m not exactly thrilled that Brexit is happening, but let’s face it, it is. So how about we all pull together and try to create something positive! Negativity only breeds negativity! C’mon the Brits!
Oh no they won’t! No Brexit!
The people who have the Intel are too busy briefing heads of gov't to talk to reporters. One thing for certain is with Trump as POTUS and Teresa May in Brexit crisis mode the Western Democracies will not speak with one voice
One senior insider noted: 'As things stand, a People’s Vote is gaining traction and seems the likelier option...'
Well, the Irish PM was happy enough to explain that in the event of a hard Brexit, the EU would probably require the Irish to establish a hard border. It appears obligations only work one way, as both Ireland and the EU are signatories to the GFA.
Na..ta, raither have the footy..
Theresa May’s open letter to the nation on Brexit promises a campaign with heart and soul If she lands a victory, she will have sold that soul to her survivalist instincts, and saddled Britain with a Brexit deal almost nobody other than herself want
I'm not sure how him coming out for Brexit...the only likely shift...
And when you are asked this question next, say “A Brexit-maker.” The houses that he makes last till doomsday. (Hamlet, Act 5, Scene 1)
No because it is NOT #brexit
#Brexit so, we’re buggered. Please stop the betrayal of the U.K. We are now in a worse place than if we stayed in the E.U. They have played a blinder and Mrs May has capitulated. I am really scared for the U.K. now....
Well we all need to be stockpiling our own supplies then. No one wants No Deal but can we really have any confidence in this govt that we wont get it anyway, because of their incompetence?
She's a born liar ,don't believe anything that comes out of her gob.
And Corbyn asked for a "better Brexit." This has a good chance of Balkanizing the entire EU. The winners will be American industry via trade deals and the 1%.
The approval of Brexit marks the end of London's status of being the financial capital of the world -- meaning, the Cabal's control over the financial world has finally come to an end. BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Brexit makes yesterday’s man. No flavour of it can please him
Thanks to way Eu has behaved Norway EFTA is no longer a realistic option We want to leave this totalitarian club. We want a clean Brexit. We are not scared by propaganda coming from Big Business - who funded the remain campaign.
. the Isle of Wight voted strongly in favour of Leave. will be out of gov for decades at the next GE if you go along with this dreadful 'deal' which is nothing more than Remaining-with-our-hands-tied. Please resign the whip and vote against it. Thank you.
EU leaders seal Brexit deal, urge Britons to back May
This is the Endgame of the British Empire as we know it, to think of the country's in the commonwealth it ruled , to the regression that is, "little england" and Brexit. #EndDays
May telling people to back her #Brexit deal or be guilty of ripping thr UK apart sounds very victim blaming. Like the abusive husband about to beat his wife saying "you brought this on yourself" or the attacker saying not to struggle as it will only hurt more.
Nigel Farage slams Theresa May's bent Brexit deal she comes to sign (25N... via
The best advert to reject the #Brexit deal? European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker. “I don’t want to contemplate a no vote. I think there will be a yes vote.” #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #BrexitMeansBrexit
Well worth a read.
Bogus Brexit: Globalist Gloating Begins! Macron: Britain Will Surrender Fishing Waters!
I think you are a bit confused, it is a pro proper brexit march
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Can anyone work out the logic of this ? EU blackmail as punishment for historical imperialism. Weird
Thought she won &amp; Parliament got the sought-after due process?
Briefing by #PT following Special mtg on #Brexit #Article50 #Diplomacy140
i was being sarcastic.
Delingpole: Britain’s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
Relatively Accidental - A Black Comedy of Rock Music and Death by Jessika Jenvieve #Book #ebook #Fiction It won't stop Brexit but it will make you laugh Buy it Now ===&gt;&gt;&gt; #^#
Tony Blair speaking on Brexit, and on that topic far more trustworthy than those who want it the most but regularly fail to come up with anything that moves the debate. If you like being lied to, embrace just don't expect us to join the walk over the cliff.
Welcome to the madhouse ....
You won’t listen to advice from a man who, despite his past, has a far greater understanding of the complexities of Brexit than anyone on this thread, because you’re an idiot who fails to get the message that Tony Blair is sharing with you. Painful or pointless.
while uk leaders are focused on brexit ,, how did the labour MP get on at court of speeding , the one with the drug dealing son ?
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
Apart from being adamant about voting against this shit deal, Labour is absolutely useless. My money says, as bad as Brexit is for the Conservatives - they caused it, they own it, we all suffer because of them, Britain is destroyed - they'll rule for decades to come.
Unless, she's perhaps a secret genius. Could it be that she wanted a no-deal brexit and knew the best way to get it was offer parliament the shite she came up with? Well, probably not on the basis she's a) a remainer and b) as thick as whale omelet. Nice thought, though.
You should see the one being built for shoutey “no Brexit” megaphone man ...
Like no deal brexit
The Tories will always be tarnished by the Brexit fiasco at their hands. A legacy of incompetence and economic disaster. And then there is the Scottish Tories....
True thing #brexit #Prince #politics #journalism
Once #brexit is finalised, we, the right, can begin the systematic dismantlement of everything that the previous 2 or 3 generations worked so hard to pass on to us. Why are the left so angry about that? They're poor, they shouldn't have a say. #brexit #indyref2 #TheresaMaymustgo
Both of those countries are working on deals w the EU that, under May’s Brexit, will give them access to the UK which will not be reciprocated. So much control. If you consult a globe you’ll see that they’re not in Europe. If they were, they’d be in the EU.
This is Brexit Britain. Xenophobia and sexism. Unless we stop Brexit first
Then brexit MPs know what they must do and quickly is to get her out and replaced by a brexiteer charged with taking the whole of the UK out of the EU hard brexit no deal brexit anything's better than staying in this lamentable union
Of course we do its #Sovereignty ie take back control of money, laws, borders and trade. Nobody during the #refendum talked about #Backstop or subject to 500+ pages of legal text that will unconstitutionally bind #UK to be a #EU puppet. All we want is unconditional out.
We are behind you Jacob to be used and conned like we were with the Brexit Propaganda that you helped to spread. Sure you will fight the the corner for we plebs. Ask him if his EU office in Dublin is up and running yet.
"No-deal #Brexit wouldn’t just be a disaster for Scotland but also threatens integrity of the UK."
Fascinating dilemma for #Eastbourne MP : vote for May's #Brexit deal as he promised (even though most Leave voters don't like it) or side with his local &amp; national colleagues by voting against the deal &amp; for a #PeoplesVote. Settling down wiv me popcorn...
OH HERE WE GO, more #ProjectFear: this time, it's DRINKING WATER, chaps: you'll all be dying of thirst in the streets after #Brexit (that's if the Type 1 Diabetes or the empty supermarket shelves don't kill you first):
Most Goldman Sachs clients think Theresa May's Brexit deal will win parliament vote by via
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Yes we do. Most people voted for pro brexit parties at the 2017 election
if DUP get May off the hook they will deserve all they get
This utter piece of shit, that immediately confess he lied during the campaign after the referendum, said he'll keep his EU pension after "serving" as MEP is now suddenly anti-Brexit as well. Burn in fucking hell.
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
Alleged secret recording at #Number10 between 'Oily'Robbins and as they discuss their subterfuge to subjugate all UK-citizens as vassals to the evil EU-empire. #Robbins is so impressed he pays #May an appropriate compliment. #Brexit #Leave #Remain #MayMustGo
Not so false economics. Answer this question how much vaule/% of trade between NI - GB - NI has originated or is destined for other EU Countries? I put it at 50% + we lose this trade with a hard Brexit. #Think32 #Brexit
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her #Brexit dreams. #Conservatives #PeoplesVote
#AwfullyBritishBrexitLeavingGifts Brexit tins.
Hey there's a thought. Nobody can sort Brexit out so we should organise a game. Brexiteers v Remainers. Winner takes all. It's the only sensible option.
Has he actually spoken to Corbyn or his minions? Or just the rational ones? Final Say: Tony Blair claims Labour moving towards backing new Brexit referendum
This is not even close to Brexit.
May Writes 'Letter to the Nation' Begging for Brexit Deal Support
It is. It's the hardest possible Brexit that can be negotiated without totally screwing over Ireland. &amp; the EU won't do that even though the UK seems quite willing to do so.
and why are the British in Ukraine
I support #PeoplesVote. I support A50 being revoked. I support the EU ref being nullified. I support parliament overturning #Brexit. I support TM cancelling it. I support someone ousting TM and cancelling it. I don't give a shit HOW it's stopped - I just want it stopped. #Remain
That would be excellent if Hammond and Remain ministers and civil servants resigned. It will help us save Britain. I document how I would do it: I document attempts to overturn the Brexit vote: and here:
Wales will be less prosperous under Th May's draft Brexit deal, according to the first minister. C Jones said Wales received £600m a year from the EU &amp;exported 60% of its goods to Europe. The whole of the UK will be less prosperous.
#Torbay voted #LeaveEU by a ratio of about 2:1 so I'm really hoping our MP, will be voting against 's #Brexit plan tomorrow, and that all MP's remind her "No deal is better than a bad deal.". A Remainer should have never been in charge.
Let's not. Brexit means Brexit, not this sham.
Brexit is Brexit - that's enough political intrigue for one day.
Oh dear!
DON’T TRUST OUR PRIME MINISTER, THAT TREACHEROUS LIAR HAS SIGNED UP TO THE WIRST DEAL IN OUR HISTORY AND IS BORDERING ON CRIMINAL BEHAVIOUR AGAINST THE U.K.
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard via /r/worldnews
Alright Charlie. This though...
Utter crap. Harry this bulls*** is getting embarrassing now. Every project Fear prediction has so far Ben proved false. #brexit
Please listen and retweet the hell out of this.
Sorry Katya but probably as boring as the rest of Brexit.
Brexit
Because nobody would be negotiating anything. The choice would be remain or hard brexit. Do keep up Susannah.
Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit
Corbyn’s EU SNUB: Labour leader rejects Brussels pleas and pledges to BLOCK Brexit
I was very depressed after a weekend away with friends I've had since I was 15, now 70.They don't know anything other than BBC news,all politicians are the same,don't like that Nicola Sturgeon etc etc.Out of 6 people I was the only one who had a clue about brexit or anything else
What dead &amp; dying era do you mean? It seems aspirational, not actual. Brexit, neo-Nazi terrorist in Norway, Brazil's new potentate, &amp; everything that comes w/ Trumpism and the Autocrat in Chief, bias attacks surging, right-wing terrorism, Khashoggi cover-up, kids in cages, et al.
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
Another bot ! But this time fully controlled by the Civil Service. #Brexit
He is truly pathetic. Great Work Gina, please consider Independent #Scotland as your post #Brexit home. Here we appreciate strong women's voices
Endlessly burning question. What do people want now? Nobody seems to want to ask us though. No more democracy because: Democracy!
The UK news channels should currently be reporting the Russia/Ukraine situation, not Brexit or The Pledge. Massive story.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Let me be the first to say, what a cracking job Theresa May has done with Brexit
Brexit is the one thing right now, that can make or break the next PM. Stop it, and there is hope. May's deal is a capitulation leaving us tied to EU rules but having no say in them No deal will destroy trade until we can negotiate new deals.
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Mr Putin probably feels he is on the sidelines with Brexit and the Italians refusing to adhere to the Rules of the “Club”. A military “incident” always gets the media attention. The feeling of Christmas is approaching at breakneck speed!
Of course there were other reasons for the Brexit vote, but xenophobia and the related desire to cut the inflow of European immigrants was the main motive.
PM May feeling down right blue over her success. Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams | Politics | The Guardian
They could of actually backed the referendum though, then again the ones in charge did not back it, hence the mess, hence the no chance of actually getting a Brexit what we have is a remain remit but worse:
I'm a multiplatinum artist coming from Detroit to Hollywood. #NeverGiveUp #blackfriday2018 #MICHvsOS #SmallBusinessSaturday #OSUvsUM
Has anyone else reached the conclusion that you will vote at the next GE on the ethics and beliefs of your MP as opposed to what party they stand for ? If Brexit has done anything , its to show me Partisan voting should be consigned to the bin, and it’s all about the candidate.
Really wish they'd told May this date the election and saved us 18 months of waste and uncertainty
Why was this made on PowerPoint with autoshapes and default fonts
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
And as there is no appetite in parliament for a no deal #brexit there are 2 choices: vote for the deal or #Remain
Brexit madness as explained by The Blind Boy
Although I'm fiercely opposed to Brexit I've always thought you were a powerful speaker &amp; a passionate advocate for your position. In a democracy we should listen to all views with respect, &amp; challenge ideas/facts not people's background.
Just goes to show how much PM understood what drove the Brexit vote. Not a word about Sovereignty. “We’ll get away with giving up on exiting the SM/CU/ECJ if we give them immigration” They won’t notice what we slip in if it’s written on 5 zillion A4 papers. That’ll fool ‘em
“Crucially, it threatens the integrity of our United Kingdom. Outside the EU, other things will happen but we will avoid that because its full of foreigners. With Brexit, we haven’t been able to focus our energies on the many other important issues facing us here at home.”
Yes. It’s too soft. Hard Brexit right now.
The ‘whatever we think of next in an attempt to explain away the contradictions’ Brexit was very popular too.
Just a quick reminder to all the #Strictly fans. Russia is attacking Ukraine. There's no reason why you can't be entertained and informed. PS. They meddle in #Brexit Russia border guards rammed our tugboat, says Ukrainian navy
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn | Politics | The Guardian
No it is most definitely not #Brexit. It is tying what will be left of the UK into a subservient relationship with the EU.
No it won't half the UK johns are zero hour contracts. Most jobs are less than 16 hrs a week. And if your going on about jobs they are just about to sign the other pact open our borders world wide. Brexit no deal is now if it had not been before the only sensible solution.
Is brexit over now then? I mean, in terms of it being on tv, in social media, and in the news. Please let it be so #brexit #goodgrief
Cambridge analytics voted for brexit
Straw poll conference last week while we were waiting for to arrive. Among &gt; 500 delegates with good mix of GPs, hospital consultants, junior doctors &amp; medical students: No deal 5% May’s deal 5% No Brexit 90%
Split?.. No Sir, even more resolved to remove this government if it doesn’t remove its treacherous PM.
It was all lies basically
...Of course, post-Brexit, if you find yourself in some god-forsaken country at the edge of the world and the UK hasn't got an embassy there, but the French have one, you'll no longer be able to ask them for help. #BrexitMeansBrexit
I've changed my mind, I want to leave now. It's the only way to get away from the embarrassment of this.
The latest The Mumsnet Peterborough Daily! Thanks to #bbloggers #brexit
This is brexit reality
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
What has UK done to prepare for Brexit? How dare you question the plan ! Dominic Raab has been to Dover and ascertained what was previously only rumour, that Britain is indeed an island, moreover one that is inconveniently and unfairly surrounded by water on ALL SIDES
BREAKING NEWS FEMI ADMITS MISTAKE. BUT NOT ABOUT FUCKING MIGRANTS OVER
How do you know Steve you weren't even there. We all know you are the brexit puppet and now you are proving it. #resign #brexit #BrexitBetrayal
Brexit has become a deal where neither side of the arguement are happy but strangely it does quite accurately reflect the referendum result- I think that might be ever so ironic
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal | Politics | The Guardian
‘No brexit at all’, TM had this stance under her sleeve with the support of the establishment... too late to complain fellas. Tories and Blairites 2 sides of the same coin, hopefully ppl learn from this serious mistake of trusting them
The only person negotiating May's brexit deal was civil servant Robbins. We had a people's vote. You lodt
No weekend blog as Brexit took second place to beating an eight year old girl at Mario Kart.
People will keep voting as long as they still believe in Democracy. In the UK, Brexit is making it clear to the half that voted out, that Democracy doesn't exist. If the vote means nothing, then what's the point of taxes? A Licence Fee tax revolt would be good for starters.
Hey UK; so guess now's a good a time as any to go off the Brexit cliff, eh? Don't ask for any help if the Russians get closer to ya though. You're on your own.
Get voting!!! Your favourites need you!!!
Wouldn't like it one bit. Yet it's an improvement over voting for A50 and the implausible "jobs first" Brexit line they pushed at the GE.
Is the PM thinking, if I get a deal that is so bad, no one will vote for it, leaving parliament to choose between no deal or no brexit. Either way, they can't blame me for the outcome? But will set me up for a job in Brussels after.
Barclay is of course after his Knighthood from May as a reward for not telling the truth about her disastrous Brexit " Deal"
Sterling (GBP) Week Ahead: Brexit Battle Has Only Just Started for PM May -
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
The ways this woman arrogantly speaks on behalf of the "British People" as if she has a clue or even cares what they think. Paraphrased it means," Just accept my mince and let me sell you down the river!"
"Has the prime minister actually bargained away, without telling us, some of those assets to our national security in a manner that could weaken Five Eyes and our partnership with the US? The documents suggest that is so" #Brexit
We swear to never turn up We swear to ensure nobody else will take seats we can win We Swear we will ensure #UniversalCredit stays We Swear we will ensure #Brexit No nae never shall we turn up
The Borg arrive on Monday, The Daleks follow on, Close encounters happen, Godzillas gone and won, And Treesa May keeps giving, Gibralter, fish and bits, To Europe's very finest, But her Britons, treats like shit. #BackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit #GTTO
#MakeBritainGreatAgain Pursue an #Unconditional #Brexit #NoDeal
"A sad and tragic moment" says Juncker. And that's if the #brexit deal is approved by the UK Parliament...
Cos Nigel Farage and B. Johnson are twats that spread nothing but lies to mislead the British people in this mess that is going to do nothing but harm everything and everyone this country has fought so hard to build over the years.
Did he vote for Brexit?
The millionaire brexit elites were able to convince 17.4 million people that the UK was a rule-taker from the EU - which #Remain voters knew was not the case. Now, to keep her job, we get a "hokey-cokey lets keep the tory party together" brexit &amp; become "rule-takers from the EU.
WTO is a minefield and we have no detectors!
Everyone in UK or nearly everyone saying this Brexit deal is a bad deal. Well there is no good deal there never was the eurosceptics told us lies there is no pot of gold or British Empire 2 this is it this is Brexit take it or leave it says the EU we better start believing.
yeah that one. That's the one I want. No Brexit.
Am not sure I agree that Theresa May is a decent person (which he said later in this interview) but Tony Blair talks more sense on #Brexit than anyone else.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
The EU’s take-it-or-leave-it stand on Brexit doesn’t bode well for Italy’s populist government, locked in a standoff with Brussels over its spending push käyttäjältä
52% in the UK. What a #Brexit-worthy figure...
Ironic that this Brexit deal was signed today, Christ the King Sunday, created by Pious XI in 1925 as an commentary against nationalism, secularism, emphasizing His dominion over everything He create.
Fuck moaning leavers. Let’s just vote this deal down and stay in the EU. #BrexitDeal #brexit
All the lies &amp; promises just to satisfy your twisted ideology! You will not get your way, it'll be either TM's deal or NO BREXIT. And you'll be left as the powerless back bencher you are. But with a healthy dose of egg on your face
And so it begins
The point is there was a chance after the Ref to get a *relatively* consensual soft Brexit. As I say, glad she failed...
Scrap Brexit. There. I just solved everything.
Of course I need not give up. Surely, Parliament will not vote Theresa May's Brexit deal through.
Brexit is a dead duck. Maybe you should reconsider your ludicrous position.
"This is a good deal &amp; we wish it to be approved as it was negotiated": #Portugal #Diplomacy140 #Brexit
And let’s be clear, the decision facing us is between the Brexit that is on offer, or the arrangements that we have already got. Now that Brexit is real, it’s time for the people to decide if it’s what they want #PeoplesVote
It seems likely that an outcome of Brexit is that immigration from Europe gets replaced by immigration from Asia and Africa. I wonder what the UKIPers make of that.
Maybe they can come back and sort out Brexit.
“I will be campaigning with my heart and soul to deliver this Brexit deal, that finally lets me remove from the United Kingdom all foreign looking people.” I’m sure my interpretation is correct.
Brexit is just a sideshow. A bigger danger for the European Union looms from the east
This is actually probably true bc if labour hadn't done so well in 17 (which they wouldn't have done w/o Corbyn) the Tories would not have to listen to the dup and hard right of their party
so this just showed up on my FB page...
I’m agreeing with #Abbott strange times indeed #brexit #LosersVote
My guess is that next summer - when people suddenly discover that the European holidays they’ve all taken for granted are difficult - is the moment shock and awe about the great Brexit mistake will set in. That and the nursing and care crisis next winter. Oh dear.
Check out ’s Tweet:
Tbf I think the one conclusion we can draw about Femi from this is that he’d be hopeless at destroying any evidence before the police turn up. SHRED BEFORE BURNING FFS
How things have changed from when she said what she believed was right for the UK = #Remain
Shut it traitor!!!!! UKIP will rally all anti EU MEPS and push this deal back from the EU parliament. Support brexit or get out of my country!
Oppose #brexit please! #PeoplesVote
Literally a fact that Labour's policy includes a people's vote
The man is lying.
Ann, as Mr. Adams has blocked me for calling the PM's BREXIT sellout a crock of shite, can you ask him what his opinion of his heroine blocking Asia Bibi gaining refuge in the UK is? P.S. I realise my reference to the agreement is extreme, but to call it less would be a cop out.
Brexit? Ou Mistakit?
Quite right. Next step, bury the whole sorry business of Brexit.
Alan Sugar takes aim at Jacob Rees-Mogg and Boris Johnson over Brexit | Metro News
Brexit is a terrible mistake. An error the size of a train. It is a sad and tragic decision. #Brexit
I’m trying to break down echo chambers and search for a shared language at - I argue a 2nd vote could lance the Brexit boil and shorten the uncertainty if we leave and have protracted trade talks that would bore/frustrate us.
Fraud unravels everything . Plus GE was a hung parliament so no mandate . IMP this is why had the GE: govt knew ref was won illegally . &amp; if &amp; stopped propping up the fraud they’d bring down Govt &amp; Brexit. #VotesLeaveBrokeTheLaw
Not sad but defiant: #TheresaMay makes case for #Brexit deal | Politics
More rocks ahead for Gibraltar in Brexit talks
#brexit #EUCO #michelbarnier #europeancouncil #chiefnegotiator #brussels #article50 #brussels #belgium @ Brussels
I've been saying this for ages, the Corbyn club just keep saying he's following party policy and playing the long game. I say bollocks, he just wants Brexit, any Brexit.
"senior insider" - I will come clean, thats me, and I deny I said it. Or, confirm who it is to prove it is not me?
Any comments ?
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
Nigel Farage - Theresa May Telling BREXIT Voters What They Want To Hear via
Now I understand the Labour leader's stance on Brexit. His chief advisor, Seumus Milne, seems to have a very left wing Leninist viewpoint seeking to undermine the Capitalist states with a new brand of socialism. Brexit just gets in the way. He advises Corby. Very scary
But certainly will always be with you. #KimLip #Kohli #Xukun #Strictly #YUQI #Brexit
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
The problem with your no deal scenario is the same as Theresa Mays brexit one ,parliament will not allow either happen
Just watched save the day in #SanAndreas ... would he do the same with #brexit ? Couldn’t hurt to ask...
EU leaders approve Brexit deal
Think its fairly obvious the only brexit that westminster will allow is one of the upmost damage to the uk. Id just put those hopes aside and start placing foundations for indy including possible future eu trade deals. The eu has no intention of cutting you off. Its trade.
So we are no longer a democracy is what you are saying. We can no longer decide to change our direction &amp; our future. Democracy joins truth &amp; decency in being ditched to achieve your Brexit project.
The latest The Navy Campaign Daily! Thanks to #brexit #marr
Don’t tease me! My nerves are shot after 2 years of endless Brexit.
I'm not reading that cretinous garbage, but I noticed the headline accusation is "unwittingly advancing the Kremlin's agenda". Well that could be said of a political party that had delivered brexit, specifically the Conservatives.
the tweet below is insulting on so many levels, assumes that those who voted #leave were too thick to understand what they voted for, therefore by default assuming it was only the ‘racist working class’ who voted for it! Insulting to all #leave voters
Looking at #Brexit comments from Leave supporting Tories about 'betrayal' of current deal shows exactly why 'Leave' figureheads have simply walked away - it was based on a lie that we, in a globally connected world, could simply take back control. It was &amp; remains a fantasy.
You should check your head mate, and definitely look at the facts, see what experts have to say, business owners, van drivers, shop owners. it's not just my opinion. Brexit is a disaster.
To be fair, I saw the video of Mr Blobby commenting on #Brexit and he made more coherent sense than #May.
Brexit is Westie's fault, confirmed
. - putting an end to the free movement of #British citizens throughout the rest of #Europe. #Brexit
Oh no! won’t support #Brexit in any form ever! Well, I for one find my decades long belief in independence well and truly shaken by that revelation. Maybe can come to my rescue...
We had PM May at the helm of negotiations, who never fully grasped the 'Brexit prize' with her chequers plan. David Davis and Dominic Raab were put in the play pen instantly, but theyrecognised the flaws.
Brexit is just as full of bull as these were when they were alive! However, it offers opportunities for us in exploring new markets and food sources. Hopefully we will expand our food empire off the back of Brexit. Heavs still hoping for some recognition of all her work on this!
Pretending to be stupid - #Brexit (by definition stupid)
Well said,Rachel!
If that's good for Britain, let's kick #Brexit into the long grass! One should have the gall to do what's good for the UK, instead of being politically correct and driving the country to national suicide!
Thank you for sharing your letter to PM. I am writing mine 2! We need a mass #LettersToPM campaign this week to show to Cabinet Office “War Room” depth of anger &amp; opposition #PeoplesVote
To take mind of Brexit, I have defrosted the freezer... and cleaned the oven. Now reading about Ukraine... off to polish the roof.
Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit
Ah Sally. You like to see people dying of cancer. That's lovely. That's why you're so happy to get off on Pan European cancer research funded by the EU getting scrapped in UK universities. Love Brexit. Love cancer.
Just checking youve seen this
If EU is pushing the #BREXIT deal, it is garbage:
I think that video just about sums up where we are with Brexit
BORIS you may be very wrong leave without lifeboats because you put UK on the iceberg..
Almost 500k homeless, huge number of poverty related deaths, massive increase in foodbanks and a Brexit that robs our children/grandchildren of their future. You have to ask yourself - why are the masses not taking to the streets to bring about serious political &amp; social change?
the portuguese president just really referred to Brexit as a divorce between the UK and the EU. lmao
HOW are we supposed to still believe this insane bunkum?
Tony Blair can fuck right off.
So, will you be voting for or against Mrs May's deal? #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit
It will be more than this: my children and the children of my friends who never wanted to leave, will be rejoining at some point in the future. If they can't get politicians to do this for them, then they will become the politicians who do this. Brexit is NOT permanent.
The Borg arrive on Monday, The Daleks follow on, Close encounters happen, Godzillas gone and won, And Treesa May keeps giving, Gibralter, fish and bits, To Europe's very finest, But her Britons, treats like shit. #BackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit #GTTO
Please sign!
And tell us David what legal tentacles are detrimental to ORDINARY people, not talking about the very rich who have the most to gain from Brexit
Stalemate, the Brexit of competition football.
I didn’t say it had to do with brexit I just said they’d gone home
Oh, that’s pretty conclusive then...
Theresa May's deal is so bad she appeals for Britons to back it out of boredom. So that has been the strategy all along - bore us out of Brexit.
I wondered when you'd get to that. There is no Majority for any option especially not leaving. We will leave on 29 Mar 2019 unless Parliament can agree on a more sensible solution. Remainers are pinning their hopes now on no brexit cos all other options are rapidly diminishing.
If only we could get the remainers out. And have a brexit pm in.
I take your point about denial on the left, but we are perfectly happy saying the people were wrong about Brexit. Is it any different to say they're wrong about who would make a better prime minister?
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
After today we all agreed on one thing. #England is leaving the #EuropeanUnion with or without #BrexitDeal. There is no #planB #Brexit #EU #unitedkingdom #uk #May #Macron #Rutte #Merkel
Being called a vassal state of the EU was why the Brits voted to leave. What were you expecting? The UK won't have the same rights and got nothing to say anymore. That is what the Brexit is about. If anyone still believes the hard Brexit is better, go read a newspaper.
Theresa May, "Brexit means BrexIN" The moment Brexit vote passed their tactic became Delay, Derail &amp; Debase the Deal....
Short &amp; sweet !
Couldn’t be more angry!
“In any negotiation you do not get everything you want” - Theresa May. What if you don’t get anything you want... because it’s ungettable - a fantasy? Is she delusional or deceitful? #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Negotiate a better Brexit? Jezza has decades of being hard anti-EU. Do you really think the EU27 will make concessions for him to soften the blow of Brexit which they will not offer May?
Explains how tories are fornicating the UK with Brexit! Tory donor ‘making profits from apartment block full of prostitutes’
Arlene Foster: If backstop isn't removed, Brexit deal won't get DUP support “Bin it, junk the backstop” – the hard-fought-for Irish assurance could be the reason the Brexit deal won’t be...
It has to do with manpower and the systems we use. If we go full brexit on March 29, nothing we agreed the day before will be any use until somebody agrees it. It won't be you or me. "We need a slick..process" is so easy to tweet but will take a tangible period of time to arrange
Xenophobia is a very basic human instinct that populists know how to use very well to achieve their objectives, in this case Brexit
A lot of treason out there.
pride themself in outing these lies out but much of Scotland reviles them for this crap.
it's just getting started. THIS just showed up
Get up-to-date for the week ahead with this new podcast episode: on the potential impact of a no-deal Brexit and more.
In 10 or 20 years when eu fully execute their plan to eradicate all monarchies in europe &amp; beyond, memories of not fulfilling #BrExit will be brought firmly to the fore in UK peoples' lament. Most politicians deeply hate royals, &amp; eu has plans at least 20 years old. Ask BAF.
Yes, welcome to ww3. If we don't get smart. And unfortunately, most #MPsFailingThePeople. Not you. But most.
My only fear is that they will use a defeat in the Commons as an excuse to stop Brexit altogether.
Why would she humiliate Britain like this? Lawyer savages Theresa May’s Brexit surrender
Corbyn is now facing a mass of resignations from his party membership.
I hope so Dominic, many are watching all our leave MPs now waiting to see their response to mays deal, we would expect our MPs to speak up in parliament and to the public. That way we’re being informed.
. : Brexit deal signed - now brace for an almighty flap with Brussels over fishing
where are you?
Brexit shambles seen MPs &amp; shadow MPs aimlessly faffing about for 2 years. Meanwhile tax paying, hard-working nation that funds the shower that is government/opposition carried on. Russia disgraceful - but for me the focus on Brexit shown how little influence you all have.
This response letter to 100% support from me! #BrexitShambles #BrexitReality #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Nonsense, Prime Minister. The 2016 advisory referendum was fraudulently won, with illegal offshore £. You have no obligation to abide by it. As every #Brexit scenario makes us worse off, your best action now would be to rescind Article 50 or have a #PeoplesVote. cc
THERESA MAY’s BREXIT PLAN B; “WAR WITH RUSSIA” as today UK Forces hit Russia in #Ukraine &amp; #Syria. #qanon
The coming Commons vote on May's Brexit deal will trumpet from the rooftops for all to hear and see just who are true and honest Brexiteers , and just who have been for so long some of the biggest and most noisy hypocrites in British Politics .
The latest The VeriSmart Dorset Bugle! Thanks to #brexit #eu
What an extraordinarily inaccurate intervention by #andrewmarr . Has he never heard of Williams I and III, Henry VII or James I? TB dealt with it well but such a load of Brexit Bollox from the Corporation which is taking the name.
I agree with everything you say. However, Brexit will make this situation ten times worse and ordinary working people will be the people who suffer most. I still think that it will be very difficult to gain a majority in Parliament for #GeneralElectionNow.
I don't have to believe when the government very own health secretary doesn't guareentee our NHS will have the ability to maintain such provisions for the matter of our future.
The latest The JohandeWitt Daily! Thanks to #brexit #scheepsafbraak
I’m sure your constituents will just love no deal brexit Caroline. You’ll be able to watch them starving, which may be a good lesson for you to learn about playing with fire. You encouraged Wee-Smug and the other facist headbangers, so please don’t whine now!
Absolute rubbish. See this thread:-
shows nothing but contempt for: EU immigrants NHS staff #Windrush generation Benefit Claimants Police Teachers #Grenfell ...people who she’s dramatically let down,yet she’s asking them to support her shitty #Brexit deal?! P*** right off! #BrexitShambles #ToriesOut
Looks like a routine Murdoch media hatchet job to me. May’s dogged Brexit pursuit is doing Putin’s bidding.
#Brexit Politics. #From Simon Clarke Mp For Middlesborough.# Fish And FFL.
"May is irrelevant." In what way is the PM, who benefited more from Brexit than anyone else, irrelevant? I get that you're angry that Corbyn couldn't stop May from wrecking the country, but to argue that he's at fault for her fecklessness is not serious.
EU Approves Brexit Deal - I'm Back to Hiding Under the Table (THE SAAD TRUTH_793):
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
I have no problem with people putting forward constructive arguments against Brexit, but to ignorantly dismiss genuine concerns that 100,000 children could go hungry this Christmas because of Universal Credit, is completely unacceptable and selfish
Maybe you're just luckier with the people you know.......
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
So, so true, - it's the natural role and IMO the responsibility of CyclingUK to put shoulder back to the wheel. Even more so given Brexit uncertainty - we need all the more to import best European practice and influence policy.
Brown who cocked up during the banking crisis and Major who enabled Maastricht. Blair who delivered prosperity to the UK and May who is delivering Brexit These polls are a fucking joke.
Call it, "Just another undemocratic fascist traitor" with an introduction by Amber Turin Bilderberg fascist traitor Rudd, on sake for 50p in Tesco. #Brexit
Brexit Is Dead: A Wave of Anger Crashes over Britain via
yes, except that THIS just happened
Please sing &amp; RT! Theresa May MP: Lee Rigby's killers never to receive a penny in compensation. - Sign the Petition! via #Brexit
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard via /r/worldnews
Of course Russia is being aggressive now, as U.S. Congress is about to have a controlled chamber and UK Conservative Party is having Brexit struggles it’s a win-win for Putin. He either gains hegemony or helps the destabilizing parties in opposing him.
This is great. Turn the sound up.
When #May got stuck in the Commons she began to shout, You Brexiteers and Remainers won't get what you want if you don't help me out. #brexit
Brexit will be a disaster for the UK. The election had many irregularities, including Russian interference.
We did all that, even in Byron's time. Forcing people into something they are not (A Union), then former USSR &amp; Yugoslavia tell the message. Hitler also desired it but failed. #Brexit #Newsnight #bbcpapers
I blame the cowardly so-called #Brexiteer #MPs.
I don't understand it. Its not a compromise. Its a sh*tshow. Its what she wants, she wants an end to FOM. My family live in the EU, I live in Scotland. There is not a single thing about her deal I can agree to or compromise on. #Brexit
Next, whose chief exec Lord Wolfson was a prominent Brexit backer, is recalling its unicorn. How appropriate. "The horn on the Unicorn Multi Onesie is too long and could also cause entrapment."
The #UK needs to come together now politicians have clearly shown they cannot make descisions on #brexit This has to now go back to the people otherwise we will be locked in descisions made by #EU politicians and judiciary again. I think the vote will shock a few snowflakes.
Here's hoping!
“The Brexit deal is simply a damn-fool plan drawn up in response to the result of a referendum involving lies, illegality and foreign interference. ”
'Best deal possible'. Thats like having to eat only mouldy bread because you decided to boycott supermarkets - and mouldy bread is better than no food at all. Have some ruddy sense and stick with the supermarket. #brexit
According to part of the Brexit deal is that no children can watch new lion king in the first week of its release....
Because Appeaser May has virtually given it away.... Gibraltar: What's it got to do with Brexit?
Ask her about the crime that is #Brexit
#Macron Issues Veiled Threat on Post-Brexit Talks: #Brexit Update
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? On his connections t Russia, Trump, right wing politics far beyond Britain:
And though not true of all English, it certainly is one way to evoke petulant expostulations from those who are so inclined!
I speak only for myself. And I think Brexit is bonkers.
The British people don't want Brexit.. Stick it in your arse...and try to sell it to our people in the Uk ile tell you your fucked...oops plans upset RIGHT ON....MOVE FROM NUMBER 10 your obsolete Bye....jets go labour..a general election...soon as...or sooner..!!!!
What will happen to Dick and Angel after Brexit? #Escapetothechateau
BBCNEWS 12:07pm EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. EU leaders endorse UK Brexit deal at summit ', I
You are against this, but what are you actually ‘for’ regarding Europe? Listen to your members and all those who yearn for you to offer a real alternative to Brexit.
Who has hacked your account Donald? again? - there's no consensus for the deal, no support for no deal, so no Brexit is the only choice
May and labour both want brexit, no deal will fuck us over, so it’s a #PeoplesVote for me!
Surely to satisfy Brexiteers you should offer may support on her deal in return for a #PeoplesVote? That way Brexit and 'will of the people' will have been satisfied, and then an informed pub lic can decide if we accept the deal or Remain? All boxes will have been ticked!
Don't let the UK down Arlene, we are relying on you
Why Brexit? 40 reasons to back the Brexit deal: Here are the reasons why the deal negotiated by the Prime Minister is the right deal for the UK. #brexit #Brexitdeal
Fact is, the PM’s sacrifice of further sovereign interests in order to secure support for her conflicted &amp; disingenuous #Brexit, is a dangerous game for her to play, b/c at this juncture little separates horse-trading from criminal misconduct in publ. office - a jail-able offence
Theresa May: #Brexit #TheRoom #TommyWiseau #Scotchka #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #FBPE
It's something I've always believed in. Now will always be the time for me. One of these days it will, I hope, be the time for enough of you who are still happy for us to feed off the scraps of Westminster's gluttony too. Is May's Brexit your final...
Bizarre, but certainly not unexpected; The #DUP values their intransigence against all else. They nailed their colours to the Brexit mast and CANNOT decouple themselves from that decision, cannot admit they were wrong. It is pathetic, transparent, childish playground-level stuff
After 40 years of a heated marriage, the European Union and the United Kingdom sealed their historic divorce, warning the British MPs that there was no longer any question of amending the agreement on the #Brexit
well there goes 6.5million votes at the stroke of a keyboard! Silly man! #Stopbrexit #ABTV #peoplesVote #Finalsay
Why is he ignorant? Brexit will have zero effect on him or anybody else in the US.
Thread. #badboysofbrexit #stone #Mueller
No Brexit is not an option. No deal!
Farage slams Theresa May: #Brexit deal is worse than staying
I think it has already been squandered on Brexit
Absolutely this. So.. just sad...
What a farce - so a brexit without real exit!
You are heading down a different path now and need to direct that comment to a republican. We elect MEPs to Europe and the UK were at the forefront of making EU laws and backed the majority of them more so than other EU Countries. #Think32 #Brexit
#Brexit deal draft agreed by #EU at summit but the impossible task is still to come - #GBP up slightly in early trading., #UK
Lets not get behind her in any way, shape or form #MayMustGoNow which will be a big step forward in delivering a clean Brexit.
The BBC News web page say's this: "If MPs reject the deal, a number of things could happen - including leaving with no deal, an attempt to renegotiate or a general election." Why no mention of 'No Brexit' or a shame on you BBC...
WTO all the way. It's the only viable option. Weather the immidiate storm but come out of it a strong, independent nation trading with the world. That which does not kill us makes us stronger...
I think this shithouse Brexit deal will be voted through. Millions of angry people up &amp; down the land will do nothing &amp; the Tory shitshow will continue until 2022, by which time tens of thousands more people will be dead due to austerity, the UK being rudderless in the meantime.
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
“The increased fish caught in UK waters by UK boats in the hard Brexit scenario would be species such as blue whiting, herring and sand eels, Beukers-Stewart said: “There is not a huge appetite for these in the UK, to put it mildly.””
The sellout of our country by can still be stopped. This is not the Brexit that 17.4 million people voted for. MPs have a duty to reject it in the name of democracy of risk the political apathy of a generation.
o.o BBC News - Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means
I will never vote for Brexit regardless of the version being put forward. All brexit deals are worse than membership of the EU. In the event of a GE, then I'll only vote Labour if a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain is in the manifesto. #NotBuyingIt
And like magic the news directs away from May and #brexit seriously hope this doesn’t escalate
For interest here is David Davis, Owen Patterson and Shanker Singham head of Trade discussing such a model in the context of the potential US-UKdeal
You sir have written the single most awesome response to that poor excuse for a PM. Quite honestly its a shame we can’t somehow block brexit by way of no confidence in the government we have, they are an abomination they really are. Whose interests are they serving? Not ours!
A salvo from the East, that should remind us of the lunacy of Europe distracting itself with Brexit: Russia 'fires on and seizes Ukraine ships'
If Corbyn ever got to be the PM &amp; That abomination Brexit happened even though I’d be a migrant I’d be trying my luck to become a citizen somewhere else because this country wld be run into the ground they’d give money away hand over fist but not to where it shld go, then borrow
No never.... Her deal is not #Brexit!
#PeoplesVote - yes please, 2 yrs debating,public a bit more aware of what they're voting for &amp;given there was only 4% margin anyway. Otherwise we have an agreement from a PM no one voted for, on behalf of gov that majority didn't vote for, for a brexit majority didn't vote for
So why's Corbyn still sitting on fence over Brexit? He's on the same platform as May and all the Kippers
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and #Brexit: - Emmanuel… #News #Politics
You’re a more patient man than me, I’d have just walked out hoping they get completely fkd over by Brexit. They voted to remove the rights and freedoms of my kids, hell mend them!
We import from all of those countries already. Just not as much as we do from the EU where we can buy what we want with no tariffs or quotas, however to limit EU imports is a backwards step. A no deal Brexit is likely to put limits in place
It’s all very well The PM she saying she wants to move onto other issues besides brexit. But this is just the withdrawal/ transition agreement we have yet to negotiate the most important part, a trade agreement #brexit
Not even Tusk. Now showing: 'The Murder of Brexit in the Turd Degree'. #DitchTheDeal #DrainTheSwamp #BrexitBetrayal
Says the absent opposition party. Jog on. #WATON x
Mike, you have no arguments left. Wake up and smell the coffee. Brexit was a bad idea.
This.
Maybe because THIS just happened...
Being an English native speaker opens thousands of opportunities but the focus on English sadly limits input from outside the Anglo-Saxon world. #Brexit is a disaster because no leading politician ever took the pains to understand the culture of his/her EU counterparts.
I think that Mr Corbyn was the one who failed to ignite the working class, women and the middle class against the far right’s determination to support Brexit..
She has been the leader of the opposition on #brexit
May is gambling that the British people are bored with the ongoing tedium of Brexit and can’t wait to move on to the really scary bit, where their lives are turned upside down and every waking hour is spent in anxiety and fear. Hold on tight, it’s going to be sickening!
So nix Brexit. Duh. People you arent joining dont give you a say in their decision-making? Seems like an obvious conclusion in their part. Why should they exactly?
Actually they do and it would immediately be decried as Brexit In Name Only ..and still be preferred to May's offering by everyone
Also, just in response to the Brexit comparison, I found a lot of people saying, in effect, "Christians are entitled to their 'share' of recognition and resources where they're the majority, and we are entitled to sharia where we are."
TomsTechReviews Christmas Advert | The Truman Show 'End Scene' Parody via #ChristmasAdvert #Brexit #TrumanShow
See this #Centrists??
Nice find below. You should all be following . She's not the normal CNBC shit. She's proper
Grea
Problem for #TheresaMay is she framed the process for 2y as “no deal is better than bad deal”.Now that everyone calls out this deal to be “bad”, kind of hard to loose that frame- the math for many is then easy! Reminds of Cameron ‘renegotiated status’..it wasn’t pretty. #brexit
this is frightening ! #brexit
EU leaders okay Brexit deal with UK #NigerianTribune
Clearly you haven't heard about the AMAZING plan for a JOBS FIRST BREXIT. It's like Brexit but has none of the downsides.
Exactly so the question becomes: if lots of labour voters are remain, what does he want most, brexit or number 10?
get in on this thread. any following me knows i've been referencing farage, a lot, lately. Carol Cadwalladr goes into depth about the man i believe is at the center of everything that happened in 2015/2016 - in the UK and in the U.S.
Your right, and fools on here think they are agreeing with corbyn, who has shown no brexit strategy or policy, other than to oppose anything in the vain hope of snagging himself an election! Opposing May' s deal does not mean siding with corbyn.
Why are we listening to this liar? #WMD? #IRAQ #iraOnTheRunPardons #DrDavidKelly #Liar #subhuman
I'm sure it's bullshit. Currently writing about how UK government paid millions to an anti-Brexit think tank spreading fake news about UK's independence. I'll deal with this Conway idiot later if that's ok?
Wasn't there some kind of loophole- that if the majority doesn't agree (even though there was a vote)Brexit can be reversed? Is there a third option other then May or Corbyn for PM because 1 is hard Brexit &amp; the other limp Brexit.
#EU leaders endorse contentious #Brexit deal at emergency summit #UK
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
I wouldn't send this guy to buy a bag of chips never mind make momentous decisions. Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Vicar blasts #government over poverty, #austerity and #Brexit - “It breaks my heart that the most #vulnerable and #disadvantaged members of society will take the biggest hit from #Brexit . People's homes, jobs and communities are at risk “
As I am not totally understanding this whole thing, I thought and read somewhere the UK is making deals with China on trade on preps for its Brexit?
, 's article may be of interest even in a Canadian context, particularly as it references a Burkean interpretation of an MP's role as trustee for future generations, rather than as delegate for the present one.
Check out ’s Tweet:
When even the opposition failed to argue for the soft Brexit option, what did you expect May to do? This is a collective failure of UK democracy.
Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Gibraltar voted to stay. So it wasn’t Great Britain that voted for Brexit. It was England that did.
Brexit - US and China talking. US: "OMG, UK I love your idea where did you get it" "We just thought we shouldn't be giving up so much for the EU" China: "Vintage! So adorable." US and China: "That is the ugliest effing skirt I have ever seen"
The security and defence threat posed by May’s Brexit deal via
MUST SEE..........
I am anti brexit but no I won’t open a link to the mail on Sunday or accept it as a source...
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
I am gonna play this at 11pm on March 29th 2019 as Brexit occurs.
Perhaps Labour should “respect the result” of the last election and stop calling for another one. Unless they think the public might have changed its mind...
That is bollocks and you know it. As for doctors and nurses, if they left in a tantrum over Brexit, they were clearly in the wrong job anyway. Let's take in some of the highly skilled ones who aren't white Europeans. There will be no drugs shortages. We traded before the EU.
Just imagine a new government headed by Liam (Brexit easiest job of all) Fox or Boris (soggy bog roll) .......... I cannot sleep with such a nightmare floating round in my head. Right wing purgatory ! pun intended !
You are of course correct. TORY #Brexit threatens the UK. Economically, Socially and Politically. #Brexit, England's Brexit, has shown clearly #Scotland's Democratic Deficit, and Political Asymmetry in the UK. You are the mid-wife of Independence, Squeaky.
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
Well then it is time &amp; admitted that the UK will be far worse off under any form of Brexit than Remaining in the EU. Time to stand up for what is right rahther than sitting on the political fence for some short term political advantage! History will tell!
If she was really interested in Scotland thriving &amp; truly being independent then she would have embraced Brexit &amp; ensured that she got a good deal for Scotland instead of plotting with Sadiq Kahn &amp; Brussels
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
A long but fascinating (worrying?) read..... The Seven Deadly Sins in the draft Withdrawal Agreement - Briefings For Brexit
Make your mind up - you can’t have both - it’s either May or Brexit
British ministers, EU diplomats preparing secret 'Plan B' plan for Brexit via
One wonders what the Nixon Family would have made of the BREXIT debate?
Agreed. One of the many casualties of Brexit will be the Labour Party. It faces a very real risk of being destroyed for good. And it could so easily have avoided that.
On behalf of God Chose Leyla Ergun:To the Man Leyla Ergun loves xxxxxxxxxx whos name is not David or Boris: I pray that the brexit will go ahead smoothly, my love &lt;3 &lt;3 I Leyla Ergun am the...
Fishermen Betrayed: Macron Gloats UK Will Be Forced Into ‘Backstop’ Unless British Waters are Surrendered via All who feted Farage thinking Brexit was a done deal may think twice now. The real deal is Trump and MAGA.
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
I know so many Remain voters who would vote Leave now because of the dishonest scaremongering. The elitist establishment are proving so anti-democratic its frightening people. #brexit
Anyone still stupid enough to think leaving with no deal is a good idea shouldn’t be talking about brexit. The USA has said they will rob the U.K. blind so has china. The U.K. is irrelevant in the world as a single player.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Your job is to bring the Tories down thats why you were selected to represent your constituency. If you answered the selection cmte that you would vote with the Tories you wouldn't have been selected and you know it. Do the right thing stop brexit. #PeoplesVote
No but we ran out of common sense and sanity when we sent May to deal with #Brexit.
So, Brexit still fucked up my family's rights to live, work and study in the EU.
I’m struggling with something here: I can’t figure out why these people say what they say. Do they honestly think this is the truth - that this is a great deal; the best possible, or do they know it’s a bag of shit but have a reason to lie, and think they can get away with it?
One problem with referendums is that they reduce highly complicated matters to a simple yes or no. The most consequential example of our time is, of course, Brexit. Because the European Union is a...
BBCNEWS 12:08pm EU AGREES BHEXIT DEAL. Jean-Claude Juncker: This is the only deal possible; I EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Deal will sml...
Imagine May having the heart or brain to be able to put those kinds of words together.
Did PM not say on numerous occasions that a No Deal was preferable to a Bad Deal. Can this not be asked of PM on behalf of all us confused Brexit voters?
Is #Brexit in 2018 for the #UK like Dunkerque in 1940?
BREXIT is the political choice of the TORY party. They set the rules for the Referendum and they abused them to suit their own political dogma. As a result the UK is politically &amp; economically weakened This is the hallmark of Tory dogma, where nothing makes sense to the public
Brown who cocked up during the banking crisis and Major who enabled Maastricht. 2% Blair who delivered prosperity to the UK and May who is delivering Brexit 96% These polls are a joke.
“We don’t want a people’s vote we want Brexit delivered” your words, not mine. And this deal delivers Brexit as narrowly defined by the question in the actual referendum. As for the number of likes on your Tweets, do you think that’s a better measure than opinion polls?
This tweet by is one of the most popular in Ireland in the last hour
A dark day for the UK. Highly doubtful this will pass through UK parliament. It's not over 'til it's over Donald. The will of the UK people has been moving every day since more details of the consequences of Brexit emerge.
Yeah you don't have any credibility Iraq war....
Ironically my copy of this #brexit letter arrived without the adequate postage, incurring further charges for something I didn’t want in the first place.
Carson wanted a single Home Rule parliament ruling a United Ireland so unless you mean he is like Foster because she will see Brexit undermine the NI union with GB she is more like Craig who made the British cut off the 6 counties to create Northern Ireland
No Brexit for me thanks.
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard: #BreakingNews #WWBN
Sad case of remoaner disease.
Don’t talk rubbish Caroline. You’re on the wrong side of history as usual. We need our MPs to represent the electorate who now knowing the facts about a destructive Brexit wish to Remain as a majority. Please resign your seat as you no longer represent the majority of the voters
And because of Corbyn's inaction we're heading towards having to suffer that #Brexit fantasy. Who cares if Corbyn's can claim his hands are clean when he'll be standing in the aftermath of this shitshow - he'll be seen as just as culpable for not standing against it.
Despite her words, she will never do anything to #Brexit. To know a person, ignore what they say and believe the behaviour. IS strong, ruthless and wants to remain in the EU ensuring we NEVER leave. That’s the behaviour. Only can stop her. Do it!!
Dear Theresa May: a scathing response to Theresa May’s open letter on the Brexit deal
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Here, here!
‘It’s A Tragedy’: EU Approves Brexit Sellout ‘This is the deal, it’s the best possible and EU won’t change its fundamental position when it comes to this issue,’ EU chief Juncker says rbg 3 fold ret 10 neither will God
They don't forget to mention it, it is just a part of #ProjectFear to convince the British that they will be worse off than the other #EU27 post-Brexit ...the #EU are the bigger losers as losing Britain &amp; it's financial contribution are a BIG loss &amp; even bigger headache for them
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May’s Brexit deal – cartoon
well look what Santa might be bringing...
Spain Gets Guarantees on Gibraltar Before Endorsing Brexit Deal
Theresa May's Brexit deal plea 'letter to the nation' in full
Is this true ? Just so the you're desperately trying to protect can face reality! #FuckTheBrexitDeal #DissolveTheUnion
Theresa May to sign Brexit deal with EU leaders as her Cabinet plot to rip up her agreement
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
. Brexit is a mess entirely of the Conservative party's making. But let's pin it on Corbyn. The weather's been shit today. That's his fault as well.
Corbyn should fix his priorities rather than farting about he should be destroying May over Brexit
Pllleeaassseeee #StopBrexitNow
Its a farce and has been carrying on for too long incurring a lot of political damage along the way. They're acting as though Britain can weather any damage at taxpayers expense. It can't. Free movement has put us in an unsustainable condition and we must leave the EU.
Your heart? You don't have one.
Check out ’s Tweet:
Exactly
Brexit : Pros; we'll never have to pretend Britain is relevant ever again. Cons; Irish is our official EU language so we'll all have to practice a lot more.
Der Spiegel: #Brexit = Best of both worlds (for the EU)
I agree, Nigel, let's have a good hard Brexit that kills the Tory and UKIP parties off once and for all. Have a nice day.
Oh, Brexit irony!
IT's TREASON &amp; BETRAYAL
And that the Russians financed the Brexit propaganda, which is part of their strategy to destabilize the West.
And by that I mean *any* brexit. A pity then you've been absent for much of the past two years when it comes to brexit, rather than fighting for the interests of those abandoned by the government. Under such circumstances why should I vote for a Labour government lead by you?
Im really concerned that the Tories in Red still in the Labour party at Westminister will help get her shambolic brexit deal over the line. The time has come. Call #Indyref2 now please. #brexitshambles
Oppose #brexit please! #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Or you can remain in EU Hobson's choice #brexit
Chris the #brexit plan will fly through the commons, they are all spineless wankers in there
It’s NOT Brexit though. I think no deal is more likely to give the certainty that business needs.
First poll since #Brexit deal: voters want a new referendum
But didn’t Remainers tell us they will all be leaving the UK for sunnier climes in the #EU if #Brexit happens? Still waiting for them to toddle off. Happy to come and wave goodbye
She has no idea what we want and her party, the people and the country will pay the price for her dealing of Brexit when Corbyn is in #10! And believe me, we are angry enough to vote him in to teach politicians a lesson! The destruction of this country will all be down to her!!!
Do remember that the governments plans post-brexit are to take more food from the US. Where they have had to take romaine lettuce from the shelves because of contamination. Because the government allowed them to relax water testing regulations.
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal” | Coffee House
To all these people that want another #Brexit vote. It simply cannot happen. It would make a complete mockery of the whole voting system. Plus what would you do if the next vote was Leave? Request another vote? Yes it’s a mess right now, but ride the storm, we will be Ok
I have yet to hear the Prime Minister take a firm stance on the misuse of the term Plum Cake in Spain. Truly worried #Brexit will reduce our power to right this wrong.
May's Brexit Plan, Corbyn Denounces Deal as 'Miserable Failure' That Puts Ordinary People at Risk
The EU is like Hotel California... You can check out anytime you like but you can never leave #Brexit
You'd expect, at this point, tht Remainers wld all be eating humble pie in the realisation that Brexit foresight was delivering utopian paradise. Instead we've the polar opposite &amp; Remainers are supposed to feel good over a shambles of an attempted 1/2 way house 'deal". Err... no
suddenly brexit is less scary
You are a theif and despicable. This gives away control, gives away rights, makes us a vassal state, makes us subservient in pending trade negotiations, means this brexit draws on for years more. This takes the Great out of Britain . This is like losing a war. #peoplesvote
The security and defence threat posed by May’s Brexit deal via
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Best news on #Brexit in ages! #FBPE
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal –
‘Sigh’, this is not what we voted for, it’s not Brexit. It’s a form of colony. Deeply depressing. The will be destroyed at the next election.
Worth reading
Might be worth reading “Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum” the latest article in The Guardian published four hours ago, it shows the party is pondering the fundamental questions in regard to what happens when her deal is defeated.
Brexit
EU leaders seal Brexit deal, urge Britons to back May
makes explicit that Brexit is about controlling immigration, not much else. I wonder if she talked to many Leavers.
I once had the chance to go and live freely and accepted in London. I’m sad to see what happens to the UK because of fear and intolerance. #Brexit
Can I be #Brexit secretary next? #uk #leave #remain #indyref #England #Tory
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit -
Everyone has different versions of brexit. Boles version is not the one I want
Spanish TV programme currently claiming government believe Brexit terms beneficial for Spain in respect of Gibraltar. Either they are bluffing (or misguided) or May has sold Gibraltar short!
Did you vote for #Brexit ? That was also a terrible deal.
Wonder who spelt them words for ya... Iff you want brexit... Just fuck off and leave the north of Ireland behind with Éire... Are else give them a vote on there own future.....
Crimean war good enough to prevent brexit? asking for a friend
Jesus f***** weeps
#Brexit for me was never about party politics. I’m a life long #Labour voter but I don’t want a change of government yet. Get a brexteer to replace May get us out of the European Empire, then get a #Labour government in.
Brexit is a sham, a con, piss-taking of the most pungent an painful kind.
last chance for HM opposition to get out in front of this. Thus far you’ve been wholly complicit in the Govt’s ‘greatest act of democracy’ lie, allowing the Govt to enact this terrible fraud. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard
Too busy putting out Pro Brexit propaganda to report real news on time.
Who ever the 10% yes is then get back to school and If her deal does get accepted then be ready for the fucked up life she going to give you. There is no turning back and it is all your fault the guilt will live with you 10% forever
BREXIT
Les Miserables II - Nigel Farage and Madame Defarge are accused of incest as Brexit falters and Paris burns.
What a freaking mess. European "Union". "Brexit" May's "government". Net result of years of corruption.
The Secretary of State for Havering.
Remember that this guy is the same kind that gave us gamergate, brexit, and trump. They spread historical lies to further their social, political, and economic power.
Ooh look, a bandwagon, jump on ...
This is the thing, what is your alternative? A full on Minford style Brexit? What happens to all the factory workers and hospital staff? Who do we do trade deals with first and how long do they take?
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
So that must have been all of 5 seconds before the threats and bullying started from France, Germany &amp; Spain. I just wish we had some politicians in the UK with some guts to stand up to them. #Brino #Brexit
I’m curious to know what you think about the concept of a people’s vote should the Commons fail to support the Prime Minister’s proposed deal on Brexit?
The latest Daily Twitter Tidbits! #giants #brexit
Looks like your hair voted for a brexit from your head!!
Fantastic thread here folks
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Brexiteers like myself will not be satisfied until the UK gets the Brexit I voted for &amp; Theresa May's Brexit is not my idea of Brexit at all
And they won’t win a GE because they support Brexit. Against the wishes of more than half of the electorate.
strange how the anti-brexit march got free buses from across the country, it is like there is money invested from clandestine orgnisations to thwart brexit!! May probably paid for a few herself.
As Theresa May confirms the government’s single driving factor behind the Brexit ‘deal’ (it’s not a deal!) is ending Free Movement, here are some of the ways forward...
That's rubbish James.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona | Opinion | The Guardian
May &amp; the remainers have hijacked Brexit &amp; used it to nail GB to the EU indefinitely.
Yeah. It sucks because I don't any to suffer. At the same time, I know Brexit will hurt me, so I'm at the point of being so tired of trying to stop it all I'm like, "Fine, you want to burn the country down so bad, here's the lighter you screamed for, don't come crying to me."
Totally agree! Sky News in particular Adam Bolton very bias to Brexit, shows so much tonight, totally fake news, just as bbc, so many have stopped viewing Sky News as been Biased since Brexit vote?
Concerns about immigration is not racism. If you're not willing to analyse why so many voted Brexit, you're part of the reason the nation is becoming so divided. If you succeed in stopping Brexit, an anti-immigration party will grow as is happening all over Europe.
Theresa May: #Brexit #TheRoom #TommyWiseau #Scotchka #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #FBPE
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
sure and now there is this...
Not good. Not good at all. Happy with the Brexit deal but, if it's true, May needs to go for this decision.
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
So it seems to be a BREXSHORT !!!!!
and really, a better deal is possible under Labour. But Labour at the moment are completely anti-EU. Not in terms of Brexit, but in terms of economics. If you hate the EU, Labour is BY FAR your best vote. The ideologies are a complete clash
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues?
I agree. If post-#Brexit UK-EU disputes are to be settled by the ECJ (European Court of Justice), who do you think that they will rule in favour of, the #UK or #EU member states?
Why are we all so quick to complain; but o slow to get involved in making a difference? We must ALL unite, speak out &amp; not rely on others to make a difference w/ Brexit &amp; w/ showing support of the . Wishing everyone a blessed &amp; productive week ahead. God bless everyone.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
That matches the EU's view that they're getting the best of both worlds.
Thank you for your letter, but no thanks. Despite the years of #Brexit campaigning, i have not yet been shown an actual advantage that we didn't already posess - but many disadvantages.
The Conservatives. Making poor people who voted for Brexit out of desperation even poorer. #ZeroLeadership
I think Monsieur Petit Napoleon has more pressing issues he needs to be concerned with!
Someone come get the Brexit Sarri
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
#MayBot The biggest fool in all of this is David Davis He look a lacksidasical approach, never did his homework .. Remember the EU/UK negotiators where one side came prepared? The sectoral studies were all found to be copied and pasted An idiot!
Sell out. It'll be Sir James, next month, no doubt. #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
You know staying in the EU is best deal financially and economically, your deal will Just be a slow suicide but for our grandchildren! People did not vote to be made poor! Please STOP this Brexit madness, your deal is NOT in the national interest is it.
I'm sure many would like to know why she didn't take this deal to the EU in the first instance? #ChuckChequers why has she been so obstinate? I just perceive the Canada++++ crosses too many red lines of the other EU 27.
Am I bothered. Bring it on nothing could be worse that deal the muppet agreed, no wonder they were all grinning after she left.
Sounds Familiar...
The weird dichotomy of my timeline being split between outrage about #brexit and #scd. What a world we live in these days. #maybeanasteroidstrikewouldntbesobad
(BBC News):#Brexit: #UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal' : After 20 months of negotiations, EU leaders have given the UK's deal their blessing in Brussels. ..
You have been spending too much time listening to repetition of The Big Lie. Clearly it’s taken on elements of verisimilitude. Just remember, it’s a lie, no brexit is a good brexit. No deal is better than the deal we have now.
The backstop needs removed !
Speedy stuff lol
Brexit is the worst thing in history. History won’t be kind to those that led us into this mess...
Not all have the option of retiring abroad but shouldn't those who want to be able to? Every1 should have a roof over their head, food in their belly &amp; access to free education &amp; healthcare.This gvmt has done nothing but attack ordinary ppl &amp; their brexit will make matters worse
Great thread. This letter does not speak for me. I will never support Brexit &amp; hate the division &amp; disunity the referendum has engendered. I do not want my fellow EU citizens discriminated against. I want a Mueller-style inquiry. I want my country to prosper not die.
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
What a waste of 2+ years. Civil servants must be overjoyed with this work which will ultimately prove pointless as Parliament votes down the deal and then refuses a No Deal. Daft #Brexit
No we don't. We want out of this train wreck! Stop before it's too late. Ypur own (ex) brexit secretary says thos is a disaster and HE NEGOTIATED IT!!
And as a "Unionist" knows that the final outcome of #Brexit IS the sundering of the Four Kingdoms - ironic when she's sundered our Four Freedoms in the process. #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
No problem, a blind refusal to face reality will undoubtedly see Brexit success!
You are telling me that there were people who believed that Iraq was an active threat to the UK? Mind you, looking at Brexit it's possible?
Boris Johnson finally admits on BBC News we had control of our laws while in the EU | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
Got to agree Conservatives have blown any chance of Election for the next 2 rotas at least, the only way they survive is to change leader and deliver the Brexit the country voted for
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Oh, grow up Bill. "Treason May"..? Ffs. She can't flush the country down the financial toilet to appease a handful of zealous Brexit gammons still wailing ".. but.. but. We won. I WANT *MY* BREXIT!"
Oh yes we do! #Brexit the unbelievable panto
I didn't say everything was rosey. Although I personally feel a drop in the value of the pound is a good thing. Personally, i've been better off since Brexit. So you can tell me to panic all you like, on our level things are just fine. Working class people with a ballot box.
Yes....a lie
Given every other leadership candidate was to the right of Corbyn on immigration, and Cooper, Smith and Umunna all spoke out against freedom of movement, the idea they'd somehow be Remainiac heroes is just complete fantasy.
BBCNEWS 12:10pm EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. May: Confident we have achieved 'best deal possible" I EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Theresa May...
Let's see whether our MPs have the bottle now to say no!!
Because Brexit means Brexit, and we are going to make a Titanic success of it:
Bad deal for a brexit majority didn't vote for, from a government the majority didn't vote for proposed by a pm no voter had a choice in - how did such a great nation let itself get in such a mess?
Brexit will be a disaster...plain and simple.
Yes. Great. Almost free. What a way to live. Like Vichy France. #Brexit
Brexit has been awful. It’ll take a lot to heal wounds. All the money lost chasing the brexit dream should have been spent on some of UK’s most necessary services-instead we have public services in disarray, people more divided than ever &amp; a brexit that no one wants.
It's better to have no deal than the bad deal from May. No #Brexit is even worse.
The eight possible scenarios for #Brexit
Not even the Prime Minister of Britain,,,
AND you need to be looking for a future employment as tories will not be voted in next election
wheres your detailed brexit implementation plan then? at least she has one, its not worth the paper its written on, but better than having blind faith in you and your other dodgy and racist brexitmoaner !
#Brexit You're an absolutely pathetic excuse for a PM and this deal will Destroy the #Uk .
Like this? "France will force UK into backstop unless May grants fishing access. Macron gloats he will trap the UK in the backstop forever unless we give into his every demand starting with French boats having access to UK fishing waters"
If you’re a Teacher in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Good
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French ‘yellow vest’ protests and Brexit
All outlets have been focused on Brexit all day
This is such a sad testament to the failure of our representative democracy. The choice ought never to have been put to the people and doing so again is the definition of folly. We nd Labour to have done its job from the outset &amp; provide meaningful opposition to this Tory #brexit
“Despite the fact MPs, not voters, hold her fate in their hands in the coming weeks, she said she wanted to “speak directly to the British people” to sell the deal to the public.” That’ll be fun. We all know how great she is at speaking directly to people.
UKIP MEP #MargotParker on EU signing off Brexit deal (25Nov18) #TheresaMay #BBC #CCONservativePM...
Her oath as an MP is not to do harm. If you think brexit will be good for Doncaster, you are deluded. It will ruin it. She is knowingly making you poorer. Now how do you rate her?
We'll never see an government unless a #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain is in the manifesto. If you facilitate Brexit in any way, Labour will never get my vote again. I've voted Labour my whole life. Never voted another way.
I live in a Labour held marginal and voted Brexit . It turns out voting Leave was pure madness and without a #peoplesvote with a #remain option I will be devastated . The are finished
In spite of the Tory sh*tshow that lead is not impressive. Caroline aside the leaders for the PV lobby have often appeared arrogant and tainted by austerity politics. Second ref might well lead to more division, further racist attacks and, ironically, to a hard Brexit.
Cue Brexiteers crying betrayal once again. Simple questions for them: what did you think was going to happen to Gibraltar after Brexit? Why do you think there was a 96% Remain vote there? How big a part did Gibraltar pay in your decision to vote Leave?
Yes but they were conned. By lies, deceit and electoral law breaking. So how is that any kind of marker for democracy? Brexit ain't for the common man. It's for the tax avoiders, but millions don't realise it. Migration phobia whipped up by exploiters. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Totally agree.........!
What does a “better Brexit” look like?
tempted to join this Brexit Preppers group I found on FB
What a waste of 2+ years. Civil servants must be overjoyed with this no-doubt overpaid work which will ultimately prove pointless as Parliament votes down the deal and then refuses a No Deal. Daft #Brexit
I think the Australians have it right. Great work by again.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
Daddy Brexit
I fear that Brexit is going to split the conservative vote, which may very well see Corbyn in power. Notice how quiet he has been....
Pull the other one Dan the spurious arguments put forward over NI are designed to close all the doors except 1 that being Mays remain Brexit thats why the backstop was excepted so readily, dont blame brexiteers for the establishments duplicty, we are fully aware of this contrick.
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
She's not a safe pair of hands. Britain deserves much better. Time for someone who'll deliver the real Brexit. #Boris
''If I was a British citizen I would be deeply sad when imagining the life of my grandchildren'' I feel sorry for the Greek and Italian kids growing up under your odd jackboots.
Who's arguing...you in the mirror you with your self? It's not on...feasible...sorry back to your next plan...we want as you were...no Brexit...yes no Brexit..so scoot with the loot..or get the boot
Literally every time I turn the TV or radio on is on, defending Brexit deal. I am beginning to think he is the only person left in the Government. Give the man a job in the Cabinet.
They're lining up behind this deal because the UK is royally shafted and a slave/bitch to everyone for years to come ... WTO Brexit is the only way out of this mess ... Have some courage Vincent .... we're British and N Irish ... we can work through it ...
I agree . Therefore time for parliament to finalise the terms of Brexit and have a #PeoplesVote between those terms and remaining in the EU.
Hard brexit.Blackpool on holidays.
Where’s the ‘meaningful vote’? Theresa May trying to force through her disastrous deal. That’s not democracy, it’s a heist.
I personally favour a complete #Brexit and believe thats what the majority of people voted for. We all knew what we were leaving. China can trade with EU without having to take orders.
#TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #Brexit Well done Theresa, you've really got the EU on the ropes this time. You are INVINCIBLE.
Fantastic!!!!
Well he might be PM in February 19 ...
So now there’s a ‘Secret Brexit Plan B” leaked to the press. That’s what negotiations with the Brits is like. They’re always breaking deals before they’re even signed. Always an ‘out’ or ‘scheme’ they’re up to. They’ll blame the EU, Ireland or you and I. Every time. #brexitdeal
TomsTechReviews Christmas Advert | The Truman Show 'End Scene' Parody #ChristmasAdvert #Brexit #TrumanShow
Theresa May didn't get reaction she'd hoped for from desperate Brexit letter via
I’ve just come out of a 2-year coma. Can anyone fill me in on Brexit progress? I assume the EU have capitulated to all our demands, the trade deals with USA/China/Australia etc. are close to completion &amp; the extra cash saved is already flooding into the NHS? How exciting!
Exactly. We'd look pretty silly if we kick off #indyref2 because we're "being dragged out of EU against our will", only to find that the meaningful vote stops Brexit...
To all the people of the UK,Traitor May is lying to you.She has just given up anything that was left of YOUR rights in YOUR OWN are now destined to remain a VASSAL state in the eyes of the have been betrayed by YOUR BETTERS.BREXIT
Brexit deal: EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom | Europe| News and current affairs from around the continent | DW
Michiel needs some support here! Please like and retweet as Tiny Tim is calling in the brexit trolls.
The #Brexit explained in 2 seconds; IT'S SHITE ! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVoteNow
Recommended.
dont talk pish. It was a uk vote. How u think u wer got rid of becausevof all the snat lies about brexit and fairytale indy
I never said a UI would be bright and wonderful it shall be as good as what people make it. It has been good to chat to you who ever you are hope we can continue it again sometime have a good night. #Think32 #Brexit
Is this some sort of Brexit propaganda? - Charm = Theresa May etc etc #Charm #Brexit #Dynasties
WHEN YOU COMPARE THERESA MAY AND THE WAY SHE HANDLED THE BREXIT NEGOTIATIONS TO THE MAN IN ASO ROCK, EVERYTHING BECOMES CLEAR.
thought almost exactly the same thing - but with expletives.
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit - BBC News
Theresa Mays Brexit Deal is a complete utter shambles, really, it's not what people voted for. Let's wait for Parliament to vote down the deal. I cannot at this moment in time see how Theresa May is going to stay in office as PM. She's made a terribly wrong decision.
That will be excellent news
Dear PM, as you will lose vote in the commons, if you ever need a new Brexit secretary that actually has a backbone, please do not hesitate to contact me in case the Government is ousted for any reason
#AwfullyBritishBrexitLeavingGifts an MBE ... May Brexit End
Does Majestic Wine Have The Right Business Strategy For Brexit And Beyond? - Forbes Magazine
Sometimes politics involves saying to the people of the country, "sorry that can't be done." This isn't a reality TV show, they can't text in their weird requests and ask you to do it. #Brexit can't be delivered as sold
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Ridge: Labour MP attacks the #Brexit 'deal' signed off in Brussels today (25Nov18) #Ridge #SkyNews
I don’t like the way the UK as a whole is going. Brexit is a problem but I think the issues are much more than just that. Surely Indy2 will only create more uncertainty for Scotland, out of the UK and for a time at least out of the EU? I’d like to hear a Scott’s side?
Fake Brexit Deal Alarm Bells Already Ringing! via
You gave remain lukewarm support in the referendum and this partly responsible for this debacle. Brexit is undeliverable and if you try in government like May you will fail. Get off the fence now and support a better future for the many and not the few.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
We would win more if Brexit was cancelled.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and Brexit #Brexit #Telegraph
This is exactly what the EU wanted, to give us such a bad deal, it will force parliament to choose to stay in the EU, rather than take the risk of leaving with no deal. They've basically plotted with high profile remainers to sabotage brexit.
If Parliament doesn't pass Theresa May's Brexit deal, what happens?
It's Failure Bus's Fault We Didn't Learn From Brexit
to Brexit or not to Brexit.... :-)
It’s hard to find sympathy even for my own country, knowing that we actively chose for it. We’ve made our Brexit bed and we have to lie in it.
Most people in the United kingdom want #brexit that was all,what was voted for. It's either not going to happen and it will be forgotten or it's not going to happen and there'll be serious unrest. Always been the aim imo. If there's no unrest,they'll provoke by other means.
Are you simple? Come together over this Conservative Party excrement? I’ll vote Corbyn, thx. There’s a chance of Brexit with him.
Thanks for looking, I heard otherwise and in the recent treaty negotiations bmw came out against it BMW joins Airbus in Brexit warning
THIS is why we need to adopt the EFTA option and keep our interaction with the CU to an absolute minimum in terms of duration. Freedom to draw-up our own FTAs was a major plus of Brexit. Much more important than ending FoM.
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? the real Nigel Farage is a far right fraud driven by bitterness that he wasn't posher
Hey great, the burst is gonna hit just around the same time Brexit goes into effect. Fantastic.
Because both main parties backed Brexit, &amp; because we have FPTP, the GE did nothing to resolve the issueS
What? A national government of unity to see out Brexit in the event that no one party secured a majority? Making it a British decision rather than the bizarre reality of one party's minority government vision? Have a day off, you lunatic.
Some bloody strategy indeed! Labour must ditch Weaselling Treasonous Wanker Corbyn’s absurd clinging to the fallacy of a “better” Brexit under Labour, &amp; if that means throwing Corbyn &amp; his ilk under a bus (literally would be OK), then the sooner the better.
EU approves Brexit deal with Britain European Council President Donald Tusk says the European Union has approved a Brexit deal with Britain.
Don’t worry, Brexit is sure you give you squillions and billions of cash on day one.
'Your grandchildren will regret Brexit'
Think Theresa May needs to address in her brexit deal that the two brats can’t sing this song again! #xfactor
Everyone knows really
I think in reality if brexit happens the country splits up. This is probably the best outcome without violence.
UK's Brexit deal agreed by EU leaders
What a bizarre and tasteless thing to say! Whichever side of the Brexit argument you intended that to support you do it an injustice.
Brexit is a complete waste of money and destruction of influence
How is that #Brexit Foreign Policy going?
There lies the problem. A way out was offered - but instead #Merkel and #Juncker tried to humiliate the #UK Prime Minister. As far as people in #Britain were concerned - that was the straw that broke the camels back. The #EU caused #Brexit. #Labour
More Irish lessons. Brexit, as we know is a portmanteau of Britain and Exit. The Irish for and English man is "Sasanach" and the Irish for out is "Amach".... so the Irish for brexit is "Sasamach", a portmanteau also.
She go another journey, into oblivion
Swing leavers would be great but will their voices be heard? Will Brexiteers allow No Brexit to be default setting?
#Westminster is scared #brussels is scared #EU is scared Long live the republic. #BrexitBetrayal has given birth to our new sovereign nation. #Wethepeople will reclaim the future. #UK #GB #BritishIsles #29/03/19 #brexit
Amazing the true numbers v fake news BBC ans sky ...
North Sea Rising by me. Set in a post-Brexit globally warmed dystopia with a little bit of crime and stuff thrown in. Read it over this Yuletide before we leave Yurrp and it all comes sickeningly true.
Is May's deal already sunk? Eighty nine Tories have already come out against it meaning she ... via . tell that bloody frog to get stuffed! these are OUR fishing waters!
please give a follow. l'm not sure how anyone can be unaware of the allegations and evidence re #Brexit dirty tricks which underpinned the #LeaveEU vote - dark money, #INFORMATION warfare..... #FactsMatter #Democracy #BrexitChaos
Yep exactly. Everything that happens now it's blame Russia. Brexit etc everything is Russias fault
Yeah EU are happy with the deal as May has given them everything they wanted and more. Not a Brexit deal it’s a remain Deal. We have realised though that Tories are lairs and they will pay at the next election if she is not booted out
You do realise that even after your precious Brexit, from a legal point of view, England and Wales are occupied by the Duchy of Normandy since 1066? You are all subjects of the Crown. None of you are free citizens.
And given that £425k of the dark brexit money was laundered through the DUP there are questions to be answered in n.i. Worth reading the work of Imagine if this shambles was playing out in some developing country. You wouldn't be calling it democracy
So, 's idea of #Brexit is to stay in the EU with an even worse deal. Well done, you stupid cow. Make yourself one of the worst prime ministers in history.
There are many do don't understand Brexit, including, sadly, Mrs May. As Remoaners say, 'we didn't know what we were voting for'.
Barnier’s plan all along? Brexit negotiator to make bid to REPLACE Juncker, Eurocrats say #news #breakingnews
Funny I was looking for a sinking ship gif just yesterday. That was for #brexit though.
Brexit in itself was ok. But this particular deal traps us inside with no voice and us a betrayal so no, your mushrooms aren’t more important.
Top story: Brexit Deal Explained – Watch short videos explaining the Brexit withdrawal agreement including the Brexit Deal explained in 60 seconds see more
Wake up Jeremy: #peoplesvote
I think claiming to stop Brexit and save democracy, is commonly known as ‘irony’...
“In any negotiation you do not get everything you want” - Theresa May I'd rather call it "you don't get anything you wanted" Disastrous deal for both parties. How come #EU deputies think today's negotiations had any positive outcome. #Brexit is a loss, no matter the odds.
Nothing directly to do with Brexit except to highlight what dire economic straits we were in in the early 70's before joining the EEC, and, maybe, why the political construction of the EUb was so important for the safety of Western Europe.
Are you normal? What an absolutely absurd statement to make. Not everything revolves around brexit you weapon.
‘To her credit, Theresa May has achieved a remarkable etymological feat, taking two commonly used words and reducing them to the opposite of their original dictionary definitions. Strong and stable now means weak and slippery.’ -
EU's only Plan B is preparing no-deal Brexit - official
How did it publicise a peoples vote, exactly? All I saw was a guy failing to set light to a copy of the 'deal'. Now if ever there was an unintentional metaphor for Brexit, or indeed the Tory party, that would be it
Yeah, let's just give in and let apathy and exhaustion make the choice for us. You pathetic man , this is a betrayal of democracy #Brexit #NoDeal
‘Nothing can be ruled out’ Jeremy Hunt says Government could be brought down by #Brexit
Significant escalation of tensions puts Europe to the test hours after EU leaders agree on UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit.
Well it doesn't work for democracy, sovereignty or Brexit
Life is too short. You know it is a)crap b)not Brexit.
I very much hope there is, and that it succeeds. Brexit is national suicide. MPs are paid to do the best for the country - so go and do it.
I've asked before but you never bothered to answer: if on Tuesday the ECJ rules that the A50 notification can be unilaterally revoked will you fight for that rather than a brexit that could easily end up costing lives? And if not why not?
World News: EU leaders approve Brexit deal, but will the UK parliament follow suit?; Russia blocks Ukrainian navy from entering Sea of Azov; Former Australian judges call for national anti-corruption body Via
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
Fingers crossed
If the Russians really were behind Brexit, why are they so keen to cause WW3 before it happens !
Brexit MPs 'dumbfounded' after Theresa May drops plans to appoint minister for no deal to Cabinet via
Have you finally figured out May &amp; her Brexit Government are pathological liars. Get to work Laura, there are plenty more. Who do you think is pulling the strings? What's the REAL objective? Who are the 'winners'? It's all there if you care to look &amp; did a bit deeper.
Why “No Brexit”? We voted to leave. Decision made. Therefore it’s May’s deal, a different deal or no deal.
EU Approves Brexit Deal - I'm Back to Hiding Under the Table (THE SAAD T... via
People’s vote please. If you voted Brexit, then you are not getting what you wanted.
Says the woman who can't accept that the British Electorate has moved on. It's 2018 and #Brexit is on its deathbed - you politicians need to catch up, and fast. #SacktheBrexitDeal #PeoplesVote
Brexit wont matter soon enough if that twisted bastard Putin carries on like this. Number 3 is on its way.
'What's on the table is the only deal', says Varadkar So time to #DissolveTheUnion
Jeremy Hunt admits it's 'challenging' to secure MPs support for May's Brexit deal as DUP vow to oppose her
Might the "magic money tree" be about to fruit again? How much to prop up your government this time ?
'Allow' is everything that's wrong. Eng nat is already fired up, hence present mess. They voted for brexit &amp; they have it, not so Scotland, nor will she. Cool head thinks 'peoples vote if it happens' will only place Scotland where she finds herself, remained, used, ignored.
Brexit deal, today signed off by the EU countries at the summit 'guarantees rights of Poles in UK' via
Bogus Brexit: Globalist Gloating Begins! Macron: Britain Will Surrender Fishing Waters via
A Big Mouth Brexit Bass #AwfullyBritishBrexitLeavingGifts
It doesn't matter if she resigns or not. Whoever replaces her has exactly the same problem with Brexit. 'No deal' is not gonna happen so what she has got now agreed with the EU or no Brexit at all is the only 2 options.
You let us down we got brexit you walked away
Brexit the same: I didn’t want to be on that road either!
We won't get a choice though, will we? #StitchedUp
CC there is no mystery here 4 the Irish. None at all. History has taught us that the powerful in England will use Ireland as they will &amp; for them the Irish r the Feared/Despised Other -Untermenschen
Go getem Charrise! No imposters allowed to even touch fellow Brexit patriots!
Yet Theresa May is his best friend? We say SOD OFF the both of you! Read now:
They voted to LEAVE. As in LEAVE, depart, exit stage right, vacate. It means being entirely independent of the fascist entity known as the EU, and start from there AFTER we have left. That's what LEAVE means. Why are Remoaners wilfully thick?
Four scenarios for the Bank of England and Brexit. There could well be others but we couldn't fit them all in
The contest is clear now, which of these going to kill us first? Brexit or WW3?
Are #FBPE realising James Patrick wants both May's Brexit deal to pass and the Tories to win the next election yet.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
No sign of sciatica I see. How very fortunate.
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement -
How to alienate a huge number of our population in one fell swoop #Brexit
Aka Recap of the last season of new streaming series, My Shit Vocation.
There are many who don't understand Brexit, including, sadly, Mrs May. As Remoaners say, 'we didn't know what we were voting for'.
Theresa May's Brexit is not the Brexit I voted for. I didn't vote for compromise nor did Remainers.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
That’s how I feel too. I want a #peoplesvote, but if the govt would cancel #brexit (on the basis of how damaging it is to the national interest) without it, then that would be even better. #stopbrexit
Self-flagellation. It's a right pickle.
We leave the EU without a deal and become a sovereign country again.
UK and Spain reach agreement over Gibraltar #finance
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
I'm so liquid, I don't need Brexit.
Macron warning on fishing rights as EU backs May’s Brexit deal
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
This particular lifelong Labour voter will not vote for Corbyn's Labour. The most left wing Labour leader for generations could not effectively oppose the right wing Brexit of Farage, Johnson, Rees-Mogg et al. Disgusting.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
I bet when Gina Miller fought the Government in the Supreme Court to give Parliament the last say on Brexit she never dreamed it might be under the circumstances we have today. Be careful what you wish for is invariably true.
Shitstorm of Ukraine Gov/Media tweets regarding Crimea thing. Zero from Russia apart from a state tv piece expressing utter surprise. So, definitely, a co-ordinated plan by Russia... NOTHING TO DO WITH BREXIT VOTE, CLOSER UNION OR THE EU ARMY. (Sure it won't be mentioned).
Even us mere felines know the answer to that one #catschorus #pish #catsoftwitter #Brexit
Not just young but older ones who see through all the right wing propaganda, if you don't come out for #PeoplesVote we will never vote for you again
The Conservatives. Making poorly paid people, who voted for Brexit out of desperation, even poorer. Higher cost of living, lower wages outside the EU. #ZeroLeadership
Yet Theresa May is his best friend? We say SOD OFF the both of you! Read now:
Talk is easy JRB. Action please,now
Dear Joseph, Nah you dragged ha! Dear Theresa May via
The Brexit disaster - The lies of theresa may will not be forgotten - The British people Will Win their Freedom from the satanic european union - YOU are Moving PowerFully our FATHER YAHWEH on the behalf of the English people Seeking Breakthrough from YOU -
Theresa May didn't get reaction she'd hoped for from desperate #Brexit letter via
Such a shame we had #Commonwealth to reconnect with &amp; 500 million friends in #America to trade with... We could of been #GlobalBritain But were going to let Malta Latvia &amp; Lithuania tell us how to spend our money Cheers MAYBOT #MayMustGo #Conservatives #MAGA #Brexit
fuck theresa may fuck brexit and fuck everyone who voted to leave
On the other hand, write and : “it is far from clear that EU27 leaders would be prepared to allow a no-deal scenario — with highly uncertain economic and legal consequences, not only for the U.K. but for their own countries as well.”
It would be too good to be true.
How did it publicise a peoples vote, exactly? All I saw was a guy failing to set light to a copy of the 'deal'. Now if ever there was an unintentional metaphor for Brexit, or indeed the Tory party, that would be it
The latest The Vicky Gelder-Bird Daily! Thanks to #bbva #brexit
Lisa Kelly ARTC on #RTE radio discussing her research on mastering #FMS in primary school children. #athletictherapy #fudamentalmovementskills #physicalactivity
And everything neglected. #Brexit #BrexitBritain #BrexitBetrayal #Remain #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The voice of reason, Sadly isn’t listening
See you later.go back to your undertaking business.
Jacob Rees-Mogg, leader of the pro-Brexit Tory European Research Group (ERG), dubbed the situation as “Project Fear on speed”, saying it was a “gamma minus piece of work” and “economically illiterate”. He said: “It is a fallacy that countries will stop selling you their goods.
Leave! Sever ALL ties! Just like the £9m leaflet that came through each &amp; everyone of our doors said would happen if we voted to leave the EU. #Brexit
A healthy about of brexit and flair, Wes Hoolahan should be on that list too
I have been deprived as I do not buy any newspapers why have you not given EVERY UK VOTER a copy?
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
what about all the lies leave told? would they count as fraud? I won (before going to court) a fraudulent misprep based on the dodgy sales pitch - took me 3 yrs but I got my few thousand back - brexit will cost much much more!
Since the Brexit vote, the UK economy has shrunk by more than the amount we send the EU. We will have full control of a smaller cake. And will have to negotiate trade deals in a hurry,therefore from a position of vulnerability which will be exploited by the big blocs. Control?
Oh, and close to the benefits of the market? Benefits? Really? Check out ’s Tweet:
Brexit Musings (31) – The Withdrawal Deal: Divorce Or Funeral?
This is just embarassing. Why the fuck should he offer help or goodwill?? The arrogance of Britain is jaw dropping.
Its not "no deal" .... its WTO Brexit .....
Like the 2014 one she actively took part in.
Correct We want to stand aside, so that we can appoint a leader of the Conservative Party who will honour the Conservative Party manifesto promise to #LEAVE the EU, SM &amp; CU, every current Tory MP stood for the HOC on in the 2017GE. We must deliver #Brexit promise!
Nobody seems to be able to explain how anything else might happen because/in spite of it, either. I reckon either it’s not happening (Brexit, because it literally can’t) or we’re largely fucked. I can’t see a middle ground that results in anything other than those two scenarios.
Yet Theresa May is his best friend? We say SOD OFF the both of you! Read now:
The Good, The Bad and The Ugly, otherwise known as Stop Brexit, May's Deal, No Deal...
You really hate the poor. Inflicting brexit on then is the act of a criminal, not a conscientious MP. You are a traitor.
Whatever your view on Brexit (and as a firm we have no opinion), this article exploring the potential business uncertainty that continues for yet more years, if the Withdrawal Ag proceeds, is both worth reading and worthy of thought as we plan ahead.
your letter is a tissue of deceit and lies. The fallacy of extra investment in the NHS is the lie that got us into this mess in the first place. Shame on you.
Theresa May writes 'heart and soul' plea to nation over Brexit
. gets her #Brexit deal through Brussels, but now the fun begins in Westminster with vowing to vote 'No' and a bolshy Tory backbench to convince ...
Here you go.
Over 3,700 people used this to find their union last month. #brexit
Can everyone come clean about the Brexit scandal please? You all know this, as does everyone. yet you all pretend Brexit is political; everyone knows it was a coup/scandal. Ordinary people have been victims. Please read.
#Brexit: What happens if MPs reject the deal?
We will not accept your dodgy deal!!
History may prove that a good deal - with May’s Hard Brexit ahead
I like the idea. #nothanksTheresaMay
Ironic, tho’, that he brings up psychology.
Brexit deal sealed in Brussels: believe it or not, that was the easy bit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Timo, this is starting to feel like an episode of the twilight zone. So here it is for you: 1. I voted remain 2. I think Brexit is bad 3. I think junker is a drunk. 4. I commented about his sobriety. 5. You miss understood the post for whatever reason I couldn’t care. 6. Ends
Brexit means imagining
Great idea fuck off england
Well, it’s the usual Cohen dig at Jeremy Corbyn and the ‘far left’ - since when was Corbyn ‘far left’? But generally this is spot on....
"This is the best possible deal. It is the only possible deal." UK PM Theresa May expresses optimism over the UK's future as she agrees Brexit deal with the EU.
The European Union has approved a possible Brexit deal, but can Theresa May get it the British Parliament? reports:
I think she's wrong there. Yes, many people are fed up with the incompetent way Brexit has been handled, but staunch Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will carry on their campaigns for some time to come.
The latest Politicos, political, politique,! Thanks to #brexit #marr
Stumbled upon this in my galery. #Brexit
DO EUR DUTY #TheresaMay pleads with MPs to back #Brexit deal so Brits can finally stop arguing as leaders warn it’s the only one we’ll get at historic summit
Trump, Brexit are the main things im going to try and avoid this week for my own sanity.
#Brexit In 2019 the disintegration of the UK begins. A great problem for the world, it having been a guarantor of peace in the past. The scottish people could take advantage this opportunity for passing to #EU
Hunt's renowned skill at telling lies is stretched beyond even his limit when justifying Brexit. See what you think.
EUROPE NEWS: May heads to Brussels as Spain threatens Brexit de...
Heartbroken and angry in equal measure.
No post- Brexit research done
This is exactly what the EU wanted, to give us such a bad deal, it will force parliament to choose to stay in the EU, rather than take the risk of leaving with no deal. They've basically plotted with high profile remainers to sabotage brexit.
Macron proving exactly why #brexit is the right decision. The #EU is the Germany and France club. Everything is done for their benefit. Now they are losing something it is spit the dummy out time.
Don’t give bots or trolls the time of day. Thanks to both Gina &amp; Carole we have a chance of righting the wrongs of the shambles that is brexit
Sir Richard Dearlove was prominent in support of Brexit if I remember rightly. Did he assume that the UK could continue to veto EU security and defence policy from outside?
Teresa May to advise UKIP on Brexit?
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? | Politics | The Guardian
In the next fortnight while uses every conceivable inducement &amp; threat to reach the 320 votes on Brexit, what will she do for the homeless? #JC4PM #Corbyn4PM #Votelabour #ToriesOut #GetTheToriesOut #GTTO
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? | Politics | The Guardian the world of the disgusting people who gave us this #GodForsaken #BrexitShambles
Tory Boy Councillor bets £20 that Birmingham will be okay after Brexit
It was Brexit eve babe In the bunker An old man said to me Who is Juncker And then he sang a song It was God Save the Queen I turned my face away And ate a tin of cold beans
May's Proposed Brexit Deal Explained - Explaining Brexit via
I voted Remain because I didn't trust any of the leavers not to throw the baby out with the bathwater. I am actually happy with this #Brexit deal. Being in a minority of one doesn't bother me at all and I will not vote for any party candidate who votes against the deal.
I can do a Twitter poll and ask if people think she's ignoring Scotland. Twitter polls are kinda my thing. #brexit
'One Love' tees - Available at Ksh900. Call or WhatsApp +254 (0) 700 135552 #Checkpoint #AbuDhabiGP Lake Victoria #BOUARS #AsanteDataSunday #KorogaFestival Real Madrid chelsea Abu Dhabi Manchester United Brexit 30 KCSE zimbabwe NHIF Barcelona
New post: European Union Approves U.K. Brexit Divorce Deal — But ‘Bumpy Ride’ Still Ahead
On a nail behind the toilet door, just in case
Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones has said Wales will be less prosperous under Theresa May's draft Brexit deal.
You realise this is what most people saw right? Not the video you just tweeted! All this looks like is you badly attempting to burn the deal while people in the background smash something up.
Don't Brexit where you Brexit
#Brexit is Theresa May a Psychopath / Sociopath ........First she divides and isolates me from half of the country then gaslights me today telling me I need to reunite and come together when it was her that divided
192 constituencies have changed to remain since the referendum according to - is yours one of them ? There's already nationwide anger as brexit lies and fantasy are revealed- will you vote this deal just to keep the right happy?
Tony Blair says Brexit is a choice between 'painful and pointless'
Totally the right time for us to be pissing about with brexit.
How can you compare the two? No one has died in Brexit! Unlike in the Iraq war!
We leave on wto rules, we cannot accept being held hostage by other EU countries over our fishing rights. Our waters our rules.
The latest Conspiracy News of the World! Thanks to #trump #brexit
Erm no... a Remainers Brexit is no Brexit at all
via Barnier’s plan all along? Brexit negotiator to make bid to REPLACE Juncker, Eurocrats say #UK_News
That we have FPTP means nothing. If the Lib Dems had got near to 50% of the vote in the GE then I'd agree that you had a point. The fact that they didn't means most people either want/accept Brexit, or don't feel strongly enough about it to change their vote.
People voted to leave something that had nothing at all to do with their terrible circumstances because they were conned. Because they'd never had any civics education. However, if you're going to wallow in bullshit and clichés this may interest you
Brexit is going to be a mess. England is so screwed and it’s their fault
UK will stay in 'backstop' customs union unless EU get generous deal on fishing, warns Macron
INFH UXEYX 251118211531
When was Theresa May’s Brexit deal agreed, what does it say and what is the verdict?
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament? The woman is a quisling and needs to be kicked out. This is toatal betrayal of the British people.
NO BREXIT Watch this space
I ama perfectly sane Brit &amp; I most certainly do not want to stop #brexit as I do not want foreign politicians, civil servants or judges making or interpreting the laws of the UK. #FreeBritain
Final Say: Tony Blair claims Labour moving towards backing new Brexit referendum
The EU 27 endorsement today of the #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement is further evidence that the UK will resume full membership after a necessary period of suspension. Discussed here: #Article50 #Article7 #EU
#London, Westminster, UK House Of Comments is expected to vote (make or break) on Brexit deal on 12 December
Teresa and Jeremy will get us out, don't you worry.
Lisa Kelly ARTC on #RTE radio discussing her research on mastering #FMS in primary school children. #athletictherapy #FudamentalMovementSkills #PhysicalActivity
Interesting: the opposition party in Spain thinks missed a #Brexit opportunity on #Gibraltar - despite his last minute call for clarification, they don’t think he successfully played the sovereignty opportunity card which Brexit presented
Thank God for CNN, then. So far America seems to be relying on fatuously deluded NYT articles for its views on Brexit
Distraction from brexit kicking off just as predicted....
Exactly. This Brexit is a Remainers Brexit.
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
does this mean if brexit happens i'm safe :')
Hate to say it but I don’t think Bliar is too far off this time. I hate Brexit with every fibre or my being. But if a vote now we have some terms said leave I’d get behind no deal. As it stands it’s just pointless. The flip side being I’m pretty confident leave would still win
It is not a fact at all but your uninformed elite opinion. If it wasn’t for Corbyn Labour would be where all the other European centre left parties are: In crisis and unsure of their political survival
This is exactly what the EU wanted, to give us such a bad deal, it will force parliament to choose to stay in the EU, rather than take the risk of leaving with no deal. They've basically plotted with high profile remainers to sabotage brexit.
Good FRO to the Keynesian profligate
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Getting Brexit deal through Commons will be Herculean job for Theresa May. I wish I knew what they were all on about.
It will probably fall anyway!
Ruski's eh, messing in Ukraine, interfering in the US Presidential Election, The Brexit referendum, worth investigating eh?
They figure there's no one to raise any objections anymore. Trump's in Putin's pocket and Brexit has left the whole EU a mess.
She's the one who, when at the Home Office, came up with the idea of creating a "hostile environment" for migrants, so I have the feeling that “putting an end to the free movement of people once and for all” is what's been motivating her in her approach to Brexit.
No we won’t be. It’s a stinker. Get your head out of the sand. This is a betrayal of not just brexit but also the country
If only the West was gripped by the politics of populism instead of...oh wait...maybe that’s why Russia loves Trump and Brexit? Thank God for NATO!
Important to note how poorly the #brexit #Peolplesvote hashtags etc have trended today. If you are a Brexiteer or like me a jaded remainer (due to a realistic appraisal of the situation) a super remainer or whatever. None will get what they want. It is what it is now.
A proper lawyer doing a proper job. Click the link.
Deeply sad and deeply fucking furious.
Sombre EU bids farewell and signs off Brexit deal
Entropy is stronger than ever and right into self-destruction (mass debt, identity politics, Russia!-Russia!-Russia!, fake Brexit etc it can escalate quickly into a civil war/international conflict). Better stay solid as a rock an not let it vaporise our mind.
Following Brexit unfold from the comfort of south Sweden, after moving back from London. Keeping my fingers crossed for the best possible outcome! It's looking better than I expected. Hopefully, London will keep its importance in the world.
Trump, Brexit supporters start another war with the Ukraine.
Vote for Brexit Linked to Increased Prescription of Antidepressants in UK
Is this why the stock markets are rattled? Facebook - #TrumpRussia collusion - Cambridge Analytica and #Brexit; as those 401K's head south.
May’s deal = Remain in all but name. No Brexit = Remain, (obviously). No deal = The ONLY option that satisfies and upholds the referendum result. Do MPs care enough about our country to prevent the betrayal of our sovereignty and democracy to vote down May’s deal and go for WTO?
Another link between #Brexit and the 2016 US Election...
What dead &amp; dying era do you mean? It seems aspirational, not actual. Brexit, neoNazi terrorist in Norway, Brazil's new potentate, &amp; everything that comes w/ Trumpism: bias attacks surging, Khashoggi cover-up, kids in cages, et al. Hateful talk? Limbaugh? Fox News? 24/7 agitprop
Brexit will never be forgotten and I assume it will be reversed sometime in the future When all leave consortiums realize that a ration card of two eggs per week is not inspirational
No deal RT : Right. Can we now please just all shut up about Canada, Norway and all the rest. It's May's Deal, No Deal or No Brexit. That's it. Time to choose.
Big one missing: UK: We want to keep using the equipment, the pool, etc, but we don’t want to pay.
So the real question we need to be asking now is "what the heck is a brighter future?" since that is all we seem to be getting for Brexit. My guess is that means a future exposed to the brutally harsh light of reality. That sort of "bright future".
They don’t deserve to be forgiven
Brexit is simple anyone who voted leave simply did not vote for the shit deal on the table from a shit pm. Most people didn't know what they was voting for. We need another vote and we need another government, this is the best chance the country will get to stop this nonsense.
If we had any lingering doubts about who she represents we now know for sure; May consorting with her own political enemies &amp; opponents who are Remainers at heart to crush a genuine brexit. She really does deserve to be called a traitor to the ppl of this country.
Solid weekend of trying to master the craft! Pushing to be the best I can be as well as proving every other cunt who’s doubted me wrong! #fuckyou #Dedicated #dedication #Hardwork #Brexit
My favorite is the people saying now that they’ve seen the outcome and don’t like it, they’d like a re-vote.
Wehehehey, we've breached the 3000hr boundary... getting closer chaps.... #brexit
The Weekend Podcast we talk about: Why it's called a correction, a lower risk way to play oil spuds also #Brexit #ScooterCrime #Dynasties #DISH #UOG #C4XD #JAN #BIDS #TOOP #PHE #BZT via
Time we moved away from the #disunion
I only need to add that Conservative voters will remember you all at the next General Election!!!
Write to the paper about him blocking you, so you can't discuss the good of EU (mention some local examples) and the harm of Brexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Let's remember the most succinct analysis of Brexit ever. #TrottrsUp
Wheres Travis Bickle when you need him. Failed majority PM who took poisoned chalice that slimy Gove didn’t want &amp; she’s withheld her leave plan brexiteers voted for which originally was based on lies on a red bus that benefits rich tories with overseas investments. #Brexit
If the country was actually going to benefit from brexit I would give a shit.
A splendid exhibition of a behaviour on abundant display on the populist right and left: start with the conclusion you want and then reverse engineer reasons why you're right to want it.
As EU Approves Theresa May's Brexit Plan, Corbyn Denounces Deal as 'Miserable Failure' That Puts Ordinary People at Risk..#EU..#Brexit
Forget Brexit. What is this idiot up to now.
Here's why Brexit probably will never happen
bAcK tHe BrExit dEaL
It's like the Scottish referendum - a significant change should mean a new ref. The public's understanding of Brexit is has changed significantly. So much so that it warrants a 2nd ref. How many should we have I hear you ask? As many as it takes until all the facts are exposed.
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns
Even though FF/FG/LAB and the vast majority of our disgraced mainstream media think it's absolutely fine to betray one's voters by going against one's mandate, Sinn Fein are not for turning. Gotta love Martina Anderson:
Will it fuck. There were 700,000 people peacefully on the street perhaps next time when we've been stripped of our rights possibly we won't feel as peaceful. Remember what happened with the pole tax and the country was pretty evenly divided then.
‘Which part of Theresa May’s political career ever showed heart and soul?’
She’s planning to sell off the NHS to American venture capitalists that is unless Richard Branson buys it first.
Can't even trust a fellow #tory these days, nobody seems to stay bribed for very long do they, first the DUP and now 'Sir John' #CORRUPTION fails in the end Arise, Sir John: knighted Tory MP still won't back May's deal
Hang on a minute. You didn't back #brexit yet you're a xenophobic #remain racist...
When will people realise their opinion is irrelevant. #Brexit shows us, WE are governed by an elective dictatorship and all objections will be ignored.
Brexit is the excuse for nothing effective being done on both a domestic and international front. The UN report on poverty should be headline news day after day. Brexit is toxic for all us little folk but venture capitalists will make another fortune from our misery
He also used ‘We ‘ when referring to the Govt’s position on brexit . Pinning his colours to the mast , again. Also an awful lot of ‘ poor Theresa’ , is this a crush ? #PeoplesVote
Astonishing, patronising, disgusting
So vote it down. Give your country a “no deal” Brexit. Your lot got the UK into this position so it’s only right that you get to savor all it has to offer. Happy Brexit day!!
I sincerely hope you’re wrong!!!
New post (France's Macron says prepared for all options on Brexit) has been published on Daily top pop -
Found five Euros so far They're worth eighteen of ours I've got a feeling Of taking back control So Happy Brexit I love you baby I can see a better time When all our deals come true
Nah..not worried about that...just curious why have nothing to say about legal case that accepted you illegally sacked and then colluded with your mates at and possibly to smear him...anything to say?.. #Brexit
The problem with a UK Election as things stand is the two main contenders are like companies bidding for a fracking franchise. It's damaging &amp; dangerous but they smell money &amp; power. The only difference will be CON will laugh &amp; LAB will try pretend there was no other choice.
#GBPUSD is trapped within it own new news on Brexit cycle. The top and bottom trend-lines indicate trading range with nothing settled on Brexit positively or negatively certain on which wins the day. Off recent news I’d be a buyer around 1.27 and a seller 1.32 #FXTrader #Forex
The latest The Rural Gardener Daily! #garden #brexit
I don't think it will be very easy trying to forge our Independence until we know what we are dealing with, plus Scotland will just get blamed for any complication to Brexit arrangements. It wont be long now before we have a clearer idea and that is the time in my opinion.
The latest The PaoloXL Daily! Thanks to #giletsjaunes #brexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
[Gad Saad ] EU Approves Brexit Deal - I'm Back to Hiding Under the Table (THE SAAD TRUTH_793)
This seems pretty big
Treacherous woman, you’ve totally misread what the people voted for, you were put there by the people for the people - but you were a remainer and until you’ve gone the Conservatives will never in power for a generation or more #Brexit
Today is specially sad for me. I wouldn't be a chemist if Brexit had happened 15 year ago.
It sounds like an RAF saying ... like ‘Chocks away!’... ‘Pricks up!’ And then a squadron of pricks take to the skies... #Brexit May be making me go slowly mad
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum...Corbyn...my heart sinks! (And this man may yet sink Britain)
Martin Howe QC spells out HIS interpretation of the WA and it makes shocking reading!!!!! Everyone who wants the real nitty gritty just look up his Brexit article. It makes VERY interesting reading and shows how TM has been bamboozled all the way during ‘negotiations‘!
"Syrian genocide" "Cyber war for Brexit and US elections" "Russian invasion of Ukraine" Ever wonder why you have become so irrelevant to everyone other than that small group of Russia haters?
are so shit on #Brexit.
We dont want a peoplesvote we had one in 2016. We want brexit mays deal isn't it, its a con to keep us in the EU using the irish backstop. We want brexit and we will fight for brexit. Peoplevote is just another con to keep us in the EU why do you think the EU are funding it!
Both sides of the Brexit divide seem to be disgusted with this agreement, does that mean it is the perfect compromise? I know nothing of the contents, but I fear we are heading for WTO terms. We signed off a new web site to target Europe next year, maybe shouldn't have bothered!
With brexit on its way, Russia proceed to the next stage: - Attacking Ukraine and cause more chaos in Europe
EU agrees ‘best possible’ Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May - Don't back it - globalist are trying to screw the UK #HardBrexit
#Brexit deal: The end of a loveless 46-year marriage - Channel NewsAsia
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
You can accept the referendum outcome and also believe that we should have a vote on the terms of Brexit. The two are not mutually exclusive
Sad but true.
She lies, and lies, and obfuscates, and ignores, and lies. She can't bring herself to admit the truth staring us all in the face: Brexit will not work.
Hearts and minds operation, stage 4378
'The Tories' are elected by the people, they will be desperate to keep Cornish votes &amp; will be highly amenable to them. Not sure you understand the effects of an undervalued currency, my employer is thriving compared to a pre-Brexit. Euromark best thing ever for German exports.
All moderates should rebel against Theresa May's Brexit deal.
If I filmed myself repeatedly punching a kitten whilst shouting "#PeoplesVote!" would that be good publicity? Today's exercise was equally as stupid. They've made us all look daft &amp; it's now far easier for the #Brexit mob to point &amp; laugh at the entire movement.
No brexit is another option. There's probably others too.
Beg to differ..with what you are putting forward
What a state we are in. Imagine this shower in power! Then look at the PM, a covert socialist!
I think I'm lucky not to have any to worry about. But I agree. The kind of thinking that brought about #Brexit and the evil that has come to the surface from #Brexit will divide people for centuries.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
"The #Brexit deal is simply a damn-fool plan drawn up in response 2the result of a referendum involving lies,illegality and foreign interference.The financial crash could not be halted by popular will.. Brexit can be". Hard to disagree with
May launching knighthoods at anyone who’ll support her deal..#TheresaMay..#Brexit
Can you please support a BALLOT for - they are your constituents after all
Tories: “Trust us, it’ll be OK!” (Sotto voce: ‘But not for you’)
There is no deal until after you agree then you'll find you have had it, tough to late to do anything about it.
All moderates should rebel against Theresa May's Brexit deal.
Detail form you recently is poor. This and the fact that Spain can veto Brexit.
More Brexit stuff to deal with in Westminster my fellow Tories are creating mischief .
Nauseous Jeremy
Not just committed Remainers but former members of the ‘Brexit is pants but we have to do it’ crew like John Harris, because the deal falls so far short of what we have now &amp; were promised &amp; will create years of division &amp; hardship &amp; because there is a better way forward
Public resentment with EU and globalist/corporatist leaders of most EU states rising fast. Massive youth unemployment in southern member states. Merkel deeply unpopular in Germany after mass migration mistakes. We cannot leave it fast enough. #NoDeal is the best deal. #Brexit
You know he will fight for the french,he won’t give us an inch if it hurts french fishing. (Wish our leaders did the same).
I would absolutely love to see destroy this pair.
Bye bye, I am sure there are 5 Brexit supporting MPs willing and able to fill the gap you leave.
What I should be tweeting about: World issues, #Brexit What I really tweet about: #DoctorWho #ImACeleb Lol I live under a rock
On the day the European Union is congratulating itself on its Brexit deal.
The latest The Cardiff Daily®! #heartnews #brexit
Outflows from UK equity funds since Brexit vote hit $1tn. Investors move their assets abroad as concerns about business uncertainty rise: FT.
Brexit: DUP's Nigel Dodds says Brexit deal 'worse than no deal'
Hannan also correct on one very important point. That May's deal, claiming to end FoM, is so reviled by Leave-ers, exposes for the lie it always was her advisers' assurance (that she gullibly swallowed), that the Brexit vote was all about "stopping immigration" * nothing else
Does Majestic Wine Have The Right Business Strategy For Brexit And Beyond? via
Brexit Free trade deal to be sorted out through penalty shoot out with Germany #Brexit #EU #Brexitdeal #England #Germany #Football #EuropeanUnionSummit #EUsummit
But I digress, lots of talking heads with no experience of UK CNI say it's all scaremongering nonsense. Given that all of their predictions for how Brexit will play out have been accurate* so far, perhaps we should just believe them? *no, not really.
You’ve made this mess, you clean it up.
I guess that one part of the EU-approved deal for Brexit is that Great Britain is going to be towed further out into the Atlantic.
This BritNat hack #GlennCambell at IS A LIAR
via ‘Almost Nothing Is True’: Scotland’s Sturgeon on UK PM May’s Brexit Deal
Mrs May and the Brexit negotiation team are working under the assumption that if they treat everyone like they are morons, they will only offend 10% of the population. #BadDeal #lyingMF
precisely.
There you go #PeoplesVote please
Bombshell? Not really, as with Spain/Gibraltar a natural position for Macron to take with a third country (and no longer an equal partner). Brexit means Brexit remember.
Remoaners really are a bunch of idiots. They are paying £16,000 for a bus to tour the UK with the slogan, 'Bollocks to Brexit' on it. I doubt that is going to make people change their minds. If I saw this bus I'd just think its a bus full of twats!
Puteys hoping the Brexit mess has diminished EU collaborative military support and that trumpey is at his golf course eating kfc.
100% of 18-20 year olds have not had a vote on Brexit. What % of British people will lose freedom of movement in EU? What % of the EU funds will be replaced by funds from Westminster? What % of fish quotas will be traded in return for other concessions?
It was press conference as tragedy as the PM clung to her draft and her delusions
He's really not an advert for NHS dentistry, is he?
Follow Carole for insight into Brexit, tRump, Russia links via Mercers, Bannon, Stone and others. Thankfully, Mueller has brought down mobsters w/int'l connections .
Jeremy Hunt admits it's 'challenging' to secure MPs support for May's Brexit deal as DUP vow to oppose her
Still waiting! What will it take for Labour to commit to a #PeoplesVote ? Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
....and about bloody time too!
I’d rather it be Brexit. At least we’d die with the satisfaction of saying « we told you so ».
And I’m guessing the votes against were not pro-Brexit, but they felt that the motions were ultra vires with respect to charitable status. Medical profession is massively anti-Brexit.
May &amp; Soubry r on the same side. May had no intention of offering an acceptable deal. She expected it 2b rejected..&amp; she is banking on idiots like &amp; pushing Corbyn into demanding #PeoplesVote We revote..&amp; Corbyn/labour take blame for stopping Brexit.
Almost 62% of Moray constituents who voted in the last general election disregarded you. Or to be exact, 61.8% could no longer accept you as their representative in Parliament. Watching you lose your seat was bloody hilarious.
The US &amp; Britain has a hand in nearly every refugee/migrant crisis but have to biggest aversion in accepting them. Stop intervening, stop invading, stop bombing, stop exploiting. #MigrantCaravan #Brexit
Brexit is one policy. How did 'The British People' give a mandate for what you suggest, given that only 1/3 or less voters supported it?
FCA issues second Brexit consultation paper via
Considering your lot from The Mail stoked this fire, it’s rather rich to ‘tell us’ to shut up.
#brexit #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow This is exactly what our country is doing to itself!
The EU Approved A Brexit Deal With Britain
With UK as we need to you boys up, running and out of this Brexit drama as fast as possible. The time for all of us to rearm and get ready to face Russia jointly as an EU Force is quite the challenge, regardless of the money we throw at it.The way forward is strategic deterrence
Not especially. Brexit is still looming, Trump’s still in the White House, anti-Macron sentiment is mushrooming and several other countries are falling for far right fascist propaganda and it’s being reflected in their recent elections.
I have to say having watched &amp; listened to his interviews ever since his initial promotion, on #Brexit, yes, he’s a dipshit. The interview with #Marr today just confirmed, that the party line of Jeremy rushing off to Brussels for a miracle new deal is not anchored in reality.
Get lost, this is not Brexit.
Precisely....
Farage: Brexit is worst deal in history!
People power! They exist in parliament because we choose to allow it. Bring in the Army, sort Brexit then select MPs that voted leave to develop it and are pro UK. We are still the envy of much of the world, that’s why they all try to come here .
Brexit was never explained properly. Only now do we see the consequences. Cameron said vote for me and I will give you a referendum he should have made sure everyone understood instead of running away. Vote said leave that will happen. We start again Britain is still Great.
fudge resigning as soon as he realised voldemort was actually back is the wizard version of david cameron resigning when brexit voted leave
Absolute Rubbish. This deal is a joke. This is not Brexit.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Yep He wants the deal rejected , 2nd ref &amp; UK to stay So does Huffingdon post Correct
Greatest opportunity for post war Europe... Brexit was seen as a scream. Desperate political riot in by far the most unequal society in Europe &amp; last uncodifed nation on earth. Could of made Britain European, instead of bailed yank. Cos remain's ironically neoliberal core...
And if Labour think they can just walk into No. 10 after a "Tory Brexit", they're wrong. People won't forget they stood by &amp; let it happen. No, whichever party promises to rejoin the EU will get my vote, never Corbyn.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
NO! Her draft agreement is not BREXIT #OMOLML
Done. Need more laughs on my time line, currently far too much #brexit and not enough
Labour party policy is also pro-Brexit Mick.
“But David Starkey said the Reformation was the first Brexit.”
You could say that about any of our prime ministers...
Just for the record I’m not, nor have I ever, been happy about Brexit. I’m embarrassed by the shambles that has become of something I didn’t even vote for!
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
EU's Juncker says of Brexit: 'This is the #best deal ... the only deal possible' The head of the Eu's executive, Jean-Claude Juncker, urged the UK parliament to ratify the Brexit deal the bloc sealed with British Prime Minister Theresa May, saying it was the #onlyOne possible.
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal
Think I saw you on BBC this AM. Very solid performance Mr Connelly. Many thanks for your online input re Brexit too. Depressing to watch the political incompetence on display at moment. I pray this does not get as messy as it appears to be heading.
. Please take note and get advice from this is appalling!
Once Brexit comes he might just
Dear Many thanks for your letter to the nation. Your #Brexit Deal is not #Brexit It is a wilful betrayal of the biggest democratic vote in our history You have betrayed our country and your own Party In the name of God, Resign! #StandUp4Brexit #Conservatives
Ah good, back to real life. Yeah, me too - Brexit is a shitheap!
Emmanuel Macron said access to British waters for EU fishermen would be 'a key point of future negotiations'
What's a little bit of dysentery over taking back control? We won like 4 world wars.
Mind you, who's going to be on the Brexit side, if it's a MayDeal/Remain referendum.
Please read this from an MP who is clearly not an idealogue but has written a cogent explanation of why she will vote against the WA
The Economist | The truth about no deal via / Confronting #risk in pursuit of a worthwhile cause may be admirable...but a no deal #Brexit is a foolhardy risk. Britons beware. #UK #EU #economy #trade
Funniest thing in politics is that Lib-Dems has been badly punished for their single mistake - tuition fees fiasco. Yet, history will paint them as the only party who voted the right way on two most important decisions in the last 40+ years at least: Iraq war and Brexit.
Synchrotron okay for the last few years. I hate the day I even heard the word Brexit. I wish we could get on with worrying about the economy and dealing with the very real challenges that faced the country.
Don't worry, nothing to see here...
well, traitor?
Here speaks an Anglophile. Take heed.
Many are also sick of Lineker and his constant Brexit whinges
So now she’s not so worried about immigration but she worries about the future of the port. She worries about peace in Northern Ireland. She worries about the NHS not being able to recruit necessary people abroad. via
at the least she resigns but we live in hope for a proper leader !
Is Democracy Dead In Europe? | The Brexit Betrayal &amp; Rise Of Minority Pa... via
Wow , this is what we're faced with - Painful or Pointless. Please vote with your conscience, reject the deal and campaign for a #PeoplesVote with the #optiontoremain
Not acceptable
The US &amp; Britain has a hand in nearly every refugee/migrant crisis but have the biggest aversion in accepting them. Stop intervening, stop invading, stop bombing, stop exploiting. #MigrantCaravan #Brexit
Hard #brexit will be followed by a massive decline in the £ as ECB instructs EU27 to dump sterling reserves in order to punish UK. Drop will be dramatic. If UK gets its ducks in a row, bounce back will be even more so
A scandalous attempt to subvert Brexit for all time
Brexit, signed but not sealed or delivered. If the PM knows what we want why is she afraid to have a 'Peoples Vote' referendum? Hopefully knowing most of the facts, (can we trust any politician?) for me, it will be far easier to accept a result from it.
With a full withdrawal from everything EUSSR we will be FREE to trade with china, and any other country on OUR terms and NOT the EUSSR's so goods could be cheaper for consumers, i just don't get what the left don't like about this because they benefit too from a complete Brexit
So, Ukraine eh? Pushes #brexit Down EU List
EU BACKS BREXIT DEAL...
EU BACKS BREXIT DEAL...
EU BACKS BREXIT DEAL...
No-deal #Brexit fears on minds of German manufacturers
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
The latest Oliver's SharePoint News! Thanks to #cloud #brexit
One hell of a read. Tying together the international money behind the growth of anti-Semitism and belligerent authoritarian populism. Featuring a global selection of oligarchs and their useful idiots like Farage and Trump.
Majority of Brexiteers’ constituencies would now vote Remain | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
While Europe is preoccupied by Brexit &amp; USA is coping with Trump just as Russia planned we should not be surprised now is the time for them to escalate their dispute with Ukraine
Yes John it’s a bit like the EU SONG CONTEST - in it but will always remain at the bottom!
Quick, ask them to stop Brexit.
But Daniel, didn't you tell everyone that there's no downside to Brexit and leaving would be a walk in the park?
"The EU Has Approved A Brexit Deal With Britain"
The so called Norway option which has already been trashed by the Norwegian PM............May's top ministers 'plotting different Brexit' if deal fails in Commons
It doesn’t hurt to remind ourselves every now and again of the facts.
David you’re talking out of your backside. Sturgeon has been the only politician with a consistent line. It’s your party that’s threatening chaos - sort them out before calling out the SNP..
That’s what Remainers are hoping for - Brexit fatigue - and we’ll give up - we won’t
I don’t like set-up TV debates because I think they are just more bullshit-a-thons contrived to sell advertising but I’d tune-in for that one.
Nee Brexit... Nicht Brexit.... Nie bedzie Brexit. There won't be Brexit, you can be sure of that, that's what the MPs have been working on for the past two years.
So we don't need to worry about #Brexit now then!!
What a Liar, As if I would believe anything that comes out of #Gove ‘s mouth or the #Sun ‘s.
You are wrong in every regard - Blair is spot on about the Brexit deal; it is disastrous for the UK and the electorate simply must be given an oppoturnity to vote on this
A Psychopath's use of life experience.
'Deal that suits nobody' is unfair label. If there was a deal that one viewpoint was completely happy with, it would mean it was heavily weighted towards that side. While not perfect, this deal gives due attention to all - people who want to leave, businesses, N Ire. #brexit
#PeoplesVoteNow #brexit. People’s vote must increase its intensity. Only a few weeks left to ensure we are allowed a free vote on our future. The only way to mend this country is to have the vote in the knowledge and acceptance that the result is the result for a generation.
Are #FBPE realising James Patrick wants both May's Brexit deal to pass and the Tories to win the next election yet. Corbyn and Starmer will vote down May's awful deal. Don't let this guy tell you that's wrong, because he once wrote a good article about Cambridge Analytica.
It is clear to both those for and against #Brexit that May's deal is bad for the UK. May is appealing directly to you, the people, to support, yet it will be Parliament that will vote on it, not you or I. So if you are against it, write to / meet your MP and let them know.
I will firmly fight Brexit with my buttocks! So there.
Brexit approved. Hmm.
The latest The Cowboy's Daily! Thanks to #transfermarkt #brexit
This might be of interest :)
BIN BREXIT
I and everyone I know that voted the same STILL WANT WHAT WE VOTED FOR, TO LEAVE !!
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists
100% right here.
#CommonSense on #Brexit at last
This “waiting game”, this “keeping the powder dry”, this absolute dereliction of discharging the duties of the opposition party is just pathetic. It’s time for Team Corbyn to stop saying what they wouldn’t do, and commit to what they would do...
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
It’s time for every genuine Conservative to get that letter in, it’s time to oust May and her federalists friends. We need a prime minister who will stand up for the UK and democracy. To give the people the Brexit we voted for and the Brexit your manifesto promised A NO DEAL
"No 10’s claim that an obligation “to use best endeavours to agree” could be enforced by arbitration is not true. An obligation on 2 parties to agree with each other is not justiciable, it is not possible for a judge to pin the blame on 1 party or other.
I’m a remainer, but I’d sooner have a chimp speak for me than Martina Anderson. No, nay, never... #Brexit #Backstop
Army of us feel the same if not worse
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
Putin's moving to militarize all the Black Sea for himself; waiting until Britain's Parliament approves the Brexit deal, then will strike Ukraine hard.
: This letter is a disgrace to the U.K. We've been conned by the BREXIT mob. We should decide to abandon BREXIT.
Are they the New Deplorables?
Now this is a letter I can get behind
. . . May's #Brexit deal is not a Dead Dodo - it's a Norwegian Blue. The PM wants us to think it's just resting and pining for the fjords....
It is considerably worse than “not perfect” Chris. It contains numerous obligations without any reciprocal rights, and it has no Article 50 style exit clause. It guarantees that we spend the next decade arguing over brexit with no practical solution in sight.
I hope this list isn't useful to anyone but just in case. #chronicillness #benefits #pwme #spoonies #Brexit #BrexitShambles
All this #Brexit nonsense is so depressing.
Dear , please pull your finger out and oppose the madness that is Brexit
The Man that is breaking Progressive Britain... #Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum #DumpLabour
well i mean thats a whole nother fucking ball park... brexit is gonna fuck us up, just not in this field
I think the idea being that many MP’s voted with there constituents rather than personal belief to trigger brexit. I think she hopes this will happen again, so if the public is on board parliament will vote for the deal. I don’t think it will pan out that way though.
We don't have to. People's vote is needed. Or even better, see what comes of the Arron banks investigation. Brexit could be void from that outcome.
What I wanted was a Free Trade agreement which should have benefited both sides. But out of your 3 choices I’d choose No Deal. No Brexit really can’t be an option.
I’m sorry. No #Brexit for me. This is actually worse than being in OR out.
i call it the trump resistant, trump don`t want a stronger dollar, but italy ,Brexit and weak european macro is neg. for the euro...
And I’m guessing the votes against were not pro-Brexit, but they felt that the motions were ultra vires with respect to charitable status. Medical profession is massively anti-Brexit. #PeoplesVote
Parliament gridlocked, may will put it back to the people
Deluded. #brexit is the tories fault
this must be more clearly presented by ALL BREXIT MPS AND DUP
A brief read of the EUs future finance paper confirms that HUGE tax rises are on the way for the remaining 27 post Brexit, the EUs MASSIVE Brexit budget hole has to be covered by the remaining 27. A double whammy for the EU.
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected - May Utter Nonsense. NO DEAL is better than this extremely bad deal. May has to GO! Hopefully in the next week or so she will be.
What if...Brexit is just a Monty Python skit? Also, is Jacob Rees-Mogg's bite poisonous?
I have yet to convinced were leaving may
No Deal? You got it if you want it. #EU27 has other things to do now. Adieu! #GiletsJuanes #ItalianDebt....
That is nothing but buying time. There are other political considerations including a strong current that favors appeasing Russia and focusing on Eurasia with the PRC. We need to settle this Brexit Drama but Remain is not viable IMHO
Forget about Brexit. what about the cuts to education in Falkirk council?
Urgent Brexit Clarifying some misconceptions about EU membership, Article 50, and UK law. Every person that doesn’t like where Brexit is going should have their name on this one.
Some bloke murdering an Oasis song on #TheXFactor is the most Brexit thing I've seen for months.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
I get tired of this narrative also. Along with the idea that labour could somehow have stopped brexit
The absolute hypocrisy of such people. The voted for Tory Welfare Reform. They voted to implement economic terror on the Irish people. We are much poorer because of that, not because of brexit
Still the real deal.
Emma please please please go back to TRYING to change buss stop names for bigoted reasons Stop lecturing us on something you know nothing about ie Brexit
DID YOU LEAVE NOTHING? #environment #environmentalist #climatechange #parenting #RESIST #ResistanceRises #video #BrexitShambles #BrexitIsPersonal #ClimateJustice #BrexitBetrayal #GTTO #musicvideo #brexit #ThursdayThoughts #UK #England #London #future
No a general election is the only “people’s vote” which will present everything from Brexit to poverty.
Government urged to clarify plan to protect drug supply in event of "no deal" Brexit.
Like countless others I depend on the NHS to survive. Without it we'll die. *Any* Brexit will pretty much destroy the NHS. Anybody not fighting brexit tooth and nail by now will have blood on their hands when people start dropping like flies.
Try reading the tweet. I very specifically used the term "perceived Unionist". If you don't make a perception of background an interesting observation on the Brexit/DUP support is not possible.
Perhaps you shouldn't have tried to collude with the EU and undermine Brexit then? History will judge you badly
I thought leaders were supposed to lead us out of the shit and not deeper into it. This is so blatantly stupid and beyond reason it continues to begger belief. Mrs May give it up. #remain #PeoplesVote
The french are not our friends, they hate us Marcon has shown this
Yep. Then they turn around and tell you you must 'hate your own' or not want any more immigrants after you. Brexit is not about immigration alone, nor is it equivalent to xenophobia at all.
Nigel is at the helm of Brexit, he is directly involved and campaigns daily for Brexit.
Remember folks. This is the same who see the person who signed the Single European Act as the greatest Prime Minister ever. #Brexit
So goodbye Falklands also since it cannot ry on EU solidarity any.ore in case an Argentinian General's takeover bid.? So goodbye other possessions?What Brexit has done is expose the reality of Brita 's weakness
After seeing this, Brexit seems like a great idea
If this deal doesn’t get approved in the Parliament nothing will. It will be ckusterfuck for sure. #Brexit #timestamped
The more MPs argue about Brexit, the more they can't pass more corrupt laws for their corrupt friends. Long may it continue.
The EU’s take-it-or-leave-it stand on Brexit doesn’t bode well for Italy’s populist government, locked in a standoff with Brussels over its spending push via
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum.
The main message from Leavers on Twitter now seems to be that Remainers are the cause of Brexit going wrong. Blaming other people to the last.
Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Druncker.... Unelected European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker says the Brexit deal drafted by the Traitor Prime...
I already knew May was betraying the Brexit vote. That's why I already tweeted her for 2 years pointing out things she was doing wrong. Didn't take a genius to see it.
Theresa May isn’t advocating a hard Brexit. But the choice between the ‘no deal’ and her deal scenario, no deal is a clear winner
We haven’t gone yet, Peter. A clear majority of us don’t want to go. Don’t give up on us just yet... #PeoplesVote
Ian, it is the job of the to protect us from the impact of #Brexit. We must leave the UK before March 2019.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
This lays bare the true situation. Mrs May &amp; Co are not fit to lead the UK. Leaving aside the Remainer/Brexit debate she is plain lying to us by spinning and misrepresenting the agreement. The Tories are heading to electoral oblivion. They’re all going down together with no fight
John Longworth: There will be riots on the streets if Brexit isn&amp;#x27;t delivered by BrexitCentral Podcast via #soundcloud
Already a decent sample size on this poll. How would you vote in LBC’s Brexit deal poll? #BrexitShambles #Brexitcast #BrexitSummit #Brexit
Oh yes please will he jump off his cliff edge
G4S - HELP US FIGHT CENSORSHIP!! - #Censorship #environment #environmentalists #climatechange #G4S #security #RESIST #ResistanceRises #video #BrexitShambles #UK #England #London #ClimateJustice #security #GTTO #musicvideo #brexit #TuesdayThoughts
#Brexit I do wish journalists would stop asking the EU elite if there will be any more compromises if Parliament votes down the deal. They're hardly likely to admit it on camera, even if it was the case.....
Keen to hear Labour members’ views on whether there should be a special party conference on supporting a people’s vote with an option to stop Brexit?
Why won't they give it a rest already, it so never ending with them, is it supposed to wear us down?...It's like trying to dump a clinging ex... the more they cling to more you run... #Brexit
Lords ask Minister for clarity on access to medicine after Brexit
Everything is under threat because of her deal
You know what else is a choice, starting and joining an illegal war. Get stuffed #TonyBlair, you're pocketing a fortune from the EU, that's why you want the UK to stay. #Brexit
The only thing that people like Jeremy Corbyn know how to do is oppose everything. That's all there is to their movement; it's a one-trick-pony.
is a co-owner of this brexit and the damage to the uk.
okay but ireland owe britain shit right now
You left off Vote lost = #Scottish #Independence
So...nothing at all like the one you funded?
at least we have a brexit deal...lol
Considering all the other stuff going on today - Ukraine, Syria, and Brexit - I don't think any of this is coincidence.
Cottrell story is even more weird when you consider the charges Cottrell was facing carried up to 20 years or more in prison. He did 8mths .What did Cottrell give the Feds Carole? That's the question we were asking in 2017
That’s a small price for sovereignty.
Such a shame we had #Commonwealth to reconnect with &amp; 500 million friends in #America to trade with... We could have been #GlobalBritain But were going to let Malta Latvia &amp; Lithuania tell us how to spend our money Cheers #MAYBOT #MayMustGo #Conservative #MAGA #Brexit
(which can be the people's fault or not, difference between e.g. classified intel vs. failing to look into actual Brexit costs)
Oh fuck off you imbecile
Barnier’s plan all along? #Brexit negotiator to make bid to replace Juncker, Eurocrats say
Ashley and Pacha in the dance off is how we got to #Brexit. Voters, innit. #strictly2018
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
I'm giving my Brexit this this Christmas
With all due respect. #Brexit means Brexit with all its factions &amp; incompatible objectives. The majority opinion on a firm policy position was the 48% remain vote in the referendum. By pandering to the inconsistency &amp; incompatibility of the rest (52%), you have failed #democracy
And that, my friends, is the sound of a gauntlet being thrown down...
No Brexit at all - a Labour government would not change anything
When the #Brexit clusterfuck is taught to our grandchildren, as a socialist I’ll point them to the unerring belief of I despise her party, but Anna’s a magnificently principled politician.
The support for Anthony, and Brexit is what is wrong with the UK! - They're all working class heroes
Theresa May letter to the nation; really, just a letter to her Tory MPs - we need #PeoplesVote or cancel #Brexit - #TheresasLastStand
A completely avoidable disaster caused by the Tories and UKIP.
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
Dear Laura - I hope your not afraid of the dark ( or maybe a Brexit leap in the dark). just be patient - I understand that a brave new (Brexit) day will appear with the dawn.
We demand an #ExitfromBrexit time to give #PeoplesVote a chance
#brexit - It would appear we are not getting what we voted for. When politicians, charged to deliver, fall short then they should be found in default and removed from their roles as parliamentarians! The next general election is imminent!
#obama boosted #brexit campaign with his 'Back of the queue' line. #May completely de-railed an already risible WA campaign with her 'jump the queue' line. They just don't learn do they?
Of course the killing of the disabled, homeless, poor and the NHS, and all round destruction of the country, is down to Jeremy Corbyn not the Tory government who has actually done those things
Some good responses to Theresa May's Brexit Letter to the nation: (1/5) Factcheck from InFact:
Britain and the EU finally seal agreement on Brexit
Theresa May plans to go over MPs’ heads to win support for her Brexit deal
DUP may back Norway-style Brexit deal, says Arlene Foster
The Brexit head bangers would prefer a Corbyn Government than see Brexit fail. Which tells you everything you need to know
Brexit in the national interest has failed
If this deal doesn’t get approved in the Parliament nothing will. It will be clueterfuck for sure. #Brexit #timestamped
Fascinating one sided article. Taking it as red that Brexit is bad, EU Good. But remain lost We will leave, there will be no ref/2 but if there was it is most likely that leave will simply win by a bigger margin. But you can campaign to rejoin in 2022/27 as by then truth will out
EU endorses Brexit divorce deal but hard work lies ahead
It's a #NoDealBrexit from that's the only way she can be true to her words! #Leave #Brexit #Tories #UK
Such scammers deliberately make their 'pitch' ridiculously unbelievable, so that they can identify the more gullible 'marks', and concentrate their efforts on 'the most fertile ground'. Anyone who still thinks Brexit is a good idea fits that description.
News to the Romans Angles Saxons Vikings Normans! #Marr #Brexit
It's time for Indy regardless what England decides to do if this Brexit hasn't served Scots a lesson nothing will , the cats out of the bag also regarding oil bring it on !
Don’t understand people on twitter who think the way to stop Brexit is to convince the labour leadership to back a second #peoplesvote. We need to convince leave voters to change their minds. If the labour thought that was happening they would jump on 2nd ref like a shot.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
The deal is not Brexit. I do not and will never support it. Nor will I vote for the Tories again unless you ditch this sellout and May
#Brexit bedlam consolidates support for #EU and euro in Republic
#bollockstobrexitbus will be on tour from 7 December #STOPBrexit #PeoplesVote
I hope when parliament vote against the #BrexitDeal Boris and all his #Brexit mates get rid of May and do a #NoDealBrexit and then call a #GeneralElection
Right that does for me, let stop brexit as some birk is bouncing up and down on a big button.
Read Martin Howe QC's response to Downing Streets 'rebuttal'.
They already have!
Tbf, if it meant an end to all this Brexit nonsense, I’m pretty ambivalent about it. And at least then Southern Electricity will stop asking me to instal a smart meter.
It was a mistake to allow the regional analysis of the referendum. It should have been announced as a global figure - 17m leave, 16 m remain. all this division would have been avoided.
This is extraordinary and surely begs the question: if MPs reject the deal and are allowed a chance to change their minds in a second vote, then why can’t the people? #BrexitDeal #PeoplesVote
She needs to understand what the feeling of the nation is to this deal
It can’t be allowed to happen - hopefully the MPs show more spine than you and block this. A hard Brexit is better
#Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
No Brexit is so much better than no deal! Why won’t Theresa May and her Government listen to the British people.
Hahahaha...so says this extreme right wing neo liberal lobbyist and bullshitter...who is famous for her constant sowing of division and hatred...amazing these right wingers lack of self awareness..#bbcnews #skynews #c4news #Brexit #SocialistSunday
No Brexit seems safest. On on.
I no longer watch BBC or Sky news. As ive never watched C4 or ITV news they dont count. I hate the bias against Brexit shown by all of them
If leavers of Britain vote for a hard Brexit with the knowledge we now have, so be it. But given the foreign meddling, dodgy funding, downright bullshit and false promises our politicians and almost entire media have told us over 30 years, this question has to be asked again
If you don't understand why educated Brits can be against joining a prosperous European Union, read this article. TL;DR “Europe moved on from WWII and Britain didn’t.” #Brexit #geopoli via
is risking civil unrest with her #Brexit deal! Her deal is an insult to both sides and if she tries to pass it through parliament I don't see how she'll still have a job in January. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
You stood on a Brexit manifesto. You should be the one resigning!
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
as if Ashley was going home against swany.viewers you have no chance of voting off the professional dancer.its like Brexit a fix.
I just want a video in Which you say "brexit means brexit"" In the background. Then I can die happy
Every time I watch this I wish I were in that Sabadell square.
#Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
I'm from NI, we were fecked anyway. The advice from London to our business community was 'speak to Dublin' - I sh*t you not!
So interesting that when finally managed to corner #NigelFarage, his first instinct was to accuse her of being funded by George Soros. #dogwhistle
Generation Brexit
The British people like the underdog, is that why the were in favour of the brexit
This is disingenuous. The official Labour policy is for a people's vote IF THEY CAN'T GET A GENERAL ELECTION. i.e. the primary policy is to get into power and then negotiate their own magic unicorn Brexit - with a people's vote very much a secondary concern.
i managed a project for those most in need using EU funds pre brexit vote... it was so bad at times I'm seriously not surprised people voted out... such little paid work they were fighting for volunteering roles, and dont ask me about the paperwork!
Spot on.
I would have said that was maybe true two weeks ago ... But coming out against the deal right now seems more likely to try and trigger elections so Labour can win them. If he tried to get Labour to vote for Brexit then he'd be doing what ur saying but theres been a shift
In defence of Jacob Rees-Mogg and his Brexit Dad's Army via
They are still doing it!
Fantasies, lies, spin and propaganda from start to finish. There's no 'brighter future' here, or in any Brexit. To suggest that this is so is a conscious betrayal of the first duty of a Prime Minister - to act in the country's best interest. #PeoplesVote
Brexit negotiations, the suffering caused by austerity, current Gibraltar issue, MP resignations and not doing their jobs properly.
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
Been a total conspiracy since day 1 with May conniving with the EU in a plan to stop Brexit, get the worst deal possible to ensure getting Brexit stopped, shows truth now where May says no other deal or she would stop Brexit, “what she wants” Lying daughter of a vicar! No Deal
It will definitely get uglier. Pres T-reason hasn't a clue what he's gotten the world into.
May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
Why are we all so quick to complain; but o slow to get involved in making a difference? We must ALL unite, speak out &amp; not rely on others to make a difference . Strong Brexit/exit &amp; support for the . Wishing everyone a blessed &amp; productive week ahead. God bless everyone.
"She will defend UK fishing interests robustly in that negotiation, just has she has in the Brexit deal" Surely you are being ironic? This Prime Minister is either incompetent treacherous or both.
THIS!!
You are obviously too young to remember the currency restrictions and the whole palava of even a short trip to France. Dream on if you think things will be better after Brexit. It’s a disaster for me, my children and grandchildren. I hate it and want it stopped.
Blatant bullshit! When Corbyn is in number 10 we should bring them back out and take the piss!
'Brexit is the equivalent of a major defeat in war'
I think this is what you meant to say... #Brexit
Actually ‘I don’t want to talk about it’ would be a good Brexit theme song.
Didn’t Obama tell British citizens that they would “go to the back of the line” for negotiating trade deals if they approved Brexit? Democratic governments are clearly conspiring to work against the will of their electorates.
European council endorsed Brexit deal today
Exactly this.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Britain getting bossed by Spain and Ireland, its citizens banged up on trumped up charges in Iran and UAE. Brexit is turning into another Suez, a humiliating lesson in loss of power.
Oh, that mitigation of negative impacts. It's going to be great.
Some good responses to Theresa May's Brexit Letter to the nation: (2/5) Joseph Guthrie for MediaDiversified:
brexit is cancelled it’s ww3
thread
“Why is the Prime Minister so desperate for a deal that she is willing to humiliate her country in this way?
Its not something thats designed to survive more than a cursory investigation. Its plausible enough for the Members who back Corbyn to be satisfied that he's against Brexit.
We voted to leave in a national referendum two years ago, so "No Brexit" is not a credible option.
brexit
Release the Docs! The British government is not at all happy about the people pushing brexit either Release the Docs and expose two countries worth of deep state crimes
Those who voted leave voted to LEAVE THE EU and everything associated with it. Simple. #Brexit
Theresa May is a traitor.
We need another #PeoplesVoteNow #brexit
If the EU accepted it, it must be bad for the UK! The UK should just sit back and let the EU collapse!
‘Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power’
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her #Brexit dreams
Makes complete sense to me
Bring it on!
So true, but it is becoming clearer every day that there is no Brexit deal that will be work for the country and particularly the 'only just managing', which only leaves one alternative!
Greatest opportunity for post war Europe. Brexit was seen as a scream. Desperate political riot in by far the most unequal society in Europe &amp; last uncodifed nation on earth. Could of made Britain European, instead of bailed yank. Cos remain's ironically neoliberal core. Failed
One of the greatest tragedies of Brexit is that many EU citizens, who profoundly love Scotland and its people, have felt forced to leave / are planning to do so in near future because English voters succumbed to xenophobic rhetoric. We can do much better than this. #indyref2
It is the next generation who will truly see the benefits of Brexit. If we ever get there.
Brexit stance excludes Labour for me too..
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
my guess: while Trump is distracted by fallout from midterms and UK is distracted by Brexit, good time to create instability in Ukraine in advance of elections
I can guarantee the stats were produced to fit ’ agenda of painting #brexit voters as racists as per the original point. You have no idea what the actual stats on Facebook ads were.
Dear My MP is ignoring me. I’ve written countless emails and letters and still no response. We should expect better from a public servant. His boss is lying about Brexit too. Yours sincerely Disgusted of Tunbridge Wells
Solid support from Labour.
Here's a list from about the 3 main ongoing legal challenges to Brexit and a few of the others too. #ThisIsBrexit
BREXIT!
Our Soldiers gave their lives for their Children &amp; Grand Children’s future. So what is T May doing now, totally ignoring their future by trying to force through Brexit with a Plan the majority are against! In fact it appears the majority of the UK are now Remain! #BrexitChaos
Hide your pride for f*ck sake, hide your pride Brits and vote again. You'll not lose any credibility once you pull back now. You already showed #EU there are some big things that need be fixed here. Let's just be it a warning, not an actuall #brexit #BrexitDeal
Pitch forks ,lit torches,tar and feathers and piano wire time methinks.Traitor May and the rest of these"Cowardly,Lying,Do Nothing,Career Politicians"have reneged on Brexit,which I and many others predicted 2 years will NEVER agree to let you go.
The truth about a no-deal Brexit
literally hasn't posted since offering him the debate. I suppose having a life is an alien concept to trolls.
We will soon learn the lessons of Brexit
BBC News - EU leaders still hope for post-Brexit fishing access #DissolvetheUnion
Time to bring this deal to an end. No body can accept it. Look how it will be ued.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Brexit is leaving the treaties of the EU. No more, no less. Under this deal, as rotten as it is, that happens. UK does not do most of it's exporting on WTO terms, that is a fallacy.
His constituency is remain and he Voting for Mays remain deal: seems logical.
Nasty, awful man. Smug and sneaky. Antisemite. Always was. Gets far too much airtime. Under that chummy, pubby persona is a cold shark. Too political? Oh well, I would rather...
Just seen the BBC News Channel at 8.00pm report on May’s useless Brexit deal with interview with SNP and quotes from DUP and with NO mention of Labour or an interview with JC or Starmer. 100% Not fair reporting! #BBC #BrexitShambles #ToriesOut #Labour #unfair #unprofessional
But Labour are out of time. There is no scope for them to negotiate their rainbows and puppies Brexit even if they got into power today. And yet they are NOT following through on their supposed policy of calling for a people's vote.
Second point: economic prosperity... yet Brexit will take the UK from being the 6th largest economy to the 15th within a small number of years. Not to mention the potential disaster for NI specifically.
It’s the good old Red White &amp; Blue Brexit. What Westminster needs now is a jolly good war to get the Dunkirk spirit back and the “country” on board.
She’s wasted her and our time!its not the brexit we voted for. In fact it’s not brexit at all!
Hard Brexit MPs hate May’s deal, as do the DUP, SNP, Lib Dems and most of Labour. It won’t pass. Then what? No deal Brexit or no Brexit. So surely it’s time to get behind the latter...
The boys of the UKIP Question Time team Were singing all your praise And the bells were ringing out for Brexit day
I’m really looking forward to the point labour comes back with a Brexit deal that comes with unicorns and pixies and a little trophy for how well we did
For anyone wounder what Brexit looks like this image just about sums it up.
Make no mistake about it, these events today when the withdrawal agreement is a signal of what we face. Brexit has to be stopped.
Let’s write back #ReturnToSender and tell her why we don’t accept her deal , and we choose the third way : no Brexit . #PeoplesVote
Perhaps i can train him up as a tree surgeon or a post brexit zombie apocalypse!
Lol. Baffling. Blasphemous. GET HER THEE FUCK OUTTA THERE.
The one thing liars ought to have is a good memory! “No deal Brexit threatens integrity of UK” is the buzz phrase now having taken over from “no deal is better than a bad deal”. The truth is that there is no political integrity in the Tory Party. #BrexitChaos #DissolveTheUnion
'Get ready for Brexit advent'... Razor sharp analysis as always from on the ongoing #BrexitShambles
Actually I think you’ll find that it works for no one. Look into the organ you keep mentioning, your heart, and ask it if it even works for you.
Cc cc Opportunity knocked. No-one in. Oh well. Everyone else in. Good-will grows stale, turns to anger. Funny lot you lot. Others would have leapt at People’sVote. Still time?
BREXIT WARNING: Macron blasts 'French fishing will be PROTECTED' in new threat on UK seas
Simple answer to that... we need a strong and stable opposition! #Conservatives
Read this... The shallow, calculating playing of #Remain and Leave Voters by #Labour At least #libdems consistent.
Brainless bastards.
EU leaders backed Theresa May's Brexit withdrawal agreement on Sunday, setting up a showdown with lawmakers in her own country as the U.K. leader nears a crucial vote on her proposals....
Logic: only 44% support Brexit. If half of them oppose May’s shit deal, that 22% support. May’s toast.
Correct, he would because if he brings us any kind of Brexit the austerity we will experience will be devastating and worse than anything experienced to date.
What about May and her Tory #Brexit asked Piglet. ' Buncha bastardin' nut jobs answered Piglet'
Final Say: Tony Blair claims Labour moving towards backing new Brexit referendum
They be sacrificing our economy for absolutely fuck all. We'll be no more democratic after Brexit than before it. But the UK will have a lot less international influence.
have you seen this?
Very nice. We didn't look as far away as that due to family commitments just across La Manche. Can be in Folkestone in less than two hours via the Eurotunnel, so perfect (until fucking brexit!).
Britons had enough yet?.
All very noble. But outside of Flexcit, no Brexit plan was ever written down in a consistent and deliverable manner. You think that might have helped?
James, when we haven't struck a future relationship deal by end 2021, as outlined, the EU27 will ensure we remain in their Customs Union, still fish in our waters, keep NI in the SM and slowly choke us till we tire and rejoin. You and failed, criminally so.
It’s not Brexit
Brexit mindmap
Please read this great thread.
You can’t keep having referendums just because some don’t like the results. It’s called democracy. Whichever way a person voted, a 2nd negates that freedom. The PM needs to give the UK the Brexit they wanted without all the dodgy ties to the EP or give the job to someone who can.
Bim, May’s letter is disgraceful. It includes the lie that the NHS will benefit from Brexit: yet you know that is untrue. The only way to stop Brexit poisoning our society and our economy for decades is a People’s Vote. Honesty is the only way to bring the country together.
Britain, Brexit day 2
So who has paid you to say this...big business in the US..wealthy elites??...who funds you??..#Brexit
'Theresa May has agreed a Brexit deal with EU leaders..' (via )
May’s Brexit disaster unreported by UK press: Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in WTO projects | Pride's Purge
This tweet is a fine example. Of twaddle.
World News: EU summit agrees Brexit deal and warns it is not open for renegotiation; Election losses for Taiwan’s ruling party lift pro-China opposition; Swiss reject proposal to put domestic law above international rules Via
And in the 70s. How many voyes have we got to have to convince the SNP that Scotland does not want to leave the UK. But let's just have a referendum a day until the vote is yes, and ignore the no voters, contradictory to their statement that Scotland votes was ignored on brexit.
Horrible scams like 'EU' and 'Brexit' are the lies &amp; manipulation that Wars start from. The last 30 years of European History have been a lie and a ruse on the World.
I don’t understand that. Why go ahead with Brexit when it will damage our country so much and is a national humiliation. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
No deal will be the best but I doubt if the Liberals will allow it.
Oh, whacko.
Join the Labour Party to have a voice. #PeoplesVote
Theresa May #wtf #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit 38
If you’re an Astronomer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
What is Hot in the World: French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard
#XFactor 's Anthony Russell is the Brexit candidate. If he wins, everyone loses.
is becoming more and more extreme in his anti brexit comments. He no longer hides his bias. Used to like him, but his spin and bias is too much now!
I don’t think a #Bbcnews or #skynews employee would tweet this #BrexitBetrayal
We do not need a special conference. We have a decision of conference. This deal does not match the conference mandate. Never throw dice that could role against you. It would become a contest and serve nothing n
Five ministers including Justice Secretary David Gauke have reportedly threatened to quit Cabinet rather than support a no-deal Brexit, according to a Mail on Sunday report. The others are de facto deputy PM David Lidington, Chancellor Philip Hammond, Greg Clark and Amber Rudd
Lies by this traitor on a common market. Why listen to the same rubbish from The only deal we have is a £39 bn payment paid for an agreement to talk further locked in till 20XX can be til 2099 !
Not at all bizarre. Vote to leave the EU...vote to leave all its funded activities. You all knew that when you voted leave. So again. Love Brexit. Hate cancer research.
Excellent and important thread. Please read and share widely.
FFS! The waiting game is over. The time is now
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon - the guardian
After Brexit, they'll be stuck with xenophobic idiots, with their futures curtailed, picking fruit or wiping old people's bums for minimum wage.
Cleaning up the Brexit mess will be messy and someday will have to done -
DUP shld join rest of MPs and get May sacked as she’s a traitor to Democracy&amp; the 17.4 million people who voted to leave.
He knows this isn’t true. He has seen the figures. So what confidence can anyone have in a Chancellor who deliberately lies for mere self serving political advantage ??? ....Brexit deal 'better than staying in EU', says Philip Hammond - BBC News
The EU Has Approved A Brexit Deal With Britain "We will remain friends until the end of days and one day longer," said European Council president Donald Tusk.
All going well, then. #BrexitChaos
Good analogy. The U.K. is become the world’s dumbest ‘major’ nation. The U.S. doesn’t even hold a candle to it.
Legal challenge for a government not delivering something it promised - if that won it would set a dangerous precedent... Sadly it would not win - government is under no legal obligation to deliver Brexit.
Sory M8 think shes finly dun brexit &amp; got rid of the forriners! Menes no more jermans &amp; belgy tipes taking the sunbeds on th e costas!!!!
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
Clever timing #Brexit
Checked the news and somehow the DUP have stated they wouldn't have a problem with a Norway deal. Did I fall and bash my head at some point today? #Brexit
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
I'll stick to Brexit.... cant be that bad!
Around 20% of MPs have formally endorsed a referendum on the deal (I expect that to grow a bit in coming days) - and let’s say, generously, 5% explicitly want no deal. That makes 40% of MPs whose preferred option is “my kind of Brexit.” But how do we get there?
Isn't it odd how some of those who are adamant that Cameron should be taken at his word as PM that there would be no rerun do not seem to want to take May at her word as PM when she says this deal is delivering Brexit?
I'm spending a quiet evening in writing workshop plans for #lwnwinterschool next weekend. However depressing Brexit etc may be the prospect of working with great Labour women always cheers me up!
He is walking with them on brexit, no? Exit #brexit Vote #Labour
Some good responses to Theresa May's Brexit Letter to the nation: (3/5) What May's letter should really say by Lizzie Fletcher for Unity News:
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa Ma'ys Brexit deal – caotorn
Brilliant article: “15 years ago, we ignored Charles Kennedy’s warnings about the Iraq war – today, they directly apply to Brexit - The Independent”
I cannot believe anyone would DARE to sully the good name of Kerrygold. As though my nation doesn’t have enough to put up with, with all the Brexit nonsense.
Good riddance.
None of those countries gets a vote in their parliament and theres no veto. Its an eventual vote once we leave proper..in nineteen million years time and all is needed is a majority. The vote happens after fake brexit at the end of the "transistion".
So makes sense to stock up pre brexit no?
My sentiments exactly.
Considering #Brexit no deal is the only sensible option worked well for Iceland regarding #Icesave, will UK figure that out I don't know
May: I will make case for Brexit deal with 'all my heart' via
It is. But the campaign will be so much easier after ruk commit to brexit, than if the unionists say "brexit might still not happen".
Horrible scams like 'EU' and 'Brexit' are the lies &amp; manipulation that Wars start from. The last 30 years of European History have been a lie and a ruse on the World.
What we expected was to LEAVE, as in depart from, move away, separate, create distance, that kind of thing. Of course I realise that's not what you voted for, but then you LOST. When'ill you realise that, if you succeed in derailing BREXIT there will be domestic consequences.
Brexit deal: EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom
Reinet is cheap with a buy back , just need to check this brexit playing out
More... or the same ... Brexit lies, but now from May. Does she really think we are so stupid as to believe her when the lies of BoJo have been widely ridiculed?
She’s hoping now the WA is agreed at EC level, we’ll just accept the inevitable. - Still has to pass through UK Parliament. - Still has to pass through the EU Parliament. Time to double our efforts! Even then, if approved, brexit goes on for years. Still time to change.
stands out a mile from the rest of that group aa totally reasonable brexit commentator.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
There is not enough time between now and March to organise a new vote. We have 18 weeks before Brexit and the minimum amount of time for a new vote is 10 weeks. It would take longer than that just to get the legislation for a new vote through parliament
Spot on and great, as usual!
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Why am I not surprised that Hillary Clinton thinks this? But here’s a little reading list to consider:
Brexit is important and all but people should be paying a lot more attention to what's going on in Crimea right now
Wake up to the fact that Labour and Tory parties sleepwalked into this disaster. There is no better Brexit deal for Labour to pick up. Instead ditch that fantasy and play a constructive role within the EU to change the EU.
How can anyone in Britain ( except idiot remoaners) not be angry as Hell about this deal? For two years Mrs. May and the Conservatives bragged about being the party to deliver Brexit and parroted trite slogans like "Brexit means Brexit"!
What a total pri
Hi Julia, here is a 5 min quiz on brexit deal, it helps people to understand the underreported details of the deal
Well,,,, it's to the point, honest, sums up the opinion? Works for me!
Farage is “phenomenally useful for the Russian government,” Ben Nimmo, a leading researcher into Russian online propaganda, tells me. “
Good
As we suspected, May has attempted a con and has been, quite correctly, rumbled. Complete and utter betrayal of the country and its people.
Farage says May's Brexit agreement is the worst deal in history. Genuinely surprised he doesn't think that was Russia's sale of Alaska.
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit MAD MAY!!
Why would an MP debate a private citizen? I think she was taking the pee out of you, chap..
17.4m Brits voted Brexit which was the biggest vote in UK history. Brits voted to leave not to have a remainer deal which delivers nothing resembling a real Brexit. The remainer establishment are reversing our vote. No deal is now the best deal &amp; the only way to truly get freedom
Oil industry engineered protests like Brexit ?
Brexit coming in clutch for us uk bois
#xfactor2018 change the rules as you go? sound a bit like Brexit to me!
Meet ‘Posh George’: The Shady Money Man Tangled Up With Brexit, Russia, and Trump via
Hey! Jeremy! Theresa! Why play chicken with on railway lines when you can play chicken with a whole country?
brexit must be down to city
Ahh yes the brexit secretary...i assume like the previous one you are like secretaries used 2 B make the tea, put out the biccies, fetch the PM &amp; Hammonds shirts, book taxis etc...Genuine question.. do they let let you into the room when they are doing the 'real work'?
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams | Politics | The Guardian
sorry mate this woman is speaking up for herself and her beliefs I may disagree with her on Brexit but this a free world and male and females need to speak up. So David are you coming from the prehistoric age this a land of equal right so shut up and go forth and multiply
The UK voted for Brexit lad the UK as a whole. Your boys had the chance to go your own way and ya arses fell oot.
And that is BEFORE Brexit happens...
Does it guarantee my FoM? Does it guarantee the exact same frictionless trade as we have now? ... No! Shove the ridiculous deal &amp; pathetic cries for unity! Why didn’t you unite with pro EU position, you expect me to do what you wouldn’t! I will not support stupidity ie Brexit!
Queen has 'duty' to make Jeremy Corbyn PM if Theresa May’s Brexit deal fails, says John McDonnell
Once the post Brexit dust settles, and the finger pointing starts in earnest, Corbyn and the Labour will have to answer for the failure to challenge Brexit, May and so-called populism.
#AshleyRoberts in the dance off???? She’s without question, to a layperson, technically, the best dancer. This is how #Brexit happened
The non-Brits guide to Brexit (because it affects you too)
There are no pro remain and pro Brexit parties any more there are democratic parties and anti democratic parties, get with it
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
It isn't Brexit. End of explanation
I think it states very clearly, we're out of all restrictions #EU impose, #UK will take control of agricultural and fishing, control our borders, delivering a clean #Brexit can she so blatantly get away with categorically lying. I'm now confused what #BrexitDeal is delivering
The Observer view on Brexit and the fractured state of Europe | Observer editorial
Where was your plan for Brexit? You are just shouting from the grandstand.... as per usual.
This young man hits the nail right on the head every time
Whilst one of the former pillars of Western strength paralyses itself with #Brexit idiocy, #Russia is escalating its war on the free world. I guess #Putin got what he paid for. #Britain #Ukraine #BlackSea #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos
Well, I suspect that at least we'd get Brexit with rather than the expensive purgatory proposed by Mrs May. Yes. It shows how important is Brexit if we are even considering Mr Corbyn.
Brexit on hold until after WWIII. #Ukraine
We have MI6 assisting in the coup on President Trump, you have ignored the BREXIT vote and the royal family seem very friendly with paedo's. The elites are showing utter contempt for UK citizens and democracy and the rule of law.
As is, if Brexit is (hopefully) cancelled before it's done. Obv no one can say if UK applying to rejoin years later, tho I doubt that the current UK rebate would be on offer!
That, and Trump and Putin are due to meet at next week's G20. This assumes politicians are in command though. Events are moving too fast for that, the respective militarise are in control. Very possible none of this was wanted by Putin
Love is in the air despite the #Brexit break up. German trade Minister takes inspiration from ‘s Love declaration die #Germany one week ago. For the record: I love both, Britain and France, too.
We havent lost yet. Mays deal may have kicked no deal brexit into touch but it clears the wsy for #Remain
Better get used to it... #Brexit
“Integrity” That’s a fine word to use now - “adherence to moral &amp; ethical principles” - “sound of moral character” - “honesty” Ehh! - but AH! Now I see what you mean Secretary .... “the state of being whole” You’re thinking about the state of the whole United Kingdom - once GB.
Looks like Brexit is going down the pan. How predictable :-)
Some good responses to Theresa May's Brexit Letter to the nation: (4/5) Twitter thread by Steve Bullock:
But there cannon be a "no Brexit" option without new legislation
Arlene. Flicked. Her. Hair. #GettingSerious
It must get infuriating - people tweeting you about Brexit in reply to something totally unrelated - and serious.
'Give up SOVEREIGNTY to EU' Merkel's swipe at UK amid threat to DERAIL Brexit
After Brexit, we all wanted to be PM, the chair was pulled out for him but he wouldn't sit down. As a comprehensive boy who has reached financial security by digging in by my fingernails, I cannot understand this public schoolboy desire for a coronation. Fight man!
Continued obsession with power. Personally don't want to be complicit in an entity that revels in its ability to "boss" smaller countries around,
Vocal racist. Trump mate. Mercers-Bannon! Brexit Putin wet dream.
They haven't emerged, there was no Brexit. But if you spend some time on twitter you will find lots of people who already lost their jobs or businesses.
But several hours after his hangover clears he'll need to explain to Brussels there's no £39bn then German business that there's no more preferential access... He'll be back to the bottle rapidly after that #Brexit #DitchTheDeal
I'm genuinely surprised they managed to get Deborah away from her phone and angrily tweeting about how much she hates brexit. #dragonsden
David, Today, I read in the Telegraph, that you have pledged to vote down Theresa Mays disastrous Withdrawal Agreement. I would like to thank you. As you know, your constituency voted to Leave the EU, and this agreement goes nowhere near fulfilling Brexit.
I hated Tony Blair’s New Labour Govt. which left us with a box ticking, target driven, bureaucratic ridden, economically ruined, vacuous celebrity idolising state. And I blame him entirely for the WMD debacle. However, he’s 100% right on #Brexit
Look I am a business owner and Brexit is a disaster. That is not open to question. We are being asked to bet on long term benefits that may never materialise. No thanks. If I wanted to bet I’d go to the bookmakers.
Awaiting your counter-rebuttal. Or will you just hold another press-conference with Treason May telling us in her robotic voice: 'This is the right deal for the UK'?
I'm sick to death of this Brexit. The country is fucked already. I doubt a gang of corrupt people in Brussels will make life any better that the ones in parliament under any party. Hate all of them.
Hang on, we were promised adequate food supplies! I was looking forward to my adequate food.
T M has successfully killed Democracy and destroyed the Conservative Party with this shambles of a Brexit sell out.
eye opening research by about links between those pushing for hard brexit, climate sceptics and US neocons.
Bullshit. No-deal, WTO Brexit is the only next LEGAL step.
Now why would they be trying to scupper Mays Deal! - here’s a theory amendments added to unamendable meaningful vote- for 2nd Referendum- Deal chucked - new Referendum called rigged by Establishment- No Brexit- this has been the plan all along! Stinking Establishment coup!
To quote one of his friends... ‘Lock him up, lock him up.’
#BrexitDeal What happens to Gibraltar? What happens to Northern Ireland? WHAT HAPPENS TO OUR LEAD GUITARIST??! #saveourfrenchy #rock #EnRo #guitarist #newmusic #londonband #Brexit #rockmusic #RockBand #livemusic
Good work making the World a safer Place ,Unlike our Prime minister over here in the UK Who is sell out the country to the EU against what the People voted for .. #Brexit #MayMustGoNow #FISAdeclassify
#Brexit: France would use fishing demands as 'leverage' in trade talks
EU leaders okay Brexit deal with UK #NigerianTribune
It was a loan! Which without you &amp; your country would have had mass starvation &amp; no money left at all. You DIDN'T tell us to leave, brexit! It's people like you who deserve to starve &amp; lose all moneys &amp; assets!
Like President Sturgeon is any better. Claims Scotland is ignored because a higher turnout didn't want brexit, but ignores that fact that Scotland wanted to remain in the UK by 55% lmao.
If Brexit does happen, do I have until the end of the transition period to get out, or only until the end of this coming March? #byebyeBritain #sinkingship #TitanicwithoutheEdwarianfinery #fuxit
So Chris, if Brexit does ultimately mean the people of Bolton become worse off through Brexit, I assume you will resign from your position? It is the only honourable option for you after all. Nobody in Bolton voted to be poorer or have inferior services.
I agree, it is time to get behind a deal which delivers on the Brexit referendum....Could you please start negotiating one???
No Brexit isn't an option.
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
EU agrees to 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May via
Exactly
This is the third way.... Reality. Reality that you backed the wrong side when it came to your own side and now face being separated from a Union that at its core would cast Northern Ireland aside to get that precious Hard Brexit.
Which 'Brexit' did we vote for you ask? The LEAVE THE EU BREXIT!!! What part of LEAVE exactly do you not understand (((Dan)))???
What #Brexit deal do you support? Please vote below and retweet so that we can get a representative sample.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
‘Strewth’ is a word apparently 5 chin-ups before lunch Terminator 5 Brexit - You won’t be back Secondary glazing A nice cold compress should help Pistol Pete McGlyre Centres of Excellence Standing Room only Egg and cress sarnies
I am well aware of what Brexit is currently doing hence I voted Remain. But I'm also aware of the number of Labour voters who voted Leave and I'm aware that if we have a second vote whatever the result we'll still have a Tory Government. Who are killing people. See the UN report.
EL4C I hate having to keep rolling this video out. But not as much as I hate STILL seeing people saying that Labour haven’t been challenging the Tories on Brexit. Please, sit down and allow us to serve you a huge helping of actual FACTS....
I wonder what will history make of this.
Brexit deal explained: backstops, trade and citizens' rights
Imagine - Brexit Britain with a Corbyn led government - too awful for words.
European Union leaders on Sunday sealed a divorce deal with Britain, and issued a warning to U.K. politicians who within weeks will approve or reject it — this offer is as good as it gets.
The figure show she hasn't got a mandate to reverse Brexit and she doesn't speak for majority of scots.
Not happening.... the ERG and those fools thought they had the numbers.. fact is.. soft Brexit with a phased handover of NI back into the rest of the country is a good outcome.. #BackTheBrexitDeal
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Putin knows he has 14-16 months at best to frame advantage of U.S. and U.K. weakness and whatever hold he has on Trump and the GOP. Brexit and Trump are his two most successful career gambits and it’s the endgame now - he will take as much as he thinks he can get away with now.
Being "orderly" is probably the greatest virtue of the #Withdrawal Agt. However negotiations on the "Future Relationship" are likely to be just as DIS-orderly as those of the past twenty months. The best interest of #Ireland must be for #UK to remain in EU.
#Brexit EU deal as succoured by TM . the bad fairy curse. So much for 'cordial agreement'. EU should watch its own back, Thanks.
Blowtorching a document or hitting it with a hammer are not effective ways of obliterating it. Clearly, the time of the experts is over.
Or you could - I don't know - live up to the results of the referendum you already had calling for BREXIT. Not that the results of a legal vote by the regular folks should matter to the aristocracy.
UK Tories are achieving what Hitler failed to do - turn the UK into a European colony
Theresa May Gets Booed | Remainers and Brexiteers Disprove of Brexit Deal via
Can’t wait for MPs to vote against the Brexit “deal”. It’s the fucking great train robbery all over again but in front of our fecking faces!!
Some good responses to Theresa May's Brexit Letter to the nation: (5/5) My cursory response to her letter:
So how come we didn’t hear about this before? #Brexit #WhoToBelieve? #NoDeal #IsThisCobblersOrIsItTrue?
Brexit got its Spanish knickers in a twist so it removed them - and so now what?
OK so let's see where we are with #Brexit 1/ the government is clearly scared Shitless by no deal as this story in the daily mail proves
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Theresa Mays #Brexit deal is shit and both leavers remainers hate it. This is not Mays fault as any deal would always be inferior to EU membership
The deal itself leaves many unanswered questions and unresolved issues which guarantees the whole bloody #Brexit thing will run for years and years and years and I'm sure we are all effing sick of it before it's even happened.
The majority of those who voted for Brexit, voted for a lie. It is a catastrophe for the country. Our politicians, who don't know their ass from their elbow at the best of times, are now just a bunch of asses.
The EU has made it clear that thus is the end of the negotiation so it is unlikely that any significant further concessions can be extracted so there's no way out there #Brexit
Im southtamerican but I wonder is anyone different or better at all? Look at Brexit, Trump in the US , inmigrants, saudi arabia doing what it pleases. Are we really that crazy?
Which leaves us in a situation where there is neither a #Brexit deal nor is no deal an option which is unquestionably an impasse
Some moot the possibility of a general election but since 2017GE e back fired so spectacularly I doubt the tories will want to one especially with unresolved brexit hanging over their heads and neither will the DUP which will lose its leverage
And that means thst the only way out of the impasse is a second referendum which must be a straight legally binding choice of no deal or remain #Brexit
Even if it is another leave vote this will have the merit from the perspective of your average mp of absolving parliament from any blame for the consequences of no deal #Brexit
So I'm nailing my colours to the mast and predicting another referendum will be announced by Christmas #Brexit
Simon Cowell is becoming a Brexit poster boy! I don't like the result so I'll just change the rules! Cowell for Prime Minister.... #XFactor
Well deserved Tony. Thanks for your amazing insights and updates on Brexit over the last two and half years.
Can someone sensible like or explain why May's Brexit deal is so "bad"? UK is on track for an UK-EU FTA with associated compromises on both sides by end 2022. Brexiteer claims of treachery all stem from assumed EU / UK establishment mendacity?
I'm sure Putin has zero clue of when Mueller moves but he definitely has an opportune moment with UK focused on Brexit, Trump doing God knows what, etc
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Excuse me do you know as a sensible Labour MP?!
Brexit sundering ‘precious union’.
How the #Brexit deal was reached
It's not just coming. It's already UK law in every material sense and would be regardless of our EU membership.
When a war criminal thinks he knows best.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
MPs have always enjoyed the freedom of Europe. Now they want to impose controls on the next generation, that will deprive them of the same ability to transform their lives. How can Mrs May pretend this is a good idea? She is the worst PM in living memory #Brexit wrecksit
Not a fact, extremely eradicable, next
We don't drink the tap water anyway to many chemicals in it and people p*ss in the reservoirs and other things. And is some of it French owned.??????
This is not considering that the EU must make an example of the UK, to prevent further defections.
Banging on about Brexit I expect! #DrWho
Theresa May waits … and waits for Brexit
Making a success of Brexit - video no. 253...
AMEN #PEACE #JOHNLENNON #FREETOMMYROBINSON = STEPHEN LENNON BOTH BRITS TOMMY POLITICAL PRISONER OF #UK #BREXIT
Perhaps at some point MPs might wake up to the fact that about 50% of voters are crying out for a viable new party to fight Brexit? #BrexitDeal
Maybe he’s used the self brainwashing technique adopted by his boss.
New post (France's Macron says prepared for all options on Brexit) has been published on newsofdayonline -
Oh no!
Because her job is done. She has delivered on the referendum result. If Brexit now fails she too can wash her hands of it and blame either Parliament or the people. So bring on the #PeoplesVote and let's give Treeza someone to blame! #Remain #BetterTogether #ExitFromBrexit
Will those responsible for voting on the Brexit deal read, digest, and understand all its contents before they vote?
Good thread.
Funny how the haters give Faye a free pass coz she's a British DANCER... Brexit voters perchance?
The latest The Richard Headland Daily! Thanks to #brexit #forbesunder30
May tries to seal Brexit deal in Brussels via
Corbyn is as deluded as May, as stupid as May, as obdurate as May, and like May lives in a world devoid of any concept of what the national interest actually means.
Think this will be the case eventually. #brexit.
Surely as good a visual representation as any to highlight the broader geopol and econ complexities around Brexit as discussed in most recent ?
Putin knows he has 14-16 months at best to take advantage of U.S. and U.K. weakness and whatever hold he has on Trump and the GOP. Brexit and Trump are his two most successful career gambits and it’s the endgame now - he will take as much as he thinks he can get away with now.
Yawn. A show on brexit again, how original. Think i'll watch TV instead then.
Where has the No Brexit come from. Wasn't the vote in the Referrendum and in Parliament to leave? Or have we all missed something?
Couldn't be put much better than that.
What a bunch of amateurs! #Brexit
The doomsday scenarios were based on leaving right there and then. Every pronouncement May has made, the pound has devalued. That is a fact. We've already lost more money on GDP than Brexit would have saved.
Trump + Brexit = a free hand for Putin. Of course there is no way that any senior Leave campaigners knew this nor that their aid was enlisted to make this happen. None at all.
That journo from the beeb outs Theresa May as the LIAR she is. Thank you Laura.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’. Could this be the excuse the Gov need? - “Well sorry we’ll have to re-run it for you...” #peoplesvote
When the Brexit Dept. looked at the transition period.
Waiting is working in what sense? Waiting whilst Tory policies kill hundreds of thousands of people? Waiting whilst Brexit destroys jobs, families, tax revenue, social cohesion and our international reputation? For shame!
You have sold is down the river. All the way through you have said 'no deal is better than a bad deal' no you are saying 'this deal or no brexit'. You have shown your true colours as a remain voter and are trying to stay aligned to the EU.
Like it, the Globalist in the E.U. TEAR HER ARM OFF Sold Britain out to keep the Cancer of globalism going for the ZDS AND THE CITY OF LONDON got to keep the thieves happy
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at Brussels summit via
I see Russia is having some fun in the Ukraine again, did Brexit and Trump get too boring for them
Can we please have an Inside no. 9 Christmas special with Theresa May living in poverty in a post-apocalyptic Brexit world and realising the error of her ways?
Further to the narrow margin in the #Brexit referendum, feels like ‘the deal’ has sought to be treated like a mediation. Neither side wins but neither side loses approach. Let’s hope the law prevails and finds the referendum void in time for a peaceful Christmas.
Because there are several conflicting versions of Brexit, anyone attempting to implement it will be doomed to failure. Cue accusations of “betrayal”. Very similar to communism &amp; fundamentalist religions - a perfect world hasn’t arrived, so it must have been betrayed.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Tories sell out fishermen AGAIN!
Assume total coincidence happening while Europe is weakened by Brexit which obviously had no outside interference
You know those mornings you wake up after a night out and start getting flashbacks and cringe because of something you’ve said or done? Well this bloke is doing one of those things, and sober by the looks of it!
I live in Castle Point, Brexit central. Tell me how we depend on the EU the most.
Like Iraq Brexit is an act of unprovoked self harm:
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard #news #business #california
Yeah WTF alright . Why would Russia be interested in George Cottrell's legal docs unless it had something to do with Farage, Brexit, and/or what happened when he and Farage were in America in 2016?
Four scenarios for the Bank of England and Brexit. There could well be others but we couldn't fit them all in
We ain't seen nuthin yet. Brexit will be a calamity for public services, whether red or blue are in charge
To any recent Brexit related followers. The Ukraine, Russia, Syria, Libya, Croatia, Algeria, Libya, Italy and Germany related stuff is what I actually do for a living
"Anyone feeling cavalier about the value of the Good Friday Agreement to British and Irish life could do worse than watch this bleak but essential film about the Maguire family" (The Guardian) Tonight on BBC2 10pm #brexit #irishbackstop
Prime Minister Theresa May UK in her BREXIT deal with EU has stopped the flow of immigrants to UK Not once has she been called a RACIST at the same time POTUS tries to secure the border to protect USA he's called a RACIST&amp; more so unfair
Here’s the DeExEU actual data that proves there’s no extra money (there’s less) in ALL #brexit scenarios.
Will Hutton - the economist / Guardian columnist who would rather have Tory austerity, than Corbyn investment in the UK. Just another FBPE Blairite. But some economist...
I love the logic of the remainiacs who blame Brexit for the awful deal that was created by remainers! A true Brexit supporting leader would've never ended up with such garbage
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
She’s a callous, gutless, spineless, heartless example of a human being yet professes to be a Christian. Power and her desperation to cling to it will be her downfall. It cannot come soon enough. #PeoplesVote
The UK majority of voters chose Brexit, and the EU Socialists have been trying to overturn that vote ever since.
We won't have to worry about Brexit. Russia is starting WW3 in Crimea by shooting at Ukrainian Ships
Dear PM, I will write to you further tomorrow but in the meantime, I am deeply insulted by your letter where the only claimed benefit of Brexit is ending freedom of movement, but you totally failed to deliver Tory immigration policy in the time you were Home Sec.
One stone kill two birds, we need a no deal brexit to get rid of the remainers cabinet.
Leave with no deal, accept Theresa May's abject surrender document or take a #PeoplesVote . Please RT for a wider sample #Brexit #EU
After the outcome of the EU Referendum, Theresa May had no intention of uniting the country. She nailed her colours to the mast of the Hard-line Tory Brexiteers for her own leadership ambitions and preservation. Two years later, the UK is still divided and in limbo over #Brexit.
I thought Leiber &amp; Stoller's 'Is that all there is?' could do for her Brexit 'deal'? Peggy Lee version will do.
"No Brexit" is not an option. Referendum result was leave, no people's vote, no "no Brexit", May's deal or WTO and May's deal f*cking stinks of big business money and EU collusion.
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
All I want for Christmas is the end of this timeline plus Mueller to save the West from itself.
No deal leave means leave
Sadly, removing religion will not free us from modern collective distempers of the mind, they will merely find new formats... Brexit being the most recent example.
Theresa May's Brexit begging letter to the nation: A pack of lies and a pitiful plea for approval - via
You can say you want Brexit, but your Brexit is not your neighbour’s Brexit. That’s another major point why it’s so difficult.
Understatement #brexit The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
To me there is no doubt leaving the EU will break up the UK. I live in what was a predominantly "stay" area in the 2014 Scottish Indy Ref, but, due to #Brexit opinion seems to have shifted hugely. Not even folk who wavered, hard core "stay" folk are now all for Independence!
the irony of Gina Miller saving brexit by campaigning for parliament to have the final say is fantastic!! surely they vote this horrendous "deal" down
We in the UK have been caught up in the middle of a Conservative civil war. May we come back when this bullshit is sorted?
#Brexit: France would use fishing demands as 'leverage' in trade talks
I don't think I am being to harsh. The eu told him to sod off when he asked for reformation of the eu, he then threatened a brexit vote. He should have had a plan if the vote was to leave. He never and spent a lot of public money on convincing us to remain.
Bollocks seems an appropriate and not particularly rude word for Brexit nonsense. It’s about as offensive as, say, “Ovaries to Brexit”. TONSILS TO BREXIT.
#Brexit: France would use fishing demands as 'leverage' in trade talks
"If you like my Brexit deal and you think I'm sexy..."
We now know the details of this so-called Brexit. Now is the time. WE have a choice. Let's not make the same mistake again. #indyref2
Only time this moron ever ever visited Ireland was to the DUP burning of the PM recently.
Doctor Who, episode 8, review: 'The Witchfinders' is Jodie Whittaker's scariest outing yet - The Independent - why’s every episode gotta have either a historic story of someone being wronged or a dig at some current issue is next week a story about Brexit?
THERESA MAY’s BREXIT PLAN B; “WAR WITH RUSSIA” as today UK Forces hit Russia in #Ukraine &amp; #Syria.
Whole point of my tweet is she doesn’t represent me..... a lot of that is her past a lot is she simply doesn’t represent the shifting sands of BREXIT.
Kill boris... Lol
‘Which part of Theresa May’s political career ever showed heart and soul?’
Why Switzerland is worried about UK trade after Brexit
Ohh. I'd heard he was heading up the Brexit negotiations
I hope the MPs are reading this as the Brexit electorate need you
United we stand, devided we fall. This is a great day for #PUTINism, #XIism and #TRUMPism. #brexit
9th Dec London 11:45am #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch #Brexit #NoDeal #LeaveMeansLeave
As I predicted, West did not lift a finger. Not even oral protest - EU is busy with its Brexit, and US is awaiting real government in January. Once again, Ukraine is left to defend Democracy alone.
Labour will also vote against No Deal. They want a General Election. If the Tories don't want Corbyn want Brexit and want to save their Party they should back Teresa May.
SNPs Brexit Policy.... Waaaaaaa!!!!! Waaaaaaa!!!!! IndeeeeeeeeeerereeeRefff!!!!!! Waaaaaaa!!!!!!!
The mist of the fountain carried fragmented radio voice excerpts: ‘UK staying in a customs union post-brexit…Downing Street…waters…trade negotiations…EU heads…red lines…’ #art #drawing #psychogeography #brexit #writing
You've a fucking prick you, you're making Corbyn look good. Your brexit it shit
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
Did anyone hear a massive, massive IRONY KLAXON go off just then?
Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit
Sadly according to Mr Peston and others, many Brexit voters thought that we would get £350 million to spend on the NHS each week, and no costs, scales now falling from eyes. In a democracy people can change their minds!
No Blair was not Axis but a Axis "Multinational Multi-Party Bipartisan Neoliberal Union Scab Stacking Utopian Re-Education Vertical Labour Camp Patrician Attritionist Nazi Pilot Fish Drone." :| #Brexit #Auspol
In sadness, EU leaders approve historic Brexit deal
We have MI6 assisting in the coup on President Trump, you have ignored the BREXIT vote and the royal family seem very friendly with paedo's. The elites are showing utter contempt for UK citizens and democracy and the rule of law.
There is NO Final Exit unless the EU agrees. EU wants to continue to control 90% of British fisheries and refuse world trade deals unless under EU agreement on the terms of trade. SELL OUT BY MAY.
Yes, the world will indeed move on... without us. In post-Brexit Britain the 1950s are here to stay.
Bogus Brexit: Globalist Gloating Begins! Macron: Britain Will Surrender Fishing Waters Stupid Greedy Globalists have the petal to the metal in search of a domestic revolution.
If the EU were soon to collapse due to global financial problems then #Brexit would seem like such a huge waste of energy. But ofcourse that won't happen, will it?
On the day Theresa May produces her Brexit letter, the Dragons win. Coincidence? Or something more sinister?
Typical response from you like brexit -oh I don’t like that-have no idea what to realistically do about it but I’ll whinge and sell newspapers
15 years ago, we ignored Charles Kennedy’s warnings about the Iraq war – today, they directly apply to Brexit - The Independent
Agree, we should request our MPs to push for No deal, otherwise known as a clean Brexit.
Brexit will never end.
you can do absolutely massive numbers trying to astroturf some crisis in the labour party. just tweet some shit like 'jeremy corbyn planted the seed of brexit and it's destroying the roots of the labour party as we know it!!!' and you get like 3k lib dems retweeting it
Sunday News: Mexico rebukes Trump, Brexit update, WikiLeaks controversy, and Australian elections
Completely agree Michael, but you forgot to say that without Corbyn #tories would have had majority after last election and #brexit would not have gone to Parliament for final say
I find it incredibley offensive that think they can rely on our votes while ignoring the membership an remainers to appeal to leavers. Give us a people's vote or loose your core voters! That's the reality
and yet they still refuse to listen when Michel Barnier and the other 27 members say there is only this deal or a no deal Brexit so what does Comrade Corbyn say "we can negotiate our deal" newsflash it's not going to be another deal EU says so!! so NO DEAL it is then!!!
Debate without a fact checker to moderate before going on air?
Can't May just say, "We're fucked. Brexit is shit. I didn't want it and those who voted are thick a mud"? Oh &amp;if anybody is going to reply with the don't fall into namecalling etc for Brexiteers line, I haven't. That was the politest phrase I could find for them. #BrexitShambles
Sure you do. And what do you know about my and my family's EU reciprocal rights? Or what the loss of them will do to us? Economic policies or not, Brexit was cause by a complete absence of civics education. It wasn't poverty that cause people to vote against their own interests.
Tirelessly given away our country, our sovereignty, our money. Damn disgrace, worst PM in history! Any1 backing this deal selling it as brexit should just resign now because Tories are just handing Labour the keys to No 10. I will never vote Tories again if this deal goes through
Macron warns Britain will be FORCED into the 'backstop' over fishing Britain will take back what's rightly her's reason why the people of Britain voted to Brexit as well as a goodbye to EU dictators !
Brexit deal sell-out protects barbaric trade of sending live animals abroad for slaughter
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
Didn’t someone tell you last week that they’d made such a balls of it that Brexit had to happen now!
He's the best labour leader in years, I never had any interest in politics until I accidently heard speaking so passionately in the commons and could relate to every word he said #JC4PM #SocialistSunday #SocialistSunday #Brexit #IstandwithHarry #GeneralElection
Even Tory Laura's telling the truth, now...!!! Mrs Mayhem's doomed...!!!
Look out, Theresa May is touring the country selling her brexit deal over the next 3 weeks. She wants to speak to real people. Explain how her deal works for everyone. Here's how it went with her brexit secretary:
This !
They’ll deny it’s happening. All an MI5 conspiracy. It’s Westminster’s plot to deflect attention from Brexit.
May not sad. A matter of opinion.
Briexit is going the way jc wants and he wants a hard brexit to get around eu rules so they take public ownership of the water power and trains etc.. the 6 tests is bullshit so they can vote against any torie deal and force a ge
Posted...
That is exactly what we require.
Not worth 39p let alone 39Bn. We must be stupid. EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
everyone's talking about 'Brexit' instead of my fearless and pioneering campaign to put a sad twink on the cover of Men's Health
17.4 million people say 'yes'
But surely Arron the biggest betrayal of British interests'ever'...is someone working for the Russians and lying about Brexit?
SHE doesn't want to spend any more time arguing about Brexit.
U.K. and E.U. Leaders Clinch Brexit Divorce Terms
Disgraceful. You should consider what we voted for back in 2016 Referendum. This is not #Brexit it's a sell out. NO DEAL is better than this hash up. MAY must go. Hope Devizes Voters remember who you backed come 2022 Election.
"No one has reasons to be happy"
Great article....Merry Christmas
How has #Brexit vote affected UK #economy? November verdict 2018
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
we need to hear from you about this issue. Don't always running from the problem is not enough with #Brexit! Be a gentleman.
What did they vote for? No deal, Norway, Norway +, Canada, ‘soft Brexit’ Switzerland??? Which of these deals DO YOU KNOW they voted for?
#Brexit. I have asked this question so many times. This is the last time. I have never had an answer. What is the benefit to the general British population?
Yes this is without doubt BETRAYAL.
Brexit is just another name for right wing, racist and bigoted madness. The best thing for Europe and the rest of the globe, is to end this Brexit hate, in its tracks. EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
Regarding the French demanding continued fishing rights in British waters after Brexit....in the real world, you don’t get to continue shagging your ex after the divorce! #doonemacron
This is for you -
When have we ever heard May being positive about Brexit, never, why? Because she's always been a remainer.
I live in a community that relies heavily on fishing. Brexit is going to screw us over big time, because most of what's caught here is sold in the EU. There's just no market for it in the UK.
after well over 2 and a half years...what have you all been dithering about at! #Brexit
Rigor mortis jerking Frankensteining Vampyrical sympathy leeching #brexit sell out. Turnip ? Any one ?
I like the democratic process in strictly. The people are generally sensible but sometimes make insane decisions, so they get overuled by the experts. And the people accept that. Maybe we should re run brexit through the medium of strictly. STRICTLY BREXIT.
Hi Andrew. We published a thread on this yesterday. Our view: it could be a delaying tactic and we simply do not have the time. The leadership must endorse a #PeoplesVote if there is no GE. By then all other options will have been exhausted.
This looks like getting desparate to try and save the #NotFitforPurpose #WorstBrexitDeal from #Brexit oblivion
More data that opposes the Remain view of a cliff edge Brexit
Brexit does mean Brexit &amp; No deal is better than a bad deal but Theresa May is bringing us the best possible deal in the National Interest due to strong &amp; stable leadership. Do I have to listen to this for another 3 weeks b4 she gets what the British people want is for her to go
while we were busy with nonsense Brexit others were preparing ...
Does nobody get it .. the GFA was voted on after seeing the full text of the agreement. The EU brexit was voting on before any text agreement and was based on lies, false stories and Boris Johnson's badly polished turds #Brexit
It's funny you should say Mrs May isn't anybody's heroine because, to Brexiters, her expensive purgatory is what we think Remoaners want. Paying for Brexit without the benefits. Hence our confusion when they don't idolise Mrs May.
Sorry couldn't give a fuck about brexit Mrs May sort out strictly . Trained dancers . It's just cheating .
It's weird, all the pro-Remain organisations and personalities who regularly pat themselves on the back about being so much smarter that Corbyn failed to make any real headway in stopping Brexit but it's also claimed Corbyn could've done what they couldn't.
FFS Hugh, Corbyn supports the Tory Brexit yet you support him.
Why are you interfering in a domestic UK situation with Brexit by bank rolling pro EU groups?
rt if you agree JT MP!
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
“we’ll be shooting ourselves in the face more more slowly than we actually wanted, but we’ll still be doing it! yay!"
Well, well...
One of the consequences of Brexit will be that the UK will cease to be a party to the WTO Government Procurement Agreement, that grants its parties (i.e. companies from the respective countries) access to the...
All of the UK establishment parties including UKIP have failed the people, it is time for real change #FreeTommy #WeThePeople #WWG1WGA #Freedom #WalkAway #Qanon #AslansArmy #ControlledMSM #GreatAwakening #BrexitAlliance the World is watching #spygate tick tock NO DEAL BREXIT
1/ 'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected - May As opposed to division and the certainty of a bad deal? Great wonderful job you've done. You've managed to bring together remain and brexit voters in something they finally agree
But it's not a new one to anyone who's paid the slightest attention to the news around Brexit. Google '55 Tufton St. "
Seems there's already been some significant changes since the EU deal earlier. #Brexit
Ah, so Brexit.
Some interesting court cases coming up over the next couple of weeks which may/may not have a huge impact re Brexit
"There is a chance that Brexit will not happen"
Someone just retweeted this maniac onto my TL. If that happens again, unfollows will occur.
EU leaders gave her #Brexit deal but warned that the U.K. Parliament must vote for the plan it stands because negotiations will not be reopened via
Please cover this, if you can, on one of your shows this week. Its so sinister and frankly, terrifying. More so that nobody else is talking about this.
more bollocks from the . Just to recap : it it Scotland and not the SNP that voted to remain in the EU in the referendum. BBC please stop the #brexit propaganda
‘Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power’
Why is it that commentators like &amp; whenever a #Labour politician is interviewed, the #msm acted as if Labour have been in power for the last few years &amp; are some how complacent whenever something goes wrong! It is boring &amp; lazy journalism.
She’s wrong. But then she’s never really listened to the people has she! Brexit = tax dodging! #StopBrexitSaveBritain #ToriesOut
By reading this article, I now feel May's Brexit deal might well be passed. It's all planned out for rich ppl's sake.
I disagree. The Brexit deal being pushed by May is calamitous and she needs to know about it.
Damn the man to hell and back. Now we are lied to by another Tory liar but this time a woman. #scrapthedeal #deal #EU #brexit
I told you so, but you had to go. Where is the #love for our #children and #grandchildren? #Brexit will always be on our minds.
The latest The live Wire! Daily! Thanks to #adelaide #brexit
Urrr no, it’s a reason for delivering the Brexit that people did want. And that doesn’t require going on bender knees to the EU either.
May has fucked it all up. There is no way this savage slaughter can be allowed. She’s a vile traitor who has sold us all out and clearly her morals are ZERO
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard • r/worldnews
expects viability for a Spanish Gibraltar? He must have no idea what is coming up. We'll see... #Europe #Gibraltar #Brexit #Frontier #spain #uk #UE
Brexit approved by EU today. Go long on the GBP/USD when market opens. Beautiful TA too.
Dreadful No deal is better than this dogs breakfast
Brexit: EU says British citizens will not need visas to visit member states in event of no deal - The Independent
That's what Brexit is.
2027. Post Brexit Londoners discuss how it was the Labour Party’s fault it all went wrong.....
I saw it and immediately thought the same. Russia influencing Brexit AGAIN!!
I'm not sure you've got Brexit. Don't worry, neither has Mrs May.
Prediction: #Britain will be too distracted by #BrexitChaos to notice, thanks to you &amp; your #Brexiter mates. #Brexit #Blacksea #Russia #Ukraine #PunchingBelowOurWeight
EARLIER Tories Abandon #Gibraltar: Spain gets #Brexit leverage ... and FISHING MAY BE NEXT
That's a really good point. That stupid referendum was so vague that we could have had any outcome from it. So insisting on saying that this deal wasn't the one they voted for is childish.
Brexit Vs India Explained | Stock Market Risk | Tamil | Vicky | Pokkisham | TP
Tells you all you need to know about May’s Brexit deal.
Clarifying some misconceptions about EU membership, Article 50, and UK law. Every person that doesn’t like where Brexit is going should have their name on this one.
The Brexit deal is simply a damn-fool plan drawn up in response to the result of a referendum involving lies, illegality and foreign interference. May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. | Matthew d’Ancona | Opinion | The Guardian
Maybe if he put Stop Brexit on a 10 foot stone obelisk everything will be fixed?
This doesn’t make any sense. Pro-Remain/public vote candidates wouldn’t leave the party. They would be reselected/selected by their CLPs as official Labour candidates. Party divisions would be exploited by Labour’s opponents and fatally undermine Labour’s campaign.
Can I write back telling her to fuck off or nah?
The politicians didn't listen then......will they this time?
I see Richard Burgon has passed the Seumus Milne course on not answering questions, and avoiding giving anything on #Brexit. If he is a 'rising star' in #Corbyn's Labour, they are shafted. Won't even say how he would vote in a 2nd referendum. Plonker. #Marr
Leave didn’t just behave badly: they literally broke the actual law to win. 52-48 on a bent campaign is not a mandate, and certainly not for a hard brexit. Ignoring the facts that are now plain &amp; admitted by our own govt will not be remembered well.
Thank you for including me. I’m in London now, and see with my eyes what #brexit and #Farage and #May did so far...Never seen so many poor people sleeping in the streets...SHAME on #Tories SHAME on #Brexit
We cannot allow this to happen, leave under WTO guidelines
My current view on the Brexit deal on the table: Better to have a less than satisfactory car than no car at all. Has had a few dodgy owners but with work could be a decent stopgap. Maybe get a good trade-in later rather than bitching about the garage. And get back on forecourt.
And that’s precisely what you voted for, you tedious dolts. Hurts when Project Fear bites a whopping chunk out of your arse, dunnit?
EU leaders have signed off on the Brexit agreement negotiated with Theresa May, described as“the worst deal in history” by Leavers.
So basically, she’s a liar
Watch: The Welsh port town of Holyhead voted to leave in the EU referendum: "We were hoodwinked and we let it happen....' (via ) Do not miss the young people who are asked how Holyhead voted, and how they would vote now (0.38 - 1.28)
As opposed to division and the certainty of a bad deal? Great wonderful job you've done. You've managed to bring together remain and brexit voters in something they finally agree on... That this is a terrible deal that gives us all the probl…
Leading Brexit negotiations Pete?
Interesting. The main German TV news program chooses to lede with Brexit, and *not* with the latest from Russian moves towards Ukraine.
Unlike Brexit where there the government claim there is no get out claws (sic), on a farm there is always scope for get out hooves.
I’m not so anti the deal as some here but fundamentally how does the public get behind and support this deal or otherwise without a referendum or election? I certainly don’t approve of a no deal Brexit and that wasn’t what leave primarily campaigned for.
Corbyn was and is pro-Brexit.
Ah we’re here are we? Where the people who shouted the loudest about wanting brexit the most start trying to pin the blame anywhere but themselves. It was depressingly predictable.
Sounds unlikely to me - Tories would be in absolute turmoil in those circs. But, even if you're right, still come back to fact that it would be (literally) incredible for Lab to go into a Brexit crisis election without saying what their Brexit policy was.
I couldn't care less about brexit but what about strictly . Cheating having trained dancers
Thread.
This lays bare the true situation. Mrs May &amp; Co are not fit to lead the UK. Leaving aside the Remainer/Brexit debate she is plain lying to us by spinning and misrepresenting the agreement. The Tories are heading to electoral oblivion. They’re all going down together with no fight
It did not come from you, so we owe you nothing whatsoever - and that means we do not owe you loyalty either. I am telling you know. Once Brexit happens, take your people with you. Including your retirees who do not pay taxes.
Terrific, great letter great informed content. Keep up this important work. We will by these means STOP brexit. Second informed referendum now.
I don’t understand how so many intelligent people can believe this to be true. We can see from the voting records of the four people to run against Corbyn that it is only unarguably true of one of them, and unarguably false of another.
There are rumours that has been applying to to be Lord Sugar's next business partner manufacturing VERY tight compulsory jeans shorts to be handed out on the border to kerb freedom of movement post Brexit. I hope follows this up next week
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
On second thoughts this should do OK. Not everyone will get ALL what they want, especially as so many have diametrically opposite viewpoints. Better to accept this and get on with it. #Brexit
But Diane Abbott knows otherwise. #paultheoctopus
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation - The Independent
Bollocks. It's the leavers Brexit.
" Brexit plans on track after Theresa May meets Spain's demands on Gibraltar#health #fitness
Meaningful contrast: Brexit: disconnecting, Mama: connecting.. Sapiens: so much to learn
Jezza: “Brexit can’t be stopped” Dianne: “Remain would loose a 2nd vote” Burgon: “She [May] should renegotiate along the lines of Labour's proposal.” A leadership that wants #Brexit. Wants it as much as the Tory Ultras.
The basis for my libtard bedwetting on brexit is this mostly this domestic issue Much less the policy itself Having tweeted about it a bit, &amp; with the denouement shortly upon this beautiful mixed up country it feels a good time to explain Before the wave breaks however it will
The French President could seek to trigger the ‘backstop’ included in the UK’s divorce deal, keeping it under EU customs rules #Brexit
Brexit summit LIVE: Juncker says 'Feel sad imagining the lives of your GRANDCHILDREN' | UK | News | This a quote the very same man. “When the going gets tough you have to lie”
Please don't say you're fed up with the anti-Brexit campaign Apathy is the bedrock of tyranny
Who wanted brexit? Who had to pull article 50 starting the clock to negotiate when you on top had the most incompetent negotiator, David Davies Ha, what three hours of meeting up time in Brussels He is a classic failure
17.4m people are with you, have you got your letter in to the 1922 Chair to remove the core problem? Don’t go down with her next GE.
Brexit in a bowl.
All the Brits getting Irish passports post Brexit. Ye’re more than welcome to them. But For the love of fuck, learn the proper, actual history about Britain and its colonies as a trade off. Starting with Ireland.
escape to the chateau is a much needed alternative to Brexit
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Thank you-most intelligent people in the UK don't want Brexit-it has been driven by lies and some of our citizens have fallen for those lies-this is the lowest point that the UK has reached in recent memory-I am in despair
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
The problem is that #Brexit is so complex that Corbyn can get away with his disingenuous lies about it.
I hope they vote it down and we have no brexit
It is crucial that the media &amp; MPs in all the parties support you with your deal. The reality is, Brexit has its advantages and disadvantages but all discourse should be in a respectful way
We haven't stopped Hard Brexit! May's deal is Hard Brexit and No Deal is Super Hard Brexit!!
Reality strikes for Brexit supporters.
And this is what you have done. Really really sad.
&gt; "depressing reading..." - "How The EU Really Works For YOU!... - #Brexit #Fbpe #Abtv #Ofoc #Waton #UKIP #Brino #Remain #FinalSay #PeoplesVote -
We have traded as a Sovereign &amp; independent country for hundreds of years, Brexit is a long term decision taken by a very smart electorate for their children &amp; grandchildren - the EU &amp; its currency will not survive as we know them
Junket, Tusk, you may be rejoicing, but May proposal will have to passed Parlement, and the result will be NO DEAL, UK will trade with Europe with WTO rules!
Will he hand the knighthood back?
Painful vs pointless #brexit
This history in this thread is relevant in America today
FCK OFF U PAEDO, CABAL LOVING PRICK …
Nobody ever tell me it was about the single market. Nobody tell me it was about sovereignty. Nobody tell me a fucking thing. This Brexit deal proves once and for all it was always about migrants and immigrants. Shame on everyone still supporting Leave.
Don’t forget is safeguarding her nice pension from the E.U. Her constituents voted for a real Brexit not the one that will get thrown out of the HOC
It would be do ironic if Brexit brought about the acceptance of Modern Monetary Theory
No, has competently failed in her futile brief from globalist cabal to keep us in #EU. #Brexit
You don’t have a heart.
85% of my friends voted for Brexit, my in laws included... Need new friends and new in laws!!!
Europe particularly. Have the Euro Zone is on the verge of collapse. Britain had to Brexit, they knew. And the Sterling is trading at lows versus the dollar. Going to go lower. Id call 1-1 the Euro is on borrowed time against the dollar.
He was possibly depressed. Brexit and all...
BBC News - Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means
Such a normal country, us.
BREXIT: Brexit bedlam consolidates support for EU and euro in Republic /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Judging by the thousands, upon thousands, of commercial vehicles using Dover Ferry Port &amp; Channel Tunnel 24/7. EU/UK Business is far too big for any Government to #Brexit without sensible agreements. have had 2.5years to do that and have failed #GeneralElectionNow
So USA fire teargas into mexico and the Russians are attacking Ukranian ships. How come all I am hearing about is Brexit?????
Uh oh
The only thing it risks is stopping her Brexit failure
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
sort out brexit first then lets going onto the tories... but brexit is forever....
Under the Government’s terms, a “yes” vote is a vote for both the exit deal and the new deal, and “no” vote is a vote for no deal.
UK will become an arms, gambling, junkie, brothel capital of the world (and some), were #BrExit to be abandoned. #LoveOfMoney. Not to mention many other degradations of cultural values. UK will become overtly 'gangster Britain' of the ghastly beast eu. #GodJahBless, #YourMajesty.
#TonyBlair can f**k off #Brexit
One thing #brexit has done is to give the elite a run for their money. Stop the rot of #NWO the bookies have the odds high if there is a second vote #outmeansout let’s give the lords and ladies a run for this great divide between rich and poor in the #uk #powertothepeople
‘Bollocks to Brexit’ bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn | Politics
Lets see how the pisshead reacts if we go for no Brexit#no £39B
She’s starting to look like a badly rendered NPC. #BrexitShambles #TheresaMay
So at what point in this #Brexit omni-shambles does Uhtred ride in and save us all? #TheLastKingdom
“Scotland, like Northern Ireland, voted to Remain. Brexit is an English obsession.” 'the #Brexit papers'
For now. If #Brexit turns out to be a success there’ll be a stampede for the #Xexit door
I don’t think even the BBC trying to sell us May’s useless deal will work. #GeneralElection2019 #Labour #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitShambles #JC4PM #ProtectFamilies #protectjobs #BBC
Looking forward to getting my instructions! And being with a great group of women.
Can someone explain the latest Tory non phrase “Independent coastal state” Does it mean they’re going to block up the Chunnel, stop trading with the rest of the world or what? One guaranteed fact is the U.K. will be IN a state if Brexit goes ahead #DissolvetheUnion
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
I really do hope my MP Jess Phillips, votes against Theresa Mays Brexit deal. I request for my MP to back the Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and the party. We need to vote against it and demand a general election.
Brexit row: 'Utter c**k' slur as eurosceptic Tory MP awarded knighthood
Poor EU and plenty of argument to come
From the day of the Brexit vote, this was how it was going to go. It was a vote for England &amp; English sovereignty. Not for the UK and certainly not for NI. Tory Brexiteers have no real interest in NI, no votes here for them. They are just using the DUP for their own narrow ends.
Just googled ‘Nadine Dorries advice for Brexit’. Never has Google returned so few results. You and your vocal yet hollow ilk are the problem. May is the hostage of mewling fools with nothing to offer but noise. #idiots #lemmings
Brexit Purgatory. Coming Soon.
when you see these magnificent guys and families living their lif3 day in and day out...what the hell are us humans doing squabbling over Brexit?
Meanwhile.... Fuck Brexit!
Its not your heart we want.
as the government spokesman talking up this proposed deal would you care to comment sir?
The judges promoting #XFactor Acacia and Aaliyah relentlessly with the same song is as painful as Theresa May pushing her attempt of a Brexit deal
Is this the same Reham Christi who was taking £2000 per month from A Saudi Arabian Think Tank and all expenses paid, another self server who doesn't give a dot for we plebs and another one who has most to gain from Brexit.
How Gibraltar almost stopped a Brexit deal
THE TOWER OF BABEL IS GONNA CRASH DOWN!Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
I agree with your point about ’s deal but hugely hypocritical when you misrepresent the current position of the electorate on Brexit. The Labour front bench are just as culpable for this mess. If only we had an opposition worth the name #PeoplesVote
I may have occasional lapses, but I’m a same-wayer. When Brexit is sorted out, this should be the next referendum.
No water canon? Pity.
My predictions on #BrexitDeal: 1st meaningful vote is defeated 2nd vote is defeated (If May gets that far) Theresa May resigns A Brexiteer becomes PM but realises this HofC won't back a Hard #Brexit EU allows us more time to have a GE i Labour become at least the largest party
Will you please identify how, if at all, Brexit will impact on jobs, health care, education social services and anything else. Will your Government explain accurately, if you can how much independence will cost Scotland. Please don’t refer me to the Growth Commission Report
If we abandon #Brexit (withdraw #A50) we lose nothing in terms of our opt outs, rebates etc. I read yesterday tho, but haven’t had it confirmed, once (if) Parliament votes for the #BrexitDeal and the EU ratify, we’re out - even before 29th March. Have you heard that ?
Man, 75, gave £20,000 to 'online girlfriend' who used pictures of porn star #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit #derbyshire #bbcqt
Why do you think we voted for Brexit?! The deal isn’t even leave anyway. Globalist Treason May in charge!!
BREXIT: EU summit agrees Brexit deal and warns it is not open for renegotiation /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Macron Le Shit #Brexit
Goes to show the backstop is to EU’s advantage. #brexit
It will be interesting how our elected turkeys vote for Christmas over The Brexit issues. They surely won’t want to risk losing their perks. Still as May says She Knows What We Want. She certainly hasn’t asked me. What about You?
That’s how treacherous EU Head Ones are dealing with eejits like May who’s shldn’t be PM of the U.K.
Can we have this please? #Brexit PLEASE?
I'm sorry but I'd characterise it differently. She is a clueless remainer who was wrongly trusted and lied to us. The Brexit Secretary's need to stop grandstanding and lead a way forward.
Brexit in a nutshell
CNN Top Stories : EU backs Brexit deal, sending Theresa May to hostile UK Parliament
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of EU Leaders. What Happens Now? - New York Times: New York Times Brexit Deal Has the Backing of EU Leaders. What Happens Now? New York Times LONDON — Now for the harder part. On Sunday, the 27 other members of the European…
To make matters worse, many of them have now started to pay attention to national politics for the first time. And so things like Brexit, bolsonaro, Putin, which had long build ups, seem to them to be products of trump.
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
This is exactly what she should be doing. Getting political buy-in from across the political spectrum and across the Commons will ensure no other party can disown it as a ‘Tory Brexit’ and try to overturn it at a later stage.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
It’s quite simple. No deal is better than a bad deal. #Brexit
“StRoNg AnD sTaBlE”
We will see as hopefully I'll see my grandkids!!@
GTFO May has sold us out, betrayed us. You have one chance to save Brexit and in doing so save the nation from 20 years of Labour rule Grow a pair, be bold and decisive
What's the point unless she gives us a vote on it?
Not often agree with him, but he had a case
“But this is an ex-deal. The only reason it is sitting on its perch is because it has been nailed there.” I move that every comment on any #Brexit deal-or-no-deal be described in Python quotes. #PiningForTheFjords #StopBrexit Ni!
Theresa May accused of “major cover-up” over Brexit donor
Exactly@
It doesn't matter. The PERCEPTION is that Labour is doing nothing. Until Corbyn and the Labour front bench get off their backsides and present a more visible and more frequent opposition to May re #Brexit then they'll be perceived as doing nothing #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
All British betting companies are based in Gibraltar. I can't wait to see what happens next. Is betting coming home? BET £10 GET FULL MONTY. #Brexit #Gibraltar
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Exciting and fascinating indeed
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
All Brexit is proving is that democracy is just a smokescreen to hide the ever present and all powerful bureaucracy that truely rules in any “democracy”
You must be joking. I'll never tire of handing Remoaners' arses to them on a plate.
Brexit U-Turn – The hypocrisy of the ‘ultras’ mouthpiece
Its not all #brexit and #wwfc you know. #RockAndRoll
Yawn... All options are on the table, an election would be good for everyone, this country needs a Labour Government as much as it needs Brexit removed like the blight that it has been from day one. This country needs healing and it won't heal while the Tories are in power.
Sick of Brexit? Here's why we must hang in and not go with Lies from the Blaggard Brexiteers and Mad May alike.
you've just tweeted AND you're sensible. Can you help?
please stop talking about what the British people want. We are not all one, 77% of us didn’t vote for what you are trying to force on us, and it is frankly a tired line of reasoning that had no credence to begin with. #brexit
Oh I understand it very well. If people felt strongly enough about stopping Brexit, they would vote for the Lib Dems
Damning: "But this Withdrawal Agreement is entirely one-sided: it guarantees in great detail to give the EU everything it wants, but does nothing to protect the UK’s vital economic interests and democratic rights. Indeed, none of the UK’s issues are addressed at all."
That's because it's Noexit not Brexit
Go and live in the Euro ,you sound like a traitor
No Brexit
Let's stick it to them; our economy will with stand the consequences if there is a 'no deal brexit; not so sure about EU
Brexit that does not hurt ordinary people is a fantasy. Less money for services and our NHS. The country is crying out for a leader, time to show the people if you are up to the task. Cancelling Brexit would be one way. In reality, a vote on the deal, not 3rd ref has no risk 4 u
As we have heard so often these days "get on with it" Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Very good article
“Mrs May insisted, implausibly, that she was full of optimism about the future of the country. But the past weeks have underscored that the loss is Britain’s. Any Brexit deal is a bad deal for the country.”
Well if that would be the case, then it’s really the fault of Germany’s immigration plan. Not Brexit. I personally couldn’t give a toss about our citizens strengthening the German economy, when ours is far from perfect.
The deal is collapsing, not Brexit. The deal was never Brexit. Brexit is the law.
May's Brexit Deal: If She Doesn’t Have the Votes, What Comes Next?
I voted Remain but would have accepted the result if Leavers could have delivered the cake &amp; eat it/unicorn Brexit they promised.The elites who wanted Brexit and conned the population, never could deliver and have all run away...so clear to me that we need another unrigged vote!
“Corbyn’s closest lieutenants are relaxed about [Stop Brexit independents], believing official Labour candidates would beat them” Corbyn is my MP. I’d vote him out *in a heartbeat* given the opportunity to vote Labour and not return him to Parliament.
Interesting detail here about EU regulation of tax evasion
No Brexit
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
I’m feeling guilty because the first one that came to mind in a moment of dark humour was Madonna’s Borderline. I’m sorry
The problem with Brexit is that the political classes do not respect either the will of the people or democracy itself. More to the point, too many of the politicians in W'minster have their personal welfare intimately linked to the EU
#brexit A fifth column is a group of people who undermine a larger group from within, usually in favour of an enemy group/nation.The activities of 5th column can be overt/clandestine.Forces gathered in secret can mobilize openly 2 assist an external attack. Wikipedia
I'm going to renegotiate for a Brexit+++. Once Farage, Gove, Mogg, May etc.. have sacrificed their lives for their beliefs, I will buy a teeny tiny union jack for my window box.
cool
The latest S.O.T.P. Daily! #brexit #eu
Majority of Brits now against Brexit and back second EU referendum - Sky Data poll
Brexit: Theresa May’s ‘letter to the nation’ in full
Not much fun when politicians disregard majority votes is it...?
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Best two out of three vote on Brexit?
A sad day indeed. I'm hoping we'll be back within a decade! Brexit will only benefit the hedge funds and the Tory toffs.
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
Right forget this Brexit pish for a minute, there’s somecunt running about pretending to be Alan Hutton and banging worldies in for a laugh.
So article 50 meant we could leave the EU once it was activated by us. We decide to embark on a new deal tho. So now we can only leave if the other 27 countries agree to it! Pathetic. Worst deal on the history of deals. #MayMustGoNow #Brexit
May has to go!
pumping out constant lies about #Brexit is not the answer. You could always give the Scottish people a bit more of a voice on the BBC - or is an FOI needed ?
On Twitter "hearing rumours that" has the same meaning as the old tabloid "friends close to the star said", that is "we made this bit up".
Must read! Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
That’s OK because hopefully she will be gone soon. Then someone with a bit of steel can change it.
EU leaders back Brexit deal – but there’s danger ahead for Theresa May’s plan - News Editors' Picks
#brexit from a new perspective..
"Analysts have laid blame squarely on #Brexit uncertainty, which has deterred companies from spending on new machinery, technology or building works. The CBI lobby group warned that #investment is “flooding out” of Britain to other EU countries." #economy
#brexit breaks it.
Just like Brexit. The British State is never accountable even to the point of criminality. These culprits should be HUNG!!
EU in military power terms is useless. Roughly 80% of EU security after #Brexit comes from outside EU. That’s just bonkers!
I do occasionally wonder if she is playing a rather clever long game. Her acceptance of No Brexit as being on the table the other week was smart and she may slowly be neutralising her enemies to allow a People's Vote, wittingly or unwittingly.
Friends till the end of days, says Tusk. May says Britain best days are ahead.
#brexit A fifth column is a group of people who undermine a larger group from within, usually in favour of an enemy group/nation.The activities of 5th column can be overt/clandestine.Forces gathered in secret can mobilize openly 2 assist an external attack. Wikipedia
The British Prime Minister Theresa May has said people in the UK just want the #Brexit process done:
Jeremy Corbyn and the far left, have spent their lives accusing Labour governments of “betrayal”, yet are ready to back a Brexit that will betray the poorest people and poorest regions in Britain. But frankly, if you haven’t clocked their political bankruptcy yet, you never will.
A sentimental brexit? a nippy brexit? NO! We need a cylindrical brexit!
iI don't like your unicorn, here's mine.
My get up and go has got up and gone. Need to recharge my batteries. Power level in the critical. Brexit has drained me.
No Blair wasn't Axis but a Axis Multinational Multi-Party Bipartisan Neoliberal Union Scab Stacking Utopian Re-Education Vertical Labour Camp Patrician Attritionist Nazi Pilot Fish Drone. :| #Brexit #Auspol
I'm sorry but I'd characterise it differently. She is a clueless remainer who was wrongly trusted and lied to us. The two prev Brexit Secretaries need to stop grandstanding and lead a way forward.
No Brexit, where do I sign?
Gammons in Spain who voted for Brexit have truly fucked themselves.
That is the whole reason for brexit.. Party before country
A very reasonable request from Santy if you ask me? #Brexit
See? Proving my point
U.K. and E.U. Leaders Agree on #Brexit Divorce Terms
EU leaders formally agreed upon a Brexit deal at a Brussels summit on Sunday, urging Britons to back Prime Minister Theresa May's package, which faces furious opposition in the British parliament.
See my latest update
Just in case anyone didn’t know that Remainers are pathetic little children.
Bliar is no more to be trusted than May !
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and Brexit #France
Good!
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
When you read these explanatory articles by Martin Howe QC, you can only conclude that not only is it an atrocious deal but that the Govt is wilfully misrepresenting it. #DitchTheDeal #StandUp4Brexit
Why dont they decide #Brexit on a game of Deal or no Deal?
No brexit would be a “better deal”.
I’m sorry but please stop saying “the public gave a clear instruction on brexit” because a near 50/50 split is not so “clear”, is it? Voting without facts is not so... CLEAR is it?
How dare you? I was leafleting against Brexit in Oldham only yesterday. What more could I possibly do? (And very much looking forward to fighting in the streets, should Brexit prevail. #nottakjngitlyingdown
I totally agree; the man talks clear sense in my view &amp; cuts through all the mud slinging on #Brexit - not without his gross failings of course, but we need strong pragmatic leadership now not inane #partypolitics #peoplesvote
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not #Brexit top article
May's Brexit surrender is the worst of all worlds
Why would any other country care? For them, Brexit is a bump in the road. For us, it is a car crash.
Strange coincidence, but every time UK is in trouble with Brexit, Russia allegedly doing something bad...
What is the actual problem with No Brexit. On a practical level, not an emotional one.
The irony is teachers and nurses are now the elite, while Peter and his three houses, including his one in France, are 'men-of-the-people, salt-of-the-earth' patriots, just looking after the interests of working class people....
Too right. People lied to us!
Every Labour MP should reject brexit fiasco...
And the nominees for "Most Random Historical Comparison" are.... #NewsSuite
But we have seen it before, haven't we, Ms Rowling? Think back to 2014 and the Scottish Independence Referendum. Big money, big mouth and a penchant for litigation....... Not very nice, is it?
Why did it take to bring #Brexit to the nation. So far, have not stood up to It was always going to be the case. Seams only has an idea of how to quit &amp; only are united in wanting it.
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
On #Brexit Corbyn will carry on ignoring Labour members' views and Labour members will carry on sucking it up.
Assuming you mean the one here, then yes.
Wait, just need to catch up. What's Brexit exactly?
With the way the sniper like attention can suddenly focus on another target, is it no wonder people are turned off by politics. That’s how fucking stupid decisions like #Brexit came to pass. LEARN PEOPLE!
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and Brexit. Time to break free from the EU France!!!!! Vive le France!!!
The latest Communing Daily News! Thanks to #brexit #implantfiles
Any chance that this may be a distraction to the fact that we’re probably getting closer to the truth about what happened in respect of Rússia’s role in the us elections and brexit?
Willing to punch fuck out of anyone who thinks Brexit is a good idea. Westwood Square, East Kilbride. 22:15
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
Now it’s very unlike me to say this but....... #FuckYeah
Will be interesting to see how that circus performance unfolds. Loads of stupid outcome potential. Not very many good outcomes (besides brexit cancel).
Unfortunately, the age of idiots isn't over yet. #Brexit
With Brexit didn’t cause attention
"EU leaders approve Brexit deal"
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard via /r/worldnews
Of course she caved over Gibraltar:
Can you confirm that there will be clean drinking water available as normal in the even of a clean-cut Brexit please? Or will there indeed be issues?
Wrong, we do. 17.4m voted to LEAVE the E.U. but we are being betrayed by a #PM who has broken countless promises. A ‘Compromise’ #Brexit is not what we voted for. #StandUp4Brexit #Conservative #WithdrawalAgreement
Parliament has a duty to uphold referendum result. Deal mismanaged but not an excuse for Parliament not to implement the result. MPs must vote to ensure democracy is upheld.
And just be ready with the excuses: He's young He's done more against Brexit in 2yrs than anyone Erm? That's it
Strong feelings James, millions of us feel the same. She has little or nothing of note to say to us until she bites the bullet and calls either a general election or a Peoples Vote. STOP brexit.
Reaffirms the old lore that being a vegetarian does not make you a decent person. But I have been able to add this Tory / UKIP / Hoey MP spoof account to my Twitter Nutters list mostly reserved for Putin trolls, &amp; extreme Trump &amp; Corbyn fruitcakes
It's the suggestion that, if he made it, would gain him power. Fence-sitting strategy is well past its sell-by date. The only #Brexit that comes close to satisfying his 6 conditions is Norway+, but that might as well be no Brexit at all. Corbyn has run out of road. #BrexitDeal
Freudian slip of the week!
For that alone I would willingly execute her myself.
Brexit
Very important thread, remembering what Labour were like in power on civil liberties and how they emboldened UKIP and the far right. The documentary film "Taking Liberties" is also well worth watching.
No lie is too big for a neutered turncoat:
Why do you think they chose today. A weak and broken UK, a slightly weakened Europe. There plan worked and they chose today to flex their muscles. Shame the Labour Leadership is much a mess and is pressing for Brexit. Sad for a great party that will be broken by this.
Stand up for Brexit 40 reasons not to back the chequers deal, as we know today the chequer's deals is the only deals in town for those unelected EU bureaucrats but we say no deal is better then the Chequer's (Brexit in name only) deal.
Yeah, pesky Jeremy Corbyn, being the prime minister who did the referendum and negotiated Brexit so badly. If only we had a Tory government things would have turned out so differently. *Note to anyone who can't tell (mostly the people who agree with Hutton): this is sarcasm
I would think that annexing Crimea, installing leaders, causing Brexit and murdering dissidents all crossed "red lines." Now, Russia is effectively trying to starve Ukrainians with this blockade. What's the proper response by the world?
The latest #TelevisaNews! #cronicatd #brexit
All bases covered here.
Nicola Sturgeon: There’s almost nothing true in Theresa May’s Brexit letter
She has no heart! We , the People, do! StopBrexit
That’s an opinion!
Hurry up #Brexit
Well written . . good explanation of UKs position . . Mays Govmt surrender.. . .
Assume you will agree with this excellent response to and will be doing all you and colleagues can to bring about a #PeoplesVote.
The latest Giampaolo Poniciappi Press! Thanks to #brexit #cuba
A large dose of brexit would do the trick
There can’t be a “decent compromise” about being in the European regulated space. Only this or another indecent one. It’s a binary choice
What the EU will do when Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal
Shame on you for trying to close the debate on Brexit by pretending we are bored of it. Today IS a sad day for UK based pro-europeans no matter what you say. #NotBuyingIt #PeoplesVote
Irish Border Collie (A Brexit isn't just for Christmas) #AwfullyBritishBrexitLeavingGifts
we have been betrayed ever since - the only way forward is to always elect Brexit MPs from any party otherwise take to the streets as they have in France
I agree that WTO is 'real' Brexit. I just wish that this was what the 2016 ref was on so there would be a mandate rather than guessing what the public wants. Many leavers didn't vote for WTO.
"I tell you it was this big, but it got away!"
The agreement is not Brexit. I'm a lifelong Tory voter at national and local elections but will never vote Tory again after this betrayal
It’s a re-entry to EU clause. When our hands are tied and they have blocked every opportunity that we try to create, they will leave us no option but to re-enter EU. Hotel California clause you can checkout but you can never leave.
And as there's no appetite or mandate for a no deal Brexit, new legislation WILL undoubtedly be passed. #brexit is slipping away
I am no brexiteer but what has the arrests in Iran and UAE got to do with Brexit? For Ireland and Spain, I thought being european was all about leaving behind the irredentism and nationalism of the past. Feels like they are no better than brexiters themselves..
Incredible arrogance. Who is she trying to convince? Most likely answer - herself #Brexit
So why is such a Socialist giant so happy for Jezza to cosy up to the Tories on #Brexit? Two years of his leader playing handmaiden to Theresa May? And you Owen, the ever loyal mouthpiece. Defending every sell out step, every step along the way. Wake up Owen.
"DUP locked in secret talks with Cabinet ministers over a 'Plan B' #Brexit plan, says Arlene Foster" via
Excellent thread on New Labour's triangulation efforts on immigration throughout the Blair era.
Followed by a decade of incessant screaming and blaming everything on Brexit, until we rejoin in 2028. Then the whole things starts again.
#TheresaMay and the #EU have a #Brexit #deal. What’s next? via #News #Europe #EuropeanUnion #Parliament #SecondReferendum #Trade #UK #UnitedKingdom #Brexiteers #ConservativeParty # #LabourParty #NoDeal #Tories #Fail
The North will be fucked which anyway brexit goes, so I don't care now
Good.
Really sad. Can we please please stop it before it’s too late #PeoplesVote
Don’t agree! At least they should have a clear statement that Brexit is nonsense!
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
IMO Putin always planned on war with Ukraine,after he invaded the Crimean Peninsula. The Kremlin is taking advantage of the chaos they created,The United States dealing with Trump,The UK with Brexit,and a leaderless NATO, gives Putin cover for Fuckery in Europe,MENA,Africa,etc
Grovelling, begging letter. No wonder negotiations with the EU have been so inadequate.
Precisely, their interests. MPs are tasked with safeguarding and standing answerable to the 'security, prosperity and unity of the nations of the Kingdom' If Brexit does not serve those interests, their duty becomes self evident, does it not?
There will be a march in London on Sunday 9th December at 11.45 to protest May's Brexit Betrayal . Details can be found in the link below Please share hope to see you there ,
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
David. I will never back any sort of #Brexit. It is thoroughly and appallingly bad for the #UK. And the worst thing is, you know that. As does .
you still haven’t paid the credit card bill? Why do I trust you with my oldest friends? Urgh. #Brexit is righteous.
What date does the Bollocks to Brexit bus come to Uxbridge ? Must know . #GenuineQuestion
And that's even before the #BrexitDeal put to the parliament. Mere handling of the whole #Brexit episode is enough to keep them away. Funny how tables turn. was asking in 2015 to step down because of trouble, and who's in trouble now?
Corbyn will do everything and anything to drag the UK out of the EU. A Tory Brexit or a Labour Brexit is still Brexit... After all, there are only 17 Million 'everything we like/don't like' Brexits to choose from.
So are only now meeting with NI businesses about Brexit despite continuing to say the current agreement is “worse than no deal”. An appalling display of NI business ignorance. Would like to hear from from the very quiet his reasons for supporting Brexit.
Fgs thought brexit was finally coming to an end but now ww3 is about to start so fuck that
Prediction (accurate IMHO) by 's that civil unrest over Theresa May's Brexit-betrayal cannot be ruled out. via
#brexit A fifth column is a group of people who undermine a larger group from within, usually in favour of an enemy group/nation.The activities of 5th column can be overt/clandestine.Forces gathered in secret can mobilize openly 2 assist an external attack.
The latest The Blickrichter Daily! Thanks to #brexit #violenceagainstwomen
Brexit-likely another so called peoples vote will take place, if so, democracy has failed, I will never ever vote again, we should not undo a vote as it undermines the whole principle of democracy, do we revote if your party fails to be elected NO WE DONT, not democracy
‘B******* to Brexit’ bus to tour UK as Remainers crowdfund £16,000
Editorial: Victory for May, but Brexit hurdles remain
The brexit dividend does not exist. I may have to bring my bot out of retirement to point this out again...
There’s absolutely no way that this #Brexit deal can pass the House of Commons. What a shambles
European Court ruling on A50 and Commons vote on Brexit. Powder dry until those are in.
Someone told me Brexit will make you grow 2 cocks. Surely this cannot be correct.. I've enough trouble with 1 Gawd elp us. #Brexit
It most definitely does not carry through the promise that my life as a brit in the Eu will be the same the day after Brexit as it is now. Just one more lie amongst many.
Nice review of post Brexit effects.
Solidarity in the 21st Century - Tues 27 Nov, - a panel discussion on Brexit, Women and Trade unions - book here for tickets:
Some people have forgotten (or choose to ignore) that Jeremy Corbyn was - and remains - in favour of Brexit. Too scared to hold a people’s vote in case it alienates Labour supporters who voted to leave.
I am so shocked to hear this, I definitely didn’t expect it
This, from my local MP, is scandalous. He backs the Brexit deal BEFORE the public meetings with his constituents to discuss it (who voted c 65-70% remain). The replies say it all. Good luck at the next election Bim.
Is this a parody account? I think it must be. #PeoplesVote #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #Brexit
No... The #Maybot cba anymore with #brexit So we get consigned to the fires of hell. Rome is burning... Private Fraser called it.. #WeAreDoomed
form another party then it seems the tory party hasn't the guts to dump her
Watch this space
When I saw the clip on #C4News I thought what an utterly charmless and graceless leader we have, a fine representative for Brexit and all it stands for!
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
UKIP has become an anti-Muslim party. Brexit is ill served by being associated with the xenophobic prejudices of the alt-right. Support for the movement will collapse. Nigel's hard work will have been for nought and his reputation tarnished with accusations of racism.
And Theresa May expects us to believe her Brexit deal is in the interest of the country. Has she EVER done ANYTHING in the interest of the country? #UniversalCredit #windrush #homelessness #waspi #PIP #scrapthecap #policecuts #NHSCrisis #poverty #austerity #foodbanks
Let's ALL write back, drown No10 in letters. STOP brexit.
So so true. To risk throwing democracy in the bin would be hugely divisive for the party. Granted the whole thing looks like it was illegal and contrived.Let Theresa fall on her sword and let's go General Election route. It's a win win.
I don't want to argue that's true I just want BREXIT to mean BREXIT and leave as promised
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? | Politics | The Guardian
Damage already being done to UK as a result of Brexit. It's clear that the deal on the table, while better than no deal, is worse than staying in the EU. Yet, we are being told we have to leave with this deal because it is the will of the people. Well it is NOT mine. #StopBrexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Serious below will put Brexit in perspective Three Ukranian navy boats captured by Russian special forces following firefight, service claims
Q: Does #Russia pay you to sabotage efforts like #BREXIT proposals? cc:
Labour plays waiting game over second #Brexit referendum. #Labour don’t know what they want or what the public wants. How can they be taken seriously when they just playing a political game, they are just in it for themselves.
Matthew Herbert Sets The EU To Music With His Brexit Big Band
If you’re a Taxi driver in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Probably pay for another 2,000 rapid chargers, or 33,000 plug in car grants. Or 2 days of extra money Brexit won’t give to the NHS after all.
#brexit is a blessing.
When it comes to fucking brexit if it happens or it does not , either way it will make no fucking difference to me , i will still have to go to work and pay tax on fucking everything and still wonder why i have too much month at the end of the money every month #whofuckingcares
It’s taken a few weeks but I’ve got it. Raab C Brexit. #rabcnesbitt
There iscurrently no mandate for WTO so you won't see a real Brexit at this rate. No one wins.
No it's their fault for scupper any chance at a full and clean Brexit. This is what you aimed for from the outset. You will never be forgiven for this, you have been complicit in our subjugation and when this ends up as is inevitable, you will not be forgotten
Unprecedented. Drawing a blank here for comparisons.
Hi! Can you confirm that there will be issues with availability and access to fresh, clean drinking water in the case of a no deal Brexit? This is quite worrying if true.
The day is the 29th of March 2019. Brexit negotiations are over. May walks into the Commons to find... *record scratch* a single red box! Noel Edmonds is sitting in the chair of the Speaker. "Deal or no Deal? We'll find out after the break!" *cuts to adds*
Is it just me who thinks the PM is caught between a rock and a hard place? She has the whole country shouting at her to either properly Brexit, stop Brexit, People's Vote the deal, step down, step up etc etc. She literally cannot win
"Division and uncertainty" is the new 'Strong and stable" Sky News: 'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns. via
Brexit and the DUP: Triumph or disaster?
I have to say, given the shit-show of the Brexit debarcle, the rise of the UK far right &amp; the 3-a-week stabbings, those #londonisopen adverts are awful. It couldn’t be more closed. And it’s a shame.
Has she taken her reality pills? Stopped by at specsavers? Has she been reading too much? Well, Arlene Foster are we living in cloud cuckoo parallel universe, lala-land?
Nigel is running scared from a smart girl.
Epic trolling.
‘Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power’ #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #bbcqt
Here is my plea for Scottish independence ; The lies of 2014 , the oil they are about to keep STEALING and the poverty Scotland is in, and the Barnett formula reduced every year , Brexit ; IT IS ENOUGH INSULT BEING STRIPPED OF MY EU PASSPORT !
Just wrote to my mp. Very easy to do. Doesn't take 5minutes. Let's make our voices heard.
Corbynites can’t argue with Tony Blair on #Brexit because they know he is absolutely right so they bring out “Iraq”. #BrexitShambles
EU leaders okay Brexit deal with UK
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
- US trade war w China - open war between RU and Ukraine - threatening to close the Mexican border - North Korea nuclear weapons - RU openly attacking Brexit and US elections - rising nationalism - egotists running the world We are making all the mistakes of the 1930s again
So what, we are still going to be trading with the EU, much as we are now, we don’t lose access to the single market, the whole world has access. A no deal Brexit does not mean we walk away with nothing agrees unless of course you are propagating Project Fear!
Yes we do.....there are a lot of us
Good to see that even the trolls won’t argue that they themselves will be better off after Brexit.
Things are moving fast for the us brexit...
#brexit A fifth column is a group of people who undermine a larger group from within, usually in favour of an enemy group/nation.The activities of 5th column can be overt/clandestine.Forces gathered insecret can mobilize openly 2 assist an external attack.Wikipedia
I wonder how Brexit-enabling Corbynistas will square inevitable increased military spending to appease Trump when he inevitably demands it as part of a “fairer trade deal” with Britain...
This content is a serious rebuttal of May's fake deal and I hope that everyone takes the time to read it
Thank you for clarifying Justin, and I apologise for misquoting you as a remain voter originally. Brexit still shocking though; as is endorsing a corrupt undemocratic referendum and a brexit nowhere near what was promised. A #peoplesvote gives more education and greater democracy
Getting Theresa may to sort out the #brexit deal is like asking sir Alex Ferguson to organise man city's Xmas party
Brexit might make us change the name to Kenco Martinis
What will we get first, #Brexit or the #OasisReunion ? Asking for a friend
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Does Raab listen to what he is saying?
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Weighed down by brexit and the hatred and bile that comes with it....
I know we voted to leave, and I know a no deal #brexit would likely be social/economic devastation for a while, so a gentle ‘stepped approach’ could help ease the shock...but this just feels like a bad idea all round, right?
Majority of Brits now against Brexit and back second EU referendum - Sky Data poll
Yes - May &amp; her Remainer team are definitely lying to us &amp; using fear tactics to try &amp; get us to stay in EU regardless of cost to U.K. in terms of our freedoms, money &amp; sovereignty.
Simply put, that Labour have done nothing. They have been absent in any debate on Brexit. They have made no useful contribution to discussion about it. They have aided and abetted the Tories. They have been silent. They have been quiet about the damage Brexit will do.
She’s gambling on Brexit fatigue. The main thing the British public are tired of is Mrs May’s duplicity .
You don't know me, Theresa.
Blunt: PM doesn't have 'cat in hell's chance' on Brexit agreement
And the 27 have very generously agreed to us paying for their drinks, even though we’re not meant to be in the same pub anymore. #Brexit #Cheers
Labour Party will oppose Brexit deal - Corbyn - Reuters
Brendan O'Connor: 'Mick McCarthy is our Brexit'
‘It’s A Tragedy’: EU Approves Brexit Sellout
Great summary of the incredibly damaging and dehumanizing policies of New Labour. We still feel the legacy today.
This is why we can't allow US health companies to get their hands on our hospitals and NHS to secure trade deals post-Brexit.
'Having polio taught me something important about immigration effects on healthcare'
Great cover.
38 minutes, how unlike the EU!
I’ll have no #Brexit, please. It is the only sensible choice
The EU is a tent European countries should be hesitant to stand outside. The Brexit negotiations are showing this again and again.
Don't forget "Brexit" keeping the UK busy, all that leaves is Germany to take the lead role probably not backed by France unfortunately because they are a little occupied with the fuel hike protests.
We watch British &amp; Continental fear films all the time now, just watching the news the BBC &amp; Reuters can't avoid reporting... Have YOU signed w oxfam for clean drinking water? Well then, no worries, right mate? #sorted #Brexit
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
As someone in the same situation as John, I know how personal this can be. You’re the MP for my neighbouring constituency, do you agree with a “Jobs First Brexit”? This is a plea from an ordinary person just looking for guidance from their elected leaders. Thank you.
I knew Theresa May wanted to Remain so I thought she would come back with a Brexit which was actually Remain but maybe a Remain deal where we would have more benefits thrown in but actually it's neither Remain or Leave. It's a complete travesty.
The question is, will #Cif change back to #Jif once Brexit is all said and done? #Brexit #whatreallymatters #chaos
Norway produces more Oil and Natural Gas... while the UK is Scotland’s best customer &amp; has frictionless trade &amp; freedom of movement with shared currency... It’s the Brexit argument in reverse
The view on Brexit
I would put David Davis in as interim PM during Brexit. I’ve placed a bet at 25/1 hoping that happens.
putting aside BREXIT, Londoners are definitely showing increasing interest in Teslas. Start to seeing 5-10 Tesla a day (mainly Model x). Imaging what Model 3 and Y will do. Future is here too,.
Bored WITH
EU leaders okay Brexit deal with UK
Max Weber is turning in his grave. Probably Churchill too. Brexit is the laziest use of populism I've ever seen on this side of the Atlantic. It is as anti-democratic as it could be and anyone who loves this great Kingdom of ours will continue to fight to stop it.
No, we agreed the backstop last December, as a condition of moving on to the next phase of negotiation. Davis was Brexit Secretary when this happened, BoJo was foreign secretary. Now they act ignorant to it all. Pretty embarrassing for them TBH
Love is in the air despite the #Brexit break up. German trade Minister takes inspiration from ‘s Love declaration towards #Germany one week ago. For the record: I love both, Britain and France, too.
Plan: Revoke A50. Dissolve Parliament &amp; put a temporary emergency govt together for 1 year. Investigate #2016ref &amp; brexit process thoroughly removing ppl from public office as necessary. Rebuild relationship with EU. Set in place new electoral regulations, including PR/1
I shouldn't be surprised that so many MPs are bleating on about backing the Brexit deal when they know fine well it will ruin the UK, but I genuinely don't know how they can live with themselves. Disgraces, the lot of them.
Pretty tragic all round for the UK. And for my country? We have a way out if we take it #BrexitDeal #Indyref2 Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
'Almost nothing in this desperate letter is true': Nicola Sturgeon tears into PM’s Brexit letter to the public
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
I want a GE to remove this totally inept government.
Any chance you would like to stay English and leave the Irish and Scots out of it. #Brexit One World Order? - sounds like Spectra.
This is the footage most people on Twitter saw today not Femi's video he just posted. See if you can spot the difference between the two.
Not just UK distracted by Brexit but the entire EU. Putin takes military action on the same day EU approves UK departure from EU. Another consequence of Brexit.
Brexit ‘Queues at Dover’ Can’t Be Solved by Bank of England
Wrong. An orthodox pro EU centre left Labour Party would likely have been much more badly savaged in the 2016 Referendum &amp; 2017 Election than Corbyn's EU agnostic left wing populist Labour Party has been.
A void #Brexit would be the best Christmas present Britain and the decent 48% ever had.
Trump controls Senate so can't be impeached. Brexit goes through. Putin presses the war button. What coincidences.
Remember folks. These people objecting vote and it is they who enabled Margaret Thatcher to sign the Single European Act and John Major to sign the Maastricht Treaty #Brexit
Thought we were getting a new politics where there was leadership based on sound principles? Clearly I was wrong In principle, from Labour point of view what is good about Brexit? I've had some saying EU is a neoliberal enabler of capitalism. Be honest
1/ Let’s compare the views of the EU and on the Withdrawal Agreement. Let’s start with
May’s Brexit deal: the legal verdict
Did harry vote brexit by any chance
But what if the results are the same? Brexit III?
If it works for remainers then it by that statement alone it cannot work for people who voted leave. So no deal it is that will work for Brexit.
Xenophobia was one of the main forces behind the sentiments expressed in Brexit. To deny that is madness.
She is lying again Laura.
BBCNEWS 12:32pm EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL
Boom.
Mundell admits tory stupidity threatens ‘his’ union
Well at least he won't be able to nuke us if we're out. #Brexit #silverlining
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
And many of us are beginning to believe you are absolutely right
Go to bed, tomorrow will be just as bad as today. #Brexit .
Brexit deal: EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom
The U.K. will be worse off under ANY Brexit deal. That’s why a credible opposition would advocate staying in the EU.
Agree - I have let my membership lapse as so despondent at Labour’s inaction over Brexit
First person to tweet the Ukraine incident is a great moment for British leverage over Brexit wins.
Once Brexit is behind us we need to fix our pendulum politics, the extremes of Red/Blue are no good for any of us, we waste a lot of time and effort on doing and undoing extreme policies. We need PR so the many moderate voices in the middle are heard. First #PeoplesVote
It's the EUSSR way.
I spent 40 quid in sainsburys and I have absolutely nothing to eat right now. #brexit
We need a #PeoplesVote with the option to #Remain . #brexit is a major mistake, we must #StopBrexit and #StopBrexitSaveBritain
No ‘yoons’ are just people who are thoroughly fed up with the unpleasantness &amp; constant adversarial attitude from SNP, they have done Scotland no good by using brexit as leverage for their divisive aims
Be prepared for #Brexit with Health Check tool.
Not wishing to be a smart arse but who the **** is Liam Halligan? Forgive me if I've missed something... The Spectator can't even spell the name of the editor of the Daily Mail these days, so should we pay *any* attention to it?
I wish he would hes nothing more than a post turtle and complete idiot
Christ, I miss this man.
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
Deliver on UK fishing ? Macron saying he will hold UK hostage in Backstop until France gets fishing deal that protects rights of its fishermen Can only do this because of legally binding Withdrawal Agreement All EU-27 can do this incl Spain/Gibraltar !
The more one hears about Theresa May the more ashamed one feels that this is the leader of our country what with the betrayal over Brexit and now the disgusting decision she took over Asia Bibi. Shame on her.
The EU boss this is the deal or no deal - wonder why?
We can’t survive without rUK? I think we can’t survive WITH rUK
even said it is a bad day for the Grandchildren. To me &amp; many others he is right, PM May has sold the whole country out for Tory gains, but more so Scotland, down the road to nowhere but Independence. Brexit "technically" starts in March &amp; last for decade at least.
Ah but ...
It's probably worth questioning why just one week ago he has talking about a sensible Brexit deal and saying that Labour could negotiate a better deal than the current deal in three months.
But isn't it the case that a Remainer Parliament will use its "meaningful vote" to scupper more or less any Brexit deal? The fact that this one is more awful than anyone expected doesn't alter that basic fact. MPs will only agree to a Brexit which amounts to a Brino.
MPs have always enjoyed the freedom of Europe. Now they want to impose controls on the next generation, that will deprive them of the same ability to transform their lives. How can Mrs May pretend this is a good idea? She is the worst PM in living memory #Brexit wrecksit
So excited about Brexit now
Theresa May has put forward a so-called deal which is a threat to our security. #MAYOUTNOW #MAYMUSTGO
Rats deserting the sinking ship. This case the rats are smart enough to make it work. Get the feck out lads!
Since 2004 I noticed more &amp; more people walking past my house in Southampton not speaking English. No longer feels like England Traffic worse, full schools, loss of green space, jobs taken, 10yr housing queue. Thanks LibLabCon Why'd I not vote Brexit? Our only real say in 43yrs !
So have then another 2 years with digesting some content come to same conclusion leading to same stalemate &amp; Herculean effort for Sisyphus task - Brexit never ending tragedy -high drama - next decade only soul searching - Putin takes Azov Sea meantime
All you young Remainers take note - Ukraine is poking the bear &amp; the bear is biting back. And FYI, it won't be me Brussels drafts/orders in on their behalf - as part of the EU military unification (aka Army) to confront the Russians - it'll be you lot. #ReapWhatYouSow #Brexit
Yes, here. So they will negotiate the exact same benefits as the CU + SM (first section). But free movement will end (second section). DING DONG ANOTHER SODDING UNICORN.
Brexit Party!!! #brexit
You disgust.
Brexit deal: EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns .... no, a referendum and kill Brexit forever!!
Is Brexit the last convulsion in Britain coming to terms to life without an empire? We have to earn our living now and can do that much more effectively in conjunction with our European neighbours. #PeoplesVote
Also I hear a lot of "brexit is a Tory policy Lab are not in power what do you expect them to do." I expect them to OPPOSE not enable. If they can't oppose Tory policy then why oppose ANYTHING at all?! NHS? nah we're not in power. Public transport? Nah we're not in power etc etc.
Well Labour cannot stop Brexit under its current leader so if the idea is to stay in EU, which it must be, ditch Corbyn.
And let the globalist enslave us and destroy all countries sovereignty to their one world government. No thanks #MAGA2020 #Brexit #Soros
Gus you really are a brain addled little half-wit turned deranged by Brexit and probably many personal issues too. I'd ship lousy little bigots of your species to Siberia and keep Chloe here forever. She's worth a billion of the neanderthals like you
Shame Macron hasn’t got his EU Army to help him subdue the #giletsjaunes Won’t be long till he has though!! . #Brexit turning into #TheGreatEscape
EU: European for EW!
You don’t need to vote for this sham of a deal to deliver Brexit. It’s already in the withdrawal act and a matter of law that we leave on 29 March. We’re leaving anyway..!
Ah that would be the "Scraping The Barrel" Brexit then. Best available deal is the one we already have - #Remain #NoBrexit #PeoplesVote
Oh and BreXit. It is not fucking Breggsit you twats.
Did think this was perfectly timed. Thought the Russians would try something cheeky whilst all the eyes of Europe were on Brexit. Start digging an air raid shelter and stock up on tinned food
Sadly my mum's just been diagnosed with Alzheimers, and her hobby of painting has been replaced with obsessively cleaning the kitchen tiles. I like to think it's her interpretation of a radical minimalist brutalist stance against Brexit.
Any chance of you doing grown-up politics any time soon...
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
We are totally pathetic to allow this to happen to our great UK
On the day of the Brexit summit = so very curious
Just in time supply chains e.g for medicines and manufacturing will not be jeopardized in the event of a no-deal Brexit. There will be no deaths from the event of a no-deal, frictionless trade will continue. Read the ERG proposal for the Irish border. Trade continueson WTO terms
1. She's sold out Gibraltar 2. She's sold out Northern Ireland 3. She's sold out our Fishing Industry 4. She's sold out our National sovereignty 5. She's sold out 17.4m Brexit voters 6. She has sold out her 2017 Manifesto pledges. She has to go
If you can’t sell it you can’t support it WORST DEAL IN UK HISTORY MPs #VoteItDown
Tony Blair explains just how useless it is.
“The greatest tragedy of Brexit is that it is consuming the solutions to the problems that caused the vote to leave in the first place”
the celebratory glee with which the BBC is doing these life after #brexit programmes is disgusting it will be stopped #stopbrexit #fucktheplan #BackTheBrexitDeal
And that's what we know about !
Right, so Russia is kicking off with the warring in Eastern Europe. All those young Remainers angry about Brexit stealing their future, should report to the Ukraine border at 06.00 tomorrow, where they will be reunited with their future. Please bring a gun. Thank you.
i asked a question, not sure where it went , i wanted to ask you if you think brexit is a good thing for ireland?
Sure, here are his remarks in context. He's saying that Labour could get a Brexit deal that unites the country.. where they would get all the benefits of the single market without the obligations of membership. It's nonsense.
After #Brexit all drinking water will be filtered through Corbyn’s vest.
Yep. More to add to the diet of chlorinated chicken (mackerel &amp; herring)! Plus Brexit disrupts our imports of cod (which isnt all fished here, contrary to popular brexiter belief!)
Liberty Media says it doesn't expect any problems from Brexit ...
Two steps to stop Brexit
To be honest I think she needs a psychiatrist #narcissisticpersonalitydisorder ??
Super by Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Absolutely outrageous... anyone who buys the claim that we are taking back control needs to take a look at WHO is taking control... it’s not the people, it’s the Elite... this is the deal that will end all deals +the social contract... just hope +pray Parliament votes this down
Not a bad idea but then again the thought of 1 hour of ‘will of the people’ &amp; ‘in the national interest’ from the Maybot is making me nauseous.
Dear , I voted for you in the last 2 elections and am very happy with the way you conducted yourself regarding #Brexit. I'm sure you will already do this but please take this as another request to support #PeoplesVote. #BrexitDeal is the worst in history...
This deserve a retweet.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (1) I haven't read it (Well, it's the Guardian.) I just want to make an observation about the terms in which the Guardian couches its description of Brexit events.
I don’t think she’s spoken to real people , in the wild, even once in her political career.
MPs have always enjoyed the freedom of Europe. Now they want to impose controls on the next generation, that will deprive them of the same ability to transform their lives. How can Mrs May pretend this is a good idea? She is the worst PM in living memory #Brexit wrecksit
Brexit Withdrawal Agreement Explained: (video by
Dear #TheresaMay – This is one of best articles in response to #TheresaMay ’s fake peace offering of a Letter regarding the whole #Tory #Brexit fiasco - please read &amp; share - by Media Diversified
It is logical that May refused to express regret re: #Brexit .But when the PM of a country I admire so much is at pains to stress that she doesn‘t feel any kind of sorrow about parting ways with long-standing allies&amp;friends,I can‘t help myself: this feels personal. And it hurts.
Recognise this is a bit left-field in amongst all the Brexit noise, but anyone know anyone with a couple of tickets they don’t want for in Strathpeffer next Saturday (Dec 1st)? Happy to pay bit over face value if that helps...
Hear hear Steve Bray...keep up the good work. STOP brexit.
When Dodges points out the fallacy of #Brexit idiocy, it’s pretty much over.
No. The position adopted at Conference was clear enough. A General Election, first and foremost.
BBC News - Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
It’s hilarious how much #Blair still rattles people. Left, right, they know he still commands an audience across the spectrum. They’re so driven with ideology, dogma and hatred they’ll be largely ignored and dismissed. Its boring folks. Boring. #Brexit
I’ll take the possibility of a #peoplesvote over your botched #WithdrawalAgreement
Today´s popular topics in Eurozine: #climatechange #Russia #Brexit #EU #sports is a network of European cultural journals and an online magazine which publishes articles from its partner journals with additional translations.
Investors say markets unlikely to help May on Brexit
With growing uncertainty around the draft Withdrawal Deal, we’re launching our free Business Brexit Health Check to help businesses learn more about how it may impact them &amp; the main scenarios, get your personalised report here #GBCCBrexit #brumhour
Can you do one about our shitty Brexit?!
Well said Howard. Bring the vote on.
It is democracy, a lot can change in a short while and require a public vote. After all the Conservative government went back to the people in a very much shorter time. It is democracy. We definately need a people’s vote on #Brexit
#brexit what has happened! Treason? Maybe. Any help for the EU they can whistle. The line has been drawn. We are second class in the eyes of the EU.
That should go well given that you have neither.
When will the British government realise they are our representatives and not our masters #brexit is a shambles worst deal out a better deal in must stop this madness
It's a shame the Corbyn machine did such a number on him that he's never really recovered. Been admirably clear headed on Brexit and seems pretty personable and genuine.
She doesn't even listen to her own cabinet Brexit ministers so how the hell can she possibly know what the British want apart from our democratic decision that said OUT.
THREATENING TO DO THE RIGHT FOR ONCE Arlene Foster: If backstop isn't removed, Brexit deal won't get DUP support (via )
If the government is terrified of no deal, they shouldn’t put it as a referendum option. It should be a straight choice between an orderly Brexit with May’s deal or Remain.
Agree but should be highlighting the consequences of Brexit in terms of poverty as this report does.
Nov 25, 2018 TotalEclipseChannel Q Anon Brexit Deal Scam, France Protests, Treason, Mexico, D5
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Remember the no deal is better than a bad deal. This is a bad deal. Emmanuel Macron has said the UK will be trapped in a customs union after Brexit unless Downing Street offers European fishermen full access to British waters during the coming trade negotiations
Nothing it was full of how she has done everything for us full of utter BS May making out she is the chosen one they only one who can get a Brexit Deal...
Showing unreasonable support for an opinion or plan of action and refusing to change or listen to different opinions. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
That Brexit made it thus far is an absurdity: that Brexit has morphed into a binding treaty is both folly &amp; tragedy: that millions of people still believe in it is a human travesty. Brexit is ugly &amp; grotesque in equal measure: it was &amp; remains a UK scourge &amp; a crown of thorns.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair: "It’s elementary, the only way through this Brexit impasse is a second referendum ..." via
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
Might you be confusing with And what's wrong with the information published by the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation?
'A miserable failure of negotiation': Jeremy Corbyn blasts Theresa May's #Brexit deal
Britain's opposition Labour Party will oppose Brexit deal: Corbyn
Can anyone put me right? Where’s this £39 billion Brexit “divorce” payment going to come from? That’s a bloody lot of money to magic out of nowhere Theresa?
It hasn't even been signed yet and already Brussels is stabbing us in the back with article 50 and Macron is weaponising the backstop to gain more access to our fishing grounds. THESE BASTARDS ARE NAZIS. Surely we can see that.
Can Charm negotiate Brexit? #Dynasties
Another vote? Nah, just cancel brexit. It was only advisory.
So secret it was leaked by number 10 to the Mail to try and build support for May’s deal.
Surely, a no deal Brexit would be worth it just for that? - Philip Hammond 'will quit and take five ministers if May gets No Deal' via
just watched your new film theory and I’m scared as a European because YouTube’s what I look forward to when I wake up, lots of people I watch are American so #Article13 can’t happen. Let’s pull together as a nation forget brexit and lets fight this #SAVEYOURNINTERNET
Theresa May - Saying”The British people are fed up with Brexit” . Primarily to get her atrocious deal through. However the British people are actually fed up with Theresa May! With her fudging of Brexit. And her total incompetence.
See you soon #brexit Portada de
Remain was always the sensible option. Brexit has been the shot in the arm that nationalism needed, baffled why the majority of unionists fail to see this.
WE HAVE NOT AGREED NOR BACKED THAT PAEDO LOVING TRAITORS BREXIT DEAL, WE NEVER VOTED FOR HER VERSION. GET HER OUT OF THE UK AND HER GLOBALIST CABAL
I'm thinking of learning the bagpipes. That way if there are medicine shortages after Brexit and it doesn't end well for me I can at least haunt those responsible by playing a spectral rendition of Donald Where's Yer Troosers until they are driven as mad as I have been.
did you actually read the article? the Chemicals cannot be stored so they have to be JIT, they cannot be Stored or Stockpiled a no deal Brexit means WTO rules which means JIT is out of the Window.
Course Teri Me forgets It's all Corbyn's fault Lest we forget LibDems the party that oppose #Brexit Nahhht !
May's Brexit may be: EU leaders endorse the contentious deal at emergenc... via
Praised over Brexit, Barnier could target EU top job
Well done Rachael.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Britain's May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
Did you vote Brexit ?
You've got to be joking. All Brexit benefits blocked. We need to get away from slow-growing EU. If, God forbid, gets her surrender agreement through, it will take a decade to unravel. At great expense. RIP. Thanks for nothing Mrs May.
No deal was always the nuclear option - 2yrs of drama &amp; high bullshit has left us discombobulated enough to seriously believe ‘no deal’ is doable. No transition. No nothing. That’s no deal. It’s a high seas &amp; high &amp; dry Brexit. How did we get here..?
EU leaders back UK Brexit deal in 38 minutes - as furious MPs vow to block it
Nicola Sturgeon: There’s almost nothing true in Theresa May’s Brexit letter
This government's Brexit deal will leave us worse off. It's a miserable little compromise. They need to vote against it in Parliament. I've told my MP. Tell yours: via
Being a important part of the EU we have a far greater voice than alone. Can imagine the trade deal Donald would carve out for us after Brexit.
Hammond's constituency Party please note.!
And you thought brexit was bad.. look at what i’m deaing with.
Best deal for EU27 and UK is to #Remain in the EU. The best deal for EU27 is what’s been negotiated, which is not renegotiable. UK can’t crash out of EU because it would become a rogue state Parliament must either vote to accept EU deal or #Remain in EU
Me too!
Brexit deal approved by EU leaders: What happens next?
There is no other way. withdrawal agreement is the best we can get. End off. All you can neg. Is a better political Declaration. But it's only going to get better is you accept the four freedoms. Labour has said nothing on this. Just pie in the sky. Accept deal. Or don't brexit.
The only one xpleased with this deal is Mays husband
“Come on, Laura, you can do it. If it’s a statement that’s known not to be true, what is it called?” “It’s a L…, a L L L… It’s no good, I just can’t say that word”
Hmmmm not sure about naive.. certainly crap advisors and poor judgement though... HO, resigned, 2017 election fiasco resigned, Brexit.. should resign or sacked
The Brexit deal has been agreed by 27 countries my dad tells me I’m waiting for the British political parties to show themselves up cos they will woof
And another one!
For a Truly Independent Britain #brexit
Agreed... definitely not Brexit!
Ok. But judging by the Ulster Union of farmers, many who may have voted Brexit for party allegiance are now remain as salience of the issues increase. The ratio must be 70:30 now and much higher amongst informed people.
That’s my hope too... but it then needs Labour to say: vote for us to stop Brexit. There’s your referendum. Sadly, Corbyn won’t do that.
If Ireland plays its cards right, we can use the Brexit chaos to annex Northern Ireland, Scotland, the good bits of Wales and England as far south as Coventry....by next Friday.
Old guy in the pub seems to have voted Brexit so we don't have to use the Euro. Something that would never have happened anyway.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
Alan Sugar calls Jacob Rees-Mogg 't**t in a pinstripe suit' in Brexit rant
Brexit would not be happening if Corbyn wasn't Labour Party leader.
He (s p Chakravarty) is always right about these things
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
U.K., EU Approve Hard-Fought Brexit Divorce Deal. Now the Harder Work Begins.,
Remoaners have been about for ages we now have Brexit-tears because you’re not getting exactly what you want, suck it up son
Strange as it may seen after Brexit and freedom of movement is curtailed working class people will be in demand ,no cheap labour from abroad competing for low paid jobs
There’s a poor taste joke in there somewhere about the occupation of the Channel Islands
I need him to do one about our shitty Brexit! I want one on my wall, with some Tory cun*s!
he has a tiny economy wagging the UK dog - its time for all Brexit MPs to come together even temporarily in one party
James Delingpole on Theresa May &amp; Brexit: "Let’s remind ourselves, for example, why Theresa May’s Brexit proposition is being described as the Worst Deal in History."
CrossTalk: Broken Brexit? via
Mps "voted out" ? It will be REMAINER mps and tories who refuse to back a REAL BREXIT who will be ousted at the polls......WE WANT A REAL BREXIT .fully OUT . not the Lock us in deal you have conspired to create!
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Twunt, for when Twat and C**T just are enough on their own.
So we have a deal - but will parliament back it? We’ll explain what happens next plus MPs will be challenged by their constituents on breakfast tomorrow morning 6am #Brexit
It would make interesting viewing.
An Open Letter to Theresa May by Rebecca Hurst. Sadly Theresa May only regards the 17.4m as the people. You, I and the 16m+ according to our PM, are not people.
The biggest Brexit mistake was to allow the EU see you coming, unlike the electorate.
On this day of all days, Brexit is not funny. Mrs May has delivered Brexit with dignity and skill, backed by expert civil servants working with equally skilled Eurocrats. Mrs May will forever be linked with Brexit as evidence of her being one of the best Prime Ministers ever.
If this is the supposed win-win deal we might as well go with the the lose-lose deal and at least keep the idea that laws and taxes can only be imposed by a government elected by the people on who the laws and taxes fall. #NoDeal #brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
Good timing. Trump is still distracted by fallout from the midterm elections, UK distracted by Brexit, so perfect time to create instability in Ukraine in advance of their elections (March 2019 by the way). My intel source says cyber “buzzing like crazy”
BBC Scotland reporter claims fishing access not part of any Brexit agreement, despite official document text indicating otherwise - via
Any shop keepers on here ? Working off T.Mays deal For Xmas I'm going go to your shop collecting what I want and instead of paying, YOU are going to give me money for doing so. On top of that I now own your shop. #brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
A small minority will be upset the rest of us will celebrate. There is no brexit majority.
Of course it's not up to the Remain side to explain the insanity of Brexit, they just expected most people would agree it was madness. Brexit was never explainable in the first place, that's why Leave offered empty slogans and BS instead.
With a #EU distracted by #Brexit and a #US led by a Putinophile President, how will the world react to this latest escalation of #Putin’s #war against #Ukraine?
Who is really clever &amp; can tell me which UR MASONIC SUPER LODGES are behind the UN MIGRATION PACT, BREXIT, MACRON, MAY #QAnon #masons #URLODGE #UR #LODGES #leviathan #Parsifal #edmundburke #paneuropa #secrecy #ANTICHRIST #CFR #RIIA #chathamhouse #pact
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
May revives Brexit dividend 'lie' in bid to sell deal to public and MPs
European leaders sign off on Theresa May’s proposed Brexit deal All 27 European leaders have signed off on a Brexit deal proposed by British Prime Minister Theresa May. EU President Donald Tusk made...
Learn French for Brexit insight
I tried to argue about this with some people and was surprised by the reaction. They were all upset by the simple idea of being asked which kind of Brexit they wanted. I'm no EU uber-fan (indeed the recent "European army" talks seem ridiculous) but many simply said "just leave".
Can add Brexit to the list too.
In that case.... NO DEAL
Instead of demanding a leaders debate on the Brexit deal, Shed be well served to face the residents. But alas the photo opportunities in Govanhill will be far inferior to what she craves!
Brexit will never happen, according to the only analyst to call the general election right via
Parliement will not let this happen the #Brexit outcomes are now May's deal or stay in. Samual Tombs has been right every step of the way #PeoplesVote
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Looks like Putin is starting to extract his Trump / Brexit dividend in Ukraine.
Juncker will personally see to it that rain clouds will no longer cross the Channel. However, he has indicated that he is willing to look the other way if he is provided with 85 bottles of Glenfiddich on a monthly basis.
Russia have been probing for a few years now. Looks like Brexit might be a part of it too.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
how are you feeling about brexit?? — our ppl are dumb that’s all
Hitler had an illustrious dream of an united Europe with architectural splendour. Have we just destroyed it twice? #Brexit #Newsnight #bbcpapers
Interesting results so far but this needs to go out to a much larger audience than I can reach...
I'm doing no such thing. I'm a passionate remainer who thinks brexit is a fucking insane idea.
When we said Brexit was getting dull and we wanted different headlines we did not mean this - But anyhow, Putin should be treated as a serious threat
Oh dear did you not realize that the arguments were only just beginning? So looking forward to having a deeply acrimonious relationship with my second rate homeccountry
Absolutely they want it voted down so they can “No Brexit”. They will never allow a no deal.
Who do you suggest takes the reigns and completes Brexit?
Gallons of crocodile tears being shed from EU politicians and politicos tonight over #Brexit. If they really cared, why did they keep dry eyed, and silent, when Mrs Merkel trashed Mr Cameron’s pre-referendum deal?
Far right are already resurgent, Caroline. Brexit has been their catalyst. It is this, and sadly your acquiescence, that has given fuel to Yaxley-Lennon, UKIP etc. Also, they cheated or does that not matter to you?
They want to lock me up for criticising censorship! They are going Full Totalitarian right out in the open!... and this Traitorous, Fake "#Brexit" agreement is playing right into their hands!!! #NoDeal
Subservient. A single word that defines the UK if #TheresaMay and her #ChequersDeal is approved by the UK Parliament. We will be indentured for generations to EU. Long after is dead her ailing legacy will continue. #Brexit
If not 2 years ago, if not tomorrow, when will you #FreeNazanin ? Many #UK citizens are held captive in #Iran Yet, is focused on #JCPOA &amp; #Brexit for years.
Brexit: Why Britain Left the European Union via
The Conservative Party won the election in 2015 on the back of promising a referendum. The country will hold the party responsible for delivering on Brexit.
In fairness its commentary &amp; whilst schadenfreude is present amongst some Irish at their neighbours seeming self-destruction , there is also a prevailing genuine concern about the effects Brexit could have upon Ireland.
Why, why on earth should we back anything. It's your stupid Brexit, not mine. I don't want it and I will fight to stop it. You are deliberately damaging our country for the sake of your party unity, and not even achieving that.
I will never vote for a party that supports #Brexit
When you are considering her Brexit Deal, remember that this woman also thought Beefheart's Tragic Band was his best work.
Well said Corbyn is a liability. Time to get rid of him.
I agree. The politics was settled by Labour Conference. The tactics now must be led by the shortening period of time available and the looming Brexit crisis ahead. A special conference is unnecessary internal party politics. A People's Vote is necessary national interest politics
Listen to our fearless VP at and at 6 &amp; 11 PM tonight giving our reaction to today’s news: #Brexit agreement approved by the #EU
This is what Brexit looks like, now we should ask the People to vote on the Deal on offer. We need a People’s Vote.
That could work, but I think joining up in a Celtic Union with Ireland, within the EU, would be a great solution. (Getting ahead of myself I know, but at least to put it out there)
Excellent thread on Trump and Brexit entanglements.
I think it's probably safe to say that May's time as PM is now over ! By ignoring British democracy the very democracy that made her PM she has denounced it &amp; decided to become autocratic &amp; create a Dictatorship !
"Nobody is winning:" EU set to approve fraught Brexit deal
No, LDH, brexit has a long way to go yet, and Putin is still just playing with us ...
How about the Tories dont deliver #brexit and we stay in........ Yes
Even Jacob Rees Mogg thinks it will take the UK 50 years to benefit from a no deal Brexit. That’s longer than an “immediate” setback.
Lexi will have to go after March 29th if it's a hard Brexit anyway. #thearchers
WTO no free movement ...................Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
Putin used the same social media voter manipulation tactic during the Brexit vote in England he used during our 2016 election. Both votes should be overturned.
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues?
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues?
These anti-Brexit protests are a symptom of a country that has lost its collective mind. Jumping on trampolines, wearing fucking *yellow stars*, burning the withdrawal agreement. It won’t be taken seriously by the public. Not a regional accent heard anywhere on the videos either.
You are a damn #Liar and a racist We will never ever agree to this deal We will never accept Brexit as a democratic act We will work with decent citizens to rejoin Find a good place to hide. You are a national pariah
Brexit referendum: First poll since Theresa May's deal reveals UK public want a second vote | London Evening Standard
Best deal for EU27 and UK is to #Remain in the EU. The best deal for EU27 is what’s been negotiated, which is not renegotiable. UK can’t crash out of EU because it would become a rogue state Parliament must either vote to accept EU deal or #Remain in EU
Labour will still be playing the Brexit waiting game this time next year.
Oh dear. Its not Brexit, rather than a Remain in the EU deal without the pinbadge. It gives up sovereignty, including NI, Gibraltar and our fishing grounds.
Theresa May.. The politician Universal. my brexit hallelujah. #satire #universalcredit #dwp #esa #pips #disabilityhatecrime #toriesout #brexit 10
The Brexit Broadcasting Corporation? My, you're a card.
No, a People’s Vote would cut off the air supply of the far right and have them scurrying back to their holes. We need to smash Brexit legally and democratically. Have we not learned that appeasement does not work?
MPs on both sides of the House are now saying that May's #Brexit deal is the worst ever and that the UK is actually worse off than it was when within the EU. QUESTION: WTF doesn't the UK STAY in the EU then, or promptly hold another referendum to address the situation??? WHY?
My new five-part Brexit Trump Freedom themed musical work. if you fancy a blast x
A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit A Betrayal Brexit deal
Did anyone celebrate brexit? Did people gather in Trafalgar Square the day after tomorrow he referendum? I don't remember anything like that. It's a pretty miserable affair even for the "winners".
With govts we wait four years, with Brexit, it's forever. Bloody Govt who gave us the referendum.
Brexit can’t compete with, “The pleasure revolution: the sex women really want” — or so I thought before I read it. The sexual revolution is so slow you could die waiting for an incremental plot development. End the patriarchy, monarchy, class system, fossil economy NOW!
I know this will not sway a single brexiteer but for the sake of the country, have a people’s vote and stay in the EU #PeoplesVote
I wonder when it’s going to dawn on the massed ranks of asinine, slavishly-loyal-to-May Tory junior ministers &amp; MPs that May hasn’t only shafted Brexit &amp; arguably democracy, but certainly their own future careers as MPs as well? #ServeThemRight
I’m beginning to notice a distinctly “Christian” bent in the hard Brexit movement. It’s almost like they’ve watched The Handmaids Tale as a documentary/prospectus.
Now the unelected idiots are threatening a democratic government, people of the UK should all be for Brexit
Then, she need to be kicked out, and UK Parlement chose NO DEAL, and used WTO rules for trade with EU!
has no idea what the British people want. She listens only to her remainer civil servants the media, who don’t want Brexit, her remainer cabinet and then believes she knows what we want. I voted Conservative in every election from 18 now 57. Never again if she stays
Brexit’s here, are you listening? It’s a mess, we’re still lying, A horrible sight, when all we talk such shite, Walking in a Brexit wonderland.
We cannot in all that pays respect to R dignity let this decision of May's 2 go unchallenged. How respectful the EU were in Brussels 2day...a sad day indeed. But now there is more work 2 do 2 turn things around for our children and their future. And likewise 4 British citizens.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron Well done PM May you have given away my freedom of movement, made me poorer, agreed to pay billions of Pounds to EU &amp; layed us open to blackmail forever What a complete Traitor you are
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
"We will scrap the Conservatives’ Brexit White Paper and replace it with fresh negotiating priorities that have a strong emphasis on retaining the benefits of the Single Market and the Customs Union"
Praised over Brexit, Barnier could target EU top job
I’m not sure how it would in the immediate future to be honest. Brexit doesn’t affect the rules for non-EU citizens already in place and apart from wXw the scene on the continent is pretty dead.
Incredible to see how #brexiteers got legged over twice .. first for believing the #leave campaign bullshit and then for believing the 2017 #tory manifesto.. no wonder the country is in such a mess.. No one has a clue what #brexit means - wake up!!
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (2) The Guardian presents its attitude to Brexit as motivated by a desire for Britain's well-being. patriotic in Remaining, as others are patriotic in Brexiting.
I'm not British so I cannot muster much of my two cents about #Brexit, but it surely does seem to bit settle well with their commoners.
No !! He has to have Brexit..hard, soft, deal no deal. He cannot renationalise railways, utilities if in EU, against the rules you see
We're watching, Jeremy. We're watching closely. #StopBrexit &gt;&gt; Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
WOW! What a fantastic clear analysis of how terrible this deal is for the future of our country! Any loyal Conservative that trusts the PM should read this.#StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
Not pointless. The Brexit process has revealed that dirty double dealings are not solely your preserve. We know more clearly now that we need out of the EU &amp; a thorough shake up of British Political Parties to inject honour, decency &amp; patriotism &amp; to maximize Brexit opportunities
We'll done Ames. Just to Let you know my caddy rates will remain the same even after Brexit #forthelove
Yep. That’s pretty much me too.
Agreed, total sell out of UK, democracy and sovereignty
. The 4 parties must urgently meet with the RoI Gov't &amp; EU. The WA doesn't contain their Joint Report promises to protect EU citizen rights of we Irish in the North. ?
Theresa May asked multiple times if she will resign if Brexit deal fails in Parliament... She dodged the question time and time again. 80 Tory MPs oppose the deal, Labour oppose the deal and SNP &amp; Lib dems. She is toast. #Brexit
Which Parliament doesn’t want. So doesn’t that tell you parliament won’t allow it. Or are you saying brexit happens as a result of process and default.. what kind of democracy is that? I think we can agree trust had been broken. This is now beyond our constitution
Caroline, do you think the far right will stop at Brexit? And do you think they will stop demonising foreigners after Brexit shafts our economy? Of course not.
Obvious now that this has been the plan all along. There was never going to be a genuine Brexit with May as PM.
Why? Do you have another false prediction for what will happen after Brexit? Don't bother to produce it. By the way. Q3 GDP growth figures; Germany -0.2%, Italy 0%, France 0.4%, UK 0.6%
A #NoDeal Brexit is beginning to look the most likely outcome imo. I'm a #Remainer but starting to think a no deal #Brexit is only way to democratically deliver on the referendum result, especially if this terrible deal is all that's been negotiated. #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
Brexit agreement with EU 'only possible deal' available: UK PM May
We tell the EU to Stuff May's surrender document and leave immediately on WTO Rules in an Open and Clean BREXIT. Given that the pre-referendum warnings from Project Fear Mk.1 were totally inaccurate, it is highly likely the Project Fear Mk.2 warning will be any more accurate.
We are prepared for Britain to cancel Brexit, says EU president
Leave, WTO, Brexit, Full Brexit, Hard Brexit, No-Deal, Crash-out...They're all the same thing. And it was promised and is not being carried out. Nobody voted for what's now on the table.
.....except that time when YOU &amp; your rich mates did it to Scotland from 2013 onwards! Ha! whaur ye gaun, ye crowlin ferlie? Your impudence protects you sairly; O wad some Power the giftie gie us To see oursels as ithers see us! The only upside to brexit! Watching JK squirm!
The tide of violence which is rising to sweep us out the country... is rather more important. And no, common English views are NOT shocking. Brexit shows...
Brexit s dead. Let’s just listen to prog rock.
Noooooo! No more long road trips, no more mosquitoes, no more tapeworms, no more sea sickness, no more HEAT, and no more b*****y horrible flies! Leave us at home sweet home! We don't wanna go! #PETS #cats #dogs #vets
What is actually is the Brexit deal? I feel like I missed out on the facts. Where can I find the details? #Brexit
Visited frosty Stockholm to see friends. Incredibly festive. Chance to ignore the world (though they've also political shenanigans going on). Now on train logging onto twitter to Brexit ranting. Sigh. So here are some reindeer in the snow at
Good morning, early birds. The Coalition is dealing with the aftermath of Saturday's Victorian election loss, European leaders sign off on Brexit "tragedy", and South Australia prepares ahead of a prison smoking ban. It's the news you need to know:
Firstly I didn't use the word "constantly" you did. I simply said 'interrupted' which she was. Also I didn't mention pro or anti Brexit, you did. My point was two Tories who were treated respectfully, and one Labour (Rachel) who wasn't. 'Pierce' was pulling faces as she spoke!
Has anyone sacrificed more than people of Northern Ireland in defending our precious Union. Men like Nigel Dodds who was almost murdered by IRA outside a hospital. Yet Theresa May has audacity to try and buy us off to further appease Brussels masters. What an insult! #Brexit
Sorry, mention of “EU best endeavours” sets me off on one! I’m so so angry with them. I really fear civil unrest if Brexit is not delivered, and this deal is not delivering Brexit at all. We must stop this betrayal.
In depth consideration of the role of Farage in doing Putin’s bidding. #TrumpRussia
You need to urge your CLP to get rid of Phillips. She hates JC and will vote with the Tories just to spite him. She HAS to go as soon as possible.
#International #Politics : To #Brexit or Not To #Brexit ?
Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Juncker
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
As my MP I hope that you will vote against this disaster of a Brexit deal that is the worst of all worlds.
May Writes 'Letter to the Nation' Begging for Brexit Deal Support via
Stitch up Carole between UK &amp; EU. There need to be a Full enquiry into the handling of Brexit.
Excellent thread
Just not true.
She’s working for the Rothchilds International Elite. As are Juncker et al.
Remind yourself that this post is from a serving Tory MP.
Michael Barnier the only person to win from the #BrexitDeal
#NoBrexit for me too thanks!
Please RT. We need this for the #Peoplesvote campaign.
Theresa May's Brexit deal plea 'letter to the nation' in full
So #Brexit and political experts, will we see more Cabinet resignations tomorrow?
Hows about... bullshit to the public that #BREXIT is REAL... then carry on with corrupt #EU dictatorship...
There's still time to stop this disastrous Brexit. Our country needs jobs, investment and working public services. Brexit threatens all of that. I've signed 's letter to tell Jeremy Corbyn to give us the final say. Sign it here
Looks like the US and Russia have started testing the EU already #Brexit
France is burning. Meanwhile Macron concentrates on threatening Brexit. Perhaps he should get his own country in order.
Parliament will not let this happen the #Brexit outcomes are now May's deal or stay in. Samual Tombs has been right every step of the way #PeoplesVote
ICYMI Julia Hartley Dooda - #Brexit Not Her Fault: she helped cause the shit show .. but DOESN'T WANT TO OWN IT
May's Brexit may yet pass, if Labour abstain. Also, if May's deal falls, we then move to no deal. That's a fact.
EU leaders approve Theresa May’s Brexit deal but warn it cannot be renegotiated
David Cameron called to say he’s actually the worst PM since the war. And then hung up before he could finish the conversation #brexit
Election first, then Brexit as usual? That's like saying better conditions below deck first then full steam ahead to the iceberg afterwards and we'll think about how to mitigate the effects of sinking while we're going down.
British foreign minister Hunt calls parliamentary arithmetic for Brexit deal 'challenging'
What a disgusting Globalist lier... the same Hitler told European States creating Third Raich... maybe he reads carefully Main Kampf...???
British foreign minister Hunt calls parliamentary arithmetic for Brexit deal 'challenging'
What actually is the Brexit deal? I feel like I missed out on the facts. Where can I find the details? #Brexit
Another Emperor in the making,.....must be taking lessons from Xi-Jinping
Theresa May's open letter to Britain: My Brexit deal works for everyone - whether you voted Leave or Remain
British foreign minister Hunt calls parliamentary arithmetic for Brexit deal 'challenging'
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation
Corbyn is absolutely right about this. Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Boris Johnson said the U.K. is on the brink of a “historic mistake,” comparing May’s Brexit plan to Titanic heading for disaster. via
Those are incompatible goals. The four freedoms are indivisible. The EU has been clear about this since a few days after the Brexit vote.
Away from Brexit - we’ll be looking inside Mars (planet not chocolate bar), taking about dangers within implants, and catching up on #Strictly. 6-10am
Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt addresses Brexit on Marr
Careful, you’re starting to stray off the agenda. You’re supposed to say how great Brexit will be for us all and how much better the UK will be for shedding the shackles of the awaful EU.
Theresa May must be the dumbest leader to sign away all our rights. We will be in a worse off position than we were before Brexit.
In my Remain family, when we talk about our fears regarding Brexit we speak of nothing but trade and the police.
You can look what I wrote today ? 1 - 4 ...
this should be the nail in the coffin of Brexit
#LeaveEu..........Corbyn’s EU SNUB: Labour leader rejects Brussels pleas and pledges to BLOCK Brexit
I’m i Arsed about Brexit
One by one the lies told by will be exposed along with the appalling consequences of the legally binding #EU #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement that wants #UK to sign Shall we start with fishing Then on to Spain/Gibraltar etc
Would appear someone doesn’t know what they are talking about, do the labour MPs have legal advisors?
The breakup of the GB courtesy of a right wing feud in the &amp; crass self preservation by
. The 's both politically &amp; financially independent, with no official oversight by the other institutions of the EU. The fear-mongering around Brexit bringing about the downfall of the European project is unfounded &amp; could Never lead to the collapse of the Euro.
Not just Just In Time issue - WTO adds 4% tariff to parts and 10% to finished cars. It'd be game over.
Brexit is Brexit, deal is deal, exit is exit. Fuck off! #brexit
EU leaders approve Theresa May’s #Brexit deal but warn it cannot be renegotiated
After #Brexit this will be the only mobile phone available in the UK. You think it's going to do everything you're old phone used to do but basically, it's cheap crap.
Let's get this straight. Blair is so crooked he has to unscrew his undercrackers at night, but his opinion on Brexit is legitimate? Fuk right off.
Dear : Thanks for loving us. Please also keep faith with us and be ready to help us extend Art 50 for a #PeoplesVote
Brexit
What impact will Brexit have on the United States? via
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! vía
Keeps our MSM from wibbling/waffling about Brexit I suppose.
Sorry, Anna, but that Gif looks cruel - though I take your point about the Brexit deal.
It’s not a done deal yet, it can be stopped This so called ‘deal’ is draft, and means 5 more years of Brexit negotiations after March 2019, and the destruction of the UK No thanks MPs will reject this disaster Rescind Article 50 now and/or have a People’s vote
Scots Tory in £435,000 Brexit 'dark money' row facing questions by MPs
All of the above!!!!
Brexit deal explained: backstops, trade and citizens' rights
News - Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
why? so the old goat can get into No.10 and plow ahead with Brexit? Id rather keep May frankly. #PeoplesVote
It's not playing out nicely at all. I will blame them if it's the usual Brexit suspects. Consensus among moderates is to reject May's deal but have a concrete alternative rather than a fantasy - either EEA or PV. That's all anyone's asking. For him to stop lying to people.
Boris Johnson speech: Britain on verge of 'historic mistake' if it accepts current Brexit deal says former foreign secretary
Yes I hear what you are saying, however 17m people were obviously not happy with the deal they originally had. Hence the Brexit referendum. And now they don't like TM's deal.
And you wonder why the British papers are the least trusted in Europe. They have a LOT to answer for peddling lie after lie after lie, just to create headlines in a desperate attempt to sell papers. With no thought for the consequences. Shameful.
The #Brexit deal is taking away people's Freedom of Movement rights, and you are claiming it protects citizens' rights? Not everbody is Tory brainwashed, you know. Some of us still know how to think. It would be hilarious if it wasn't so sad &amp; wrong - and morally wrong.
No. Let's not. This isn't Brexit. It doesn't give us freedom, it subjugation. It's not independence, it's cuckoldry. It doesn't give us sovereignty it hands it over to the EU. Nothing we voted for is in this deal. Nothing. It's a sellout by a treacherous PM.
I absolutely agree that that's what's happening, however, surely if we're going to make any sort of success of Brexit, we have to keep all our money in the country? Or at least as much as possible. Should be less privatisation, not more.
#International #Politics : To #Brexit or Not To #Brexit ? via :
Power is like manure....the more you concentrate in one area the bigger the pile of shit you end up with. #Brexit #NoDeal #TreasonMay #EU
Your war crimes point is completely irrelevant.... This is about brexit and brexit only. Stop diverting.
Why Theresa #May maybe rules all #Brexit waves
MPs want to impose controls, that will deprive the next generation of the same ability to transform their lives, that they themselves have enjoyed. How can Mrs May pretend this is a good idea? She is the worst PM in living memory #Brexit wrecksit
"direct links between the political movements behind Brexit and Trump” urgently need investigating. “We’ve got to recognise the bigger picture here,” he said ... “This is being coordinated across national borders by very wealthy people in a way we haven’t really seen before.”
Said by Damian Collins. From this must read article by (and yeah, also read the 'most read' piece, "Trump At Bay") on today's Guardian US page:
And you thought #brexit was bad..... Look at what I’m dealing with....
Not surprised at the EU. Instead amazed at their patience and good manners as they deal with the U.K.’s incompetent, rude, ill-prepared, inconsistent negotiators... I could go on.
Will EU use this as an excuse to start its draft of European citizens? #brexit cos UK will side with #Russia? #ukraine so many potentials and possibilities
Post referendum analyses suggest the vote of the mainly Protestant Unionist majority in NI mirrored the total UK result - at about 52% for Brexit, and that about 95% of the mainly Catholic Nationalist minority voted to Remain... make of this what you will...
Thank GOD for Jeremy Corbyn and Diane Abbott
Cameron run like the chicken when he knew the going was getting tough.. Then we get the plant May put in power to completely skewer the brexit we voted for, and she has lied her way through this like the traitor she is..The Eu's puppet
Yeah an absolute disgrace shall we go to bed and forget brexit ever happened better than having your pants down that's the UK finished
It’s self-evident that a vote achieved by lies, cheating&amp; criminality has no democratic validity&amp; must be declared null&amp; void.
#Brexit #PlanB Plan Bi) #PeoplesVote | Plan Bii) #GeneralElection | PlanBiii) Brexit Renegotiation | PlanBiv) England and N. Ireland go and live on Mars
The only way out of this mess !
Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means: Chris Morris analyses the key points from the 585-page draft agreement between the UK and the EU.
I am know of most of the people in this piece and I find some of the views interesting and unexpected. British in west Cork fearful about what Brexit deal – or no deal – will bring
It seems the spectator has responded to Mrs Mays 'rebuttal '; you might find it illuminating.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
May is merely kicking the can down the road. Her terrible deal (which is a lot worse than the deal we currently have), offers no solution to the problems with Brexit. If you're sick of Brexit, support a people's vote. Vote to keep what we already have and end this mess.
I've signed the petition calling on the government to make environmental standards stronger, not weaker, after Brexit. Will you add your name?
So we're out as a third country? The only country in the world? You do know what out with WTO really means?
Unless and until we see a supra majority ( either way) of 70/30 nothing should be done on a subject of this magnitude. STOP brexit, second informed referendum now.
Not until you have a leader that will oppose brexit
In 2017, both the Tories &amp; Labour went to the hustings manifestly promising to carry out the will of the people. Should an election occur in early 2019, both parties would again manifestly promise to carry out Brexit even though, by then, it will not be the will of the people!
is the brexit 1. leaving responsibility after wrongdoing in eastern Europe or 2. creating a better economic and social environment for the UK which sounds more real ?
May has become the most despicable PM we've ever had. Lies to us, proposes the reverse of Brexit, and imports muslim terrorists while banning a Christian in severe danger.
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
GrBhamChambers: With growing uncertainty around the draft Withdrawal Deal, we’re launching our free Business Brexit Health Check to help businesses learn more about how it may impact them &amp; the main scenarios, get your personalised report here …
My MP. Her well thought out statement is a good read.
Asking a friend about his weekend and said it was as messy as Brexit. That’s it, Brexit is now a word for going big on a Saturday night.
Glad Brexit means we’re taking back control of our sense of humour...
Today I had a school reunion lunch with two people who voted #Brexit. Neither of them were prepared to discuss it - and one said they were 'sick of it' and 'turn off the News when anything about it comes on'. I DESPAIR!
Juncker #Brexit: This is the deal - the only deal possible
"We'll only get one shot at this" ... | Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
You misunderstand! I think those who voted to leave are numskulls. Brexit is shit !
Yes, we're all bored but we shouldn't just allow Brexit to happen because we're too bored by it all to care.
Outflows from UK-focused equity funds since Brexit vote hit $1tn via
Be nice if any vote on Brexit now in parliament that mp voted how his constituents voted on in Brexit. And not how the mp wants
Woot woot. No deal #brexit. Bring it on.
Europeans are too busy by their own crisis someone tells him about brexit in Britain and protests in France do ur job
brexit me softly
Translate!
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is a ‘disaster’: Nile Gardiner via
Brexit will be the downfall of the uk.
‘NOTHING can be ruled out’ Jeremy Hunt says Government could be BROUGHT DOWN by Brexit: JEREMY… #Brexit #ClickBait
Very true. Having managed to mute the Labour Party on crucial moments of Brexit debated Corbyn and his band have done a great service to Putin and Tump. This incredible fact feels almost sinister.
I wonder how Brexit-enabling Corbynistas will justify a massive increase in military spending to appease Trump when he inevitably demands it as part of a “fairer trade deal” with Britain... #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Such arrogance from the addled old fool. Brexit was the result of EU intransigence and refusal to reform
Now make sense and true why David Cameron left his Chair after news the world w/ #Brexit election vote. I had to scary again so much for my life and family that time and was living in streets. I posted that D12 track “The Good Die Young”.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (3) And yet it has consistently produced headlines which inexplicably ascribe some irresistible power of decision, over Britain, to various foreign leaders.
1 day later only and Mr. Corbyn looks 10 years older. The reason he is finally forced to stop his hide and seek and speak out. A party leader without an opinion? Ever heard of that? Causing confusion rather than clarity. Perhaps long beyond expiry date?
Corbyn is as thick as pig muck which speaks volumes about his sheeple. He doesn’t understand Brexit, everytime he opens his gob he contradicts others in his party. If he’s the great last hope we really are doomed and deserve what we get if he ever gets the keys to No.10
&gt;"We can now see the deal... - "How The EU Really Works For YOU!... - #Brexit #Fbpe #Abtv #Ofoc #Waton #UKIP #Brino #Remain #FinalSay #PeoplesVote -
Nothing defines irony more than someone who complains about waiting hours to be seen in A&amp;E yet doesn't want to put an end to free movement immigration. #Brexit #Facts
I really like Deborah and what a damn fine looking woman she is. It’s just that blooming Brexit thang.....Oh Deborah. #dragonsden
Excellent, reasoned piece. If only other MPs read the Vassalage Bill, rather than believe May.
Is that, or is that not, tantamount to vote g for a cliff edge / Mad Max Brexit? (I genuinely don't know the answer, I guess no-one will until we run the experiment and find out, but it's a pretty big risk isn't it?)
No false hopes, but they cave into spanish demands to reopen the talks on Gibraltar, leading to last minute concessions to the Spanish. MPs will be thinking the EU will just cave into British demands if we throw a big enough tantrum like the Spanish did.
I don't believe it's the case with but there's an awful lot of people who make the argument about Leave areas coming off worst from Brexit who showed very little concern for poor regions of the UK or the EU before the Referendum didn't go the way they wanted.
Supreme Court rejects government’s appeal bid in Brexit reversal case
About 33% has.
And while most of Europe follow #BREXIT Russia allegedly makes aggressive moves.
Dear N Ireland is already unstable, with a nationalist majority due as soon as 2021. ##Brexit will destabilise it even further, + dark forces wait to exploit the situation #PeoplesVote
Horse feathers
In a post-Brexit world, how should we treat the legacy of the British Empire? Join us for an uncensored look at Britain’s colonial past Thu 6 Dec . Tickets:
Theresa May’s dismal deal should be crushed by parliament
As an ambassador for Doncaster and consultancy MP highly. Since Brexit announced foreign investment in Doncaster has never being higher and unemployment levels lowest for years. Yet to see real evidence Doncaster will be ruined by Brexit but we will never know until 29th March.
And Britain/EU will be so absorbed by #Brexit It will ignore! Plus Trump will turn a blind eye. Putin playbook coming up with the goods.
Maybe then T.May and her husband can dig into those billions of shares they have to pay for it .
Says it all really. Sad times.
Follow the most popular tweets on like this one by
Well he was climbing the greasy pole when she ran out of Brexit Ministers...so an easy choice for TM...
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Sick of remain (EU/PM) refering to no deal brexit. There is no such thing as no deal its called WTO. They need to get their facts right rather than spinning a yarn with words which describe apocalyptic situation.
View, copy, and repost to all platforms, and paste into duckduckgo search engine to locate please Nov 25, 2018 TotalEclipseChannel Q Anon Brexit Deal Scam, France Protests, Treason, Mexico, D5
To believe that you are “delivering on the Referendum” with this capitulation and punishment Brexit, you must be one or more of the following: deranged, deluded, dishonest or dense (as mince). You cannot treat the British electorate as fools.
All of the UK establishment parties including UKIP have failed the people, it is time for real change #FreeTommy #WeThePeople #WWG1WGA #Freedom #WalkAway #Qanon #AslansArmy #ControlledMSM #GreatAwakening #BrexitAlliance the World is watching #spygate tick tock NO DEAL BREXIT
Maybe you and your colleagues shouldn't have facilited this and not voted with the govt on every single #Brexit resolution and law. If you had voted against from the beginning, this would now be dead in the water.
I find current #brexit times fascinating: projecting the movements of the next 8 weeks (to 21st Jan) and then the roughly 11 after that (to 29 March) seem as complex, as the current world championship chess (startling to observe, and to step through..):
associated-press|EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home|
Well, the BBC might not, but an awful lot of the rest of us are still bloody angry about it and her.
With the centenary of the end of World War I in November, there have been plenty of sombre occasions for European leaders of late. But perhaps none have been quite as sombre as the brief meeting to sign the withdrawal agreement detailing the... #EU #EUpol
Theresa May must be celebrating
Who is the real Nigel Farage?
Terrific thread, for those getting misty-eyed about the halcyon days of New Labour. I remember all too well Straw, Reid, Blunkett, Clarke as home secretaries.... a succession of illiberal bastards pandering to bigots and xenophobes.
I'm not getting involved in the bullsh!t on Twatter - waste of time tweeting and commenting. I think we should start with refusing to pay tax or completing tax returns. 17+m million of them. Funding/voting for them only encourages them. Cut off the oxygen ...
If that’s your best deal Jean, we’ll just leave it, thanks. Good luck to you - oh, and your and our grandchildren? You’re free to have your opinions because of our grandfather’s by the way #Brexit
brilliant synopsis of the #Brexit
I have no intention of ever voting tory again I haven't now for some time
As the media tries to whitewash Theresa May’s Brexit deal and make Jeremy Corbyn responsible, remember how we got here
Over thirty votes opposing Tories on Brexit and in a parliament where you don't command a majority you lose.Its convenient to ignore facts when it doesn't suit your bias.Its also convenient to ignore the hard right tories who are the real problem &amp; lets blame Corbyn like a sheep
Brexiters looking forward to being owned by a real super state haha
He made a Freudian confession of sorts, comparing the brexit deal to him winning the election as a Labour politician then him becoming a Conservative politician.
For its part, Brussels approved the Brexit divorce deal today. The ball is now back in the UK's court, where the deal will go to a vote in the House of Commons in a few weeks.
have you seen this?
Could there be a second Brexit vote?
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
But that, of course, is a lie. This deal is clearly not in the national interest &amp; pointing that out does not make one an ultra, or shouty. May's tactic is always to repeat implausible slogans. The government's own analysis indicates that brexit will leave the country worse off.
brilliant synopsis of the #Brexit Plot
Hmm is Milne responsible for all this "triangulation" over Brexit?
Hi #brumhour. A no-deal #Brexit could end up with a shortage of #asthma inhalers. If you have asthma you should learn to control your breathing so you can cope without your #Ventolin. DM me if you have questions about the #Buteyko Breathing Method.
1/ Brexit: EU president Jean-Claude Juncker says he would vote in favour of Theresa May's deal Brexit: EU president Jean-Claude Juncker says he would vote in favour of Theresa May's deal If this drunken fool says it's a good deal for the UK then you KNOW
2/ it's not. The EU have given nothing in these negotiations and the UK has given up every possible advantage brexit could have brought. #BrexitBetrayal #MayBetrayedMyVote #NoDealIsBetterThanABadDeal
Blame Trump and Brexit
expresses far more eloquently than I ever could how I feel about Brexit and the deal on offer. It’s time for a grown up conversation of MPs to reject the deal and take active steps to prevent a no deal Brexit which would otherwise happen
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
'A miserable failure of negotiation': Jeremy Corbyn blasts Theresa May's #Brexit deal
Top reads this week include stories about Brexit, regulation of digital assets and trade reporting. Plus 10 holiday dinner table discussion items from our member . via
Ich mag das -Video: Brexit explained: what happens when the UK leaves the EU?
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
#USA #America #US EU leaders approve &amp;#8216;tragic&amp;#8217; Brexit deal
What was UNREAL about the 2016 brexit referendum? And has Blair visited his dentist yet. Yukky bottom set.
Pretentious, pompous, fake, crap cosplayer pseudo-aristoprat who learnt some Latin idioms off by heart to conceal his intellectual vacuity.
#Brexit now and negotiate later.
Brexit effect....... power stations closed down
Gina - you have GOT to make this in to a t-shirt! I'd buy one. We could have blocks to Brexit on the back or sleeve.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
We need a new party to choose as the 4 we have at the moment are all in a mess.
Nowhere enough embarrassment in these replies. I'm suspecting hidden truths and outright dishonesty on a par with Theresa May's brexit "deal" letter.
I’ve come to the conclusion that you have too much time on your hands. While most of us is working you’re tweeting. I imagine a hard Brexit won’t impact you and your family financially, while it may have a massive impact on the average person (who you keep tweeting your crap).
Total Eclipse Published on Nov 25, 2018 The Brexit deal is an oxymoron for a specific reason. No negotiations have been conducted since the Referendum occurred over 2 years ago. Let us explore the conundrum and lies worldwide including Macron’s evident hypocrisy.
There’s always a bright side side to a no deal Armageddon.
Hmmmm first Spain, now France. The UK is about to learn some hard lessons. Wait until real trade negotiations start. Or #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Evening Headlines &gt; Syria Rebels Gas Attack &gt; China Pakistan Unease &gt; Brexit And Church Read All About It All Free All The Time #HackneyBooks #Syria #PakistanChina #Brexit #HackneyBooksNews
Yes but IMO brexiters play fast and loose with the EU/EEC distinction. 1) There will be no 2nd referendum 2) Don’t you mean no 3rd? 3) No the one for the EEC is quite different. 4) So leaving the EU does not mean leaving the EEC? 5) Brexit is Brexit
#Brexit: #UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal' - BBC News
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
#Brexit: #UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal' - BBC News
#SundaySunday Ukraine Russia Conflict escalation - US Border erupts - Brexit shaky - Afghan increased attacks Yemen famine - Khashoggi base
Courtesy of Russia Today's targeted Facebook advertising, I see that DUP MP Jim Shannon was on Alex Salmond's show last week &amp; said that the Commons vote (c11 Dec) on the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement will be "a defining moment for where we stand in the confidence &amp; supply [deal]".
Utterly totally deluded
#Brexit deal: #EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom
#Brexit deal: #EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom
Horay Theresa May about your lies
Should have had a plan then, dickhead.
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
The Three Tenors sing I want EU back Whatever we said Whatever we did We didn’t mean it We just want EU back for good #Brexit The threats meant nothing darling. You belong to me.
52% of people got taken in by a lie on the side of a bus, in a vote so crooked the cops investigating, and the only people who benefit from Brexit are the fucking Russians. Get Bent
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
The only thing Theresa May has been honest about in relation to Brexit is, she is a “bloody difficult woman” the mistake we all made was thinking that was aimed at the EU and not her own party and the electorate... #StandUp4Brexit
The most heinous crime committed by #Brexit is not the needless division or even the economic self-harming, it’s the weakening and distraction of our key security alliances when our enemies are on the move. We should be ashamed of how we have behaved. #Remain #Europe #Russia
Yet Jeremy Corbyn would negotiate it better, apparently!!!
How come “No Brexit” suddenly appeared on the agenda? How could that happen?
I'm so excited for Brexit now
Without the meaningful vote effectively won by this terrible deal would have received a rubber stamp and passed. Now we have the genuine prospect of a true #Brexit on WTO terms. Slash taxes, incentivise business, off we go. The EU’s worse nightmare 1/2
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal European leaders have given British Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal the green light during a historic meeting in Brussels...
Is that not part of the EU? How come so many articles talk about Brexit being a vote on whether Britain wants to leave or stay in the EU? Now I’m really confused.
The revolution starts at closing time.which is never.
So ge t your letter in and ditch this PM for someone who believes in Brexit
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
“Dear Theresa, You’ve done it. You’ve completed the Trump University module ‘How to ruin everyone’s lives and sell it back to them as a good thing”
That's for the fairies, along with JC as PM ... #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #LBC
Establishment Giving The Fed An Out, Trapped By Trumps Trade Policies - Episode 1724a: X22 Report 11/25/18 EU and UK have approved the Brexit...
Making Britain Great Again! #brexit
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Indeed the EU will get cold feet when we're no longer there to foot the bill for the white elephant!!!
"This an ex-deal. The only reason it is sitting on its perch is because it has been nailed there." May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
has picked up this guy before who said one thing pre ref and then tried to change history post ref
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
Not really. People rejected splitting an alliance which they saw as stronger than a single nation. A bit like Brexit in reverse
It's ok to describe this for what it is. It's not a "controversial notion", it's an outright lie
‘Which part of Theresa May’s political career ever showed heart and soul?’
Elites? You're deluded if U believe it's the Political Elite who want Brexit! The rich &amp; powerful have benefited from EU membership, the HoC is mostly Remainers &amp; they've tried 2 frustrate the will of the people. Ordinary ppl have suffered from EU membership &amp; most voted LEAVE!
Mays deal is Hotel California
This isn't BREXIT, this is shafting the country.
#EU seals #Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May |
You’re suggesting that this process could be used for all of the UK’s imports. Clive Broadley, of the Freight Transport Association advised the House of Lords sub-committee on solutions to the post-Brexit customs problems and he said that it could not.
I’ve become hopelessly addicted to the BBC’s #Brexitcast podcast. Kudos to and - you almost make me hope that Brexit chaos never ends. Almost.
#EU seals #Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May |
Oh FFS. We'll be worse off with any permutation of leaving the EU.
It really is time politicians became transparent and tell the truth however unpalatable. #Renewparty #RebootBritain
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
Twitter : The biased MSM FAILED to report Jeremy Corbyn's speech on Brexit today. Journalist : He didn't make a speech. He sent one tweet. Twitter : THERE'S ALL THE PROOF YOU NEED!
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
YEEES! Gimme that nice soft BREXIT! Soft like a puppy #SEXIT
Your first sentence is inaccurate, Prime Minister: #Britain did note vote to leave the European Union. The #referendum was advisory, not mandatory. Britain is now suffering because of a lack of clear leadership; it is time to cancel #Brexit and rebuild Britain within the #EU.
How will that change leaving EU, apart from losing our only democratc voting? Playing Brexit as a party issue will be huge mistake. I remember Tory party saying what a vote winner Poll Tax would be, I also remember the electoral disaster. Ignoring over half UK will be far worse
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? | Politics | The Guardian
Brexit: Theresa May secures agreement with European leaders, but hard work starts at home via
The UK has always been a world leader in many areas of international affairs, which is why I aspire to be here. So why has it lost its way in dealing with Brexit? A bridge too far, no balls , or a mistake never to be admitted?? I despair!
How interested are you in visiting the UK since Brexit news? #Brexit #poll #vote #EU #Politics #news #WorldNews
If Labour truly cared, they would have voted accordingly in the Commons. Truth is that to the majority of Labour members, Corbyn is more important than thwarting Brexit. Otherwise they would have ousted him.
Beside the Brexit Pain this is really a shame on UK
If that’s your best deal Jean, we’ll just leave it, thanks. Good luck to you - oh, and your and our grandchildren? You’re free to have your opinions because of our grandfathers by the way #Brexit
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
More and more I can see Brexit being declared null and void.
It’s not as though the referendum was passed through the house and Labour voted it down. It’s a bit flat this whole Cameron thing. Particularly from remoaners supporting a party which believes in Brexit ?
In the context of Brexit and the potential short term economic damage, vs long term economic opportunity (think Automation, AI, Digital Transformation) What's more important? Money or ideology?
‘It was never meant to happen, Brexit was just a game for politicians’ says Irish journalist #brexit
Fucking mad cow. I thought #BSE was on the way out not endemic like this fucking object and her loony followers. Fuck off to the #EUSSR you mad traitor twats.
The point of Brexit was independence.
If this drunken fool thinks it's a good deal for the UK then you KNOW it's not. The EU have given nothing in these negotiations and the UK has given up every possible advantage brexit could have brought. #BrexitBetrayal #MayBetrayedMyVote #NoDealIsBetter…
I've said it from the beginning, staunchly . . . . a few weeks ago a wavered for a month or two. . . now it is crystal clear. . . we will stay in the EU and junk #brexshit #NotInMyName . . . #FBPE #Brexit #exitbrexit #FBR #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
It doesn’t deliver Brexit at all and removes ALL of the benefits of Brexit. It is betraying the people you serve. The people want what they voted for, which now means WTO Brexit first, then EU FTA. Please don’t betray us.
Parliament will not let this happen the #Brexit outcomes are now May's deal or stay in. Samual Tombs has been right every step of the way #PeoplesVote
No-deal Brexit could lead to clean drinking water shortage
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
A sober look at a no-deal Brexit from
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
True. But to that I’d have to have a job to resign from - I don’t seem to be doing much right now. I did make a little Brexit video though , reading carefully from Theresa’s script. So that was fun.
CRACKPOT REMOANER ALERT! Wiping bums, AKA nursing, is beneath her brats!
May gave three clear scenarios, No deal, her deal or no Brexit. She has no mandate for “no deal”, if she can’t get her deal through Parliament, then it’s obviously “no Brexit” any law can be repealed on vote, that’s why we’re a SOVEREIGN PARLIAMENT.
You can still retire abroad. Brexit isn't stopping you.
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
indeed. I like The Spectator but I have to admit, it hasn’t had a good Brexit.
Japan and Switzerland apparently the inspirational figure for motivation to the UK through the Brexit. That's a change which haven't been conveyed within the referendum. A change that is beyond the borders of the funding of institutions.
Summary of May's #BrexitDeal: If Tories change leadership and go for no deal brexit, #Corbyn should claim middle ground with #NorwayOption
Ah! Those were the days! And now, Brexit will at last return us to those wonderful days of slum housing, want and poverty. Glorious!
We have MI6 assisting in the coup on President Trump, you have ignored the BREXIT vote and the royal family seem very friendly with paedo's. The elites are showing utter contempt for UK citizens and democracy and the rule of law.
Of course no coincidence - Europe is weakened and distracted by Brexit. Straight out of the #alternativewar handbook
That the 'centrists' go for Corbyn over Brexit rather than May/the Tories shows where their instinctive sympathies lie.
Emmanual #Macron picks fight with Scots fishermen over post-Brexit deal
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal, reject renegotiation with UK
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
Retweet if Jamie has a mangina #brexit #meatball #rustpro
Juncker #Brexit: This is the deal - the only possible deal.
Typical of the B B C...fake news...just like J Corbyn....spin the story to suit your own agenda...anti Brexit and power crazy left wing idiots that are hell bent in wrecking the U K...Could the deal have been better...not a NEGOTIATED one. No!! Should we have just walked away?
#Brexit Politics. #A Rampant Cockerel Shield Perhaps?
Funny she never mentioned that. Load of blather and froth from the pm.
#brexit #piersmorgan #eu mark my words. There will be a war in the next few years. All the signs are there. EU trying to be an empire. Russia being ignored. The USA becoming isolated.
Poppycock. It will keep us trapped in customs union with no means of escape. It's not Brexit.
MSM is no longer a trusted source of news. Invariably Brexit news is very selective and blatantly biased with important news omissions commonplace.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (4) Take this headline, for instance. Apparently the French Premier is able to decide what will won't be the terms of Britain's fisheries and trading.
Only someone delusional would be optimistic about the future. The rest of us, the majority in this case, are anything but because we have thought this through and rejected Brexit for the good of this country.
The Rubber Bandits absolutely nailing #Brexit
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Brexit is just a sideshow. A bigger danger for the European Union looms from the east
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
The Brexit deal should be perfect by now considering the Prime Minister has had two and a half years to work on it. It’s not as if she’s been doing much else for the UK in all that time.
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Good news. If High Court rules referendum vote ‘void’ there will be no need for a #PeoplesVote
Labour not backing Remain in any way. All their approach is based on not losing support ...and not any attempt to pretend Leave is good for the UK. Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
1/ are you really happy supporting a #Brexit won by a referendum which excluded those most affected, 16-17 years, EU27 nationals in the UK, and Brits abroad for 15+ years, even though Commonwealth nationals had a vote. Was that fair, was that just? #PeoplesVote
Horrifying. She will unleash a dark force in this country now. Shameful and criminal. #standupforbrexit #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit
I've just posted a new blog: Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Phenomenal response to ’s letter by
Guaranteed to put her to sleep at least...
You've negotiated the best possible deal. Now we can see the reality of it, put it to the people - your deal (the best deal possible) or no brexit. It doesn't get more straightforward than that.
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
Spare a thought to how her compatriots feel about Mrs. May and bear in mind the EU has right royally screwed the UK with its lock on exiting intact the so-called Implementation Period.
#Brexit: France would use fishing demands as 'leverage' in trade talks
This letter is an insult (1) to our intelligence, (2) to all those whose views and circumstances you have studiously ignored since taking office and (3) to the experts in so many fields whose analysis has been rubbished by you and the trumpeters of all versions of Brexit.
#YesForUnity activist Rory McGrinder out canvassing for a #UnitedIreland last week. Rory gives a short insight into the fears people have professed with regards to Irish Unity. #UnityRef #Think32 #Brexit #BorderPoll
Promo for Ladybird book on #Brexit
I think that's what he thinks is "getting us out". I think he thinks May's deal is BREXIT. I think he thinks we should just get on and accept it as pretending to be "out" looks better than overtly staying in.
Fight For A Better Brexit!
New Brexit secretary was a trainee solicitor at Gowling legacy firm Lawrence Graham
It had nothing to do with Brexit either
“Global Britain” is now a third country &amp; excluded. EU rules out UK role in foreign, defence decisions
This cannot pass - it’s stupidity. I’m all for a de facto no deal ( start preparing for a proper negotiation -day after brexit )
Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018…
Another wonderful take on #Brexit by Patrick Cockburn in likening Brexit plans to Edward Lear's 'Jumblies' who went to sea in a sieve Cuts through the bluster to argue that Brexit is a self-inflicted military defeat for UK.
Fact. #PeoplesVote
GERARD THOMPSON DAILY PAPER is out! Stories via #australia #brexit
They both seem to be going from strength to strength, maybe we should give Brexit a try then, thank you for ratifying my decision through football.
She doesn't speak for me. She has no mandate for Brexit. Illegal campaigns do not yield legitimate results.
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
Not its mind. Its capacity to govern itself.
This is why centrist are dead in the water
*hi five*
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
Your first sentence is inaccurate, Prime Minister: #Britain did not vote to leave the European Union. The #referendum was advisory, not mandatory. Britain is now suffering because of a lack of clear leadership; it is time to cancel #Brexit and rebuild Britain within the #EU.
Excellent letter attached
The EU does not want a deal. This anti-democratic empire wants to crush Brexit ' | via
Were a similar deal to be negotiated by a Labour Government, would you vote for it? Or are you planning to vote against the deal on general anti-Brexit grounds/hope of securing a second vote?
We are a democracy. The people voted to leave .
If you’re a Taxi driver in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Richard Curran: 'Don't expect May to resign if Westminster sinks her #Brexit deal'
Theresa May did a brilliant job of uniting the nation with her ‘Brexit means Brexit’ claim. #Torybrexit
Good riddance
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
The latest Europa Courier! Thanks to #brexit #orangetheworld
Hot dog, the older couple did not smile even once during the Brexit jokes. It was tremendous.
Total poppycock! The deal is weaker than what we currently have. #remain in EU would be better.
It’s clear that Brexit will be damaging to the economy (especially in NI) with many jobs lost and livelihoods ruined. It doesn’t have to happen. It can be stopped. Petition: STOP BREXIT
Brexit!
Carwyn Jones: Wales will be 'less prosperous' under Theresa May's draft Brexit deal. So why did you repeal the Continuity Act? Why did not not stand up? Why did you not speak out? Why have you only moaned for the last 20 months? A true leader leads. You've just been following.
Oh stop chatting utter shite ..
All this Remoaner scaremongering about a no deal #Brexit . The default position following the Referendum was actually no deal. Anything else should have been at the request of the EU and on our terms.
Tell your MP not to vote for May's deal then, if she can't get it though the Tory wil sack her, a remain PM will be elected and Brexit could be stopped. Labour voters have no chance of a GE, bless them. Tory will stop at nothing for power, even if it means disabling Brexit.
And May is negotiating a brexit deal where at her own admission she voted remain. She does not have your interests at heart... Brining up war crimes is completely irrelevant.
Rubbish. They are shitting themselves.
Disastrous deal! Parliament had better step up and shoot this sovereignty killer of a deal down!
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
Stop Brexit to save the economy, the NHS and our sanity. Change focus to urgent responses to climate change and local needs - like housing.
Given nobody voted for the same Brexit, it’s Brexit.
Government of National Unity
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
Clair Perry , Katy Perry has more idea about politics than you, this is not the brexit people voted for
Just as the EU is mid-Brexit.
Haha what a stupid statement. So companies are investing in britain while the brexit mess goes on. You obviously don’t know anyone who runs a big business.
Democracy and the Conservative party have been destroyed.
Russia threatens to expose #nasalies the very same day they attack #ukraine #flatearth maybe got too outta hand? Not to mention same time #brexit deal “finalized”.
What the country needs is a proper Brexit, which is not delivered by May's deal. It must be voted down, or it's goodbye to the Tories.
Worth pointing out that timing of the military conflict escalation in #Azov coincides with the EU approval of the Brexit deal fitting the narrative
When such a ''pure'' idealist as ''prime minister Corbyn'' displays the very political opportunism and self serving indecision that he's shown in the brexit fiasco i'd say he has no credibility whatsoever as a potential leader of the country.
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit. This gives me hope that we too will succeed.
Who is the real Nigel Farage... A really good piece by
She is a danger for Brexit
Odd choice. This one is about number 23 on the list of quotable Queen Brexit songs.
More lies
The way it actually is!
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and Brexit
The EU coup stronghold around the UK.... #BREXIT #Liberty
Bring it on
Is this actually a real person?
What is the Brexit deal and what happens next?
Preparations for the 3rd World War are right on target I see... #Ukrain #Russia #Brexit #Trump #cambridgeanalitica
G20 summit, Brexit, race to succeed Merkel, US economy
The Trump win and Brexit are two of the biggest political upsets in recent history. Meddling facilitated by Facebook helped both occur and I hope someone is held accountable for this fact.
I know Brexit still has a long way to go. But it's advanced enough to cause serious distraction and dissent. What Putin is doing with Ukraine today hardly counts as 'playing'. People are reported killed and it's a highly dangerous provocation.
WRITTEN BY ANOTHER BIAS REMAINER DOESNT MENTION INEQUALITY AS A SOURCE OF BREXIT. Just we will be savaged. Unlike thatcherism, surviving austerity was a meritocracy. TIC TOC Poverty causing 'misery' in UK, and ministers are in denial, says UN official
Brexit: Battle for Britain?
Agreed. I don't agree with Brexit but regardless, she was given an impossible task and doesn't deserve abuse for it. Those who spun the lies in the first place and then bailed, on the otherhand... #BrexitDeal
EU leaders agree on Brexit deal at summit; Parliament to vote next
What have #Strictly and #Brexit got in common? Both prove that the public shouldn’t be allowed to vote.
EU Leaders Agree UK’s Brexit Deal At Brussels Summit
Be careful what you wish for
So what you’re saying is, taking a position of respecting the referendum result is harming Labour, but yet when they are leading in the polls then those polls aren’t just about Brexit? Got it...
Finally after nearly 3 years - some good #Brexit news
Well brexit and all that so... Would a bag of skips and a can of happy shopper energy drink be any good?
The 52% get Brexit, despite many now not wanting it as the deal bears little resemblance to what they were promised. The 48% get their predictions that were dismissed as project fear made reality. 100% get a deal worse than the current one, and a UK diminished in every way.
Great article by Matthew Parris. Remainers we must dig in now and continue to do battle to win over people to #peoplesvote and to staying in the #EU.
just got so much harder. For WA 20 out of 27 had to agree. For the trade deal, we have to get 27 votes in favour. Any one can veto the deal if we don't make concessions &amp; we will have to. You know that, but you can't say that or Brexit will be seen for what it is - a failure.
She is beautiful and would have done a great job negotiating Brexit.
#Nigeria #Naija #9ja #eu EU leaders approve &amp;#8216;tragic&amp;#8217; Brexit deal
Brexiter: This isn't out fault! This isn't the brexit we wanted! Me: Brexit means brexit!
I didn't mean to shout, sorry. I do understand your point, of course, but I fear that we risk underplaying the gravity of Brexit by perpetuating this overused "joke". Let's find a better way, now that it's become truly deadly serious.
Brexit LIVE: Angela Merkel's allies issue GRAVE warning to UK 'A HISTORIC MISTAKE' -
If anyone knows &amp; can explain, in simple terms, what's the deal on drivers licences post #Brexit?
Hear hear!
Has anyone sacrificed more than people of NI in defending our precious Union. Men like Nigel Dodds who was almost murdered by IRA visiting his seriously ill child in hospital. Yet May has audacity to try and buy us off to further appease Brussels masters. What an insult! #Brexit
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
Moldova has threatened to block the UK access to WTO
Spain's prime minister says UK's #Brexit deal opens door on Gibraltar
Anyone that votes Tories or DUP in the next election needs to get there head lucked at
EU warns MPs they won't get a better Brexit deal if they vote against it, because there's no "plan B"
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
Correct, desperate #Remainers etc! This rush 2 judgement to SMEAR any non #PC right-wing activist as "hate-monger racists" always just on heresay &amp; to immediately brand them as "racist" without due diligence, is proof that these journos r only following Orders from u know who...!
won't answer your questions because he is a clueless idiot and a total fuckwits!
My letter to the Nation .... Starring #Brexit #GoingWell
I’ve said before average Brexit voter voted on immigration and EU money which the proposed deal delivers on, they didn’t vote on race to the bottom trade deals with USA, China etc.
I can't believe what I'm reading, I can name pro Corbyn journalists on one hand, amongst them "Rachel Shabi-Kelly Mendoza, and Paul Mason" Against hundreds of anti Corbyn hacks! People can read your tweets and mine. Let's see what the concensus is!
You won't learn, will you. There are 270 other Conservative MPs who have not stood up for Brexit, willing to take over.
She seems to have forgotten the scorn &amp; derision she received over her "brexit dividend" lie. She's trying it on again.
“Fisherman think” is up there with the best of brexit bullshit nonsense. The catchers of fish are thinking of no one but themselves, the processors of fish will have a completely different set of priorities. Mr Gove of all Ministers should know this
On The World This Weekend this afternoon , who used to be Brussels correspondent, introduced EP President Tajani as Dutch PM Rutte, Greek Minister Katrougalos as MEP Brok and Brok as Katrougalos. He has clearly already checked out of the EU. #Brexit #BBCNews
Please please please MPs please listen to this. This is worse than anyone thought. We will be screwed with trade deals with other countries whilst EU gets benefit but uses us a a joke. This is surely the worst possible thing ever. do not vote for this.
I intend to and ask what has changed since she said this “I do think it’s important there’s a meaningful vote on the outcome of the negotiations,"
But you must accept his position on Brexit somewhat opaque and self serving.
It's beginning to look a lot like a Brexit conspiracy
I’d like a GE and for Brexit to collapse under its own contradictions!
Come on Mr. Corbyn , why do you think we voted for you the 1st time? Yes I liked alot of your policies, but brexit effects everything! Any brexit =no vote labour.
But.....Brexit....
Leaving the EU, Single Market, Customs Union and all affiliated courts. It was made abundantly clear during the referendum by both Remain and Leave. Why is it that all this time later people on the losing side of the vote continue to pretend it wasn't made clear before the vote!
Huge betrayal from Cameron, if there was a small chance of a Remainer delivering Brexit, that would have been him...because he lost the Referendum campaigning that it would be implemented....now it appears that insidiously the two faced Cameron, knew exactly what he was going on!
I thought Corbyn was in favour of giving Labour Party members greater participatory rights on policy. This would prove he was serious about that
Your account handle makes no sense. As if Raab wouldn’t want Brexit AND Scottish Independence. Are you from Islington?
The support for Anthony, and Brexit is what is wrong with the UK! - They're all working class heroes
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard #reddit
When was Theresa May’s Brexit deal agreed, what does it say and what is the verdict?
Show this thread to anyone who tells you that the Labour party has always been an anti-racist party
REALLY? Did Nicoliar and Russell not have a seat round the table in Westminster for Brexit negotiating? Do we not have 59 MP's who should have been putting Scotland's case in Westminster rather than 21 of them behaving like toddlers.
YES, YES, YES.
#Brexit: France would use fishing demands as 'leverage' in trade talks
Brexit was always going to cripple and disempower the UK - the idea that being isolationist would somehow be better is fantasy politics and delusional economics.
May revives Brexit Dividend 'LIE' in bid to sell deal to public and MPs: via NO WAY GET A #GeneralElectionNow and get rid of the Tories #GTTO
Stopping Brexit has to be the priority, then the tories. If you think austerity has been damaging so far it'll be nothing compared to the austerity Brexit will cause. A labour govt post Brexit will just be damage limitation.
Not least, our self-respect
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
Foster might be most like Redmond the last southern leader to believe in freely negotiating a settlement with a UK government. The DUP might see Brexit make all the other NI political parties join to create an independent Northern Ireland equidistant from London and Dublin
You really should be worrying about Brexit...You have problems ahead.
Bless she is under pressure, No EU allies to support her
New Brexit anthem on the #Xfactor "I want you to ruin my life"...
Many bankers back leave but Claire, my MP, is ex-McKinsey, a very elitist, corporatist, world-govt-inclined global consultancy that wd collectively view brexit as abomination
Here’s hoping.
Thread!
And as mentioned, the people who most want Brexit are old people and lower educated people. Both groups are NOT going to implement Brexit themselves. So support among the young and higher educated is vital, yet exactly that is lacking.
Brexit: EU president Jean-Claude Juncker says he would vote in favour of Theresa May's deal long as we get rid of you lot .#
#Shetland could also have their own #indyref now,if the Scottish #indyref2 doesn't go their way and just keep the oil for themselves. Boarders might do the same now. What would #Scotland look like after that? #SNP have deliberately or incompetently created a nightmare. #Brexit
So that is your justification for brexit and stripping FoM?! A few mates worked in Dublin?!
Der Spiegel surveys the post-deal wasteland. "Now what?
66 MILLION REASONS NOT TO BACK THE BREXIT DEAL #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
You’ve got to be joking. Worst possible deal in the history of deal making. May should have listened to the 2 Brexit ministers who had to resign.
But Theresa May says "the British people just want us to get it over and done with... #Brexit
(The Irish Times):#WTO says its rules would not force #EU or UK to erect hard Irish border : Expert says it is up to London and Brussels to protect their own markets in no deal Brexit scenario ..
There was never a point in time where Brexit MPs represented more than 52% of the people (and reality, probably a lot less than that).
There you go, #NHS folks, vote and share. Is this to bribe Labour MPs to support her #Brexit deal or what? Do you believe 's '£394m a week investment in NHS' will really be spent on and structurally improve the NHS?
She doesn't have a heart and Old Nick already owns her soul. So good luck with that one...
Except we haven’t got a trade deal yet, only the promise of talks. This is where Spain and Ireland show how much control we have lost..
Oh, wait.. There's an Opposition?? I never realised that. #PeoplesVote
wait if brexit happens i’m fine?? suddenly i love theresa may, my queen and saviour
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
Nadeem that sounds so cringing! Phillips must be booted out. She is a card carrying Thatcherite. If she votes for May`s pro big business brexit--which I think she will- that MUST be the signal to get rid of her. NO excuses.
Liar. And you're selling a pig in a poke of a #Brexit deal. I hope you can sleep at night. Brexit will be quashed.
The shambles over Universal Credit has caused people to lose their health, their homes, and in some cases, their lives. This is a feature, not a bug. Anything that creates more unemployment and Universal Credit applicants (eg a No Deal Brexit) will be devastating for communities.
Politics - Sunday Shows Round-up: Brexit deal under fire: Jeremy Hunt... #UK
Britain's own Hillary got taken to the cleaners like obummer with Iran
Not the Brexit people voted for, #Sacktheresamay
Gosh! I remember in 2014 a very wealthy author of fantasy fiction write about how Scotland would be wooed off her feet by giving the Union another go and we’d never have it so good. Yet, somehow we’re still the battered spouse, to continue that analogy.
To criticise her for not uniting the country over Brexit is absurd, unfair and plain pathetic. Nobody would be able to do that
Whoa there on Brexit Tessie! Mosy everyone in the U.K. is against it Expect both Scotland &amp; Northern Ireland to champion &amp; finally win Independence Expect more Countries you have occupied for centuries to fight for &amp; win their independence You Tessie &amp; England will finally
Stitch up , Full enquiry needed into the handling of Brexit.
Absolutely. The condescension is dripping from those arguing that people were duped. People whose lives are blighted and have nothing worthwhile to look forward to.
I think the alternative brexit plan is in case he can't stop it for legal or political reasons, TM has been changing a lot of policies including rewriting the Art50 so nobody knows exactly what changes she has made,
Between Brexit and Trump, Putin has engineered the perfect opportunity to execute a full scale invasion of Ukraine. The nations who can challenge him are in their weakest position since, well maybe, WWII.
When Scottish Tory MP Ross Thomson provides a more accurate analysis of Theresa May's Brexit agreement than the Scottish main stream media, then it suggests there's a problem with that media. How did we get to this?
can you explain how a GE solves this brexit problem, given there's only 4 months left? #PeoplesVote
You know what? Let's have another referendum. Leave vs No deal Brexit. We'll f*****g show you what we think of remain &amp; project f*****g snowflake fear. Popularism will spank the establishment arse. AGAIN
Thread by : ""In 8/16 just a few wks after the Brexit vote, Bannon (then Trump’s campaign chief), invited Banks to a...fundraiser inost a yr earlier, it was Bannon who brought Cambridge Analytica &amp; […]" #Brexit #BadBoysofBrexit #TrumpRussia #Vote
More of #TheBigBrexitLie. Another shameless claim about #Brexit leading to a pot of gold under the rainbow. We need #accountability in politics - MPs who flout this need to be ejected from parliament (+ banned from holding public office). #NHS
Watching Dynasties is as stressful as closely following the Brexit process.
No one contributed anything sensible re:Brexit, UK voters least of all.
Brexit feeds Bigots &amp; Xenophobes.
I only just turned 18 in october and do politics a-level. I know more about politics then most adults I know that voted in the Brexit referendum. Even my politics teacher admits that many adults are as uneducated even less than people my age.
Be scared, end of the world is nigh, be terrified, lock your doors, hide under the bed, the Brexit is going to get you.... BOO!
Incredibly insightful, infuriating, and worrisome, this great piece about Nigel Farage by
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT!
This just made me want the hardest Brexit humanly possible
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Cowards. #incandescent #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
We are all expecting Theresa May to be giving three weeks worth of press &amp; media interviews as punishment to the British people for seeing through her shitty Brexit deal. Can she however take just a few minutes to actually give details of our £39 billion "commitments". #bbcnews
Irrespective of appalling legally binding #EU #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement what about defence ? has committed #UK to participate in #EU military initiatives aka EU Army AND we will have no say in military strategy Any comment on this
How stupid are British voters? Well they voted for brexit on the back of a campaign that promised that which was obvious could not be delivered Some ate European immigration but are naive enough to think that it won't be replaced by immigration from other places? #tolazytowork
‘This is worse than staying in!’ admits Nigel Farage #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit #BackTheBrexitDeal #StopBrexit #bbcparliament
Labour’s strategy throughout has been to sit out the period in which both parties are able to lie about what is possible, and capitalise on the end state where they can still lie but May no longer can. Backing remain sinks that plan. So: Brexit good, government bad
When you think Brexit will be compared to RTs.
The UK will be next they are just waiting untill we are well out of the EU. Then they will really test our resolve. Brexit what f... stupid idea.
All good then hooray for brexit
My patience has run very thin with . He is as complicit in this terrible situation as the . It will take me a lifetime to forgive for his inaction.
59% voted that Theresa May's Brexit deal will be ratified by Parliament. 41% voted that it will not be passed by the British Parliament.
Utter rubbish. Wrexiteers are clearly still unable to take responsibility for their actions. Leave supporters are in a win/win situation - if Brexit is a success (unlikely), you can smugly say you told us so. And if it turns out to be an epic fail, you’ll just blame Remainers.
May's position surely untenable this time.....
You did the right thing for you and your kids. My time is coming. Not just yet, I can't leave my mum at the moment, but 2020/21 was my goal. Who knows now? Even after Brexit, I hope there'll be a way of I have the will...
This will probably be an unpopular tweet, but the only democratic way of holding a 2nd EU referendum imo, is by holding a referendum on whether we should have a 2nd EU referendum. How diabolical does that sound? #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal #Referendum #TheresaMay
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), the Northern Irish party which props up British Prime Minister Theresa May’s government, said yesterday it would “review” its support if her Brexit plan is approved by Parliament.
has capitulated on virtually every aspect of the negotiations and gone back on every promise she has made. She simply can't be trusted #Brexit
You have failed Brexit
No Brexit fan in EK wanting a scrap so widening my horizons, wherever you may be from in the United Kingdom give me 3 days and I'll come and batter some sense into you. Let's settle this like men.
C’mon... this must convince everyone that a no deal #Brexit is best... #GoHammondGo
Don’t know about you, but I for one am absolutely freakin Brexhausted! #Brexit #Gibraltar #Monkeythought #SundayThought
So you’d be happy with a Norway type deal (like Farage originally sold)? It’s Brexit.
I disagree. Free movement is ended. For ever. To our loss. Wait until they complain there are no nurses, no hotels and catering staff etc etc. But there'll be no remedy. We're out of it.
The Brexit Season
Brexit works for us and the US as key NATO allies
Thank God for you, Arlene! It’s a shame you are not negotiating Brexit. May has demonstrated a lesson in abject capitulation.
And please remember many millions of Brits don’t want to leave, are proud of being EU citizens, and are being dragged needlessly and resentfully out of their home. #Brexit
not doing the Brexit song either - the paradox and daft irony is melting into a sad reality ... unless parliament scupper the ship astrologically, divorce is in the air for the UK now that Uranus has returned...
Bournemouth Brexit Battalion?!!!! Are you serious? What are you going to do when Brexit is defeated &amp; the UK remains in the EU? What can a 'battalion' of old gammon able to do?
For reference :
Co balls another who can’t be a team player knocking from the sidelines Murdoch’s players please with fodder
Well that's what you say.....
66% of us want a #PeoplesVote and 56% want to Remain because we know we were conned by Spivs &amp; #Brexit is a disaster. Perhaps you should consider your second paragraph in this light ?
The people know it we're not fools. Conservatives stand up and be counted for your country and your people or face decimation for generations.
Another extraordinary thread. Don’t know how I keep being surprised...
Surely there isn't a coordinated campaign, is there?
Still pursuing the fantasy of a General Election where they hope to win on a ticket of Brexit? LOL. When membership want 2nd referendum. This is not a game. Time to get real.
#Indyref2 HOLD , HOLD ...The time is close but not yet , we need to wait for the WM vote on Brexit . Then when the Tories are beaten , Labour are shown as useless , the only way will be #SNP and independence.
Ukraine/Russia The shitshow self harming fantasy of Brexit and at head of the cheats, liars, frauds, fools and racists And then Donald J Trump liar, charlatan, cheat, fraud, coward, sexist, racist, nepotist, misogynist Happy approaching Christmas everyone
‘Almost Nothing Is True’: Scotland’s Sturgeon on UK PM May’s #BrexitDeal: via
I'm not going to be one sided, But it is what is, no more no less. Brexit is what it is
"Just been watching Doctor Who. What a load of old rubbish. It's all gone Politically Correct now. Need to get rid of this lot and bring some dogs in. Bring back K9 as the new Doctor. They'll be doing a Brexit story next."
Second brexit referendum? When did the first referendum? Do you know what a referendum even is?
It's the only game he knows how to play
We need to steady on lads....deep breaths.
hello, it would be great if you could help raise awareness of this fantastic case which could stop Brexit if successful because of the fraud and corruption which tainted the referendum
Why? When the Commons, as they must, vote this down. The default position is we leave on WTO in March
Never thought I’d root for Theresa May instead of Jeremy Corbyn.
To the extent that any ~700 word piece could say all there is to say about the current Brexit situation, this by is a pretty good shot.
#EU Commission chief urges UK parliament to approve #Brexit deal, saying "This is the only deal possible."
Not good. QC says No 10's argument for arbitration is "entirely implausible to any competent lawyer"
#Gibraltar is just the start of giving up #power and and having #nocontrol. ‘Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over #Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power’
You're so right Tory rebels don't/will not rebel they'll back her as May's enforcers turning screw with threats, bribes &amp; blackmail, May's deal isn't Brexit it's imprisonment in big business heaven &amp; terror for everyone else
We may think the UK is struggling with Brexit on the way but read here about Italy's Brain Drain where large numbers of youngsters are leaving for pastures new... #italyunemployment italian #youngitalians #italyeconomy
No...the first socialist government in my life time can tell me to have a people's vote... Remain's Tory project &amp; majority killed by brexit. Everyone happy Remain just need to learn to queue x That's all
Is anyone daring to hope that Brexit won’t happen? Is there a basis for that or am I just wishing in the wind?
#TheresaMay #Brexit I thought the referendum was Remain or Leave, Not Remain, Leave or Negotiate a rubbish deal, LEAVE NO DEAL, WTO Rules
For an ‘Official Leader of the Opposition’ he’s actually supporting Brexit by default.. Embarrassing to behold. Things he could say: 1. Vote was made illegal by cheating; 2. Most would vote against leaving now in UK; 3. Common sense says ‘Stay’; 4. Bring down this minority Govt.
Jump Brexit
EU endorses Brexit divorce deal but hard work lies ahead
Great plan!
I'm in
If SC somehow declares Ref 'void' there will be riots. SC and MP's will be attacked. UK will enter catastrophe stage because Brexiteers will NOT accept such obviously politically motivated BS to stop Brexit.
Delingpole: Britain’s Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
You are a racist #Liar We will never accept your damn Brexit deal, we will not be reconciled until this country is back safe inside the EU You are wrecking the UK for zero benefit Hope you have a good place to hide
What makes you think that #FBPE is anti Corbyn and not anti austerity. Many are disappointed with his Brexit strategy.
Would prefer pressure put on Govt to #RevokeA50 &amp; get this nightmare farce over with asap #VoteTheDealDown #Brexit
So sad that so many still wish to make the country and its citizens poorer and weaker by chasing dreams. Usually 8-10 years to complete one trade deal post Brexit. People can change their minds. Brexit, hard or soft, is becoming an economic horror show.
Screw the NWO's EU. After Brexit, get individual deals, starting with the UK. Don't cement the EU as a permanent bureaucratic trans-national institution! Bypass it. Break it up. The world doesn't want it, and their leader is a drunk.
I tell you now, leaving the EU is a massive mistake. No deal will be better than the one we have at the moment. Nobody have produced an economic model that will show Brexit is going to make UK better off as we were promised. Brexit is one big lie.
It's certainly looking like Bad Deal or Hard Brexit. News from Westminster makes me think, where heading to WTO.
It's a mess. Brexit a toxic brew stewing since 2011. Strategically "destroying" the Labour Party a planned bonus. So far in spite of a complicit highly coordinated, negative media assault, I believe have played the right cards. We'll see
After 39bn blackmail &amp; 2 years we get a deal? (An agreement to continue talking) a Gibraltar &amp; NI sell out, &amp; with a backstop that Macron has just threatened to veto. We are not leaving anything. We are stuck until 20XX (99)
They truly have better things to be worrying about other than this shit show called Brexit. Good for them. You do know Russia tried to hit a Ukrainian ship right? Other more import stuff going on than this shit show Brexit.
INFH UXEYX 251118214526
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms - - BRUSSELS — More than four decades after Britain tied itself to its Continental neighbors, Prime Minister Theresa May obtained the approval of the other 27 European Union members on a formal divor...
Why does a dog lick its dick? Because it can. Russia is doing this now because the world was watching Brussels and Brexit.
You interview a corrupt party leader who speaks for the minority in NI on Brexit. Why? She is single handedly holding the UK to ransom due to her ideologies.
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now? - - LONDON — Now for the harder part. On Sunday, the 27 other members of the European Union gave the green light to Prime Minister Theresa May’s deal to seal Britain’s divorce from the blo...
»"Second vote" and "this deal is all we can get" defeatism beggars belief...
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
I am not worried about the French fishing rights just now Alastair.......because I know the vote in the House of Commons in December on Theresa May’s EU deal, will be overwhelmingly knocked-back...Remember this is her Deal to the Nation....Not what “Brexit Voters..Voted”......!
Did you not see this coming? You must have had your eyes shut tight. The trade deal we will need to negotiate with EU just got impossible. You think there'll not be more and more concessions asked for? Brexit just made this nation 100% weaker. Well done. This what you voted for?
Come and listen to Prof Dougan talk on the legal implications of the Brexit deal. 7:00pm Wednesday 5th Dec. Conference Centre, Medical Institute, Hartshill, Stoke on Trent. Details and book tickets here
Patriots hahaha what a gobshite
Or no brexit at all :p xox
We’d be worse of under ANY Brexit deal, which the two old Marxists at the top of your party have facilitated. This is the upshot of the craven surrender on triggering article 50 and the Withdrawal Act.
Today is a depressing day for Remainers and a humiliating day for the UK. But there are more Remainers than ever, we will fight this , every day, until we stop Brexit and of we don’t stop it on 29th March, we won’t stop until we are back in the heart of the E.U. #peoplesvote
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Well I imagine this will get the leavers blood pumping
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
We gave a view without knowing what the options actually were. You don't expect a doctor to say do you remember that consent form you signed to find out what was wrong with you. Well now we do I've decided what bits of you I want to cut out and give to others. Sounds like Brexit.
Its good and hilarious that Brexit will now mean any random European government can bully the UK around for random shit it wants. This is what CONTROL looks like
I’ll never vote again if may’s version of Brexit gets passed in parliament, let alone vote conservative. It’ll prove that democracy means nothing in England any longer and that there’s no point in voting anymore.
THREAD: With the brexit deal being approved by the EU leaders, a lot of people might be slightly confused about what's going to happen next so here's a summary. (1/6)
First thing is that the agreement has to get through European Parliament and the British parliament, something that right now seems extremely unlikely. If it does however, then the deal will be in place and brexit will finally happen in March. (2/6)
Brexiteers offered a new, post EU settlement. It was a fantasy but it was clear, pursuasive and it won. Remain offered more of the same and lost. What is the new clear, pursuasive and truthful settlement that Remain will offer in a People's Vote. More of the same will lose.
Indeed. It's much less barbaric to slaughter them at home... What The FUCK....
Are there any Tory MPs not on the payroll supporting the brexit deal?
Brexit sometimes looks like a very complex way of running down Sterling’s value and creating a recession to bring down net migration figures.
I do not seek religion however Luke 23:34 is what springs to mind when, as a non British UK resident I’m witnessing the chaos that this country I’ve called home for 20yrs is now finding itself in...I weep and fear the future...#Brexit
It’s striking. Before and right after the referendum, the talk was #Frexit, #Nexit, #Czexit. It all stopped very quickly. In #France, Marine Le Pen wanted to leave the EU, then the #euro, now she wants to leave neither. No one wants to.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
This is just idiocy²
Actually not all remainers think that.... immigration was used to sway some voters though May herself is definitely quite anti immigration (conference speech as Home Sec a few years back showed that) so that appears to have been key on her agenda in her Brexit negotiations
Simple answer then, STOP BREXIT
Now Jamie , remember, Gary is the highest paid geezer at the BBC, and with that ,the Beeb reserve the right to use him as their #brexit advisor and rightly so .....he has played in Europe
If parliament would do its job, a crash-out can be avoided. Brexit has already empowered the far right. It’s astonishing that so many Labour people seem as indifferent to this as they are to the obvious horrors of this or any #Brexit. Wake up ffs.
I know what they mean, I really sympathize. That "Brexit" word really fucks me off
Has anything been written about the Sainsbury’s WW1 Christmas truce advert from 2014 helping to cause Brexit I wonder.
"And so to the one thing with which #TheresaMay might be able to buy off the SNP, the Lib Dems, Plaid Cymru, Caroline Lucas and Sylvia Hermon. A referendum between this wretched deal and Remain. #Brexit" #MOATS
Robert Owen didn't have to contend with a lying, conniving, asset stripping government in London willing to fuck over one of the countries that made up a supposedly equal union. When unions stop working for the people, time to walk away. #Brexit #FuckTheBrexitDeal #indyref2
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
This is a first, I'm retweeting and endorsing a Tory tweet! Methinks this lady is for turning...and crossing the floor.
Yes, like a headmistress with a cane, this will hurt but it's for your own good.
Like the 'controversial notion' of the immigrant cat. Pinocchio's nose grew every time he had a controversial notion.
Not "striking". Shameful. Embarrassing. Demeaning. An affront to our closest neighbours and allies, and to the half of the electorate who never bought into this bullshit.
EU leaders approve Theresa May’s Brexit deal but warn it cannot be renegotiated
No fucking deal Brexit
One view BBC News - Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means
what kind of brexit do you want? a closed border around the U except in Ireland where you want an open border to protect jobs in the north?
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
Well played, backlash assured
Henry, I know not which way you voted, but I seem to remember the leaders of the Remain campaign lining up to warn us that BREXIT meant the UK would be totally out of the EU, Single Market etc, etc, etc and that is EXACTLY what I voted for. This is not BREXIT, it's a sell out.
EU has done it’s work on Brexit (if today’s comments from various Presidents are to be believed) so no doubt they can now turn to this issue
No deal Brexit would be ‘extremely damaging’ to the economy
what can we learn? When it comes to matters of earthly goods, praying doesn't help, better stop #Brexit
Well she fu**ing should be! Her weak party's self-indulgent brexit mess has torn the country apart and left it in a worse state than ANY previous "government". And it hasn't even begun yet. Shame on you.
Don’t worry about Brexit. Russia have just fired the first shots of WWIII and Donald Trump is our best hope of a diplomatic solution
appears to have #SoldOut #Gibraltar to secure her #Brexit #Deal #Appalling #StopBrexitNow #PeoplesVoteNow #FBPE #revokeA50 #Remain there is no sense in Brexit
Labour will see their vote collapse if they support Brexit. Many will not vote for them if they continue to support UKIP policy. Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Brexit is a crime Peter. People should go to jail for the damage it’s inflicting . Why did Theresa quash an investigation into Leave funding? Is Vlad really running USA &amp; Uk now ?
Oh f—k off
Sunday Shows Round-up: Brexit deal under fire
Brexit is no longer about brexit, it’s about how the political elite sucker punch the electorate into abandoning their will. We must not let them get away with it.
My opinion (for what it's worth) is that May &amp; Co are deliberately fucking Brexit up, then they'll have an election, like Cameron they will do a runner and leave Labour to fix it. Most people will not understand...
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal via
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Today was a truly momentous day in the #Brexit process... they’ve finally published proper CONTENTS PAGES for the Withdrawal Agreement! H/t (thanks to all those who provided homemade ones in the interim)
so bleak:
Its called GREED.
Brexit Summary - Basically, our government will make all their own rules and take away the free movement of people... it’s essentially the pre-scripted backstory to every tale of oppression that history ever told #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitAndBeyond
Hurry up and get it while you can, we're gonna run out of air if brexit happens #scaremongers
They need to get this Scouse lad to sort out #brexit because if he can convince people to vote for his singing he can do anything #XFactor
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
I think many of us are not keen on the cut of her Brexit's gib and will make sure that she knows about this loud and clear!
It's worse than that...She gets to command when and if our nuclear button is pressed!
labour will be dumped ...
If the Russians had any investment in the Brexit shambles now would be the time to reap the rewards!
else you’ll get what they’re getting. The utter disrespect made to our PM is another reason why I wouldn’t vote remain in a second round. Also we should have never had a remainer leading the brexit negotiations. *due to the way our PM has been treated
Don’t be ridiculous and don’t think you’ll pull the wool over our eyes. This is not Brexit. And the Conservatives will never be re-elected if this crappy deal gets voted in.
The idea was to take a quick route to a soft Brexit and avoid some of the predictable chaos of the last two and half years.
RunnymedeTrust: In a post-Brexit world, how should we treat the legacy of the British Empire? Join us for an uncensored look at Britain’s colonial past Thu 6 Dec FreeWordCentre. Tickets:
My letter to the Prime Minister- listen to what people are saying now, not what they said two and a half years ago. I know a lot of your cronies stand to make serious money out of Brexit but you are supposed to work for the people.
Dear Theresa May. Go fuck yourself. Sincerely, the British public.
(UK) PM May reiterated next weeks are crucial for country's future, will be one of the most significant votes in Parliament for many year; the best Brexit deal was achieved and in the national interest, there will be no other deal negotiated or second referendum #brexit
I applaud the fact that you oppose it but I don’t feel as though you understand that the majority of people do not want to #Brexit, May’s deal, your deal or no deal. Let’s stay in the EU and lead a reform... Join , and in saving this country!
Oh fuck off sunshine. No one is buying that shit. People are starting to get rather miffed now (just to put it into terms you may prefer). Force this through or scrap brexit at your peril.
We don't want it. We need to leave on wto rules. #brexit #nodeal
Btw have fun with Brexit.
Too many politicos believe that spin and PR is all that really matters. Truth is elastic. The cost is the demise of evidence-based policy and the sub-optimal outcomes that result. Brexit the perfect example - an outcome worse than now, that nobody wants.
Q Anon Brexit Deal Scam, France Protests, Treason, Mexico, D5 via
Darling #Brexit is basically fucked up. My only concern is how much money I make out this chaos and market uncertainty. I have a good hedge fund manager who making a killing for me. I am only interested in Dollars. I have plenty of cash to play with. Its called crony capitalism
"A referendum between this wretched deal and Remain? In that case, since even staying in the EU would be better than this, vote Remain. The struggle could begin again the next day, as it did in 1973, in 1975, and in 1983. #Brexit #PeoplesVote" #MOATS
Who is coming with me to this?
True but they gained 1% and the trots lost 1% in todays regional elections. When a nation commits #Brexit it becomes the football that moves domestic polling elsewhere. Those behind the #ToryCivilWar really should have considered that in 2015
Lisboa the only point I am making is that the EU would rather this was all a bad dream! They don’t want to be negotiating a brexit with anyone hence an election to continue negotiating a brexit would come at a high price for ext of art 50 with conditions
#Dodo Theresa May faces daunting Commons arithmetic on Brexit deal
#BrexitDeal is already doomed. Here’s how the #Christmas meltdown could play out #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexitcast
Polling suggests that people are changing their minds rapidly as they see how shit Brexit really is. 'Leave voting areas' only means on *one* day in 2016. A lot of water has passed under the bridge since then.
I'm sorry to disappoint you but they are going to be arguing about this for years to come. And your name will be associated with it.
But one of the most spectacularly shit things about the letter is that she doesn’t even mention climate change! The *actual end of the world* is less important to Tories than wanking over Brexit.
Plan b is #NoDeal
Both involved with Dirty money Johnson as not fit for public office .
Are the people who voted #AnthonyRussell into the final the same people who voted for #brexit??? #xfactor #xfactor2018
British foreign minister Hunt calls parliamentary arithmetic for Brexit deal 'challenging'
Love this lundi 26 novembre #Brexit
I also fail to see why MP's/Lords are not forced to declare a conflict of interest re: receipt of EU salaries, pension or funding. Where they declare a conflict then they should have parliamentary voting rights removed on all matters relating to Brexit.
Whatever your Brexit politics, this is a beautifully written piece. The comments, however, are so full of spite and vitriol, it's understandable why half of the country wanted to split from the other.
2/ Dear are you really happy supporting a #Brexit narrowly won with the aid of a torrent of lies and hate propaganda, against the EU, refugees and migrants spouted by the tax-dodging #Brexit billionaire press?
The Observer view on Brexit and the fractured state of Europe | Observer editorial
Does Iain Dale’s face go green when he is reminded how easy he thought Brexit would be ? Does is face pale when he is reminded that Obama warned that this would take years of “heavy lifting” ? Or has he conveniently forgotten all that ?
? No Trump Hotel in the Ukraine. He doesn't care.
If those girls get kicked out there will be riots and protests, they'll completely ignore the fact they're shite and call it racist, ageist, blame Brexit etc....
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and Brexit
Ditto to that, Ditto to that... Please follow me, I am looking to get something going to get rid of Sturgeon and save Brexit...
all good - apart from Brexit nightmare!!! How are you doing in US?
Great to time to be needlessly going out on our own with an under-equipped navy and moronic deluded liars as 'leaders' then - oops!
Your dismal deal does none of those things and you know so stop lying to your electorate, remove your charlatan leader, apologise to us and start giving us the Brexit you promised -and we won. Because you've lost my vote forever
I’d rather an immediate, free WTO Brexit - the one we voted for!
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal'. Best for the EU ..Not for the UK
Yay! Taxation without representation. That’s definitely what I thought ‘Brexit means Brexit’ meant.
Britain will run out of things to run out of after Brexit
I got a letter from the government The other day I opened and read it It said they were suckers... #Brexit
Excellent. A crying shame that your cause is being outshouted by the Theresa May betrayal of Brexit.
You could have sent it through the post. At least then I could have used it earlier to wipe my ass. Fuck brexit and your shitty deal you nasty miserable old racist. What the people want is for you to resign. Just GO!
There are three possible outcomes: 1. The current deal 2. Hard Brexit 3. Remain There should be a referendum between these three possibilities. Would be fair since these are only three real possibilities. Remain will win because the Bexiteers have sold an imaginary Brexit.
A matter of years ago supposed Socialists and Democrats treated Alastair Campbell virtually as a war criminal. In the here-and-now the very same people treat him as a hero giving him 10,000 retweets and likes for anti-democratic propaganda against Brexit. What a two-faced bunch!
Masfaith3 "French RIOTS! Brexit Deal FINALIZED... Top EU/UK News 11/25/18" on YouTube
Please don’t back this doggy hopeless deal. We don’t just want to “get on with it” at any price
Not a JC fan , but I think he would prove to be more honest than Mrs May has been over the Brexit debacle!
The deal on offer does not fulfil any of my hopes or the reasons I voted for Brexit. It does not deliver the referendum result, it does not deliver on her manifesto and it does not deliver on her rhetoric. Anyone who backs this deal is a traitor to this country!
I think you'll find this why people voted leave..
Fùçk The Queen NO BREXIT AT ALL _
Negotiations are just that. Nothing is final until it is agreed and signed on the dotted line. We should all have a #finalsay about the terms agreed with an option to pull out of Brexit altogether. Especially if the economy is battered when May’s deal is rejected.
I have to admit like haven’t had a great mentality recently a lot of hair playing on my mind but birthdays coming up so I’m hoping I’ll be fine then if not then we’ll Brexit and you’ll find me in a ditch
Missed the news all weekend. What Brexit-related fuck ups have there been today?
BBC News: EU leaders agree Brexit deal
I like Corbyn, Voted Remain, think Brexit is a monstrous waste of time that will hurt the most vulnerable, diminish the country. Having 5 years of Corbyn won't be enough to offset the damage Brexit will do, doesn't mean I don't want those five years.
Oh Patrick , still open ,
Strange May has arranged the meaningful vote on Brexit at exactly the same time we are due to be signing up to the UN MIGRATION COMPACT!! Which is she trying to hide?
Yes I do. Its just spot on what brexit is all about. Furthermore when the inconveniences are so high for the people it makes one wonder who its really good for. My guess: rich people and (other) adversaries!
Hey #Remainers please READ before you dismiss as rubbish. I loathe and blame the lot of you for sabotaging the country's democratic #Brexit.
The fat lady hasn't sung yet mate.
May revives Brexit dividend 'lie' in bid to sell deal to public and MPs: via
Dominant and mature performance by today at #Koksijde but why did organisers play Land of Hope &amp; Glory on the podium? Brexit sarcasm?!
Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement – what it all means
The only hazard we respect these days, not that brexit Nathan Redmond at Chelsea.
What reality? Are we headed for a hard brexit? We’re far more likely to sign up for the current deal or move to a general election. Either way, a hard brexit is further away then ever.
What exactly were you expecting? Did you believe the line that they’d come begging because we used to have an empire ? #Brexit
I will back your deal when you back your promise that my #citizensrights won't change. When I can live my life as a brit in the eu the day after Brexit just the same as the day before. You are destroying lives and heralding it as a win. Time for a #peoplesvote
This is ridiculous as the Guardian will think... most people at Brussels will think as Blair a dodo... no one read these awful dossiers badly translated...
Since Theresa wants to speak directly to the electorate over the benefits of her deal, why doesn't she just give us a #PeoplesVote her deal, no deal, no brexit
Theresa May #PoliticalDeclaration does not save us from the trap of the #WithdrawalAgreement writes Martin Howe QC #Brexit
What the people of the United kingdom need is a big street party to cheer them up. I understand there is going to be one on the 9th December. Everyone that wanted Brexit is invited.
#Brexit process from here. 1. General election 2. Extend Article50 for 12months 3. Serious preparations for #NODEAL 4. 2nd referendum on #Remain Or #NoDeal under strict information rules. Personally I want to #Remain but if we are leaving let's stop this embarrassing Tory farce
Labour, at last, merges with the Brexit omnibrain #resistanceisfutile
Bit Brexit that, like
26% and many of them never wanted brexit
The Remainers are seemingly right, if this is “Brexit” I didn’t know what I was voting for
I’m afraid Claire that you need to get back to school, or your head examining, if you really think May’s Withdrawal Agreement will deliver Brexit... your country needs you to use your brain &amp; stop this appalling transfer of our sovereignty to EU. You won’t stay an MP otherwise.
Watch out for May/Putin diversionary tactics to draw attention from paucity of Brexit ‘Deal’ &amp; chances of PV &amp; Parliament rebellion. Destroy UK is the aim. Let us not believe anything else. Caveat emptor
Not according to J&amp;F WATER TREATMENT LTD...a UK company that exports water treatment plant &amp; chemicals worldwide amongst others..
Nos 10 Downing St. I need a catch phrase to distract from just how mind numbingly bad &amp; bankrupt my Brexit deal is. How about 'independent costal nation' PM ? How perfect, both meaningless &amp; vaguely patriotic.Tell everyone to say it.
This has become the musical equivalent of Brexit. Shit happens and we just watch thinking... what? How? Why? And who the hell is voting?! #xfactor
Brexit deal sell-out protects barbaric trade of sending live animals abroad for slaughter
'Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power'
From Vietnam to Brexit: what happens when leaders need to look tough via
Agree Keir. But with respect I still do not have the first idea what you and your parties alternative plan is, &amp; I follow Politics closely. The only thing that matches this government’s utter incompetence on Brexit is the totally useless opposition holding them to account. Sorry.
The article is a couple of weeks old, but nothing has changed. "It is the most terrible betrayal."
Relatively Accidental - A Black Comedy of Rock Music and Death by Jessika Jenvieve #Book #ebook #Fiction It won't stop Brexit but it will make you laugh Buy it Now ===&gt;&gt;&gt; -*-
The ruling Party in Dublin are not called "West Brits" for nothing. They would sell their mothers and their Country to the Nazis or the Israelis tomorrow.
X Factor is just like the Brexit Vote! Clueless. The fat girl must be in the final! The two little rude girls can’t sing only rap and shout! #XFactor #Brexit #Scarlett
Brexit is an actual thing now. We have to deal with it
It’s difficult not to suspect that’s been the entire point. Of Brexit, Trump, and all the rest of the political poison spread by the likes of Steve Bannon and the shadowy figures behind the curtain.
You lot are like 3 year olds that think there are monsters are under every bed and in every cupboard it's a fucking brexit march a political opinion you don't agree with but it's no nuremberg rally you utter morons.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
All I can say is keep building! Old man #Corbyn may see the error of his ways. #Brexit #peoplesvote
They are betraying the country and any principles they ever had #Brexit
The Labour Party Strategy on #Brexit makes no sense. 70% of their voters and nearly all their MP’s support a #peoplesvote one man stands in the way where is Democracy in the Labour Party?
Well said Tim. The Department for Exiting the EU and Brexit Minister position were created by as part of her crafty attempt to make it look as if she intended to deliver on the referendum result - both Brexit Ministers were sidelined and the PM duped us all.
Really..! This is where you are still at. Fuck off until you have the first clue what it is you are dribbling on about. Find out for yourself. Do some basic research. Start here...
We want you as PM
May's Brexit deal is a humiliation for Britain via
Theresa May says she is full of hope. She IS full of something, and it's not hope. The Brexit 'deal' is no deal at all. Scotland, cut yourself adrift from the Tory lies. The British government has shown itself to be inept, indecisive, and led by 'a girl who just can't say no.'
A concise and clear view from what it’s due ahead with #Brexit by my dear friend Ian. At this point in time I don’t know who gains what, and who’s winning... if any. I guess the general feeling is “let’s keep dancing but looking away like nothing ever happened”
U.K., EU Approve Hard-Fought Brexit Divorce Deal. Now the Harder Work Begins.
EU leaders seal Brexit deal and call on Britons to back May
thinking of #movingabroad ?we have tips for transitioning and info about #livinginSweden #movingchildrenabroad #expatgrief #livingabroadchangesyou #Sweden #expat #Brexit #expatlife #expats
She's begging now, it's almost like this brexit thing was a bad idea or something like that
What violence. That is the nature of the hard centre.
Iain Duncan Smith is struggling to support May's Brexit deal (Full Inter... via
No-deal Brexit could lead to clean drinking water shortage #BrexitChaos
#Brexit deal summed up brilliantly
Kettle calling the pot black me thinks. So it's ok to do it when you want to stop your own country from being independent back in 2014, but not when the lies better together told are coming home too roost. #indyref2 #BrexitShambles #DissolveTheUnion #bettertogethermyarse
US: Elects Trump and mayhem ensues. UK: Votes for Brexit and mayhem ensues. Russia: Hold my beer...
If thinks the EU are jus saying this, take a look back at their actions over the past two years. They always mean what they say. Always. Corbyn's stupid dream of a Labour Brexit is over. The sooner he realises this the better. Labour must become the party of Remain.
Putin will save her ass with Ukraine incident. Calling off Brexit will be branded as the success. Or waste another £60bn to £3bn already wasted and call this one success.
those in power say OUR sovereignty but what they meant was THEIR sovereignty us plebs are in a bigger pile of shit out than we where in those in power will reap what little benefits there are but pay nothing it's the other 90% that will pick up the bill for BREXIT
Why Brexit is just a sideshow for an EU beset by problems on all sides
Global Britain.
The brexit deal is really a diplomatic work of art
The latest The Slugger Digest! Thanks to #brexit #implantfiles
Official: Brexit actually ’s fault. File under You Couldn’t Make This Up.
New post (Britain's opposition Labour Party will oppose Brexit deal: Corbyn) has been published on Daily top pop -
What’s true is clueless, out of touch, middle of the road commentators like you have no popular mandate unlike Corbyn
Do it
May fails to get her deal through.. Heart and soul, National interest mantra fails...May resigns due to her red lines. Therefore new Tory... Centrist leader.. Remove red lines or General Election.. General election Too scary for Tories.. Can't lose face..#peoples vote. #Brexit
All it means is that a hard BREXIT is in order.
Unna ne Kuri le ke ve Mukkar jana aye lol Example is our Aunty Teresa May, khawar kar ditta bechari nu And still no Brexit deal yet lol
So this is apparently Theresa May's #Brexit deal that seemingly won't get through the House of Commons. If indeed it doesn't, she will have to resign. Either that or we're in general election or #PeoplesVote territory #BrexitShambles
#Blackfriday vs #Brexit. And the winner is....????
#Brexit in any form is division and uncertainty. Uncertainty may vanish one day but division is here to stay. 'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns
Brexit - Statement on the Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP This should be read by all. An objective analytical assessment. Including confirmation that post any withdrawal agreement we will be operating on a wing and a prayer. With wings clipped!
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
If High Court rules referendum vote ‘void’ there will be no need for a #PeoplesVote
Our lives and subsequent attitude to Brexit &amp; Brexiters do bear many similarities.
And all the more reason to go for a no deal Brexit - short term pain for long term gain and control our own destiny.
Known as “Posh George” by Farage and his entourage, Cottrell is the nephew of Lord Hesketh, a former Conservative party treasurer who later defected to the more radical right-wing UKIP. #Brexit
Many of these brits are sneaky! I say we check their breath and teeth in immigration control upon entering the US. If their breath stink and teeth resemble the crookedness of Hillary, they for sure are brits. YES TO THE U.K BAN. Even brexit did not want them! MAGA
I have yet to figure out precisely what Corbyn's position is on Brexit. If you can manage it, please be a darling and let me know.
This is not Brexit and you well know it. I am one of your constituents and if you support this travesty you will not be receiving my vote again. I am not the only Tory that thinks this so be very afraid of those of us with long memories at the next election #noseatissafe
Looking forward to it.
Can I ask what you expect they might have done differently? As far as I can see the priority for labour has been maintaining its 2017 coalition in readiness for if/when government falls. The hazards of adopting an “against Brexit” approach are obvious to all
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
We Remainers haven’t derailed anything (though, admittedly, not for lack of trying!). The fact is the wonderful post-Brexit panacea of unicorn-powered magical trade deals, which was touted by the most rabid Brexit proponents, simply doesn’t exist.
Darling #Brexit is basically fucked up. My only concern is how much money I make out this chaos &amp; market uncertainty. I have a good hedge fund manager who will making a killing for me. I am only interested in Dollars. I have plenty of cash to play with Its called crony capitalism
Never a truer word. Led down a regressive path by selfish political ego maniacs colluding with an out of touch uninformed and aged voting base.
And one of the putative advantages would be the re-introduction of duty-free! It is so difficult to know how to respond without being enraged or insulting.
That scumbag says its the only deal possible because no deal could mean the end of the EU so obviously Junckie Tusk Barnier macron Merkel are very happy
There are many more who are offended by #Brexit.
You seem to be asserting brexit happens by process when clearly it doesn’t. Even May had accepted no brexit is on the table. The Parliamentary process isn’t the final determinant of brexit is it. What previous experience parrallels this?
BBC’s #Dynasties is an incredible documentary on how animals survive from each year to the next, and how they go to great lengths for their young. Perhaps something our politicians could learn from, eh! #brexit #brexshit
Well that’s just bollox ... we will argue until this stupid Brexit is stopped ...
Wales less prosperous after Brexit deal, says first minister - BBC News
Russia wants more Black Sea coastline (and port facilities) than it has now. This is a good time for Russia because the West is distracted by Trump, Brexit, disunity in the EU.
Certainly not the deal the we have on the table
Labour, SNP, Lib Dems, DUP, Greens, and many both remain and Brexit supporting Tory MPs will vote against it. By every account, it’s crap
WHY DO WE NEED ANOTHER REF? WE ARE LEAVING THE EU EITHER WAY. IF NO DEAL COMES ABOUT THEN WTO TERMS ARE THE DEFAULT NOT A SECOND REF...
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
JC isn’t interested in a people’s vote ... he wants a ‘job’s first Brexit’ which is as likely as the NHS getting on famously without our EU27 doctors, dentists, care workers &amp; nurses
Just In: EU Leaders Endorse Brexit Deal
Everybody but Theresa May hates the Brexit deal: a story told in quotes
- #EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit - well they would do wouldn't they as its cash in the bank and no strings for them #stitch-up
To every MP. Gonna hide from #Brexit and let cr*p on decent voters just for a few Tory scraps? Or you got the spine to do the sane thing and #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy and the country? #PeoplesVote needs YOU.
What did the Romans ever do for us? [Apart from central heating, obvs.]
GBP/USD Forecast November 26 - 30 - Brexit Deal Crunch Time $GGB
I found the ones responsible for Brexit
This makes me happy because there is no other sensible #brexit which leaves only one possible result: remain.
Corbyn is finished. Even hard left Labour voters don't support him on this. They see the Labour Leadership position on Brexit is nonsensical.
French President Macron lays down the law on a Brexit trade deal for the UK
Earlier this year, Jeremy Corbyn’s critics used antisemitism as a smokescreen to launch personal and puerile attacks against him; now they are using Brexit
This is so stupid and childish. I'm against brexit but u lost. Move on
like May mims davies cant read and is also a traitor to our country - what she has done is stop brexit May has signed us back into the EU on 29th March 2019 the EU are our enemy always will be they want a customes union controlled by brussels if that not treachery what is
Stick your deal. Let's see how long it takes for you to come back cap in hand when the cars are not getting built and the fresh produce is rotting in the fields.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (5) His comments, as a single foreign leader, are presented to us, not as a threat or warning, but flatly, as an edict passed down from a senior official to his juniors.
Let’s be honest,doing the deal on her own was exactly what she planned She had three Brexit secretaries that weren’t allowed to participate Two of them were banned from even going to Brussels
Ohhhh Jeremy Corbyn. Please wise up and give us a #PeoplesVote it’s really disingenuous politicking with Brexit to try and get yourself a GE and in through the back door of No. 10. #countrybeforeparty
Trump is a far greater threat to the global stage than Brexit or the shit we've been dealing with here in France for the last 8 days. Although, doubting greatly that our pal actually has an inkling about the rest of the world, this are kicking off in Crimea again. Right Now!
Bang on the button..... #brexit folk and #Remain folk need to see the bigger picture... it's a worrying path for the future
Development bank warns hard Brexit will slow EU accession talks
Theresa May has written a “letter to the nation” begging the public to support her Brexit deal, which has been signed off by EU leaders but could be voted down in Parliament by Tory Brexiteers and Northern Ireland’s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
Niether have you going on that so called deal you personally think is a good deal , WTO is Brexit .
Anthony got through to the finals?! This is fucking worse than #brexit. #XFactor.
I saw you speak when you came to Hull. I argued your case and it lost me friends. And now you let down every citizen of this country by not making the case against Brexit and denying the people ( whom you continually cite ) a say. Shame on you.
DUP will review pact with May if Commons backs Brexit deal, says Foster via
'A miserable failure of negotiation': Jeremy Corbyn blasts Theresa May's Brexit deal
I needed this today! FING AWESOME! #MAGA #WWG1WGA #POTUS
Unbelievable how you fanatics can bring anything back to brexit
Brilliant thread on New Labour and immigration
Brexit bedlam consolidates support for EU and euro in Republic
If you thought Brexit Twitter was strong wait till you see nationalist US Twitter
Make sure that this scumbag does not leave UK before he is prosecuted and punished for causing this mayhem of Brexit
French President Macron lays down the law on a Brexit trade deal for the UK
For me camilla have problem with accord for the brexit and for evacuate her fury, she attack DoS
Corbyn’s unique impact on how the Brexit situation is playing out due to the large gap between his view and the majority of Labour MPs let alone the party members. has got this one right.
Trading Blocs are a completely different from a Federal Super State. If the EU had stayed as the Common Market, it's unlikely the British electorate would have voted for Brexit. Trading on WTO rules will not involve joining a currency, an army, FOM or quotas of refugees!
We have brexit issues you might wanna pass ygm
Desperate and Pathetic May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal
We chose to leave the #EU. May s trying like a hairy bear to keep us from leaving. You ask us to support her “#Brexit deal”. Where’s the democracy in that?
This does also rather put the #Brexit - you're all xenophobic argument into a little bit of context. EU countries are building quite a few walls.
someone need to stop brexit before britain loses all its trees
Me too. What with May's endless 'Let me be clear...' clear as mud and Corbyn's constant doublespeak and obvious love of Brexit, our so-called leaders are doing my head in.
Sounds like the name of the Brexit deal
Silence a critical viewpoint? Half of your #Brexit idea was based on the premise of having democratic control. Secondly, accusing someone of "indoctrination", while your UKIP blatantly lied to the people to get them to vote pro #Brexit seems a tad disingenuous.
You must have a death wish.
Yep. I tried to tell my friend in the UK about this and about Farage being key behind the vote of Brexit being fudged but he doesn't believe me. This was a year ago when most people were finally grasping that something terrible happened.
Can you place a single fact on this opinion ? or is Maths not a strong subject
Corbyn's deal is exactly the same as May's. Hard Brexit.
The 2016 referendum showed voters divided and uncertain, with no strong will for Brexit - even before the stories surfaced about campaign irregularities. Brexit is a mirage with no benefit and no mandate.
Varadkar is no great fan of SF or the IRA. His first concern is RoI, NI is only on his agenda if it damages RoI. Try blaming the DUP for their reckless pursuit of Brexit which has generated the changes in the GB/NI relationship.
Another Iranian Migrant Boat Arrives in Dover, French Claim Smuggling 'Explosion' Driven by Brexit | #Iran
Makes sod all difference, she's right, we need her whole bloody party out.
"Diplomatic Convention" has partitioned "Sub-Branches" of "Diplomatic Congress" w/optimal conditions for Deals along Diplomatic lines &amp; "Statecraft Brinkmanship" for leveraged equations against "Admin Duress." The partition is patent. :| #Brexit #Auspol
"Brexit will make Europe smaller in every respect". Sombre tone to reporting of EU Summit in today's newspaper. Truth is there'll be no winners from #Brexit - least of all in Leave-voting northern towns of England
For heaven's sake Andrew, don't be a useful warm body. This is just nihilistic theatre leading us plebs by the nose to a Blairite 2nd referendum. The only chance now for the Union is a proper Brexit that *respects* the ref. Anything else, well you will finish the UK and our party
He knows the Brexit Project is doomed and that when the UK seeks entry back into the EU, it will do on EU terms without opt outs and acceptance of the Euro.
Oh grow up. This great man was the only Conservative to vote against Article 50 &amp; has done more than most MPs since the vote to lessen the damage of Brexit. Whereas Corbyn, Flint, Hoey, Stringer Field et al have been a constant let down. Get a grip.
Also there is currently, to my mind, only one front bencher that is not enraging me and boiling my piss over brexit.
The last 50 years I hear jokes and complains about the British NHS, but today #TheresaMay said she will use the EU spared money for the NHS. Why did she not think of this 40 years ago ??? #BrexitDeal #Brexit
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
Yep and instead of constant rain threatened for 40 years after Brexit we are now to expect 40 years of drought. Make bloody mind up!
PFS # 284 (The Phil Ferguson Show) joins me for a discussion of #bitcoin, #brexit and much more. Investing Skeptically topic: The value of Past Performance.
Fraud on the grandest scale will be nothing post #BREXIT .. #ToryFRAUDSTERS
Okay I reading and somebody said Russia is the cause for Brexit and this guy called Mogilevich has Putin and Trump as his puppets
To the people I know who like &amp; listen to Farage. Please read this &amp; then get a grip
Dear Prime Minister Get stuffed Sincerely the British public
I think Labour backs Brexit.. but it’s called Lexiit..! Border Poll the only option here in NI
Dave, can I ask if you are now supporting a peoples vote? If so I take it you are looking for a hard Brexit? Your rhetoric has changed slightly of late hence why I ask.
Just hang on , we are working on it.
Fuck Him....
This wishy-washy #Brexit deal is all about Theresa May. She knows her days as PM will be numbered so is trying with whatever means to push it through. It’s not worked on me so I won’t be running to my Mp to ask her to vote for it.
Yea, I mean the English were so constructive in their colonial efforts, I mean look how good they were for Ireland...for goodness sake, will you stop spouting nonsense
Or maybe it was this that you think "twisted the story"? It didnt. Labour DID delay Article 50 passing until March 2017. They DID win a major Govt concession at that time, &amp; the Tory Minister guarantees that formed the 6 Tests. You can check.
You might be interested in this very important development.
I like to think Leave and Remain both send one person back. The remain person told the truth and warned us of the impending failure. The leave person just screamed project fear.
Labour are polling at close to decade highs. Put on 3 million votes at the General Election last year. What are you talking about?
Not hard to see why...
French President Macron lays down the law on a Brexit trade deal for the UK via ForexLive #forex #fx
Write to your MP today to say you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this half-baked #Brexit deal or a No-Deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
I must admit, while I am annoyed that the battle for Brexit must still be fought over two years after the referendum, the continuing destruction of the Conservative Party is a rather good consolation prize.
A poll is not a referendum. We have had the referendum &amp; 2/3 of constituencies voted to leave the EU. #MayMustGoNow #Brexit
So the government now gives in to blackmailers
I have realised remainers hang on this as part of their own guilt at having the same feelings on immigration. They are embarrassed when they realise brexit was not really mainly about that and they are the ones left holding the issue.
Its getting nearer to serious. The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse via
why are #remoaners not kicking off bout the so called #brexit deal???? Any ideas?
You would rather inflict massive, crippling damage on Britain before just asking the people if they still want Brexit? You have a responsibility to put country before party, even if that party appears to be UKIP.
Holyhead, my home town. They still don’t get it. This is dreadful. Holyhead on Brexit: ‘When will people wake the f**k up?’ via
Rubbish. You are supposed to be a representative not a delegate. Tell your voters the truth instead of cravenly leading them to a Brexit disaster
Almost right - you neglected to mention that the centre does it too.
I hope someone at Butt House is reading this. Why we shouldn't be fooled into thinking we can escape the wave of Brexit chaos
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
I have. He's a pro-Brexit Tory, and I got back a letter basically telling me that democracy has to be respected, and the benefits to the constituency are massive. (they aren't)
People who want another referendum for Brexit are pure idiots
Theresa May says her deal "delivered for the British people" and set the UK "on course for a prosperous future". Nope and nope again. #brexit #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal
Wake up and smell the coffee... No deal
The West is in chaos and unable to respond. Britain is consumed with Brexit. EU is leaderless as Merkel starts step down. Trump will do nothing and GOP Congress is incompetent or complicit. CIA being publicly doubted by Trump. Russia is free to do a lot right now consequence free
Man, if Facebook knowingly screwed up Brexit...wow!
Mr. and Ms. Brit, Please get that BREXIT thing done!
No, brexit is a crime. How can a crime unite the country?
I voted for Jeremy Corbyn to be leader but can’t forgive him for his stance on Brexit. And I’ll never vote for him again if he continues to play handmaiden to this far right Tory Brexit madness.
Hi...still waiting for the list of BBC Trustees voting in favour of Brexit in the House of Lords. Who exactly are they? Genuinely interested.
EU's focus on no-deal Brexit preparations is 'the only Plan B' – official
we are not backing a deal which 49% of people wants and the other 51% didnt vote for. this deal is shit and you have done nothing to earn any vote of confidence in you or your deal.
What are they smoking over in Brussels my word beggars belief plan b is bye bye, ta ra, hasta luego, sayonara, adios and shalom or any other way you want to say BYE! WTO and we’re off.
Picking up my rental car, saw the Brexit stickers on my passport, laughed, and wished me a very pleasant holiday. Still only got a Renault Clio, not a Maserati, so will run through sunny uplands until everything is just as promised
Nobody is talking about overturning the referendum result. What is needed is a referendum on what should happen next in light of knowledge gained over the past 2 years. Especially now it is clear that Brexit is just about immigration and the UK badly damaged economically.
All 27 European Union heads of state and government have agreed to British Prime Minister Theresa May’s proposed #Brexit plan.
Yes. Im a Labour member and had enough of this "jobs first brexit" nonsense.
Laugh all you like but after Brexit the price of smuggled Marmite will go up...
We know what this is MSM putting Brexit onto Corbyn's Labour and apologising for Theresa May Watch for this over the coming days
Not a binary choice. EU president: “We are also prepared for a no-deal scenario but of course we are best prepared for a no-Brexit scenario.” #PeoplesVote #Indyref
I will NEVER vote Labour ever again if they fail to STOP Brexit.
Does Mrs May Little Letter To The Public, Go Under Remain Or Leave Spending ? Bye Bye Conservatives You Could Not Deliver Brexit And You Got Us A Bum Deal For Britain,,,
If the purpose of such a vote is to galvanise the front bench into supporting a #PeoplesVoteNow I agree it is worth it. Shame they do not have courage to do that anyway. GE most unlikely option at the moment &amp; I don't trust Corbyn to campaign to stop Brexit
Best deal for EU27 and UK is to #Remain in the EU. The best deal for EU27 is what’s been negotiated, which is not renegotiable. UK can’t crash out of EU because it would become a rogue state Parliament must either vote to accept EU deal or #Remain in EU
Their own private Brussels: why the Brexit zealots can never leave the EU | Rafael Behr
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
A strange comment from a man who has no grandchildren
Rubbish, none of the other problems can be fixed if we don't reverse Brexit. Only by doing so could we focus properly on those problems. If we leave we will just add to the existing issues. The only ones being selfish are those calling for a GE which will fix nothing short term.
Leo is a twat. I’d imagine most Irish folk do not agree with his handling and meddling of Brexit.
Negotiating #101 - EU offers an appalling deal, worse than staying, refuses to budge, UK will come back begging. But is that the UK way?
We'll all be speaking like this after Brexit
Emmanual #Macron picks fight with Scots fishermen over post-Brexit deal
Emmanual #Macron picks fight with Scots fishermen over post-Brexit deal
Gove is of the same species though.... hes only thinking of himself. His career. He ran for leadership after the Brexit vote I recall. Never stood a chance. But, only thought of himself, si he probably does know it!
Alastair Campbell on Charles Kennedy
Is Brexit a disaster or has it become disastrous due to the way it has been handled. We will likely never know now
Russia vs Ukraine, Caravan violence on US border, Brexit capitulation accepted today. On a fucking Sunday.
Absolutely
When people say Labour haven’t been challenging the Tories on Brexit – show them this.
Own it
There is no left-wing case for Brexit: 21st century socialism requires transnational organization | British Politics and Policy at LSE
In July the media were speculating that a No Deal Brexit would cause civil unrest. WELL THIS DEAL WILL CAUSE CIVIL UNREST IF IT IS VOTED THROUGH.
Brexit, Russians firing at Ukraine navy and now this ... haven’t we got enough to deal with?
EU leaders agree to Brexit deal via
True! I am one of them! Fuck Brexit.
France and Spain want to renegotiate the Brexit deal — so why can't we, Mrs May? is it cause you are spineless or too scared of EU that you are giving everything to them?
I totally agree the Irish Government has done nothing to help the UK evolve a good Brexit plan especially when the UK Government helped the Irish Government when it needed help most The Irish Government are not interested in what happens in Northern Ireland Humbug to then
You're crediting with the intelligence to "reverse engineer"...? I doubt he could even spell it... #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
Exactly. #BREXIT is pointless AND painful. There must be some way to stop this national madness???
Europeans Pay Little Heed to British Warnings on Brexit via
Pedro Sánchez: "We all lose in Brexit, but Spain wins in relation to Gibraltar" TM's Brexit-deal could be said to be between a rock and a hard place...
One thing Brexit has done is bring the nutters out in droves
Who can actually adjudicate on some of these cases, and I would like to know what would happen if we just don’t recognise the authority of the court, particularly the E J.
It’s not over yet! #ExitFromBrexit #The48PerCent #Remain
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Oh Evie #brexit bad, #PeoplesVote could get very ugly &amp; good? = ? Maybe election based on clear manifestos re key issues eg #remain + #independence could give mandate, but I'm just a pondering pussycat....
I don't think they would have been anti-Brexit, I think they would have been Starmerian, for want of a better word. It would have been a difficult line to walk, but I think Hutton is basically right.
Think you have to stop calling #Brexitdeal a “deal” generally a deal is a compromise with both sides gaining something favourable. #Brexit is far from it and always was going to be.
It’s quite interesting that the same people who are so high and mighty about the 4 freedoms are in many cases embracing (literally) Orbán et al. So all of this high-minded idealism on Brexit rings a bit hollow at this stage
European Union approves Brexit deal with United Kingdom
Hi - how would be able to reserve two tickets to see on 1st December for Brexit talks please? #thankyou
It's only going to get worse: "knighthoods, peerages, gongs and legislative time will be offered to waverers. Those MPs who oppose the deal will be asked whether their families would really enjoy reading about their sexual indiscretions in the newspapers."
Garrett. You talk shite.
No brexit protects jobs and economy. Brexit is a crime , John McD isn’t a criminal is he??
what have you been promised for supporting this sellout of brexit, and capitulation to the corrupt EU crime cartel
True #Brexit or mere suspension? Article 7 and the conceptual framework of the #EU/UK #withdrawlagreement.
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal” | Coffee House
A bit of a heavy read for a Sunday evening but this is the deal that the Traitor May is locking us into. It beggars belief and is an utter sell-out.
Theresa May thought by ending free movement she would appease the knuckle draggers who voted Brexit. Her problems now are proof most people voted Brexit for the very things she has ignored or hashed. Pathetic, condescending leech. #HardBrexit #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Exactly. There isn't any other Brexit deal than the one we now know. Labour are away with the fairies.
Labour triggered article 50 with no amendments to protect EU citizens rights No impact studies &amp; no risk assessments Labour will end UK citizens Lifetime rights to visa free freedom of Movement Labour has backed brexit with right wing Tories &amp; DUP #revokeA50 &amp; Remain in EU
BBC News - Brexit: DUP to meet NI business groups over deal
It's not the worst thing, I know; the truest victims are those of Tory-UKIP racism. But I'm sick to death of the daily humiliations the infernal Brexit process visits on us. I'm sick of being connected to a country that is at best a sick joke to the civilised world. Stop it: now.
Mrs M. If you read the replies to your pleading letter you will find that both leavers &amp; remainers hate the entire Brexit deal. If that's what you meant by wanting people to unite then you may have got your wish. They are united... AGAINST YOU !
The liberal elite have taken over the and they are totally unrepresentative of their worshipping flock
We’ve had the lies and the impossible promises. What we need now is honesty, reality and clarity. Say NO to Brexit and earn the gratitude of a tired and mistreated electorate. Our will has changed - you cannot continue to drag us through a flawed process. We need a People’s Vote
Jeremy has been perfectly clear which side he has been on. He stands up all the time to remind people what he thinks about the whole Brexit thing. He has given policy after policy, some even contradicting eachother, to ensure we have the best of all policies.
If there was someone else in charge, they might have realised that Brexit was an awful idea and would lead to bad outcomes any way it was implemented, so would have taken a brave decision to stop it. That would have been the better deal.
May's dogged but fatally stupid approach to #Brexit reminds me of an HGV driver blindly following his sat nav. Under low bridges, down one way streets &amp; ultimately getting stuck in a tight cul de sac with no way of reversing or turning around. #BackTheBrexitDeal #TheresaMay
Julia Lopez&amp; Andrea Jenkyns - some hope, but, I think, only 90 odd Tory MPs will vote against this so called deal. Do the other 200 plus Tory MPS want this? If so, many of you will lose your seats. Corbyn will get the keys to no 10 gift wrapped. How has it come to this?
Usual spin, misdirects, lies and so on! #Brexit #DissolveTheUnion #YouYesYet #Indyref2 #TheresaMay
The EU approves a deal they wrote in collusion with Maybot and a remainer civil servant ( oily Robbins ; a former communist who wrote in support of stalin! ).. The British ppl are appalled and the UK parliament looks set to reject. "No Deal" Brexit is on the cards.
lOVE IT....
Half of us voted against this, what makes her think we’ll just jump on the Brexit bandwagon? All because of her sudden new-found certainty?! #bollockstobrexit
If JC can’t who can...???
That’s good. It’s not just about Brexit Lots of cultural and societal issues are brought to front in those conversations!
No. There is no alternative plan. GIVE IT UP!!!! It will not happen. Game over. Support a People's Vote or fight to stop Brexit or you are acting against your own party's wishes and your own voters. FFS.
RIP IRONY! #socialistsunday
To repeat: 2 million out of Britain DID. 3 million DIDN'T. Discrimination. And by that reasoning, 3 million EU27 citizens WERE in UK and affected by Brexit. So they should have had a vote....
Mays deal is not Brexit, it is the purgatory of Hotel California with no end in sight.
Summary of May's #BrexitDeal:
If Labour tries to go ahead with Brexit Labour is dead
Best deal for EU27 and UK is to #Remain in the EU. The best deal for EU27 is what’s been negotiated, which is not renegotiable. UK can’t crash out of EU because it would become a rogue state Parliament must either vote to accept EU deal or #Remain in EU
Mitchel McLaughlin: "Abstention from Westminster is not a fundamental republican principle". Michelle Gildernew on SF MPs taking their seats: "Never say never". Martina Anderson: "There are no circumstances that Sinn Féin MPs will ever take their seats in the House of Commons".
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (6) Just look at those words, and feel the Guardian's relish:"UK will stay in Customs Union without fishing deal, says Macron". Oh well, that's that then.
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
I've nailed my colours to the mast
British foreign minister Hunt calls parliamentary arithmetic for Brexit deal 'challenging'
You know that bit in Red Dwarf where Lister gets put in stasis? Is there any chance I could do that until the world starts making sense again? #Brexit
Take it from me its money owed on contracts signed by the uk...but if you go throught the uk brexit papers you will see exactly what its being paid for...would you pay something you dont have to...?..didnt think so.
May’s #Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona via
Roll up, roll up - See 11 essential lies... chosen to use as spin for #Brexit bollox letter refusing People's Vote, no more democracy for great unwashed, to "FUBAR" UK #economy n stuff 'the British people,' to save her self and #Tories from oblivion - 25 Nov 2018
You Irish must be terrified about Brexit....(yerra feck off...no !)
Good time for UK diplomats to UN expressing concerns on BBC2 that Brexit&amp; our being a smaller fish in the world pond will see us lose place as 1of5 permanent members of UN Security Council. Compeletely unthinkable at anytime since 1945.....Up until Farages racist posters won day
No drinking water after Brexit lads. We're an island surrounded by water. It rains more often than not. I'm sure all these boffins at our universities can figure out a solution.
Pls this is madness. There is another way. Neither you, nor anyone else can say this is better that what we have now. Take it back to the people! #PeoplesVote #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow #FinalSay
I’m not sad about leaving EU, Theresa May tells emotional European leaders #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit #brexitshambles #gmb
That makes sense. There are many women here who voted for Brexit without bothering to find out what was really going to happen.
To busy fucking up Brexit!
Personally, I don't like the deal would prefer no Brexit but if it's this or no deal I take this. In all fairness the best approach to Brexit would of been EEA membership till we came up with a practical solution to leave but we don't want that so we have to run against he clock
I know what you mean, that "Brexit" word pisses the fucks off me.
It wasn’t a million miles from my cup of tea. I agreed with the stuff on Brexit and the importance of nationalism as a counterweight to other, less benign sources of identity and meaning.
Shocking! Angela Merkel and Viktor Orban suddenly vanished after the latest Brexit referendum in Brussels. Some vitnesses said that they maybe made a sexual intercourse to decrease the stress between them. After they were asked they quickly walked away. Are they really had sex?
Trident, Brexit, an unjust foreign policy, tax evasion. Damn right we have ‘grievances’
Yes, and of course the Russians interfered in the brexit vote in order to weaken Europe. It needs to be stopped, and Europeans need to present a united front. Too many think only about trade within the EU and not the united strength it represents.
Han, is that you ? Must be, not even Will Hutton could be so wrong - could he?
Brexit will be your regret. EU has been making you stronger so far. Self-determination is not always logical for nations.
Both &amp; promised in their manifesto to #LeaveEU &amp; it is all MP’s who must realise that unless they implement #BRexit as promised they will be scraped into the bin at the next gen.election, first! 17.4 million voters will NOT forget the lies!
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
The reader funded model may be gaining traction, but if these are the readers supporting it, they're welcome to them. A sound argument for never delving below the line:
French President Emmanual Macron picks fight with Scots fishermen over post-Brexit deal
Consider this, now, that the Tory strategy for managing Brexit hinged entirely on Labour becoming "the Remain party". It would have strengthened the Tory position massively, and made hard Brexit inevitable. The current Tory disarray is all down to Labour avoiding this trap.
Trade union boss calls for emergency Labour conference to decide Brexit policy via
The latest The Red_BK Daily! #hearmetoo #brexit
#Brexit deal: #EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom
How do people not get that #Hillary #Clinton supports the same policies #Trump does, that voting Democrat or Republican makes no real difference and US democracy is the illusion of choice?
With all the justified hostility to 's so called #Brexit #deal. Has anybody thought that it's also just plain weird? She must be an #EU body double.
Our Remainer PM and her cronies have sold the UK up the river - Macron, Merkel and the rest of them must be pissing themselves. Thanks Remoaners - perhaps if you’d just shut up and accepted the Referendum result, maybe we could have focussed on getting the right deal.
Face reality would you? UKIP have been all but killed off by Brexit. The more distant from Brexit the deal looks, up they go in polls. More broadly it's the EU's remote &amp; undemocratic governance that's predictably driving growing extremism on our continent. Wake up to EU dangers.
Can I ask what is this Brexit that they keep going on about, it must be important to them whoever them are
Exactly! What short memories they have? Never trust so called liberals...
What she said.
have you noticed all Jasper carrot has is cheap smears know what he cant do? talk about what his party has to offer us. ya know why? they got nothing to offer, zilch, ,neer, nadda, Nowt,none, neeto, loss, nohg, SWEET FA! nope i tell a lie blue passport, Brexit 50p
Indeed. It's why the 2nd referendum campaign started months ago. Remainers "look like they've tried" but put the EU question to bed for decades if not forever.
Oh really? How many people did you say, "You lost, get over it" to in 2016? You can't stop Democracy David. We are coming for your #Brexit
It is well worth registering for two free Times articles a month in order to read this perspicacious piece by Matthew Parris.
And a blowtorch.
Obviously Putin chose now to do this on the eve of final Brexit negotiations.
Both &amp; promised in their manifesto to #LeaveEU &amp; it is all MP’s who must realise that unless they implement #BRexit as promised they will be scraped into the bin at the next gen.election, first! 17.4 million voters will NOT forget the lies!
The latest The Erkan Saka Daily! #brexit #irlande
Thank god for that. We are proud of the British army and the good people who voted Brexit could have just saved it. You can shove your EU army up your arse
Indeed. I think it's foolhardy to assume #F1 will face no problems from Brexit. Liberty couldn't even overcome the logistical hurdles to race in Miami so I have no confidence in their ability to navigate Brexit. If I was an #F1 $FWONK investor I'd be terrified by their response
she can only do that with a vote!! So when will it be!! Has changed her mind again!!! This will give the uk the chance to change our mind - Mays Brexit vs Remain -
Brexit. Obvs...
Will Rudd quit again She's like a bloody yo-yo that lass
#TheresaMay's crusade against immigration cost us billions of #WTO trade deals... We swapped one rule book for another where more parties must be pleased. May’s Brexit disaster unreported by UK press: Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in WTO projects
LOL. I blame the Tories for using the country as a bargaining chip in a Tory party pissing contest. I also blame the Tories for the economic murder of thousands using austerity, ie strangling the economy to dismantle the welfare state
Well, Brexit will certainly leave Britain poorer. On the other hand, Europe will be free of the constant English moralizing. Britain will be just another medium-sized country, albeit with nuclear weapons. #Brexit #EuropeanUnion
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat
what does it feel like to betray not just the 17.4 million who voted for #Brexit but the nation as a whole and to be the most distrusted PM in living memory?
#BREXIT deal: a sobering moment for Britain #BrexitShambles #Brexitcast
Meet ‘Posh George’: The Shady Money Man Tangled Up With Brexit, Russia, and Trump via
How can you say its irrelevant.. There isn't a hard brexit PM, if there was they would be in charge now. Brexit is dead in the water, they don't have the brains to see it through.
Brexit has unhinged so many - the psychological state of British political classes and commentariat is unrecognisable three years on from the start of this bloody awful episode.
Can we start a #fuckoffmacron ?
why are you not insisting that the government looks into this? And why are you not using your poweres to thoroughly investigate? WE DO NOT KNOW THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE and we need to #StopBrexit until we do
Both &amp; promised in their manifesto to #LeaveEU &amp; it is all MP’s who must realise that unless they implement #BRexit as promised they will be scraped into the bin at the next gen.election, first! 17.4 million voters will NOT forget the lies!
Can we get Charm to sort Brexit out? Brilliant #Dynasties
#fbpe twitter made flesh, what a bunch of morons
If you’re a Singer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Does the Brexit deal have to go through the House of Lords as well? Or is it like the US where only the Senate deals with most executive stuff? I know the Lords can't kill it, but they can send it back three times and waste even more time.
This is a terrible deal for the United Kingdom. Reject it, maintain your sovereignty, and join the United States in a real free trade agreement. You’ll realize greater benefit with us then you ever will with Europe. #Brexit #MAGA #tcot
The far Bastard is stocking up in case we all starve after Brexit.
These quotes below are the kind of stuff 17 million people believe(d) because they were either drunk or just stupid. There's a twilight zone and a zombie apocalypse for you. Should give you perspective, and try to remember what the original post is about. (It's about brexit)
The conservatives are not just a political party, they are an organisation similar to freemasonry. They play the long game, often waiting generations to put their plans into action. They (in background where power lays) are highly intelligent, motivated and calculating. #Brexit
The answers in this thread show a new level of idiocy.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks inve...
Perhaps the Brexit common's vote will be deferred because of this international incident?
Well done
Riots in France. Brexit teetering. And this is the best you can do? Journalism at its best. You most have been near the bottom of your class to get this assignment.
A GOOD DEAL????? Where is the Brexit that Leave voters voted for?? Only a PM that voted Remain could call this a good deal!!
A sad and stupid day
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues? - ABC News - via
In a competitive field, this is my favourite Brexit irony:
Seems has not been listening, heard her saying she couldn't please everyone...think the idea of 'delivering' #Brexit was to please the 52%, instead her fudge pleases 0%, what bit of that is she struggling with
We are literally at a stage where the Prime Minister is saying "this is all there is" and the Foreign Secretary is saying people should support the deal if they are bored with Brexit. What utter despair. #brexit
EU leaders seal Brexit deal, urge Britons to back May
Or Plt. can change the law - your tweet implied we have no choice, yet we do. There appears to be no mandate for any form of #Brexit in the &amp; they have the sovereign right not to accept the advisory ref. result, particularly with inc. evidence of ref. lawbreaking.
Stock pile soup and toilet rolls for #brexit
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit #SmartNews
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
Planet Brexit where Britannia rules the waves and the empire still exists
from depriving May of her majority to keeping both wings of lab to be in a position to vote down the withdrawl agreement I think Corbyn has done pretty well re Brexit. I think some ppl see Brexit as a stick to beat corbyn with. He sees it as stick to beat govt with.
I think no Brexit is looking like a distinct possibility
BBC News - Reality Check: #Brexit #withdrawalagreement - what it all means
I’m just concerned lots of educated/professional types are writing but are not mobilising or working to obstruct the Brexit project in whatever secret way they can. We have been bred into servility by a class of professional hucksters.
"I will be campaigning with my heart and soul to win that vote and to deliver this Brexit deal, for the good of my United Kingdom and all of our pensions and EU bonuses
brexit what? who’s coming africa then
The truth about Theresa May's Brexit deal is out there... if you look
That will give your child nightmares!
If we can't even get a proper Brexit from the Traitor May what hope have we got of stopping her signing this?
My clients are nervous, worried about trade and having to lay off people to be able to cope. My nurses and doctors friends are leaving, academics are leaving, I will probably follow... So very sad. Let's stop this. We must! #FinalSayForAll
French President Emmanual #Macron picks fight with Scots fishermen over post-Brexit deal
Time for Theresa May to attend a basic negotiation skills course ... what a pathetic failure! would have walked away.
When you’re trying to show people how you feel about the brexit deal
I've wiped my arse with more useful pieces of paper. #PeoplesVote #brexshit #Brexit #NoBrexit #Remain
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s Brexit “betrayal” via
Naïve thinking that Brexiteers are gullible and can't think for themselves. When the same labour voting communities were standing up to Thatcher, the left didn't think they were stupid and racist. Obviously things have happened that's made them look to Farage, Brexit etc.
Any Brexit sells out this country. It betrays our past &amp; damns our future.
Yes, unfortunately most of my fellow brits did vote leave. However no one knew what they were voting for, the negotiations of what brexit entails only started earlier this year, that vote was 2 years ago. Its a fucking farce.
You really believe all this claptrap you speak? The writing is on the wall for this sellout and Mark my words, you and other #tory MPs days are numbered. Real Conservatives like me are dumping party. Adios. #muppet #UsefulIdiot #NoDeal #BREXIT
The #Situationist International Part Deux; an international organization of social revolutionaries made up of avant-garde artists, intellectuals, and political theorists
May's Brexit Deal: EU Approves, Opposition Expected to Block It
I blame Brexit
Forced by what? Government has the monopoly over violence in our world currently and they enforce their rules often without properly consulting their people or having democratic votes, and even like with brexit when we vote to say fuck you to the globalists they still force us.
Kighthoods mean nothing these days as any wanker can get one Sent via
Tony Blair is looking out for Tony Blair - he is afraid that a Corbyn govt would investigate war crimes committed by Blair. His Brexit comments are designed to make him appear popular&amp;hope David Kelly&amp;Iraq scandals disappear.
President #Macron should stick to his problems at home and not interfere with British fishing if/when the UK leave: UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
May has destroyed our British democracy, changed it to eu so-called democracy ie dictatorship. she’s worked for big business not the people, the only Brexit available now is NO DEAL &amp; go to WTO trading. See The Spectator’s 40 hidden horrors in Mays Brexit deal. Engineered by eu.
The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked
Theresa May "This Is Fine" #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #TheresaMay
Instead of “having our cake and eating it” as promised, we’ve been delivered a shit sandwich. Surely it’s time to do the sensible thing and scrap this nonsense. #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
Allowing May to make us all poorer to feed her own egotistical grip on power is just madness, we need to abandon Brexit before it is too late.
Friends till the end... "Would market shock force parliament's hand on Brexit?" -
Scullion is on skunk or marching powder perhaps. Tory MPs without the courage to clear this mess themselves make the election of Uncle Fester and the Marxists much more likely as well as no Brexit ever and UK bankruptsy
The Scottish people already voted decisively to stay in the EU. The only vote Scotland needs now is the Indy vote to gain our freedom.
Bye, bye UK (and perhaps Theresa May).
Damn straight! #StopBrexit
No Deal, please. Xoxo Democracy
#BrexitReality: dont #BackTheBrexitDeal
Sad but true, #Brexit has to have been seen to have failed before labour will back full on #Remain. If not remain supporting MPs, voters, members and momentum will dethrone Corbyn (arch-brexiter).
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Best tweet on Brexit
Just for the avoidance of all doubt, if there was any, Sinn Féin MEP Martina Anderson says her party’s MPs will not take their seats in Westminster, even if it would make all the difference in a...
Wtf is wrong with the British voting public? Brexit? Anthony on X-factor? #disenfranchiseverybody #XFactor
Indeed. The "punishment beatings" by EU over #Brexit come in many different guises. This madness DEAL is only the start of the punitive musings of the New Order.
Brexit: EU leaders back Theresa May's deal in Brussels #
Wish #FarRight stop claiming her #bad #Brexit is the only possible deal which isn't #true look at the deals #Norway #Sweden &amp; #Canada have gotten from they clearly don't like you or your Russian funded party #ToriesOut #UnfitToGovern #GTTO
Army's plans to put troops on the streets in wake of a No Deal Brexit via
#Brexit is not practical
Fuck off back to your wheat fields Theresa!
It all comes down to this. Brexit is really rubbish but this is all we can get. I disagree, we can still remain
French President Macron lays down the law on a Brexit trade deal for the UK via ForexLive
French President Macron lays down the law on a Brexit trade deal for the UK
Insert #Brexit joke of your choice
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (7) Why would anyone who loves Britain (and some Guardian readers will actually be embarrassed by that phrase) want British people to feel so dominated by foreign decision.
No it does not work for the UK it works for the EU and Martin Howe is correct that we will be trapped in a nightmare. May has given away our sovereignty
I reject your letter and I reject YOUR (remain) version of Brexit.
But why go through with something that could cause this type of disruption in addition to many other problems? The whole Brexit debate has turned into a boast we can survive it, often with comparisons to war. It's totally mad. We don't have to do it at all.
You didn’t mention how we have massively overfished over decades so stocks are only at around 1% of what they were 200years ago and nobody even understands what a healthy marine ecosystem looks like any more. Brexit won’t affect that.
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP Great statement!
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?: Prime Minister Theresa May…
You don’t think a tremendously unpopular treaty that will drastically change your country’s future deserves a closer look. Your Brexit vote was compromised by foreign intervention.
Sorry I've just become a brexit retweet account.
Unfortunately this is why most people voted out.... wrongly! James O'Brien's Caller Voted Brexit Because There Are "Too Many Brown Fa... via
Actually we want to sink Brexit, not lose our freedom of movement or human rights or consumer protections and maintain our influence in the world...I would rather stick a pineapple up my arse (sideways) than back your deal
Blimey, is Sadiq Khan the Mayor of London? I thought he was the deputy shadow Brexit Secretary?
BBC News - Brexit: What is the SNP's Brexit policy?
Geddit?
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
May’s Brexit deal: the legal verdict | The Spectator May’s Brexit deal: the legal verdict on The Spectator | The most important point about the draft Brexit withdrawal agreement is that, once it is ratified…
Those colleagues are duplicitous fakes. We want a WTO Brexit.
Anthony Russell is like Brexit, none wanted it but no one voted against it.#XFactor
The best part of this is how vague it is "Brexit would not have played out as it has." Fill in the blanks however you want as long as you blame Corbyn.
Oh, do STFU, #Farage You’ve done enough damage already. Only complete fucking imbeciles and economic retards think no deal and WTO is a #Brexit option.
2/3 what happens to the political settlement itself depends on a number of factors. There's no logical reason it should collapse, although even at the moment the parliament is in chaos(for other reasons)Problem with Brexit is it might give nationalists an opportunity to push
EU agrees to 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May (function(){ var id = ...
Or this ....
‘Britain has never been ruled by anyone else’ says Andrew Marr. 1066? Roman /subsequent invasions? Glorious Revolution?
Seems are being obtuse, most likely deliberately. EU27 have said there are no more negotiations, and to (mis)quote the PM, Brexit deal means Brexit deal. Get behind the programme #peoplesvote or better still withdraw A50
Can we get Charm as our PM? She'd piss this brexit malarkey #Dynasties
End of #May #imzentrum #brexit
The greatest issue facing Britain from #Brexit is no longer about how we leave the EU, it's about whether we leave the EU at all. The true #BrexitReality is that Brexit is a matter of whether we are a #Democracy anymore. Who decides our future? The people or Parliament?
A Labour deal that is incoherent and slapped down by the EU as cakeism. Labour the once great political party now reduced to an embarrassing, shambolic, incompetent mess with a clueless front bench.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
May's plan is the worst possible BRINO &amp; you know it. There was never a genuine intention to deliver Brexit.
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
Don't forget the Brexit Festival
First Brexit and now this. Boooo! #XFactor
20/n "Brexit poll reveals the majority of Brexiteers' constituents would now vote Remain" - Sunday Mirror reporting on new largish poll by (pro-remain) :
Manipulated Masses by online hate groups. We need a Tijuana-Brexit Also, fuckyou facebook.
Here's a plan B
A no deal brexit is good? Good grief!
Eg. "I voted for Brexit as an act of solidarity for the poor people in my area of London," surely should have been followed up with " So why would the prediction of Brexit causing the economy to shrink help those people?"
May’s Brexit deal: 40 rebuttals to Downing Street’s 40 ... Brexit: The final deal? Spectator Events ... This would create inconsistency and legal uncertainty. ... Jacob Rees-Mogg’s withering verdict on May’s Brexit deal.
Brexit has made me so fucking angry I can't swear enough to justly get across my contempt for the vast numbers of shithead gammon pisstaker fuckheads who have crapped on our future and friends
May is putting women politicians back to the old days. Her ‘best is pathetic.
In case you need another reason to protect the GIFT that is the NHS #savetheNHS #Brexit
You don’t think a tremendously unpopular treaty that will drastically change your country’s future deserves a closer look? Your Brexit vote was compromised by foreign intervention.
The good thing about today is this might give momentum to #PeoplesVote. This deal wont pass Parliament. Remain vs Full Brexit re-referendum still not impossible.
With the possibility of a Government collapse if Theresa May fails to get her #BrexitDeal through the commons - how do you think #Labour will be voting? In the National interest? Or their own interest - by ignoring #Brexit and plunging the U.K into another general election
If the British parliament say no to the Brexit deal now... constitutional crisis?!?!? Doesn't really bear thinking about right now.
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
The further impoverishment of those who are already the most vulnerable as a result of this deal is what will stir deep anger and resentment. You think it was OK to follow Rees Mogg to vote for Brexit but not to follow him in rejecting this bad deal? Where’s the logic in that?
Then it’s No Deal. The other 2 are not Brexit.
Lacking a figurehead maybe but with lots of grassroots support. Exact opposite of pro-Brexit side. Who on earth is going to campaign for May’s deal?
Brexit deal explained: backstops, trade and citizens' rights
I would definitely join a protest. Non violent of course. But I would pound the streets for our democracy. So would millions.
No deal Brexit so that we can deal with the WTO
The Week Ahead – Brexit, the FED and the G20 to Hit the Markets
We won Waterloo, we won WW1, we won WW2... I fear that our politicians will loose what is in all but name, WW3 - economic war. If we sign #brexit we lose better long term with no deal.
Brexit: UK Parliament is expected to vote on the 12th December
#Brexit is entirely about sovereignty as the Brexiteers said. But it is all about relinquishing sovereignty not taking back control, as promised. A slow protracted painful experience which will, if not stopped destroy the Tory Party and the country.
Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power | The Independent
Using the SNP &amp; an independence referendum is nothing more than desperation to try gain support to back a non credible brexit deal. Can tell when you talk shit your lips move.
Costupper Brexit Minimart Home of the worst deal ever Selling 'Freshly Chlorinated Chicken' and 'I Can't Believe The Price Of Butter '
And Sterling has corrected since the Brexit vote - 14.7% lower vs the Dollar, 16.4% lower vs the Euro. I make that a 0.7% - 2.4% advantage for UK car manufacturers overall.
Brexit Bonus Update!
No deal would cause severe economic harm. How do you know? Voting for Brexit was supposed to do that? Not joining the euro was supposed to do that? How do you know?
Four more years of Tory government will do more damage to society than a Labour negotiated Brexit.
Brexit deal uncertainty
We need to do more than fight Brexit. We need to change the country for the better regardless. There's millions of us. We can do it, and make England, especially, more open and beneficial to everyone's children.
I note that you can make water perfectly safe to drink by filtering it and adding a small amount of one cheap, common chemical to it. #FuckProjectFear
It's still taking my remote a couple of seconds to respond and change channels whenever the PM speaks about Brexit.
I really don't want to support the idiots who think they are stronger w/o EU and those who seek for their fiscal and economic benefits w/#Brexit. But I'd love to support the innocent Youngs who failed to vote Remain. Idiots!
IF goes into the GE promising to press ahead with leaving the EU the party will split, and Corby's pro-Brexit rump will be by far the smaller. Good bloody riddance.
Watch: Jacob Rees-Mogg’s withering verdict on May’s Brexit ... Only a handful of MPs have spoken up in support of Theresa May’s Brexit deal in the ... 2018. 11:45 AM. 15 ... maintain the integrity of the United Kingdom.
This is May's idea of a good Brexit! I'd rather have the bad version and leave on WTO rules, which would be a far better deal than she's come up with!
Dark arts will be used to win support for the prime minister’s plan. But the key question is what happens when MPs reject it | Matthew d’Ancona | Opinion | The Guardian
“Labour strategists believe they cannot get to the 45% or so of the vote they would need to win the next election if they are seen to represent only what they jokingly refer to as Remoania” Fuck you Labour #fuckyoulabour
I Strongly support leaving the #EU WITHOUT a deal. The have shown a complete failure to deliver on #Brexit . I pledge I will never again vote for the #Tories in another election - be it local or national, should this blatant betrayal succeed.
The most important video anyone could have watched prior to the referendum. He tried to tell you. I tried to tell people. No one listened. #theeraofexpertsisover #brexit
I reckon a three option, second preference type, ‘Peoples’ Vote’ would result in a No-Deal Brexit.
The problem with this line is that for t to be true, you have to be saying that Yvette Cooper - who has rebelled against Corbyn line on Syria and tax cuts - didn’t rebel on Brexit, but wanted to because of magic reasons.
Well done Macron for totally sabotaging the withdrawal agreement. No way could it be passed in the House of Commons now.
Brexit ...NOW WHAT HAPPENS? Discuss/Your voice matters to us NOW WHAT? London DEC4 Paris DEC6 , SILICON VALLEY JAN17, Washington JAN30, Manhattan FEB1, Fort Lauderdale MARCH1, Germany APRIL1 at Mer…
Our political and physical existence was never at risk either; it is only through Brexit process that dissolution of the Union becomes a real risk, and only because this shit idea of making everyone poorer was rejected by the people of Scotland and NI; and they are being ignored
The people are now remain, they’ve changed their minds. May’s plan will die. The people will throw out brexit when faced with the cliff edge. END/
Stepping over the line of unbiased bbc reporting . Remember the project fear doomsday forecasts pre referendum vote ? All turned out nonsense . Nobody knows how economy will perform in future brexit or no brexit , not impossible to use eu funds for nhs,
I hope for Brexit are keeping a list of these MPs. They need to be called out and their constituents asked to share their feelings with them. They are trying to take the country and the Conservative party into oblivion
Once again: #Brexit is a Putin-Trump project.
Hope them that voted for Brexit “cause they keep coming here and taking our jobs” at least feel incredibly guilty for how badly they have fucked everyone up
Brexit: Theresa May’s ‘letter to the nation’ in full – BBC News
Amid incompetent British MPs, this is leadership
You would be surprised - plenty of the people I work with say they are bored with Brexit, don’t watch the news, just want it sorted. Very disappointing, but there we are.
Well said.
I mean she could actually ask us our response with a vote
Veto us leaving the customs union. What was brexit about?
We aren't going anywhere. The will of the people will stop this in its tracks. Brexit will not only divide Europe, it's dividing this country. P.s. can I have an EU passport please? I don't see why I should have my EU citizenship revoked because of lying fuckers like Farage.
#BrexitReality: dont #BackTheBrexitDeal
Theresa May is leading Britain to disaster. What she calls "Brexit is Brexit" bears no resemblance to what anybody else ever wanted. Help us stop here before it's too late.
Tony Blair's 'sayings' are an irrelevance. He is desperate to halt brexit.
The UK will be WORSE off with *any* Brexit deal. That’s the nature of Brexit. Some day Labour might be willing to acknowledge that. I hope it won’t be too late.
Here is a record of *all 73 votes Labour voted against Brexit in, plus the 11 they abstained on, since Article 50. They havent voted *with Govt* once in that time. Again - they are all itemised. You can check.
More people in Scotland voted fir Brexit than the SNP, but let us not let facts get in the way.
#Brexit is nothing if not a raging set of repeated contradictions.
Britain's May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
He'd have to be sober to think, that's why. Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Juncker
A cabinet that believes in and will deliver a genuine brexit, must follow the voting down of this deal. Cross party if necessary.
This looks like politics in 1978 not 2018. #brexit
Because it shows how small minded your position on Brexit is for the wider party. Northern member here in a (currently) safe seat - defying the result will destroy the voter base. As a Labour member, pining for the EU from Bournemouth is like holding a gun to your head.
You deserve it Tony and the child deserves it even more!
A no deal brexit is good? Good grief!
UK needs the EU, as America offers uncertainty. EU need UK, so that the US will not get to gobble it up.
only a few days left before once again departing to mainland Europe, this time I will not return to blighty; no more insane house prices, no more awful public transport, no more dreadful food, no more brexit xenophobes, no more slow de-industrialisation.
Maybe time to stop having a go at one another and collectively have a go at the incompetent politicians that set-up the referendum before running away, spent years dithering and doing sweet FA before selling out with some sort of deal that nobody understands or wants. #Brexit
As if it wasn't bad enough getting junk mail from Cameron #Brexit
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal
You know, like, you walk around London and ask yourself, why? #Brexit
I certainly do not consider myself divorced from Europe, nor do zillions of others of us in UK. Nor is there any intention of giving up the anti-Brexit fight.
Which MPs backed May’s Brexit deal and who has vowed to ... Theresa May spent three hours on her feet in the Commons defending her Brexit deal. ... contain legal clause on ... the integrity of the United Kingdom?
I agree. The most sensible alternative, for the UK, is to stop this Brexit insanity. He is the leader of the Tory Branch in Scotland and if he had any sense of honour then that is what he would say, but naw.. all he’s interested in is keeping his nice fat paycheck, reminds me of:
Good thread about how New Labour created and pandered to the hatred of immigrants that lead to Brexit.
Genuine question: do the Anti-Brexit Labour supporters feel they've been made absolute fools of by the party? Is that why there's a flood of "well the EU's shit anyway" sour grapes comments?
#Brexit is nothing if not a raging set of repeated contradictions.
Fingers crossed and everything else.
She should resign just for this let alone Brexit. Shameful and astonishing from May.
Cameron never considered his Brexit referendum would ever be hijacked by a Russian psy-op and now we're here with half the country still tricked into believing we aren't being played with and distracted.
Personal pledge: Should I ever stand for Parliament again I shall, if elected, do everything in my power to stop or REVERSE Brexit. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #DemandBetter
The topic is Brexit. You talked about “cheap foreign labour going home” in that context. You can’t substantiate your claim. Instead, you obfuscate. Off you pop, mate.
Dam brexit hard as a rock
I think in many ways it's Brexiters who have driven us to infantilise the discussion about Brexit. It's very hard to rise above that. I suppose the real question is "what kind of language does stand a chance of getting through?"
It is language like that which proves we will never been unified again. In destroying our relationship with the EU, we have destroyed ourselves.
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Theresa May’s Brexit begging letter to the nation: A pack of lies and a pitiful plea for approval
Sounds like a perfectly engineered distraction. Maybe UK 's new brexit secretary driving the Ukrainian tug to try get the deal through.
It isn't only Labour feeling fragile, but the UK left. Greens are broadly to the left of Labour, but we see EU membership differently to the Labour leadership. The unspoken ghost at the Brexit feast is the ecological crisis. It's a key reason to maintain European collaboration.
Despite Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU's defence agenda | BrexitCentral. This is the Conservative Party with their stooge Theresa May. Wake up people
It offers the purgatory of a permanent Hotel California.
On behalf of the young, the ambitious, the adventurous, the curious, the tolerant and the decent. Damn you and your xenophobia and intolerance Theresa May #Brexit
That's why their coverage on Brexit has been pro government.
What Brexit can teach us about thinking through risky situations: via
No no no leave had the most votes by over a million, we voted to LEAVE. you got in power because NI propped you up. HOPEFULLY they will retract that.
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
If Britain decided not to Brexit - wouldn't there be an enormous EU fine to pay for two year's wasted time, expenses, not to mention the compensation claims through Courts for businesses lost &amp; damage to both the £ &amp; €? Wouldn't that bankrupt Britain??
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (8) Why would anybody want to demoralize British people in that way? It's something which could only be done by someone with hatred in their heart for British people.
May’s Brexit deal: the legal verdict
Meanwhile, the globalist Emperor's subjects are rioting in the streets #Brexit
Go now
Why not? Tony Blair made millions, George Osborne is ok, David Cameron is ok.
If you put Brexit on 500+ pages it suddenly doesn't look like the infinite cake.
Briefing by #Germany's Ch #Merkel following Special mtg on #Article50 #Brexit #Diplomacy140
#Brexit: #UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal' - BBC News
That only guarantees about two of his parties votes! #StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
Dear fellow, in what way is brexit in the national interest? Will we be better off as individuals and as a nation. Will other nations look upon us as an example to follow. Will our standing in the world be immesurably enhanced. What's good about brexit?
French President Macron lays down the law on a Brexit trade deal for the UK
#EU agrees 'best possible' #Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
At what point do these idiots listen to themselves and say ‘you know what, this is ridiculous, let’s just stop this folly now!’ #PeoplesVoteNow #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
#EU agrees 'best possible' #Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
Don’t know why mainstream UK media have failed to dig and probe into WTO and left it all to us. Mauritania is the only country in the world that trades solely under WTO rules: #BackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit #business #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit - Reuters
A surefire recipe for failure: Try to please everyone. #Brexit
She’s still talking, then!
And Scotland needs the same right to leave the UK if it so chooses; we voted to REMAIN in EU and should have a choice about our future! #EUmembers or #BrexitBritain #ScotRef
Absolute twoddle
Best argument to abandon Brexit I have ever heard. Bravo and respect Julia.
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
NO BREXIT !
EU Endorses Brexit Divorce Deal, But Hard Work is Ahead
Theresa May will do or destroy anything to stop freedom of movement. Hostile environment and go home vans are all in her Brexit dystopia.
I start clean from top to down .... I start with Brexit we will stop it after we will unseat conservative . 78% of Labour's memebrs support people's vote.
If they continue putting party above country, they won't win anything.
Stupid woman. It is in the Oxford English Dictionary! It is not bad language but Brexit is a bad idea!
Fuck Brexit - Fuck racism - fuck Tories!
Last 2 RTs. A plague on both their houses. #Brexit
At last. But this isn't final. EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit -
Oh wow! Bet he thinks he’s such a hero for this.
Brexit, X Factor .... anything really
What he said
Sources said on #Brexit ‘EU's Focus on No-Deal Brexit Preparations is 'the Only Plan B’
A boardroom seat in the EU, or vassalage (that word again) within the US sphere of influence. ...But looking at the Brexit-at-any-cost, Atlanticist dramatis personae and the company they keep, this might have always been the actual goal.
Polling has already shown people across party affiliations would sacrifice greater national pursuit of wealth if it meant society would be more equal. Why do you not think they would do the same to make government more democratic via #Brexit? Too inconvenient a truth, perhaps?
Well done, EU! Let them go if they want to. You'll do just fine. #Brexit
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
Richard Curran: 'Don't expect May to resign if Westminster sinks her #Brexit deal'
They just keep on with this crap, even after the GE. The number of media voices I used to respect, my God
Then step up to the plate Moggy. There a lot of people who wanted you to pick up the reigns from day 1!!
I understand your point but the reality is that a general election now would still end up being all about Brexit. We need to put that issue to bed and get on with the work that needs doing to save our country from austerity.
Cameron ran away from the people's vote,where would you be without Brexit? You are supposed to represent this proud nation yet you are happy to enslave us to an unelected dictatorship!
You only need a small black tash and we have another dictator....
More lies eh . What a piece of work you are. The are history
Emmanual #Macron picks fight with Scots fishermen over post-Brexit deal
Also the previous leader to Corbyn lost a General election to the Tories who were promising a referendum. So the any other leader nonsense is palpably untrue. On Brexit, leadership has been shown on Brexit it just hapoens not to be the leadership his detractors crave.
Thanks to "Kompromat" commentators like you. Loving Brexit, loving Putin.
The idea that Brexit strengthens the Union is a novel one. I had understood splitting the UK was regarded as an acceptable price to pay for Brexit. Now I am told Brexit will preserve the UK. It’s all a bit Orwellian in your mind!
'Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power'
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
Scary - must be right as the last election demonstrated her connection with &amp; deep understanding of British electors. #brexit
Am I sad or happy that EU leaders have agreed to a Brexit deal? Yes.
Speaking to the BBC's Katya Adler, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said the Brexit deal drafted by Prime Minister Theresa May is "the best deal possible for Britain." No it isn’t. The best deal possible is the one we currently have as a full member of the EU.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all
She is as much a Tory as Blair up to her 1 vote is nothing .
It’s called irony thicko. Brexit anti immigrant theme thrown straight back at a prominent supporter. Strange how you don’t like it. Racist? You said it, mate not me.
It doesn't hurt to remind ourselves of the frightening sheer fanaticism of the EU.
Democracy is not a one off occasion. Btw referendums are not legally binding, so legally the Government can ignore the results.
This must happen. Corbyn cannot be allowed to determine Labour policy any more, as he does not command the support of most Labour voters on Brexit. Force him to back a PV, and if he doesn't like it he can resign. Enough is enough.
For absolute avoidance of doubt, where did Jeremy Corbyn make this speech today?
The perfect Brexit storm will consume the Maybot. #NoBrexit #PeoplesVote
How Scotland’s science minister aims to protect research from Brexit
I don’t have grandchildren - but I feel very sad for everyone else’s children and grandchildren for the rights they are losing.
Brexit: Theresa May secures agreement with European leaders, but hard work starts at home
Surely the fact that she has been telling the whole UK multiple lies should be enough to put May in prison and banned from representing the UK ever again in any capacity above giving out parking tickets. Parliament must throw out the whole deal and settle for no deal Brexit.
EU&amp;#39;s only Plan B is preparing no-deal Brexit: official: The European… ExcitingAds! News
If the UK is going to leave, they want them to get on with it, but it is not good for the EU's long term future for the UK to have a "successful Brexit", however you interpret that.
"Britain must agree to give up fishing rights &amp; follow EU regulations or face being indefinitely trapped in a customs union, Macron warned today. The EU will use a controversial customs backstop in the draft withdrawal treaty to win more concessions....
Twitter, facebook employ a great Liberal / left wing moderators. For last 8 weeks they have been targeting supporters of Trump, Theresa May &amp; Brexit by searching for the slightest odd comment &amp; reporting. Don't despair the UK has taken unprecedented steps, seized papers, data.
Theresa May Bets the House on Campaign to Win Brexit Deal Vote: Theresa… ExcitingAds! News
Do some work on what causes resurgent extreme right wing movements. Hint: it’s growing inequality and economic meltdown, nothing Brexit will solve and everything it will exacerbate. Go do your job and get shot of Brexit or this chaos will be on your head as one of the MP’s
Topaz lady! 17 million people voted to Leave and were told their wishes would be honoured. Theresa has succumbed totally to the EU school bully. Clare Perry and her chums are now telling us that we must choose between its sad capitulation or no Brexit!
Fack-ade London: the face of Brexit Britain. Offshore developers reducing historic London to cack-ades in deregulation dreamland. #McMafia
What a P...ker . Title Dr and MP says it all”Elite “.....
Which bit of " stupid " do you not understand? It's this deal , far from good , no deal ..apparently not advisable, or NO BREXIT! If as likely it's the latter, let's be under no illusion for the Labour voting brexiteers, that's down to clueless Corbyn and his grubby team.
Average tariffs are entirely irrelevant at around 3%. Not one would make a UK good more expensive to purchase vs its price in sterling pre Brexit.
When you're on your death bed looking back on what a mess brexit has made of your country, will you have any regrets Pete?
Change this to ‘The Conservatives’ and Theresa May’, and this is the way we feel too.
And that leads to how the 2016 referendum conducted, manipulation of public opinion, May’s snap election and the targeting of certain seats, conduct of her minority government, timing of article 50 notice, conduct of Brexit negotiations and her entire mindset as PM.
Theresa May refuses to say her deal is better than staying in EU
A clever theory, but I don’t buy it. With an aggressively Pro-EU Labour, Tory Remain rebels would have gained much more confidence. May would have had to start appeasing them. The Tory Party would have been strained to breaking point by now.
One set of views on market response to Brexit
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
Brexit is just a sideshow. A bigger danger for the European Union looms from the east | CBC News
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
A real achievement! Theresa May becomes the first prime minister to actively remove rights from all British subjects! In 2018 ,This is not progress! And What's next......our workers rights?
If you’re a #Leaver, a fan or someone who believes Farage is a decent bloke, sit down and read this. “Farage is “phenomenally useful for the Russian government,” Ben Nimmo, a leading researcher into Russian online propaganda”
More lies I’m afraid
May wants #Brexit to end freedom of movement "in full and once and for all". This is beyond effed up... now British tourists will queue up for expensive visas - there go your cheap holidays! And that's just the beginning. #BrexitShambles
For anyone who can still has the energy - here is the legal unpeel of the May agreement, as clearly I have seen it laid out. What a mess it must be when one’s Prime Minister is telling lies, bare-faced, to her public (or, worse, she doesn’t understand it ?!). Utterly low-grade
Such a drama queen Macron is. Brexit: Emmanuel Macron in EU customs union threat to Scottish fishing
Excuse me. The entire point of using Cambridge Analytica was to influence the election in the U.S., just as it did in the U.K with Brexit. So, yes, you do have a moral duty to leave. You convinced me. So HonestAds is leaving it today, too.
'Better than No Deal' is the only selling point he can think of
Mad that following a Brexit vote based on fear and resentment against foreigners and migrants that thousands and thousands of young Brits are going to have to emigrate to find a better life.
She'll say ANYTHING to get her own way!
We need to just fucking drop this Brexit shit and stay in EU. It is utter fucking madness.
The backstop keeps us locked in with zero incentive to offer us a FTA. Why would they give us a deal that lets us thrive, when they have control? It’s literally the most stupid deal ever, and not Brexit. Our only hope now is a clean WTO Brexit, which forces a decent FTA.
things are brewing
She has no choice in the matter. If she doesn't agree, she doesn't get a deal and by agreeing she pisses off the hard brexit MP's - it's a lose/lose for everyone. She'll lose the vote and we'll likely be having an election early 2019.
Theresa May refuses to say her deal is better than staying in EU.
This is why a #PeoplesVote Is essential. A red unicorn is no better than a blue one ... "The leadership is clear it would want to go into an election promising to press ahead with leaving the EU, but strike a less economically damaging deal" #StopBrexit
Yesterday ...... you see, if you #TrustMay and feel in your bones that she knows something we're not being told... Ukraine fits in perfectly... And Hedges and MBS and Syria and the most repugnant (purportedly) Remain for ever friendly #Brexitshambles and Trump and NATO #linked
I really wish the BBC would just tell it like it is and say “The Prime Minister is lying to the country”
The Tories and austerity, that's what happened. Oh, and #brexit
If this - beyond dreadful - Brexit deal goes through parliament, it will be MORE divisive and uncertain for years, and tears, as we negotiate the myriad crappy deals. Not less. We could vote, with an option to remain and all. this. would. stop. #Iwouldputgoodmoneyonthat
Nick Miller: Brexit deal is a depressing masterpiece of political theatre
I also fail to see why MP's/Lords are not forced to declare a conflict of interest re: receipt of EU salaries, pensions or funding. Where they declare a conflict then they should have parliamentary voting rights removed on all matters relating to Brexit.
I agree with about #brexit but #dragonsden really is the most disgusting programme, and says everything about the way capitalism in the UK works. horrible
Doesn't extend as far as this chap thinks though.
Very interesting thread...
Thank goodness no Newspapers will be able to be printed after Brexit .what a good reason to leave with no deal.
FL: French President Macron lays down the law on a Brexit trade deal for the UK November 25, 2018 at 08:48PM
Write to your MP and demand a
“U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May: "This is the deal that is on the table," she said. "It is the best possible deal. It is the only deal." “Now that the EU has approved it, May must sell the deal to British parliamentarians May said Parliament would get a vote before Christmas”
Our #Manufacturing and #Engineering newsletter talks about what you might like to consider re #VAT and #Brexit
Our Remainer PM and her cronies have sold the UK down the river - Macron, Merkel and the rest of them must be pissing themselves. Thanks Remoaners - perhaps if you’d just shut up and accepted the Referendum result, maybe we could have just focussed on getting the right deal done.
Correct &amp; there is nothing more certain than a no-deal Brexit......
Beautiful
Mrs May said: The deal has something for everyone, Leavers and Remainers alike....what? I thought it was the Leavers who won? So it should be all about the Leavers desires?
'as it now stands'??? You think a few tweaks will make it acceptable?? There is NO GOOD BREXIT. Pretending otherwise is irresponsible.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
It is time to campaign to chuck out every single remainer mp in brexit voting areas - BLOODY COMPLY WITH THE REFERENDUM RESULT IN 2016 'deal'capitulation to the EU IS NOT LEAVING THE EU
DUP boss Arlene Foster warns Theresa May she could lose her job if she presses ahead with Brexit deal
Don't look back in anger: did Britpop cause Brexit?
Which shows how unrepresentative she is of the rest of us
This poll is still up and running although Twitter tampered with it and removed 11,000+ votes. #LIBERTY
Yes if the leader of the opposition was different the situation would be different...
And you think he is kidding? #SNP #EU vassalisation policy leading to the establishment of the fourth Riech. #indyref2 #DissolveTheUnion #indyref #Brexit
It Would Be "Impossible" To Renegotiate Brexit Withdrawal Deal Warns Italian MEP - LBC #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit #bbcqt
There never has been nor ever will be a “good” Brexit deal. That has been clear all along. If you are a small country negotiating with a huge powerful and wealthy organisation of many countries then your no going to get anything! And no deal is suicide.
And I still don't know what would campaign on if they get their general election, or if it goes to a #PeoplesVote. Strange times. May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
We have broken ourselves anyway. We are basically tearing each other apart. The isolationists vs globalists.
Jessica, your pain over Brexit has so many similarities with our Trump-pain. The two even have related causes. Been following this Brit rolling disaster through your revealing tweets.
One of the most compelling reasons for Scottish independence post Brexit is that no people should be daft enough or rich enough to pay for 4 levels of Govt. You only need one to stuff things up.
EU seals Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May:
If by ‘equal for all’ do you mean that as a result of this batshit crazy Brexit now no one will have the benefits of freedom of movement, opportunities to live, study and work? That’s hardly a step forward is it? No one gains one single iota from any of this. It is a tragedy.
BBC News - Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Juncker
Dead right, Will. Whatever happens - I am not super hopeful at the moment - we will not forget Corbyn's utterly pathetic and cynical behaviour.
Never too late to change your mind #Brexit #bbc #itn #BrexitDeal #BBCBusiness #laurakuens
Theresa May’s Brexit begging letter to the nation: A pack of lies and a pitiful plea for approval
I'm heartbroken about Brexit. It'd be a disaster for both UK and EU.
Hi. I'm from Ireland and I used to do all my shoppin from since theres no dedicated .ie site we get redirected to uk site. After brexit, is there going to be any changes to the way we shop, perhaps you're planning on opening a dedicated EU shop?
After 17 months of Brexit negotiations and a deal with the EU, Theresa May isn't yet half-way there
I thought we had a conference which decided policy?
Earlier this year, Jeremy Corbyn’s critics used antisemitism as a smokescreen to launch personal and puerile attacks against him This tactic failed, so now they are using Brexit Thankfully, many people have seen through these pathetic smears orchestrated by the establishment
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Fantastic!
Latest: Dispute over Gibraltar had threatened to derail Brexit deal
Brexit, but Cat In...
If I was in charge of the Brexit negotiations, I’d probably just sit there in Brussels saying “errrm” for a bit, go to get a coffee, and not come back. #brexit
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
On second thoughts this should do OK. Not everyone will get ALL what they want, especially as so many have diametrically opposite viewpoints. Better to accept...
will you never answer a question properly
Let not get behind May capitulation to a EU dictatorship. Let have a real BREXIT or we will be over run by migrant invaders have mass riots in the streets like France. Now many women in one night got sexually assaulted in one city in Germany after Merkel let in a million migrants
Not the brexit I voted for
You forget: Brexit is massive to the UK. To the EU, it’s not in the top ten most important issues.
DO something if you care about our sovereignty
The Brexit is a black hoax and a disgrace to Europe. Thanks to Thérèse May.
#IDEVAW and women are seen as easy targets for the racists who have been legitimised by the hostile immigration environment and Brexit.
I think she &amp;Brussels have always been hoping it fail so they can manufacture a new vote which Remain win or just cancel the whole thing. She doesn't really care about UK future - she'll be gone in 20 years or less - so don't expect her to give a shit about the Tories either
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
That much has been blindingly obvious for a very long time. The question is, what are you going to actually do about it?
The latest Risks! Thanks to #implantfiles #brexit
Theresa May has written a “letter to the nation” begging the public to support her Brexit deal, which has been signed off by EU leaders but could be voted down in Parliament by Tory Brexiteers and Northern Ireland’s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
Dear , like most people in the UK I'll not stay silent whilst you try to implement Britain's Versailles. The people will not abandon their sovereignty because they're "bored with Brexit". "Resilient" you may be but competent you are not. #NoDeal #Brexit
(UK) According to Telegraph UK Cabinet ministers and EU diplomats are secretly drawing up a “Plan B” proposal for Brexit based on looming assumption that PM May deal will be blocked by Parliament (More at
I could live with that. What do you think ?
“Lynne I’m not driving a Mini Metro”
‘The only possible deal’: May starts hard sell of Brexit back home after EU approval
FFS stop dicking about. Support a #PeoplesVote or just STFU
Historical nonsense underpins UK’s Brexit floundering via
They'll kick May out and Johnson has already secured himself a majority in parliament with the DUP. Not sure what happens with regards to Brexit then, but I can't see it leading to a GE. I reckon he'll bin Brexit as he won't want to be left holding it
This will be interesting. Voluntarily grabbing the shitty end of the #brexit stick.
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected - May DEAL#
The latest The Christian Daily! Thanks to #sundaymorning #brexit
SOROS is probably paying people to sit there and retweet.
The day that Theresa May triggered article 50, 29 March 2017, a journo from Breitbart, cofounded by Steve Bannon, caught Farage with a pint of beer, outside a pub, beaming. He lifts his glass to the camera. “Well done, Bannon. Well done, Breitbart. You helped with this hugely."
Plus reveals the English nationalism at the heart of the Brexit project.
No you folks have... No you folks have... No you folks have Etc, etc etc You're reducing the debate on Westminster to a pantomime. Which, in the wake of brexit, seems about right.
“Has a prime minister ever worked so hard and expended so much political capital to slash a nation’s power, restrain freedom for its citizens, frustrate businesses and reduce economic strength?” Asks on behalf of pretty much everyone.
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Most of them voted for the pair of unicorns called quick and easy carrying the take back control of the mythical millions from Johnny Foreigner sign ... mostly just stupid buzzwords they’d been convinced were the cause of their hardship by malign media moguls ...
This now goes beyond #Brexit it's about sovereignty.
Despite brexit...
What is Brexit? If you ask the 17.4m, you won't get the same answer from everyone. You won't even find that all of them support it now. Especially the swing voters, of which there are many.
The UK will be worse off with Brexit. Why are Labour supporting it? Is it not just Corbyn fantasy to think voting for something worse would turn out better than being in?
More subterfuge! If the Treasury civil servants are modelling a Plan B based on EEA, it will be the same deal as May's WA, revamped! Time to bring this betrayal to an end! cannot be trusted to deliver the #Brexit the UK electorate voted for!
Great stuff Dehenna!
Jeremy Hunt admits it's 'challenging' to secure MPs support for May's Brexit deal as DUP vow to oppose her “I think what all my colleagues will be doing is thinking what is in the national interest.” #PeoplesVote
If its the Emperor Penguins new Brexit clothes I would prefer to be a lion.
Nah..not us British we are well use to shooting down Junkers...
Don’t be ridiculous. The position we are in is simply because the bexiteers have been excluded from the process, and the remain PM , MPs , civil service etc have tried to destroy Brexit.
And of course your strategy of attacking your own Party's position on Twitter will stop Brexit in it's tracks!
Try to do a difficult job a a result of #Brexit the most stupid policy in a generation
Scratch beneath the surface of the hail- fellow- well- met persona of Nigel Farage and you find an Oswald Moseley figure with difficult questions he either can't or won't answer...
May’s Brexit deal does not end supremacy of CJEU - see para 134 of the Declaration where it is clear it stays as final court of appeal above and beyond independent panel. Utter lies.
Any MP voting for #TheresaMay fudge just so can put party before country?
I agree. But with respect the real problem is not the person, its the policy. #Brexit is a disaster.
If A50 rescinded but Withdrawal Bill not repealed then presumably EU law would still retain supremacy come (non)Brexit day.
So Labour is aiming to trigger a national election and in doing so are trying to derail Brexit, get us a bad deal. Vote down the deal, play coy with the idea of a second referendum and act outside of the nation's best interests. Corbyn, stop playing fast and loose with our lives.
Wonder if she’ll be dropping in on Vauxhall in Ellesmere Port, where 250 more jobs have been shed? Or Llanelli, where the town’s main employer has pulled out, both citing Brexit.
Jane do you really see british workers cleaning hotel rooms on a Sunday morning?European immigration may stop to be replaced by workers from the third world The brexit question was simple "do you want to gamble?" Looking at the brexit side not wanting this deal we have all lost
AS: ‘Almost Nothing Is #True’: Scotland’s #Sturgeon on #UK #PM May’s #Brexit #Deal #soynadie
Please do read this...judge these people for what they are
#Brexit has always been about #EnglishNationalism, whether they admit it or not, their #supremacist attitude pervades. #Scotland must get out of this hateful so called Union NOW
Daniel Hannan: The proposed Brexit terms represent a deal worse than either staying or leaving.
#FORTHENATION is the party for #Brexit Join today:
If any of those people had been negotiating brexit, I would agree..... but they weren’t.... a remainer was.
Oh fuck off - - Clean drinking water could run out within days of no-deal Brexit leak warns
Lol I am trying. But I will have to sack it until this Brexit nonsense is over. Every time Theresa May comes on TV and says the words 'National Interest' I go a bit mental and reach for the fag packet. Anyhow my new target date is for the day after the second referendum!
I am tweeting to tell you with I am unhappy with Theresa May’s threats of “this is it”.with regards to Brexit. I would really like you to reject her deal. MPs don’t have to make this decision; she should put it back to us, the people.
Absolutely. Garden-variety Brexit voters are tragically myopic in having adopted us vs them (EU) perspective without looking at the global scenario.
Unilever owns the brand. It's half Dutch so Brexit won't be a problem, apart from any UK jobs that may be lost.
FFS - is this the most important thing for you to be talking about today? You are an absolute irrelevance. I support the, wholeheartedly. They need you, on this day, to stand up and bloody well oppose Brexit, because now you know it will smash them. Fucking ridiculous.
It all got very fishy earlier on . See what I think about it in the package at the start of the show - on the threat and opportunity for the Tories and the future problems for the SNP. #brexit
At which point they will blame the EU for Brexit. And not having an army ready.
Theresa Mays treasonous brexit deal exposed already, lie after lie wake up people before it is too late:
This. Disagree with Brexit, fine, but respect our reasons.
Have same thing with Edinburgh friends. Level of ignorance is staggering and they believe the 'If Brexit is this bad, indy will be even worse' stuff. How anyone can look at UK politicians and look at other small countries, and not think 'we can do better' I have no idea.
It's not just your Brexit Messiah, the ranks of the disaster capitalists are densely populated.
No UK will be worse off with ANY #Brexit deal
There's no such thing as a 'no deal brexit'. There's Theresa May's surrender or a WTO deal. And the WTO deal is what people voted for.
This is complete BS, yes Mays deal is bad, but there is no 'jobs first brexit' and it is impossible to pass the 6 tests you created. The best deal is the current one. The idea you can magically get the EU to collapse in the negotiations in 3 months is silly, and you know that.
I added a video to a playlist EU Approves Brexit Deal - I'm Back to Hiding Under the Table (THE SAAD
The rebuttal to the rebuttal of May's toxic plan.
Needs pitching... Into the scrapyard of history! #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Buy me a 1.6 civic sport and pay for 2 years tax and insurance?
Ah, but all the North Sea oilfields will be declared English territory first.
You have lied to the nation ad nauseum, outside no 10 when you took office, at Lancaster Ho, in Florence, at your own party conference. You can’t even say whether this is better than no Brexit; you won’t give us a #PeoplesVote but you expect us to trust in you? Screw You Kaa
It's amazing how many versions of British history Brexit has brought to light.
That’s pretty vague. I’m still not clear what specific interventions Hutton has in mind. In any case, as far as I can see, Cooper has largely been in sync with leadership on this. My own view is that “stop Brexit” stance would have likely gifted a huge majority to Tories
This is not a Brexit love song
New Vehicle Reg | Change of ownership | Renewal - 09090144706 Boko Haram Iwobi #hearmetoo Torreira Brexit David Luiz Sarri Mhki lacazette
What is this crazy loon even rattling on about... the ref was illegal, Brexit ridiculously bad for ordinary people and the country as a whole! Labour MPs are fucking mental-tits!
What I don't really get is that if you want Brexit that's fine, but why not do it well instead of this mess?
You forgot the "eat it too" part of the Brexit agenda
I'm going to "Trump, Putin &amp; the Great Brexit Robbery: with Carole Cadwalladr, Damian...". via
Sooner than some predicted....
UK’s No 1 traitor Mrs May, should step down from PM, she has made her own Brexit rules, instead of listening to the people’s , get her out of No 10 before she gives us away, AGAIN to Brussels.
Not brexit. Reap what you sow......... Lying Tory bastards are insulting the electorate!! Bye bye tory party, you thick bastard.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
This is promising....... High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
Some of the results of this weekend's postcard writing exercise. Going on the post tomorrow. #women4europe #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Thread of Trump-era America. And and #Brexit-heads want Trump’s chlorinated chicken...etc?
Gibralter proves him 100% right
May knows there is No Brexit Dividend. This is desperate stuff. She's nothing left to lie about...
Top thread.
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Do deserve anyone's vote ever again? #peoplesvote and not just for #brexit - more than 1 million people rely on food banks. how is that right in this "rich" country?
#Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?: - Brexit deal: which obstacles await May… #News #Politics
I like how the #Europe is being fucked by the #US and #Russia together yet they keep bending over! 1st #Syria managed by USA to cause #Migration influx, then #Ukraine , now #brexit , I feel that #PutinAtWar is knocking on your doors #EU! Be ready
I reckon TM will say No Brexit if it isn't signed, when she said No Deal or No Brexit in the HoP, she slipped up? when she was asked on TV about, she avoided answering it. there i know she a liar but she has said No 2nd ref. Have they offered her a seat on the European Council?
“Has she finally made that hard decision on brexit?
Departure talk to press by following Special mtg on #Brexit #Article50 #Diplomacy140
BrExit is a war that will be won or lost on the pages of . Fact.
Think you must not understand what democracy is. It’s about implementing the democratically expressed view of the people. Stop Brexit campaigners are inherently anti democratic
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Split three ways but ultimately that’s a sideshow to the Brexit car itself. I see your argument but key fuckups were by May alone, and at other times Parliament as a whole has been mute. Everything is going to change after vote though
#EU seals #Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May |
Stick your pretend Brexit up your hooter!
Read this
Who could say - wherever you stand - that this isn't a good question? And if it isn't answered......?
that first reason makes feel like a criminal tbh
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
Without question we need that conference.
How does this deal protect my #citizensrights as promised. Brits in the eu and eu in UK were told we would continue to live our lives the day after Brexit just the same as the day before.
"U.K. and E.U. Leaders Clinch Brexit Divorce Terms" by STEPHEN CASTLE and STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT World #news
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Ridge: CONservative James Brokenshire kisses bent #Brexit deal and thinks public will back it (25Nov18) #SjyNews #Ridge
Look at this man's shirt and tell me he understands "millions" in any sense other than his investment portfolio
I can guarantee that I will never ever ever go into any restaurant that names a meal after Brexit like this piece of crap in Javea. English breakfast renamed. Europe taking the piss quite rightly. Uk laughing stock
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
Labour have not ruled anything out, labour supporters voted labour because they alligned with their policies. You are suggesting a majority voted to stop brexit when that has never been the case and neither have they said they would. All options remain open under
oh i forgot about that! i admit before brexit was even promised i did know a few traditional labour types that were tempted to vote ukip but they didn't really think in terms of policy, so it doesn't sound so far fetched, but i don't think there are many people like this.
Flexible consultation appears to means different things to different people. The pain of being a rule taker! #brexit #brexitdeal #ruletaker #projectleave
Excellent... Vote it down and out! #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #FBPE #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Well done, EU! Lot's of debates and lots of time spent on this. Let the UK go if they want to. You both will do just fine. #Brexit
Britain's May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
Taking back control. Unless we collectively have the sense to stop it this will just be the beginning. #Brexit #BigFishInALittlePond
If the new Tory leader stops Brexit (which they will, to save their own skins) Labour's efforts will have succeeded. They havent done it to "win credit"... &amp; they havent done it to *win power*. And they havent slagged off the LibDems while doing it. They just want to #StopBrexit
Brexit blamed as record number of EU nurses give up on Britain
May’s letter to public riddled with untruths and half-truths #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit #brexitshambles #bbcparliament #dup
Edward Heath's bitter 25-year feud with Margaret Thatcher, known as "the incredible sulk" is the stuff of political legend. Didn't stop her concreting his EEC error #EU #Brexit #BrexitVomit
Wales was not wildly prosperous before Brexit. Which means the impact will be much worse. How the FM can sleep at night knowing he could have done so much more to help people see this BEFORE the referendum, I just don't know.
The folk who believe Brexit disaster is Corbyn's fault also believe May is a genius&amp;govt really cares about the poor.
The ULTIMATE Project Fear 'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (9) Of course, I've had these mindgames all my life, and see them a mile off. But the vast majority of people are lucky enough not to be Chris Dixon. How can they cope with such viciousness?
Shit just got real for Mark Zuckerberg
It's not about football though is it? It's about a brexit deal that nobody actually wants. People who voted leave didn't vote for the shit Theresa May is serving up
It won't get through parliament.....and then the remainers will move to plan B. Either another referendum designed to split the leave vote (using 2 leave options and 1 remain option) OR another fake brexit deal with EU OR A50 extension
Brexit or no Brexit, deal or no deal. We all appreciate the effort and hard work that goes into what you do man! I’m sure Kenny and the gang will continue to provide top notch content and give their best. Cream always rises to the top #itr
Theresa may be deceiving us about Brexit – by covering up the facts about Arron Banks and
REVEALED: EU top secret plans to EXTEND Article 50 fearing MPs will KILL May's Brexit deal
This is concerning.
Reminds me of something... what was it Iraq something or other? Wart maybe? No thats not it. Itll come back to me: Tony Blair says Brexit is a choice between 'painful and pointless'
Westminster stole our oil, now they're coming for our #water #DissolvetheUnion
Unfortunately this has been the story of for over two years now ... and ALL sections of the party are to blame for lack of unity and being an effective opposition not just Corbyn as leader. The party should have united to fight #Austerity and #Brexit
Some good points here from Stephen. Certainly not clear Labour would have taken a stronger line against Brexit under Burnham, Cooper, Kendall or Smith.
No Brexit
Except that it will happen with these plans in place.
John Downing: 'History in the making: but already the EU has moved into post-Brexit phase'
One of countless reasons why we need genuine, not pretend 'Scottish' media so very urgent. If you want professional broadcasting worthy of a democracy instead of tax payer funded propaganda, donate today to crowdfunder!
The Brexit deal signed by May is this century's Treaty of Versailles. Hopefully, it doesn't lead to what the last century's did.
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
Martin Compston recalls the 'hope' of 2014's referendum in the face of 'disheartening' Brexit
You’d assume everybody voted for no deal as the phrases soft/hard brexit weren’t coined until after the vote
And Brexit of course
Brilliant &amp; desperately needed given the amnesia of mainstream media. Not wasting a second on these jokers, we all know that from the very beginning this has been a Tory-called EU Ref, a Tory Brexit 'process' &amp; one massive Tory sh*tshow. Make them own it. #ToryBrexitShambles
No tomatoes, champagne and bread Tragic I tell thee
Yeah, Any other leader would have backed the Tories all the way. Labour will vote against the deal and brexit will cancelled.
I don't feel at home in Brexit Britain.
No change then #StopBrexit #SaveOurNHS
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal European leaders have given British Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal the green light during a historic meeting in Brussels...
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain - Editorial #Brexit
Labour has no interest in that. jeremy does not want to risk brexit not happening.
Boom. Someone said it.
EU BACKS BREXIT DEAL...
All that happened is the UKIP vote switched to Tories AND Labour because of their pro brexit anti immigrant stance, There always will be c. 15% of the voting public attracted to racist &amp; xenophobic parties. Labour should be confronting them not appeasing them. Do you disagree?
Guys, guys: I've found the worst take on Brexit.
We have MI6 assisting in the coup on President Trump, you have ignored the BREXIT vote and the royal family seem very friendly with paedo's. The elites are showing utter contempt for UK citizens and democracy and the rule of law.
French President Macron lays down the law on a Brexit trade deal for the UK -
Does the general public get a vote in the #BrexitDeal #Politics #confused #Brexit
Will travel to #Brussels tomorrow for a press trip organized by the office of the European Parliament in Austria. Very excited to get some background info on #Brexit, migration policy and much more. #EU
I think the most depressing thing about #brexit is that Tories at all levels just want to have some power at the expense of truth or decency. They prostitute their beliefs for power
Britain’s newspapers have had their fun pitching one half of the country against the other, telling lies about immigrants &amp; the EU - inducing hate &amp; racism across the country. Now they’ve suddenly got a convenient conscience - just as the country’s about to self-destruct
We are doing this for our grandchildren, to make sure they are not rules by some unelected bureaucrats in Brussels, and the Queen of Europe, Merkel,
What planet is the fool on? It does NONE of these
It's been widely debated for the past 2.5 years, Google it yourself. How you feel qualified enough to talk about Brexit without basic knowledge of it is beyond me.
Corker is the 395 million for NHS tied to brexit. They ate raising tax to pay it.. Ergo nothing to do with brexit.. It is a bribe..
Weve had a peoples vote now we want a general election.
let us know when you need us to mail you some medicines... The Economist asks: Brexit — can the deal be done? - The Economist: All audio [Podcast:
#Brexit UK is giving up control of its own destiny. We will be at the mercy of EU then RoW. Unforgivably ruinous for the British who bizarrely voted to #Leave. should be annihilated as a party though no doubt lies, greed, spin, gongs and RW media will rescue them.
#ThisLadyIsForTurning. Theresa May an 'incompetent arch Remainer' who is bungling Brexit, says former Tory donor' | via
We have a German led and dominated EU, which is talking about forming an army! Ring any alarm bells? How long before this 'army' is used to suppress the will of a state to leave the 4th Reich?
Plans to advise on brexit negotiations in May Australia will experience #libexit
This is very fine reporting from , finishing with the views of the young
Probably not. 30% tariff on cars built here, thus destroying volume car manufacturing. Airbus will leave the UK taking thousands of jobs with them. A no deal Brexit will decimate UK manufacturing. Only a fool would advocate cutting us off from our largest market.
Ok it was kind of designed to get our attention. So ok give me an example of how I’ll benefit from Brexit? Just one
There are 2966 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 2966 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
. has warned of 'more division and uncertainty' if MPs reject her Brexit divorce deal approved by EU leaders in Brussels.
Four key reasons the markets will not help Theresa May with Brexit
Time until BREXIT is 124 days, 01 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
15 years ago, we ignored Charles Kennedy’s warnings about the Iraq war – today, they directly apply to Brexit
NOW | This hour on #Viewpoints w/ : - talks toxic masculinity, all boys private school culture and hazing - Brexit: What’s next? - Why Calgary is no longer an Olympic city - Instagram pop-ups: Captivating art or Pompous? LISTEN:
In 2017, 69 Labour seats saw a net swing to the Tories, e.g. Ashfield, where Labour's majority fell from 9,000 to 441. The thing uniting all 69 seats? They voted Leave. We explore this in our piece, "Should I stay or should I go? Labour’s Brexit dilemma"
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
In my opinion, it really isn't. Watch and wait for the drama at play to unfold further. The PM herself has said, an option was no Brexit at all. My belief is that anything can, and will, happen in the next couple of months.
I agree with him 100%
The will of the people is for a 'separate' brexit. MPs must not be allowed to negotiate a 'logical' brexit!
Brexit is 2978 hours away. #brexit
After 17 months of Brexit negotiations, Theresa May is not yet half-way there, and fish may be one of her problems
There's only three things you need to know about May's deal 1) It's NOT Brexit 2) It hugely exposes the UK to exploitation by members of the EU e.g. France/Fishing, Spain/Gibralter etc 3) It ensures the Tory Party CANNOT win another election with May as leader
The DUP has said it will vote down the Brexit deal.
Analysis: Easy part over for May as she reaches Brexit agreement with EU :Auto pickup by wikyou
Corbyn has exceeded my expectations. He is an even more shit Labour leader than I feared he would be. Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum | Politics | The Guardian
The Brexit deal is unacceptable, will Brexit voters ever get what they where promised, to be free of the toxic EU's grasp, sadly not in my life time.
According to the Treasury’s own calculations, the cost of a hard Brexit would be £45 billion over 15 years – that is £3 billion per year. We pay the EU £12 Billion per year to be in a club that results in a trading deficit?
Brexit deal: EU bids sad farewell to United Kingdom
Excellent and succinct explanation as to why No Deal is long term the best option for post-Brexit Britain The future for our country is bright if we can bin the backstop and with it Theresa May
Not controversial. Just a bare faced lie. Disgusting.
The latest The Roy Everitt Daily! Thanks to #contentmarketing #brexit
The Brexit deal marks a clear victory for Ireland — one no-one in Britain saw coming and one which has raised the Irish government’s standing at home and abroad.
Dear For once. Just FOR ONCE in your life, do what's best for the country that you and your despicable, lying Selfservatives have done your best to destroy... RESIGN! #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #NoBrexitAtAll #BrexitShambles #ToriesOut #ToriesMustGo
He reminds me of Corbyn who hopes Brexit will be so terrible for Britain that the British people will *have* no choice but to elect him as PM.
My lovely peeps. I need to just go some catch up work stuff. This weekend has been intense but it has shown me #Brexit can not work and that #Remain is so close. Will be back tomorrow but please keep pushing and most of all supporting each other. #WATON #FBPE. We can do this x
Employment is strong, the economy is growing. But uncertainty over Brexit remains. How will the Bank of England decide on the future of UK interest rates? Find out more:
Why a 'sunset clause' could restore the near total collapse of trust in the Brexit process, says Thomas Sharpe QC
This right here is why, despite all the insane leaps of sense or logic opinion pieces that flow from it, I still follow . Outstanding journalism. Are you watching ?
We have the dunce Trump, you have the shitshow stinkfist that is Brexit. Good luck!
U.K., EU Approve Hard-Fought Brexit Divorce Deal. Now the Harder Work Begins.,
Leo’s day is coming. Leader by default only
Brexit: EU president Jean-Claude Juncker says he would vote in favour of Theresa May's deal think the British are fooled by all this#
Brexit may be a reaction against the Faustian exchange of power for soul. And the church should take advantage, writes
Brutal on how the failed old discredited approach would fail again. We need an optimistic policy, including the valuing of migrants instead of smearing them as problems
Brexit: The five questions everyone's asking Google
Atomic loose ends need tightening post-Brexit agreement; Sunday, 25 November 2018;
Excellent ! the truth . . #PeoplesVoteNow
Good thread. Hope springs eternal #nobrexitatall
and no deal = no Brexit your own PM said that !!
"EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May" -
Brexit deal sealed in Brussels: believe it or not, that was the easy bit
#EU leaders urge #Britons to back May’s #Brexit deal, say it’s the best they will get
The rebuttal to the rebuttal.
We won't do nothing.Brexit Brexit Brexit is ruling our politicians.fiddling whilst Rome burns.
Indeed &amp; the fact he's back here pushing Brexit again shows how worried Putin is that it's going to be cancelled. Either by a #PeoplesVote or through great reporting like Carole's exposing the fact Brexit was won by Russia in a war we didn't even know we were fighting.
Yup. Using Boris's `'fake news" has to be a pretty desperate last throw of the dice.
#Brexit: France would use fishing demands as 'leverage' in trade talks
last last May's version of brexit will most likely hold
So, as was the case with the #Brexit vote, the British public have voted for the #past rather than the #future - this is surely the most depressing series yet - right down to dodgy slogans on the side of a bus! #GetMeOutOfHere
Brexit - a decision to remain or leave is a choice between painful and pointless according to Blair. Which ones which?
In escalation in #Kerch strait and #AzovSea was reported after Brexit Summit results in Brussels
If Theresa May loses her job tomorrow, Brexit still happens. If Jeremy Corbyn loses his job tomorrow, it doesn’t. This is Labour’s Brexit.
Spain's prime minister says UK's #Brexit deal opens door on Gibraltar
Well done, EU! Many debates and lots of time spent on this. Let the UK go if they want to. You both will do just fine. #Brexit
No surprise to me May is very much in control and ALWAYS has been just look at her so called Brexit Secretaries surplus to requirements and her speeches downright lies and subterfuge as I said she is Britain's Obama out to destroy UK home and abroad#TrojanHorseMay
This is exactly the way to criticize Brexit. Inspirationally crass too.
This is exactly the way to criticize Brexit. Inspirationally crass too.
Is it coincidence that this happens on the day the EU signs off the Brexit WA ?
Pure?
I mean, TBF, sermons are quite often based on whatever old shite they heard featured on the Today programme followed by "...and this reminds me of our Lord Jesus" and a very very tangentially related parable. I bet Brexit has featured in a few sermons recently.
Does Majestic Wine Have The Right Business Strategy For Brexit And Beyond?
we saw recent email to contact MP to ask him to reject #BrexitDeal. Won't work with #GuyOpperman. He supports PM. Even cancels meetings he had scheduled with constituents who wanted to discuss Brexit related business problems. We have no right to voice our opinions
The real Farage. I’d say was this obviously fake, dumb, vain and compromised two and a half years ago, but well done for bringing proof into the light.
Very interesting to see that the Youtube site says ''Comments disabled for this video''! No wonder - as it's lies, lies and damn lies!! The Brexit deal explained in 60 seconds via
Lol. Brexit means Brexit.
Fools can’t help themselves whereas she is intentionally failing us on Brexit, the traitorous troutface.
See what happens when you let the public vote: #Anthony and #Brexit #XFactor Sums up the UK.
Brussels says that the agreement on the 'Brexit' "is still on the table" and does not comment on resignations in the British Government
“the British people don’t want to spend any more time arguing about Brexit,” and that her agreement would allow Britons “to come together again as a country.” Oh yes we do. Campaigning against more lies about funding the NHS and the rest. Get your yellow vests on Brits..
Will you vote against the deal Sarah? Not holding my breath. #GeneralElectionNow
Meaningful Brexit vote may take place Dec 10 or Dec 11 #Bitcoin #Btc #Cryptocurrency
If you are curious, this simplifies this well.
Jim on the nail as called brexit ,you called trump, You called bitcoin bubble,you called return to lower growth even as pundits said no sign of cracks for the majority of the past you have been bullish gold any update on likely time
Completely disingenuous. So what if Labour are not voting with the Tories version of Brexit. They still want Brexit, just they believe in red unicorns instead of blue.
The absolute hypocrisy is this tweet is staggering. Worryingly she probably isn't even aware she is doing it.
Not sure we can do anything now about the plantation. Brexit on the other hand can and should be stopped.
You talk sense about brexit then you say mad shit like this.
This whole thread. The inhabitants of “the bubble” really need to read this and stop F’ing about with marches/ flags and pish about “secret oil fields” FFS folk star speaking to real people and not each other !
May urges MPs to back #Brexit deal for 'brighter future'
Isn’t this what the vote was about brexit and the people’s vote was OUT
Brexit will harm nhs
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (10.a) As far as I can see, Brexit has been agreed in pretty much the form we want (as I expected that it would be).
The plagues of locusts probably to blame...
We know what the politicians are trying to do and we are not buying it, imagine for a second you tell 27 of your closest friends that you don't want to see them anymore, and then realise how isolated you would be without them this is brexit. The best deal is with the E.U.
Europe is so fucked. #england had better get Brexit DONE QUICK.
EU leaders agree UK's #Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Good evening all! If you prefer Tumblr, you can follow me there - Thanks! #arts #JC4PM #FBPE #WATON #art #labour #tory #brexit
Boris bedazzles DUP with Brexit balm on a cold Belfast night
Don’t blame Cameron for the Brexit bind via
EU endorses Brexit divorce deal but hard work lies ahead
Theresa sacrifices Gibraltar at the altar of Brexit. (Does anyone think these last vestiges of the British empire still belong to Great Britain?)
Macron was asked what bargaining chips the EU has in fishing negotiations going forward. He raised the prospect that if Britain doesn’t give the bloc what it wants, then trade negos won’t prosper and the U.K. would end up stuck in the limbo that...
I'm so depressed by all the Brexit news, I fancy getting a wee bit obliterated. #sendthetoddyvanround
Ireland is also booming. We need a huge increase in foreign labour to build enough houses for all the people moving here to take advantage of post-Brexit opportunities. Yes, it's going to kill 50k jobs and wipe billions from the economy, but long run we'll be stronger.
Whatever eventually is the BREXIT outcome, lets remind ourselves of the 'background' Civil Service staff who now appear to have had a much larger influence (Olly and Co) on the process and outcome. Lets make sure none of them keep their jobs, if we are sold down the EU river!
This is a great thread. You can't fight the far right by adopting its policies.
#BrexitBetrayalMarch 9th December London - let’s get our voices heard!
“I can only conclude [Theresa May] is deliberately deceiving the public as she tries to cling to power, just as the Brexiteers lied in the referendum campaign – and the consequences will be just as profound.” #Brexit
This guy has got it right every time and we're not leaving the EU. Sorry #Brexit is dead
May's Betrayal Agreement Signed: Britain on the Road to Brexit in Name Only
Like your performance in bed, this deal w/ be over before you know it. #OOTT #BREXIT $AAPL $AMZN
This poll is still running although Twitter have tampered with the result removing more than 11,000 votes (which is a disgrace). #LIBERTY
“Three questions every farmer should ask themselves ahead of Brexit #BrexitDeal
Thread
As your constituent I’d be very grateful if you would read this excellent and devastating response to Theresa May’s letter today. Many thanks.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum or unprincipled cynical short-termism
If this Brexit betrayal gets through the HoC there will be a civil war. I hope you've done the necessary planning.
Imagine even being remotely interested in politics, nevermind Brexit. Wasting years of your life moaning about something which you know baerly anything about. Fuck em all #brexit
Remember all that stuff about how #putin wants #Brexit as it'll weaken and destabilise West and he'll have more freedom of action? Well... #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
But there are facts on both sides and I don't see or hear you advocating for Brexit. The EU 27 will still want to send their citizens to the UK to study and work.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Have you noticed in all her speeches she said remaining wasn’t an option, that was until the night she stood outside No.10 to announce this deal when she said there were 3 options her deal, no deal or no brexit. She has dropped it in a couple of times more since then too.
Who said anything about Corbyn - for me this is Labour - same Labour party who didnt listen to the people march against BREXIT as didnt listen to the people march against the War in Iraq.
But what about the Brexit 50p?
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
This woman must have the skin of a rhino not to realise how much she is despised by the electorate. Is she insane? I fear she is a psychopath! Who in their right mind would hate their country so much and it's people?
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal” | Coffee House
If only Will Hutton knew what he was talking about, we might get unbiased quality journalism. As it is we just get the usual distribe. Corbyn’s position on Brexit has been very carefully planned and executed. Watch this space.
Brexit has proven Scotland's continued subjugation to the union is
Brexit is a huge opportunity. The best 3rd nation deal on the planet + global autonomy. Win win.
The Latest: Hungarian leader: 'gloomy Sunday' due to Brexit
Me too - this really isn’t good enough. We aren’t bargaining chips. We deserve politicians who present us with policies we want to problems that need solving - politicians who are ready to serve the community &amp; improve it.
May gives away sovereignty over Gibraltar - Brexit bargaining or bargain-basement Black Friday barminess? - via via
It was always a tory brexit.
Thread
#Brexit: 'We will remain friends until the end of days - and one day longer' Tusk
Erm....no....Brexit isn’t a smokescreen....it’s reality. But thanks for the explanation of his handling of it.
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
If that's the case, then the Tories are going against their manifesto and indeed May is in direct contradiction to what she said in Florence. Everyone can see this, well everyone but the snowflakes.
David Davies was in charge of Brexit negotiations. He managed about 4hrs per week, if I recall correctly. But still. Keep blaming everyone else. That’s always been the answer.
‘If Brexit is finished, then so is democracy’
You keep peddling May's Brexit double-cross to millions of Tory leave voters, unfortunately we no longer believe a word you say. Where does that get you...... Nowhere.
I'm starting to think done people actually deserve to live in a post-Brexit society...
She's got neither heart nor soul. Evil and vile in equal measure.......
Theresa May’s Brexit deal a greater threat than Jeremy Corbyn, says DUP leader Arlene Foster
I would really love to see Hammond gone. We can do better than the likes of him running the Treasury.
A must read that couldn't sum it up more perfectly. Articulate and erudite. #MUSTREAD #Brexit #Leave #Remain #BlockBrexit
The only reason that anybody would be against asking people for their opinion on Brexit is being afraid of the answer.
There's a weird subtext running through Brexit that the referendum wasn't a vote to choose a policy ... ... but a vote to choose which half of the population matters - to split The People from the UnPeople. /1
Just resign &amp; gies peace!
"Brexit means Brexit" keeps ringing in my ears! What a disaster Theresa May has been for the Conservative party and more importantly for Britain! Disgraceful!
The latest The sadok laribi Daily! Thanks to #ajopinion #brexit
Aye well Liam obviously an ignorant bigot forgetting Leo is Irish. Fucking brexit numpty !
Everything to do with Corbyn. Check your history. He's buddied up with Tories and the DUP for years to achieve Brexit. Disdain? Yes.
#Brexit is about leaving the job lot. We take back control
any plans to host any constituent forums/events to gage opinions on #brexit plans before you vote?
Stand up for a #NoDealBrexit that's the only way can deliver what she has so adamantly said time and time again! Call to action #NoDealBrexit prepare the way! #UK are #leaving #EuropeanUnion #Brexit #29march
How the Fuck can Corbyn get the blame for Brexit? He is the only M.P wh went out and about campaigning for remain, warning people what it would mean!
Bring it on
The irresistible force meets the immovable object. Start your panic buying now.
Taking back control. Despite having contributed for over 20 years to the UK, no one asked me what I thought of #Brexit. Investigating the #NorwayModel and I like it.
It’s one of the fears of Brexit that we in the U.K. will have to import the shockingly awful food that the U.S. produces. Chlorine washed chicken &lt;shudder&gt;
Was EU Tax Evasion Regulation The Reason For The Brexit Referendum?
Brexit news: May reveals her advice to Cameron at SECRET pre-Brexit Cabinet meeting | UK | News |
Giving up on our whole existing raft of trade deals won't happen..just managing isn't good enough
But Parliament just won't vote for No Deal. And they're the boss. So the choice is actually May's Deal or Second Referendum (not May v No Brexit) with all three options. Which gives the choice back to the people as you're trying to do here, see.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
listen eu.... i understand why the brexit is happening yall morons
While Brexit May is having a knees up no expense spared in Brussels
She is a traitor and a liar. Kick her out. We voted Leave not this dead corpse. All the Tories who are trying to stop Brexit should be deselected for going against the vote and manifesto promises.
Need a #WebDesigner or #WebDeveloper? Need To #debug and #fix #bugs, #errors in your #website? To get all the bug fixing related service please visit: #Conmebol #Christmas #DwightHoward #Brexit #BlackFriday #blackfriday #giletsjaunes #Paris #Saint_sup
Sadly I am coming to the same conclusion. The very reason many voted to Leave is being demonstrated. People want to know their voice and vote matters. Not be told the political elite know better. Not delivering a true Brexit will do huge and lasting dama…
Ah yes. The success of Brexit. Up there with other great successes like Murdo Fraser’s electoral record and Biffy Clyro’s album with Nick Knowles.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Iraq = Tories and Labour agreeing. Brexit = oh shit.
fuck off
Yup. That's the way of these things. If I still lived in Cornwall I really might have voted for Brexit. Westminster seams along way away and Europe a million miles beyond. I understand.
It’s not a boast at all. It’s being pragmatic! Brexit is happening - whatever deal or not is arrived at - by act of parliament! The threats and fear-mongering are needless &amp; unhelpful. We all need to focus on making it a success
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Briefing by #AT following the Special mtg on #Article50 #Brexit #Diplomacy140
Any other Labour leader? How about Ed Miliband? Long before Corbyn Labour he lost a Gen Election against a tory party split on Europe who were promising the referendum in first place. 5 others run against him for leadership and failed before brexit
I'm fully prepared as well. Bring it on.
Though this warning is primarily intended to scare the more lily-livered MPs into toeing...
If you’re a Product Manager in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
Truth missing in this sad tale all along...
The original point was under any other leader we might have had Labour would today be in a different place on Brexit. That still stands
CYPRUS: Brexit deal not a landmark to be happy about, as key state leaves the EU
Whichever opposes Brexit!
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (10.b) From the host of "threats" being trumpeted in the media, the only one which is genuinely inconvenient is the Irish backstop.
The Conservative party will be lucky to be a ‘shadow’ of its former self after the next election. The only thing that can save you now is a no deal Brexit.
Pants on fire
Two options: 1) Corbyn stays pro-Brexit. Result: country is fucked and he definitely loses the next election 2) Corbyn switches to People's Vote: Country potentially not fucked, Corbyn stands a good chance of winning the GE. Which side of history do you think Labour should be on?
45% is less than half which means there is much more to Brexit. You have just proved Tim right
Epic thread that eviscerates and her sham of a Brexit agreement.
The world of #Brexit, #Trump, #Yemen etc is a horrible, frightening place. I pray that lives to see us turn away from this dark, hostile way to the fairer, just, principled society he's fought for - which, please God, must be coming. #IstandwithHarry
After Brexit, she won’t have to go to the US to enjoy these culinary delights.
Farage instigates Brexit. He then secures German passports for his children. He now spreads his bitter bile across America via Fox.
#BreakfastForDinner - #toast #avocado #sausage #egg . . . #breakfast #dinner #avocadotoast #friedegg #eggs #friedeggs ~ P.S. If #Brexit means I can't get #avocados I may actually die.…
A teacher, a baker &amp; a translator from #Finland speak out about being branded as 'queue jumpers' by Theresa May. #Brexit
Cooncidence it also happens on the day the disruption of Europe by Brexit is on maximum display?
If he is accountable for Iraq he should therefore be giving his opinion on Brexit from a prison cell.
Err first brexit - then out of NATO - precedent
Rescind Art50. No Brexit
U.K., EU Approve Hard-Fought Brexit Divorce Deal. Now the Harder Work Begins. - The Wall Street Journal
1/2 The coming G-20 will be very fun to watch. - Trump will meet Putin &amp; XI. - He will also see the beleaguered Macron &amp; May. If the draft Brexit deal is voted down by the UK Parliament, it would be May’s last foreign trip as a PM. Can EU break through the turmoil?
Mrs. Prime Minister you were against Brexit from the start. So I may believe you still are. Why don't you play open cards with the British and tell them whats really at stake?? Why don't you just say Britian is better off without a Brexit???
Who are the they that you refer to? seems to be any size of area that voted for brexit up to, but not including, the whole UK (because then you're saying fuck you to yourself) i voted remain in an area that voted leave in a county that voted leave in a country that voted leave.
Page numbers and dates of entry into force for different parts of Brexit Withdrawal Agreement. WA has no contents page, and has 2 different sets of Annexes, plus different commencement &amp; sunset dates. #BrexitLaw
EU leaders endorse Brexit divorce deal - BBC
Westminster and the Brexit Deal are just going to roll over Scotland. We have two choices: finally be subsumed into England as a region, or independence. The time to choose is coming.
It would be total karma!
TRUMP BREXIT Sun, 25 Nov 2018 15:00:00 CST
Its collapsing. And we want to give them 39 billion in cash not fiat money. Thats when it kicks off i think. Its a time bomb waiting to go off. Nothing to do with brexit its fiscal q/e and trilatteral greed thats caused it.
Not sure why you include SF in with DUP, their policy was no Brexit which was same policy as other non DUP parties in NI was it not?
No Brexit. #REMAINERNOW
Threaten to walk out with no deal. Watch how quickly Juncker and Co come back to the table with concessions. EU member states will struggle/aren’t strong enough to handle the volatility caused by no deal brexit.
Q Anon Brexit Deal Scam, France Protests, Treason, Mexico, D5 via
I've never known women and children to be homeless it was usually men but who ever it is I cannot think of anything worse than being able to go home at night you look at billions being spent on the bloody ridiculous brexit and just look at that family lord what have we become
'A miserable failure of negotiation': Jeremy Corbyn blasts Theresa May's Brexit deal
Clean-break Brexit is pure fantasy
the Russians backed #VoteLeave - don’t wreck the country with #Brexit unite with our #E.U. allies! #StopRussianAgression #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy at Ukraine ships and captures three vessels' amid rising tensions off Crimea - Sky News
FL: French President Macron lays down the law on a Brexit trade deal for the UK November 25, 2018 at 08:48PM
Welcome to '#BollocksToBrexit' Bus: travels to rallies of #Remainers groups in many towns &amp; cities; meeting members of the public including Brexit supporters; supporting Remainers and motivating them into action. TO BECOME ACTIVE in the #RemainCampaign
Exactly- let’s stop all this nonsense now. Brexit is so incredibly stupid and damaging. I have lost all respect for the ‘crash out with no deal’ brigade. Part of me wants to say -‘go on then you idiots-lets just see what happens’ but it’s the poor and vulnerable who will suffer.
“It is a sad day," EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said during the two-hour special meeting of the European Council. “It is no reason to celebrate when a country leaves the EU. It is a tragedy."
Urrrgghh.. why why why couldn't he fall on his neck... It'd snap like the pencil it is....
BREXIT is dead.
This "charity" have taken 750grand in donations to get American beef barons access to tories ministers and have got memoranda of understandings that post brexit. USA hormone beef will be in the UK. This will ruin ni farmers because we can't compete and the EU won't risk our beef
Brexit.....
Just another global warming day. #ClimateChange #fakenews #snp #indyref2 #indyref #Brexit #eu #Uk
Very bleak
Meanwhile, away from Brexit, in the rest of the world today... - Russia fires on Ukrainian ships, capturing three of them - USA fires tear gas on citizens in Mexico - China upsets Sweden:
Riots in Paris and Brexit deal agreement looking more like a reality? Perfect storm for EUR/GBP short? Could be....
Why do you continue to call it #Brexit ? It isn't! !!
What a scandal. Who the heck do the political class think they are? 17.400,000 people voted to leave. When will these puffed up tosspots understand? #LeaveMeansLeave
Stop misrepresenting my Remain vote. Under *no* circumstances would I want it used to further your divisive, economically disastrous, ill conceived plans to leave a different union. In no way did I vote to progress the cause of separatists like the SNP.
Brexit news: Spanish Brexit threat is for THIS key reason | UK | News |
The latest The Djdeutschland Daily! Thanks to #implantfiles #brexit
As a member the only thing that I actually care about at the moment is stopping #Brexit, everything else can be sorted in due course, but #Brexit must be stopped otherwise it will destroy the country.
Outcomes are not solutions, they are definitively different things, they can cross over For you (and for me as it happens) the 'solution' to Brexit is no Brexit But it's not a solution for this country, nor the people in it, for too many reasons to list
#SocialistSunday Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
#Brexit is a great loss for the #EU, but now we have no other choice but to acknowledge the decision that has been taken - #Hungary's PM Viktor #Orban. #EUCO #Article50
Yes, sense must prevail ladies &amp; gentlemen of the . It's your duty to deliver Brexit, not a grotesque entrapment.
Cut off my own leg with a blunt knife and eat it than back Theresa May’s Brexit
But it sends the message of no confidence in her decision. A hard Brexit they did not adequately prepare for and staying within the EU is the best option, but would not deliver on the referendum vote.
My sentiments exactly, I cannot watch the news or now read the depressing twitter updates on #Brexit. I am so sorry for our once beautiful country. I can’t believe so much power has been given to so few who have destroyed my beloved #England #Scotland #Wales #NI &amp; now #Gibraltor
You gotta hand it to Putin, the guy is a genius. His playing the western democracies like a fiddle.
Five Ministers to Seek Softer Brexit if May's Plan Fails: Times
Testing if EU is too busy w Brexit deal to react. And w DT tweeting his heart out abt EU and NATO being bad, why not grasp the moment?
Doesn’t surprise me. I’ve not seen anything about it in UK news, just Brexit and sport
On the news. I think it's very easy to overlook how little impact the anti-Brexit movement actually has in the wider country. Looking foolish might help. (Disclaimer: I'm not sure that it does.)
Brexit is leaving EU ,happens MRch 19 This is a temporary withdrawal agreement It’s stated legal objective is to negotiate a trade deal &amp; not to use backstop if not necessary You are paranoid
EU leaders endorse Brexit divorce deal - BBC
If the EU can help Theres May SOMEHOW save face, there may still be hope for Brexit to be cancelled. Very shrewd diplomacy is needed, this is vital for both EU AND UK!
As you can see, it’s a bit more complicated than the simple scenario you keep insisting
Brexit was always a philistine project as much as an economic one. Just look at the people who started it all.
Point well made there
why do you support the Withdrawal Agreement? It's time to stand up and put the country first, not toe the party line. Remember there's an election coming....
We won't leave. Brexit will fail. X
EU leaders approve Brexit deal
Bollocks. #GeneralElectionNow
I know what these polls say, like what all the predictions about what would happen after Brexit said...neither in my view were correct. Almost everyone I know voted Leave, no matter what age, what job they do, master of arts of masters of none. So they weren't polling round here
While May sells UK down the river, Frenchie Macron and others are plotting like Vultures over Fishing, N Ireland and Gibraltar, shameful!
Ths EU and NATO should.move quickly on this. No surprise that Putin moves as Europe is head down, rump up on Brexit. #PeoplesVote
Interesting item. Not endorsing it. Just interesting
Despite quiet markets on Friday due to the extended US holiday weekend we saw the USD gain some ground across the board with Oil off over 7% on the day and stocks closing lower. The highlight of the weekend was the EU/UK agreement on how to move forward after Brexit.
Hopefully this isn't true
Theresa May.. lock up your bunnies. #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit 14
You talk as if free movement of people has been a one-way street and has not benefited UK citizens - and conveniently ignore the fact that the UK has failed make use of the levers it has available to it as an EU member state to address immigration. #TheresaMay #Brexit
I support your decision to vote down this Brexit deal.
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms via
You won’t benefit from Brexit. Remainer Parliament will reverse referendum result one way or another.
With this crisis we are still allowing ourselves to fall into a brexit blackhole. Its time we started focussing on real issues and addressing the ever increasing inequality in this country.
Jeremy Corbyn blasts Theresa May’s Brexit deal as ‘bad for the country’ and vows his MPs WILL ... via
'A miserable failure of negotiation': Jeremy Corbyn blasts Theresa May's #Brexit deal
Did you not got to Richards Brexit meeting to get the hand out?
Of course they won’t spend anything on us once we’re out. The money (when we were in) comes from exports, salaries/income tax/economic activity from increased jobs here, better efficiency of industry etc. Stone cold fact, hardly delusion.
Brexit goes beyond the membership. As much as I want labour to come to a 2nd referendum position, the whole issue needs to be carefully and respectfully managed. The first thing that needs to happen is for the govt. to be defeated. After that, Labour can legitimately change tact
You: 'Brexit day will be a day of renewal and reconciliation' Me: bold of u to think it's not marked 'BEGIN PANICKING' on my 2019 calendar
No Brexit worries either way!
Could it be that #trump #brexit #SaudiArabia are just smokescreens whilst other stuff goes under &amp; unreported??? #whosaidiwasparanoid
Lol says the bam who donated £1 million to the Better Together campaign which spread a LOT of misinformation back in 2014. Supporting BT helped cause the current mess we’re in you spoon.
Win win.
We are not known for it, but giving away 1000 years plus of sovereignty? I'll be there.
Since the promises are not going to be delivered, are we sure people want a Brexit without all the perks?
well played Sir your duty to the country deserves a Knighthood
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns - Sky News d 1 who has created Divisions &amp; Uncertainties with hr lies &amp; deceit &amp; wants 2 shove HER conceded sellouts is now playing this game of take it leave it! Get rid of her, d liar!
Well, he is running out of time to bide. And even a Labour-flavoured Brexit still delivers the Tory Brexit project. Any Brexit is nowhere near as good as the deal we already have inside the EU. Time to commit to #stopbrexit
Thread
I'm sorry Britain, along with Brexit, voting for Anthony in #xfactor is one of the most misguided choices in recent history.
#BREAKING add #BREXIT = #VICIXT from rationality on real Planet capitalism going total NUT JOB LOOPY community nazism"flavour of the day" yesterday ,NEVER again Petty bourgois democracy Objective truth=fascism Advanced Nation context . Rainbow COMMUNITY-ALP FILTH!#VicVotes
Completely right as usual. Unfortunately people will just shout Iraq rather than listen to the substance.
please oppose #brexit completely and unequivocally.
The f word is find when in relation to Brexit xx
Understand we are at war now. We know Globalists are trying to destroy sovereignty. The UN &amp; the American left along with Wall St financiers want open borders. The traitors are ignoring elections like 2016 Presidential &amp; Brexit. They're ignoring immigration law for illegal labor.
Yes the party must support the the vote ,and if JC doesn't want to remove him and the party can move on to a better place
If the EU can help Theresa May SOMEHOW save face, there may still be hope for Brexit to be cancelled. Very shrewd diplomacy is needed, this is vital for both EU AND UK!
Re Brexit #baddeal
I am tweeting to tell you that I am unhappy with Theresa May’s threats of “this is it”.with regards to Brexit. I would really like you to reject her deal. MPs don’t have to make this decision; she should put it back to us, the people.
And the lies you were told which convinced you to vote leave count for nothing? #Brexit on terms the UK wanted was ALWAYS a fantasy. Sorry, but THATS the truth.
Better to ask May to resign. She will never get a better deal...
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
Can't seem to get the #Brexit deal out of my mind... #nappies
You must have limited intelligence if you thought that Tony Blair talked nonsense. His was a very wise and judicious analysis of the situation. the one who was talking party political nonsense was the Labour guy - can't remember his name!
Can't run a political party from prison. Mind you, Adolf Hitler did........
#NoDeal is the ONLY deal #brexit means #brexit
#SocialistSunday Jeremy Corbyn to set out Labour alternative to PM's Brexit plan
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (10.c) But that's only activated if we can't find an alternative by the end of 2020, and ceases when an alternative does emerge.
Brexit might be all over the news but I’d keep an eye on the Ukrainian and Russian navies right now. Not a good development
Small recompense for what they have cost the rest of us...
Bollocks! In 2015 Corbyn pledged that the membership would decide policy. 90% voted Remain. And 86% want a #PeoplesVote: this was ratified at 2018 Conference (with Remain as an option). But Corbyn's still bullshitting about a "sensible" Brexit deal! You're in the minority. :-)
It isn’t Brexit!!! Surely you’re bright enough to see that! No deal WTO is far far preferable, and actually what people voted for in the referendum.
i’m SICK
The populists won't go away if you appease them. We need to *win* the argument, not *concede* it.
You know what astounds me as a UK citizen? That we've devolved into an angry group that doesn't want to leave, and an angry group who don't think we're being harsh *enough*. No matter what happens, nobody will be satisfied, and no doubt "Scottish independence" arguments #Brexit
We British citizens are also rather sad about the fate which awaits your grandchildren Mr Juncker.
Chief we have had our differences. However you have stuck to your guns on Brexit. Im like most people fed up to the back teeth. To yourself it must be a fkin nightmare at times.
A great read for a great man Charles Kennedy
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
So it's this deal or remain or no deal?
Remainer? Hmmm Bored of Brexit? Brussels is where it got interesting
No. 52% voted to leave the EU, which before the vote was referred to as Brexit. Since the vote it has been redefined to mean leaving the EU plus other larger organisations such as the EEA. Leaving these others is where the social &amp; economic impact mostly comes from.
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
And ignored pro-EU Scotland. If anyone didn’t realise it now, this so-called United Kingdom is exposed as just a fig leaf for Greater England. The British Empire has long gone: the English Empire is now entering its death throws. Can’t come soon enough. #PeoplesVote #Indyref2
You're a blithering idiot. We've already got a far right resurgence, discord and distrust. It caused Brexit to happen, and in turn Brexit has made those things worse.
OMG. It's all starting to kick off now. Friends and allies one minute, circling hyenas with the scent of a wounded UK the next. #Macron says he wants full UK #fishing rights, #Spain wants #Gibraltar #Ireland no border. Germany wants? The others want? Where's the end. #Brexit
'B******* to Brexit' bus to tour UK as Remainers crowdfund £16,000
They have had for years to get ready for this already. If we are short of water start stockpiling now we should notbein this fix BREXIT or Not. The fact they have made no provision is a disgrace. All those who knew about this and did nothing need to be jailed.
More lies! Claiming she has a heart!?
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal: It took Britain’s… #Ukraine
Today's news reviewer is and he will be talking with us about Brexit (of course), online gambling, Asia Bibi, hospital targets and the ABofC’s comments about God being neither male nor female. Tune in to #TWRNewsDesk now or catch up later at
May called the Gen Election last year to get a 100-seat majority to ram her Brexit deal through Parliament without ERG help. If there is one politician in Britain who stopped that and allowed a national debate now, it's Jeremy Corbyn. Show some gratitude
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal: It took Britain’s… #Ukraine
N4/N5: More than half of Scotland's international exports in 2016 were to the EU. The #Brexit deal would take Scotland out of our largest single international export market.
what are your thoughts on the PM’s Brexit deal?
A really nice and sensitive tribute to Charles Kennedy by here
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
True. A no deal Brexit will give the UK a very strong hand overnight.
No these MPs have already had a say and it was disastrous. We need people who want Brexit to be a success , and not those who want Brexit to be a failure....
According to YouGov, only 19% of the British people support a no-deal Brexit
Just need #brexit to be over. Bored of it all
What was the other thing you promised? No brexit at all? Maybe give that a go.
Well, most of us are!
Because you disagree with May’s deal, doesn’t make it ‘treasonous’. Politics is compromise. Simmer down. #BrexitAgreement #brexit.
We are about to enter your favorite dystopian world. Ukraine/Mexico/Yemen/Brexit/Fascism...
.Good.
Not a chance.
RESULT! Get your bags packed Phil! #Brexit WTO!
Despite quiet markets on Friday due to the extended US holiday weekend we saw the USD gain some ground across the board with Oil off over 7% on the day and stocks closing lower. The highlight of the weekend was the EU/UK agreement on how to move forward after Brexit.
This country is faced with millions of issues + this moron focuses on the same five every ones day after day. It’s almost like he isn’t aware of any others. #orangetheworld #Trump #TrumpLies #Resist #Brexit #Blizzard #MuellerIsComing #Russia #ClimateChange #TrumpCrimeFamily
Club member decides to leave, doesn't get to stand for the Wine Tasting Committee... Well, there's a totally unexpected development!
Brits trying to get to france after brexit
Wishful thinking I’m afraid, that Brexit is a good idea has been constantly reinforced since the referendum, the execution has been botched but only those in serious denial would doubt that it’s essential, as it was at the outset
Scotland should be free to rejoin EU, says Spanish foreign minister, as he predicts break up of Brexit Britain
This just in from a lying blackmailer who has blatantly taken One Billion Pounds of UK taxpayers money.
NATO has been weakened by the US under drumpf with support from Putin. There is good evidence the Brexit vote was manipulated by Cambridge Analytica. Now, Russia has launched yet another attack... to invade the Ukraine inch by inch. Death of a county by a thousand cuts.
Read the Guardian's opinion on the Brexit deal.
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
Fuck the deal Fuck the Tories Fuck Brexit And Fuck You
I'd hope for the outcome that doesn't damage the country. Otherwise at least the shock of no deal would unequivocally identify Brexit as a mistake. A deal that curtails rights + bleeds us out slowly - but not enough to condemn Brexit to being reversed - is the worst of all worlds
Theresa May, "Brexit means BrexIN" The moment Brexit vote passed their tactic became Delay, Derail &amp; Debase the Deal....
May gives away sovereignty over Gibraltar – Brexit bargaining or bargain-basement Black Friday barminess?
In some parallel universe, has been chaotically governing a #brexit free UK for 3 the last 3 years. Lucky bastards. #indyref2 #usethemandate #MayMustGo
May to bring back several tonnes of cheap fags and booze to mark end of Brexit talks
Brexit, climate,#ExtinctionRebellion - the bigger picture.
How Theresa May’s deal with Brussels would keep Britain in the European Union in all but name.
Hear hear.
Face facts. #Brexit is a disaster. (And the EU hasn't been stopping investment in public services.)
At a time of geo-political tension and uncertainty, what the world needs is #Brexit
EU leaders endorse Brexit divorce deal - BBC
What is the SNP's Brexit policy? Scotland ultimately want independence from Great Britain &amp; to be a full member if the EU. Off you go then.....
Germany keeps their moral compass intact in spite of #Brexit and all the other issues facing them. America has lost its moral compass so that its leader can add to his personal wealth and repay old personal financial debts.
You have got to be kidding! What he actually said was that the UK MIGHT recover in 20 to 30 years time but the adjustment would be ' painful'. That doesn't sound good. In addition, our FoM will be removed &amp; NHS &amp; vital services deprived of skilled EU workers. Brexit =self-harm
#Brexit It seems neither #brexiteers or #remainers are happy today. So to remind us, 37.4% of the eligible population of 46,500,001 to vote wanted to leave EU &amp; 34.7% wanted to remain. 27.8% didn’t vote. I wonder what the 27.8% are thinking now? Are they also unhappy? If so WTF?
One UK businessman who has pinned his colours firmly to the mast of Brexit is John Mills, Chairman of John Mills Ltd, (JML) which sells high volume consumer products. Mills is also a founder of Labour Leave.
we cannot let this go any further. think of the people who will go onto have kids who will inherit the diesease. adults and kids alike will suffer. people will die in the hands of theresa may and brexit. i am one of them. fuck you.
Labour will vote against the Brexit deal. Almost guarantees its defeat, (first time around) The vote against will deliver no deal (which Labour has promised to prevent) unless majority alliance either backs a deal in Jan, or suspends Article 50 by March
Your Brexit thread is awesome. Loving your research. You and Carole Cadwalladr are lit! Thanks for the timeline and info!
Brilliant!
Pleeeeeease pleasepleasepleaseplease
LIKE IT, BELIEVE IT OR NOT HAS SOLD OUR CHILDREN AND THEIR FUTURES OUT TO THE GLOBALIST PAEDOPHILE CULT, NOW THEY WILL FLOOD THE UK WITH FOREGNERS THAT WILL RAPE, ABUSE AND MURDER OUR CHILDREN HAPPY FUCKING BREXIT YOU ASSHOLES, HAS INFO, PAEDO ROYALS ARE
Watching red try going out on his own was a powerful metaphor for #Brexit Stay in as large a group as possible for as long as possible, even if you're a swol lad with a nice hairdo.
BREXIT news: EU in TOP SECRET plans to EXTEND Article 50 fearing MPs will KILL May's deal | UK | News |
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (10.e) To think we'll be stuck with a Customs Union backstop forever is to misunderstand the political dynamic.
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home
better than brexit I suppose lol
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Westminster calling
How is the NHS going to cope with all of the cases of carpal tunnel syndrome caused to thousands of angry 'patriots' who have spent the last few months desperately clutching at straws as Brexit circles the drain?
Brilliant writing by . Clearly doesn’t have even a modicum of shame or perhaps even self-awareness. Seems to be a common trait in many of our elected representatives like
Ireland Preparing To Sign Insane UN Global Migration Compact with The Do... #saveireland #massmigration #unglobalmigrationcompact #brexit via
Arise, Sir John: knighted Tory MP still won't back May's deal I wonder if Lord Hayes might reconsider
There are 1.9 million people from the UK currently working or retired within the EU. Many of them are elderly who have retired there because they have been able to cash in on inflated UK house prices and have modest pensions, now under threat because of Brexit.
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal'
The problem with the party is that we haven’t had a clear unambiguous position on Brexit, much the same position as the Tories tbh.
We played our part in the Referendum but our Government has betrayed us. All we can hope is that there are enough patriotic MPs to vote down the Withdrawal Agreement and insist we progress to a No Deal Brexit
I couldn't agree with this more.
On Al Jazeera in a few minutes to offer my, er, reservations about Theresa May’s Brexit deal, if you’re looking for something to round off Sunday night
If that is the choice. UK Parliament MPs have made it clear they will prevent a no deal. Its why May had no negotiating power. A bad deal and no deal allows remain to stop Brexit.
“Brexit is an economic and political disaster, fuelling, not healing, divisions. The extent of the folly has grown clearer with each turn of the page. But the ending is not yet written.” #Brexit
Going into filming an polotics when I retire a fighter to help secure this brexit an back Boris an thereasa may conservative party if I feel its the correct decision or may come up with a better idea to help please all authorities.. Stay tuned people I'm a good man doing gd fings
She stands up for the 17.4m winners of the Brexit vote. Hardly tail wagging dog.
“Brexit is an economic and political disaster, fuelling, not healing, divisions. The extent of the folly has grown clearer with each turn of the page. But the ending is not yet written.”
Borisbrother, Soubry et al are suggesting a 2 parter - part 1: leave vs remain, part 2 leave with May’s agreement vs no deal Brexit. Think Scotland having already voted to remain should have Part 2: May agreement vs independence in Europe
In some parallel universe, has been chaotically governing a #brexit free UK for the last 3 years. Lucky bastards. #indyref2 #usethemandate #MayMustGo
Top story: Lord Sugar lays in to Theresa May, Boris Johnson, Rees-Mog &amp; Co. over #Brexit at #IntrobizExpo 2018… – UK Business and Sports News see more
And allowing the all consuming Brexit coverage to be the diversion/smokescreen.
They really don't, although I suspect they assumed they had us boxed in and the Brexit vote rather shook that view.
It is extraordinary that even now when the full text of the Withdrawl Agreement has been published insists on lying to the British people. Is this some form of Orwellian doublethink #Brexit
You are an abomination to this country.
Please do.....
As they say 'their heads are up their arses'
I am as certain about a #Brexit deal being reached as I am that Peyton Oswalt didn't kill his wife.
Let’s hope for #CleanBrexit soon
Martin Howe QC writes article savaging Number 10's "Brexit" deal. Number 10, clearly concerned, publishes a rebuttal. Howe, in turn, rebuts the rebuttal.
I love the EU flag star idea, but the black on yellow "Bollocks to Brexit" is now pretty iconic, so changing it would be a loss. You've essentially got a well recognized brand and I'd be inclined to stick with it. Let editors blur it out; they do it easily enough.
Brexit negotiations: Theresa May hoping to "sugar the pill" in Brussels via
There is no good deal Brexit was For two years people have made it clear that it will be a disaster For some unknown reason people still believe the Lies even when Govt and all MPs know it is a disaster. The facts are not being made known to the public they still believe lies
Which is the worse? #Brexit
yap that is what it will be :(
Apart from the Romans, Danes, and Normans, oh, and the Israelis.
A mandate to take his direction from the members, which he has not done. If he does not listen to his members who displayed their #PeoplesVoteNow and anti #Brexit feelings at conference he is no better than a dictator or a Tory!
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit And it has no backing from the people Theresa
BBC News - Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Juncker
3/ Dear are you really happy supporting a #Brexit obtained by a referendum campaign corrupted by right-wing electoral crime, and pushed forward by an orchestrated right-wing campaign seeking to demonise those exercising the democratic right to oppose?
And most of that 45 couldnt point to Europe on a map , think Ireland is part of the UK and just hate foreigners. These are being controlled by Eton elites with tax avoidance for the wealthiest the only agenda. Normal people need to stop this brexit nonsense.
Teresa May saw this and ripped up the Brexit plan...
Putin’s UK Annex almost complete!
Please retweet so as many as possible know this.
"Where else would you see a Remain campaigner blow-torching a copy of the divorce deal, as another wields a huge hammer to destroy a blow-up cardboard version?"
Forget Brexit!
Maybe #Brexit is bad for the UK, I dunno, but I hope it'll teach the EU Commission, it's associated bureaucrats and politicians to be less complacent and that it needs to do better if it's to hold the union in place. Not all countries are as tolerant as Ireland.
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Of course they wouldn't be desperate for a deal with "treasure island" as they call us. Suppose we won't ever know with this remain brexit may has negotiated
She must be gone before that. On current evidence she will sign our country away to that looming madhouse.
As you know I wrote the Lancaster House vision of Brexit, which protected financial services &amp; UK/EU free trade. The PM's built around this structure to appease the Clintons, and lock us in to the European project, using the Good Friday Agreement &amp; the Euro as her moral fig leaf.
A well-written thread on why is as guilty as the rest for the #BrexitShambles. When one party is saying the sky is green, it’s not the journo’s responsibility to present both sides; it’s their responsibility to look out of the window and call out the liar.
And Brexit has opened the door for a walk in . #watchthisspace
And again the EU does nothing. Just like it did nothing to enforce the ECJ ruling on monopoly against Microsoft bottoming EU/UK IT industry. Or against Japanese Gold market manipulation or China steel markets making 1000’s redundant. EU - inept &amp; inert. No deal Brexit is key now
Let's hope they resign tomorrow. I've given up expecting anything from those in the Cabinet, but let's see. Last chance saloon to keep their reputation.
May's Betrayal Agreement Signed: Britain on the Road to Brexit in Name Only via
Its been an interesting conversation bit like the whole Brexit debate - Me: But every single economic analysis says that we will be worse off in every way after leaving the EU &amp; the poorest will be worst hit. You: Dont give me facts I want a blue passport made in France &amp; etc...
Why are you blaming Jeremy Corbyn for Brexit and the incompetence the Tory Party have made of it? Unbelivable! !!
Britain deserves a better #Brexit than the one May is offering | Nicola Sturgeon
And a “No Brexit” announcement by the 12th.
You dont seem to understand that Starmer is Labour's Shadow Brexit Minister...its HIS job (not Corbyns) to speak on Brexit. Only the Tory leader feels the need to micromanage &amp; talk over their Ministers. If Labour Ministers depart from party line, they also depart from the job
We have not had control since Margaret Thatcher signed the Single European Act, which joined this Nation to the single market, customs union and gave sovereignty the European institutions. #Brexit
Brexit is a terrible thing to have on your CV.
Brexit LATEST: Angela Merkel’s allies issue GRAVE warning to UK ‘A HISTORIC MISTAKE’ | UK | News |
No vision, no leadership, no credibility.
with Pizza Club deciding policy BOILED BEEF AND CARROTS or any other exclusive English food suits Leavers more than EU food that now needs having visa control
I second every word. Thank you for this Edwin. Brilliant.
Excellent thread.
#TheresaMay in "Claims to 'Have a Heart' ..shock news".........UK falls about laughing
Make no mistake - Theresa May, Boris Johnson and the entire circus of conservatives know #Brexit is tits up, but they need a way to save face. Perhaps the EU can hold her hand and help to wiggle out of Brexit, &amp; in fact cancel it. Diplomacy is needed, it CAN happen. #PeoplesVote
EU Brexit summit: Which countries have an issue with the draft deal? | R... via
I’m at the Absolute Radio gig. Don’t listen to the naysayers, keep spreading the truth and exposing the insanity of Brexit!! Loved your bit - absolutely hilarious.
Should I do something really heroically stupid to gain publicity for my quest for a FinalSay? #EURef2 Like for Shave My Head (&amp; persuade others to follow me) RT for Brexit Cliff Jump (probably best I do that alone)
The establishments big plan all along...The less we leave the easier to rejoin
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement More manipulation folks, shes planning on signing the UN Migration Pact on 11th December which will allow millions of African &amp; Middle Eastern migrants into the country
No Sajid. The country needs a competent Government that is prepared to honour the Referendum and Manifesto promisees not wriggle like a fucking worm on a fishhook trying to do everything it can to NOT implement Brexit.
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
Can't see it happening but Banks in jail would be pretty lush.
Russia wants a weakened EU + is delighted that its UK assets are delivering Brexit.
&lt;What??!!!??&gt; EU leaders still hope for post-Brexit fishing access
More threats from treason may. What she doesn't get is, the British people will not be denied what they voted for, one way or another if you cannot fund 48 decent Tories , no laughing at the back, to stand against may then resign.
There is no such thing as doing it well. Any Brexit is a bad Brexit. And most people here don't want it. We've got policy being dictated by a few wealthy vested interests and a bunch of racists. And the most idiotic bunch of fringe nutters on both sides of the Commons.
‘Painful or pointless ?’ No one articulates an argument like our man TB. Oh for a leader like him now...
Why do you want him to advocate for Brexit? If it's so good, the neutral facts of the matter will show that without requiring presenters to take sides.
No deal for me then Dan
My daughter is a nurse - because she wants to do it, not through lack of choice . She doesn't wipe bums, HCAs and care workers do that. A large percentage of them came from the EU under FOM rules. Most of them have left now due to Brexit.
The Brexit 'deal' seems to be an exercise in delayed ratification.
Knowing something of how high stakes negotiations work (or don't), I just want to extend a simple, and heartfelt, THANK YOU for getting the job done. After Brexit is achieved in fact, take a well-deserved vacation. Cheers!
No pundits understood either Brexit nor the rise of Corbyn. They thought they owned the Labour Party
The lie re £394 m extra spending on NHS is repeat of Boris' lie. That money has nothing to do with Brexit. It is going to come from extra Government borrowing, and from better than expected tax receipts. She's putting out fake news.
Sorry but this is a sell out by the #Conservative Gov. As a member I am embarrassed by the number of MPs who are going down this line.Ppl will not forget &amp; unless this deal is stopped I for 1 along will millions will desert the party. 17.4m voted 2Leave the EU.This is not #Brexit
Spanish PM announces deal on Gibraltar ahead of Brexit summit via
Right on cue. Do people get it? This is WW3; #Trump and #Brexit were just the beginning...
#Brexit deal sign in 37 minutes .£39 billion. So now let's see if it goes through parliament...?
I thought this was about Brexit. I know who looks like the Emperor Penguin
I liked a video Brexit, Briefly
Yes, when Jon spoke about LibDems you chimed in to say about the Greens, when pointed out about the danger of splitting the vote, your only input was proportional representation or tactical voting as long as it’s for Greens. Brexit is Bigger than the Greens pride, it about people
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
What are the good points of Brexit?
Need a #WebDesigner or #WebDeveloper? Need To #debug and #fix #bugs, #errors in your #website? To get all the bug fixing related service please visit: #Victoria #Russian #RiverPlate #iKON #Ukraine #pakistan #Everton #NESTIVAL2018 #Victory #Brexit #brexit
I hate how tiny my attention spam is I wanna finish this paper I'm so done with Theresa may and Brexit and not finding the info I need and forgetting what I need
Do not listen to these brits! Their teeth is just like Hillary! CROOKED. Even brexit didn’t want them! I say OFF with their HEADS! Let’s cut off their lipton tea supply so they dry like raisins!!
we got here due to plenty of other potential/actual leaders failings. Fact is, he has been the most successful of the lot, &amp; has got his party in a position to frustrate the Tories Brexit. Who is to say Lab would have been able to do that with the others?
#brexit . A total betrayal of the vote to leave. We now depend on MPs to deliver the fatal blow this wretched agreement thoroughly deserves.
The only way to prevent the rise of fascism is to enact comprehensive fascist policies thus heading them off at the pass, depriving them of oxygen, and trumping their hate with our humanitarian love fascism.
No Brexit
Shut up keep up Brexit will be voted down on a vote of no confidence May will have 14 days to form a government - plus the EU Ruling you MUST have heard of .
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Yeah, but on the other hand, there's loads of people who can eloquently articulate why Brexit is batshit crazy who DIDN'T take the UK into an illegal war which took thousands of lives, so...
"Cabinet ministers have been urged to support this deal on the basis that it’s the best one Theresa May can get." That’s not good enough.
#Brexit #BrexitDeal #Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum?
True. Brexit will reduce our GDP; it has already weakened the £. Remain would increase GDP, allow better support for the NHS and allow our government to stop messing about creating hostile environments for all its citizens.
Scotland voted to stay in the UK. As a result of that the UK voted to leave the UK. Scotland voted as part of the United Kingdom. Opinion polls have consistently shown that, even with Brexit, Scots want to remain in the UK. Therefor independence can't possibly be the only option
I am, and I’d dearly like to see the back of him, but no way I’m voting for a Brexit supporting party riddled with antisemitism.
If only, my handsome.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
There's apparently a Bollocks to Brexit turning up
It's as if Theresa May doesn't exist...
Tory alert, blaming for the fiasco caused by CallMeDave #TheresaMay #Conservatives
Please don’t allow yorself be brainwashed or fooled that the Brexit deal is better than staying in the EU. It isn’t. It probably is as good as it can be but the fight must continue for a #peoplesvote
EU leaders urge Britons to back May’s Brexit deal, say it’s the best they will get
The #Brexit "deal" endorsed today is unworkable and attempting to implement it would poison UK-EU relations for years to come. UK Parliament should reject it and work towards a sane Brexit even if that means "no deal" right now. my TAZ editorial
I did. “Michael Gove is worried about Britain’s water supply after Brexit”. How did they know he was worried without speaking? Did he just have a funny look on his face?
TM is relying on the general public's lack of understanding of what deal actually means, it's implications &amp; it's impact. Also hoping that people are so fed up of talk of Brexit that they are willing to accept any deal just to get relief from Brexit. May be right!
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
A leader by default! He forgets who his greatest friend was/is. And it’s not the EU!
BBCNEWS 1:05pm WORLD NEWS TODAY EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. EU leaders endorse UK Brexit deal at summit EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Withdrawal...
A brilliant piece of journalism on Nigel Farage by Carole Cadwalladr which points to the gulf between his UK image as bloke with a pint, and the reality of his role between the Trump, the US far right, Brexit and the Kremlin.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row Brilliant!
its called BRAINWASHING and it happens everyday they think we're stupid
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
'Theresa May’s Brexit fightback is just another opportunity to vilify EU citizens like me' writes for
Now it is clear that UK Brexit team were acting for Moscow I expect the reality to be exposed by Mueller soon and will fall in hours via a no-confidence vote. Better sooner than later. What happened to Ireland?
That would be the grandchildren you don't have
I am a Brit and lived in Europe for 27 years. I would have also voted Brexit. My wife is Hungarian and I live in budapest because it is safer than london
Thought I'd try to distil all my Brexit knowledge into a book, but found I only had enough to put on the cover... Please feel free to add anything I've missed. #StopBrexit
We need a second referendum #PeoplesVoteNow
It's true what Suzy S. says. I was part of the 2 million UK army on 15 February 2003 who said, "Don't Attack #Iraq." #Blair was simply not interested. The murdering psychopath wanted &amp; achieved a horrendous bloodbath. The #PeoplesVote meant absolutely nothing whatsoever to him.
This headline --&gt; "In sadness, EU leaders approve Brexit deal"
Watch the United Kingdom collapse. Perhaps Nationalists should thank Corbyn?
Hi my name is Jeremy corbyn I love Brexit Brexit is my pound shop to the number 10 so don't count on me
It appears Theresa May is fighting for her Brexit deal on her own. Has anyone heard of any other senior Tory defending the deal with so much blind energy? She must be receiving some covert support from the Conservative Party. Nasty Party?
A limo lettuce would have been more effective in fighting brexit #betrayed
Theresa May is not doing what the majority want and voted for full Brexit nobody said it would be easy but she put herself out there for the job and she clearly is not up to it she has sold us down the river so she should walk away and leave it to somebody more capable end of
You snurp nosed humpty backed snot gobbling frig pig, never step outside your London bubble it's outside where the real Brexiteers lay and where you will find the true answers to Brexit. Pompous arse.
#EU agrees 'best possible' #Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
As with other people of your persuasion you are in total denial mode. you are a complete joke my friend.. it must be torture watching Brexit fall apart in front of your Bigoted eyes.
Gold, oil, stock markets and Forex should be watched for what is happening in Ukraine and Brexit and Mexico #OOTT #XAUUSD
Causing such misery for such dubious motives is unforgivable by any party or politician.
Brexit: France would use fishing demands as 'leverage' in trade talks #Scotland
Can't believe the PM has gone Rogue. Hopefully the house will veto the fudge it not brexit quazz.
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
Cash in on Trump+Brexit ?
Don't divide over Brexit/Remain. Unity against Racism and Fascism. Don't hand Leave voters over to the Far Right. That would be a catastrophic political mistake.
Will Brexit end up being null and void?
Steve gets it right pretty much
London calling. #Brexit
I know how the € might react! Also it’ll deflect from fucking Brexit.
Brexit Jones Diary.
So are we! Please x
#Brexit betrayed by pretending this is the only deal. She thinks she is bringing the country together when in fact she is doing so only in opposition to her feeble, puppetry. #NoDeal now, clean break.
I dream of a Brexit-thread-free future for my children. It may be too much to hope for, but we must try.
This is plastic Brexit from an incompetent mug who’s fallen for all the tricks from the corrupt EU bureaucrats. Vote no to Theresa’s false Brexit, it’s not the real deal.
The Observer view on Brexit and the future of Europe: Without seasoned British diplomacy to help smooth paths and unruffle feathers, US-EU tensions on trade, tariffs, Nato, climate change, Iran and Israel-Palestine could ... Trying telling that to young…
Can Mrs May honestly answer one question: Does UK forever remain trapped in EU as we will still be part of customs union?How will she control immigration from EU if UK has open borders with Ireland?Will she deport illegals climbing cliffs in Kent? #Brexit #Brussels #MayInBrussels
You cannot be serious
They know this, but Brexit isn’t their mess. Labour leadership are democrats &amp; have 60% of leave constituencies but understand our poorest regions won’t benefit - even though they voted leave. To maintain support &amp; to GTTO they need to be seen not to kill Brexit.
International security crisis in Ukraine; US firing tear gas into Mexico; a chemical weapons attack in Syria; up to a million people in re-education camps in China; make or break moment for Brexit; brazen murder from the Saudis. Lots of dangerous threads all while Trump unravels.
Of all the awful things she has said and done this really tops it..
Like all politicians you are a liar. Parliament cannot block no deal Brexit. The UK leaves on 29 March 2019 whether there is a deal or not and no resolution of Parliament can change that. But vote against the deal, please, and we will get the no deal exit we want.
We were joined by and at our stall yesterday in the drizzle along with 60 participants. Want to know the results of our Devizes Brexitometer? Spoiler alert 83% on our straw poll said "No Brexit". Encouraging eh?
Was EU Tax Evasion Regulation The Reason For The Brexit Referendum? by
The will of the people drivel is the rhetoric of a tin pot dictator in a fascist state. How can you support a decision which was won by lying and cheating. Brexit is the will of the Tories not the people.
I’m afraid you’re being very naive. I also voted Leave expecting a long transition to FTA to avoid no deal. That’s what it’s being sold as, but it’s not what’s happening. The WA IS Brexit. The backstop IS Brexit. It is the basis for the future relationship. Permanent CU, no say.
Could be grounds for abortion in your book.
brexit is a political disaster oh my god
I'll tell you why!!! becuase if you listen to him he gives by far the best analysis of the brexit situation. He has been our best PM in the last 50 years. Stop mouthing slogans you've learned from others and listen to what he has to say!
Probably not as fed up as those that have been telling you for years that no good could come of Brexit and it would all end very badly. You’ve scored a massive own goal congratulations sadly we’re all stuck with what you voted for which was an unknown way of leaving a treaty
There is no good Brexit deal. Quit helping the rabid right deliver their long held pipe dream.
After EU endorses Brexit deal, Theresa May tells UK: 'This is all there is'
Two years ago I said the Prime Minister would deliver no more than “Brexit” in name only and would fail to win Leavers and Remainers alike. Tomorrow looks like my big “I told you so” moment..
No it’s called a Parliamentary Democracy. And that why we don’t have direct referenda, and that the Brexit vote was only advisory.
Also, "millions now struggle to sustain their loyalty" lmao The 2017 manifesto confirmed they accepted the result of the Brexit referendum and they gained 3.5 million voters You're morally and intellectually bankrupt
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
Rubbish. This is not a deal and it is not Brexit, it is a betrayal of our future and a total breaking of ‘s own promises. In fact it is treason.
Their very own ration books #Brexit
This is the only deal possible (apparently). So our options are: this deal; no deal; don’t leave the EU. And we can forget Jeremy Corbyn’s unicorns and empty promises of a renegotiation. It ain’t going to happen #PeoplesVote #NoBrexit
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (11) Some people will hate me for writing this. (They will be members of the Establishment.) Others will think I'm deluded. (They will be people who believe what they read in newspapers.)
Subject: Fire Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to inform you of a fire which has broken out on the premises of... no, that's too formal. Dear Sir/Madam, Fire! Fire! Help me! 10 Downing Street. Looking forward to hearing from you. All the best, Theresa May.
Oh, yeah, and if you're thinking "why now?" 1) Brexit negotiations 2) Caravan arrival 3) Increased military presence from both NATO internationally and now Trump at the border and Russia w/ Ukraine They're working together.
So we get a momentum Brexit. Fucking great.
Its simple May and direct offenders go to jail regards 13/07/06 and Leveson2 and Brexit falls.. a PM cannot block justice against herself when elected by the people under false pretence..
That book looks like a good starting point for (without insulting your 2yo!)
Yeah if you want some empty headed 'flake to get it all wrong on Brexit, check out Chambers.
#Labour #JeremyCorbyn Any answers? RT : Can someone explain Labour’s Brexit (cont)
As recorded statements, on the imminent departure, I'm sure they're accurate, but the political gesturing is unnerving (by one and all)! #brexit
what brexit is really about!!
Fine. So be it
Vital thread.
I’m actually sat feeling depressed about the whole thing. I’m worried that without any opposition from Corbyn, this will just get through on a second reading. Surely Brexit can’t really be allowed to happen?
I like you #Sajid but you know she has failed! #brexit #BadDeal #GetMayOut
Political game of Twister
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Now, how will it end!?
See the other posts, but the Courts ruled "Bollocks" is not indecent, after the Sex Pistols case. So it must be #Brexit they are objecting to.
Brexit: Emmanuel Macron in EU customs union threat to Scottish fishing ...
Spain thinks its QE1.2 w/ their "Diplo-Armada" &amp; "Inquisition" about her OWN PEOPLE. HUNTED DOWN a Regional Leader bc he JUST wasn't #PatricianAttritionist enough to "work" an "Iron Maiden." Opus Dei is comparitively tame! :| #Brexit #Auspol
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
May’s focus shifts to hard sell after sealing Brexit deal UK prime minister faces uphill battle at home to ratify agreement via
Thank you Stephen for allowing a balanced un-interrupted and fair un-biased presentation of both brexit and leave views.
Yes. I agree. Good vision. Not working so well with the #giletsjaunes however
If they dare to vote with May or even abstain I want to see the whip withdrawn immediately too many people are suffering to let these clowns play games
Funny how Macron turns to attacking other nations when his efficiency back home plummets
Brexit?
Add in and you can have Deal v No Deal v No Brexit v General Election.
Capital flight - another consequence of #Brexit no one voted for. Lower revenue for HMRC means continued &amp; permanent austerity: underfunded public services, crumbling roads &amp; schools, and an NHS in permanent crisis. We demand a #peoplesvote based on the facts, not lies
Was the Rotterdam port inc all its fantastic systems and goods checks 40km from the port built in 4 months? But wait, Rotterdam are concerned that they’ll have 5 mile queues due to Brexit and they’re concerned how far the U.K. is behind them in preparation
The Week Ahead Brexit and Trade War via #tradewars #china #us #trump #Trading #investing #motivation
Whilst the last 2 years of Brexit nonsense have been coloured by an absurd sense of UK exceptionalism, on this occasion I do feel the House of Commons should outrank *checks notes* the San Mateo Superior Court.
‘We will never pledge allegiance to a British Queen. No, nay, never.’ Huge! : Sinn Fein keeping the door open to pledging allegiance to a British King.
Both the EU and the Tories are happy to throw its citizens under the bus with triumphant declarations of an "end to free movement" this is a sad, sad day today and 52% of the UK electorate were played like fiddles in 2016 #Brexit
Imho more likely labour would get royal assent than tories, but yeah, either could cave to the media given the right set of circumstances. Brexit is going to log jam parliament as well, once they have to start passing bills to set whatever we end up with in place.
"We leave without a deal, we negotiate on border issues and things like that." Very much devil in the detail stuff here, because "things like that", as it happens, are pretty bloody important you; jumped up, self-serving, mascot of bigotry. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #Remain
If those that wanted (however mislead) Brexit won't support it, why the bloody hell should we!
I had the exact same thought watching him this morning.
BBCNEWS 1:07pm EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. May: 'l'm not sad that we're leaving the EU' EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Jean-Claude Juncker tells...
Trump ain’t gonna do shit and England is paralysed by Brexit
This is a good thread, but imo it misses perhaps the worst consequence of brexit
Just to clarify, ‘British nationalism’ is a fig leaf for English nationalism: #Brexit is an English disease, conceived in the far right of the #NastyParty - something foisted on Scotland and NI by xenophobic English nationalists.
If the Russians had any investment in the Brexit shambles now would be the time to reap the rewards!
Penny just heard the 'B' word. No. Not Brexit. Biscuit
New post (Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon) has been published on Parsian English News -
Jesus it just gets worse and worse..... please do something....
You will never hear anyone on the mainstream media say this, but both Jeremy Corbyn and Keir Starmer have played a blinder on Brexit, because what Theresa May has done is kicked a whole lot of troublesome issues down the road. She has left massive chaos behind her ….
#PeterAltmaier is one the few corrupt #Europeans supporting #NordStream2 #Gas therefor funding #Putins happy few mafia gang with Billions of $$$ to sabotage us with pleasure in return including the #UK he is complicit and an ordinary #hypocrite! #Brexit
brexit is no longer happening
what people want is what we voted- brexit - not exit with deal - deal has nothing to do with brexit - so she is totally wrong - what she gave us was what Olly wants
How brexit can work....
The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse via
Theresa May faces daunting Commons arithmetic on Brexit deal UK prime minister faces uphill battle at home to ratify agreement via
Theresa May's ' letter to the Nation' in full #Brexit
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
REVEALED: Secret Brexit 'Plan B' options drawn up by EU and Treasury if deal fails
I agree with a lot of the comments. This is desperation.
It's as though you were there with Jeremy doing all this strategic planning......if Brexit is stopped, you must both come forward &amp; be thanked by a grateful nation. Strange that nobody else seems to see these things quite like you do.
I wanted to stay and now the younger generations are going to have the deal with the consequences and the future of uncertainty scares me. I voted stay because I believe being United is better than having walls. #Brexit
I’ll be giving the British Canadian Chamber of Trade and Commerce reaction to the #brexit #EU approved agreement to #internationalTrade
The BBC are selling Brexit to people on behalf of the UK government
Spain to back Brexit deal after UK agrees to Gibraltar terms
Nice bio. "unhealthy hatred for Brexit" You lost, and it drove you to hatred. You're a joke.
Yes, his word is worthless. He awaits a peerage. He is a devious wee rat in fact.
4/ Dear are you really happy supporting a #Brexit which will deny the right to live, work, study and love across 30 countries to your constituents, particularly the poor and young, who may well want to use that right, especially if the economy tanks?
Yes, Mr Soros, President Trump is a powerful, can-do man who understands &amp; loves our country. Look at the news today-the UK voted Brexit for all. Seems the folks love their cultures &amp; countries, too. Globalism is crippled, if not dead!
Bloody foreigners coming over and not answering there phone #brexit
When brexit hits peak levels
Another one for the little book of names
In 1982, Margaret Thatcher and the UK went to war with Argentina over British sovereignty of the Falkland Islands/Malvinas with 904 lives lost. In 2018, 36 years later, Theresa May and the UK gave up the sovereignty of Gibraltar to save her discredited Brexit withdraw agreement.
Why a 'sunset clause' could restore the near total collapse of trust in the Brexit process, says Thomas Sharpe QC
Their point is kinda valid. My identity is that of a mix culture person brought up in diverse inner London. Brexit is threatening my identity which is one of the reasons why I resent it so much.
If the Russians had any investment in the Brexit shambles now would be the time to reap the rewards!
Brexit means Brexit obviously.
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal” | Coffee House
Theresa May says she is not sad Britain is leaving the EU. She said today, “The British people don’t want to spend any time arguing about Brexit.” Not true. Veterans for Europe holds to the pro-EU position May took in 2016. The only sensible alternative to her bad deal is Remain.
GLAD TO HAVE VOTED LEAVE . Shame r politicians are like donkeys leading LIONS , MAYs deal is not LEAVING THE EU - its Brexit name only and now supplicating to the altar of the EU
Britain's May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
To all of you that think Labour haven't done enough to quell the Tory travesty that is Brexit. Watch this.
Stop BREXIT!!!
I would urge anyone that thinks we have a competent government who have negotiated an acceptable deal to turn over to the BBC parliament Channel right now and watch the unhinged lunatic Karen Bradley failing to understand what she is signing. #brexit
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
We don’t get a choice to back it you terrible bellend. How about a referendum? We could have the three choices you mentioned, your deal, no deal, or no Brexit at all... just saying.
Here it is again - a ridiculous likening of Brexit to war. This is insulting to all the civilians and military personnel that lost their lives as a result of that war. When will this end?
a man who his voters are now beginning to realise is a complete globalist puppet
A column to be heavily quoted from in future years when this two year delusion is seen for what it was. Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams | Politics | The Guardian
therea may says there will be no hard border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland but they're currently spending the same currency, when brexit comes along that's all gunna stop
Who would pay attention to what this horrible cunt has to say
May begs the public: unite behind me on Brexit deal #News #theguardianuk
The NI border is a non-issue raised to muddy the waters. After a clean BREXIT the only reason why a "hard border" would be imposed would be on the Irish side at the behest of the EU. You obviously missed several speeches where leaving the CU &amp; SM were mentioned.
Brexit means brexit
We don't want your unicorns. Come out for stopping brexit dead without bothering with a vote, or for a #peoplesvote and then you'll win your GE
EU leaders, put in the knife, Treesa May, is getting some strife, Grasping at straws She's unlocking doors, No way out? Here endeth political life. #Brexit #BackTheBrexitDeal
Ask your MP for a final say on Brexit:
Let them keep their Brexit.
oh dear
English: In all our democracies, our duty is to succeed in giving back to the working classes and the middle classes perspectives and an ability to build progress. This is also the lesson of Brexit.
BBCNEWS 1:07pm RUSSIA UKRAINE TENSIONS. Ukraine accuses Russia of firing on its navy EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. EU leaders endorse UK...
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn | Politics | The Guardian
This moment is critical for Europe - the honour of Conservatives is at stake, but saving face should not mean shoving an entire nation off the cliff! Perhaps if the rest of Europe can be more sympathetic, the UK can in fact be saved from #Brexit, the biggest mistake in 1000 years
Feel exactly as you do, I worry dreadfully about the world we leave behind for our grandchildren, what a mess this #Brexit is! it's beyond forgiving #DissolveTheUnion #Indyref
2019 - #Brexit. 2020 - #Brentry. I'm sure Ireland would be willing to sponsor the entry of the UK into the EU.
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? Who is this Jeremy you are talking about? Where is he hiding? Why has he kept so quiet? #PeoplesVoteNow
EU leaders urge Britons to back May’s Brexit deal, say it’s the best they will get
A bad deal is better than a no deal, a no deal is better than a bad deal. #brexit
Brexit: EU leaders approve Theresa May's deal but warn it cannot be renegotiated
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (12) Actually I understand perfectly well that we cannot present Brexit as a success. If we did the EU would block it, as act of self-preservation.
The vote isn’t due until week of 10th December. We’ll see then. Enjoy a smug tomorrow while you can.
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Check this poll out 13k votes, 90% against #BackTheBrexitDeal
Time for a bit of truth and honesty, properly considered. No shitty deal, no shitty Brexit
Stop regurgitating the propaganda - it doesn't deliver Brexit.
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
More #BrexitChaos. Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU | Politics
IRON MAIDEN vocalist Bruce Dickinson has posted a video on why he voted "YES" for Brexit ..
Haha. Wise leader? That so 2000 and late!!! Britain is imploding over brexit. Neo nazis on the march in Germany and Austria. Etc etc.
OK, I initially touted May's deal as an easy route to Brexit with good relations with the EU. I was exploring it. I wanted to bring things to a close. After reading this, I am now convinced May's deal is not Brexit in any shape or form, and I join the fight against it.
Trump/Brexit! They know when the opportunity is ripe
Brexit: 2phone calls fmly+friend 2day asking me get the h...out n back2 France. Tempting but if only my 2kids didn't feel British, my heart wasn't in Wales n France wasn't so unapologetic racist (yes covert UK racism allows me 2just ignore those fools sometimes). Yes, if only...
Sovereignty! There you have it. It was always a con, that taking back control. UK resources being carved up, that's not taking back control. That's chopping your limbs off one by one and feeding them to your neighbours.
So fundamentally the test is whether this is a useful stepping stone on our way out, or a dead end to Brexit limbo. It’s exactly the same fear that many people have - I honestly don’t know the answer. If I were an MP needing to vote, that’s the key thing I’d want to understand.
This moment is critical for Europe - the honour of Conservatives is at stake, but saving face should not mean shoving an entire nation off the cliff! Perhaps if the rest of Europe can be more sympathetic, the UK can in fact be saved from #Brexit, the biggest mistake in 1000 years
I will take one rather than Brexit anytime.
Come then Jacob, do something...
Oh, yeah, and if you're thinking "why now?" 1) Brexit negotiations 2) Caravan arrival 3) recent increased military presence from a) NATO (internationally) b) Operation Patriot in the U.S. They're working together, I think.
The Tories are the reason we are in this damn situation. By appropriating the use of UKIP ideology and rhetoric they attempted to steal votes off UKIP in the 2015 election by promising a referendum on Brexit, and the rest is history they shall refer to as "interesting times"
Lots of us will be more happy to stay
I reckon she had not prepared for this question hence the stupid answer She can't think on her feet, definitely pushing her luck as a PM #BrexitShambles #Brexit
#StopBrexit Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
"The EU will be sad to see the British leave, but this will not mean that they’ll give them an easy ride in the future... the texts that have been signed off represent only a small fraction of Brexit – and probably the simpler parts at that" -
This country is only a democracy when it suits knob cheeses like this utter shit for brains human question mark
He can’t get off the fence because his Brexit trousers have snagged on the Tory spikes!
Damn straight we don't want to keep banging on about Brexit....so stop damaging the country an we won't have to. #PeoplesVote
Oh she does like this brexit deal
Foolish is clearly in May's armoury. Sadly few are listening to people on the ground.
Dear I would have a least a little respect for you if you just told the people the truth ie that any brexit deal of any persuasion is worse than the deal we have right now. I would really respect you if you did what was right for the country #Remain #stoplying
From a purely ancient historical perspective it must be somewhat amusing for the French and Germans to watch the UK commit suicide. #Brexit
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing -
Brexit is CANCELLED. It had a good run.
Your party is heading for oblivion for betraying Brexit. Enjoy being in it while it lasts.
you have an awful lot to hide don't you? was it a private visit to the ecuadorean embassy, was it related to lbc or can't you remember?
Speaking about spanking...
Corbyn will be the working classes punishment for the remainiac middle class. Screw up brexit We'll screw up the country for you. We the working class have nothing left to lose.
we need to support a smooth brexit even though lots of us didn’t want it.
The Economist magazine predicted before the Referendum that further an area is from London they will vote for Brexit except Scotland. It was right. Think about it.
No mate, it was Brexit. We warned you this is where we’d end up
I'm keen on Scottish Independence, but I would be fairly pleased if Brexit failed. I don't want to spend the last few years of my life in the misery that leaving the EU will entail. Independence is coming in any case , although nothing is certain in this life.
Not 2 but 3 Options...Now Before Mays deal..Remainers called for a final vote on Leave or the new deal. Errr Mays deal not looking so good. So lets include a remain vote, bless um #brexit
I can summarise it in three words "surrender and betrayal" #Brexit
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
Our universities are vital for a successful post-Brexit UK economy and society. The right policy support from government is needed to ensure that they can thrive. My article for via
Which is that, post-brexit, the government will be so desperate to sign a deal with the US that they will do it on any terms whatever
While Trump was on hole #12 today...
As a lifelong Labour supporter I can explain: This current Labour leadership is failing the country, much more so than the Government. It pains me to say it, but it's true.
One thing I can’t get my head round is this picture? This was deception! #Brexit #howdidtheygetawaywithit
Many thanks for this handy update re all the various court cases, it will be interesting to see how they all turn out.
You continue to talk as if payments to the EU come without benefits to the UK, acting as if they are a one directional transaction. And as you well know "taking control of our money " only relates to the 2% government spending that is our EU payment. #Brexit #TheresaMay
It seems someone has used an obliviate spell on Jakey Trolling
The world is going to hell, and only Trump, russia and China are loving it.
What like the last 3 Brexit Secretaries you mean?
RT #TREASON #EU #officials have kickstarted #plans to #extend #Britain’s #stay in #EU amid fears #TheresaMay’s controversial #Brexit #Deal will be sunk by #Rebellious #MPs in the #Commons. #TRAITOR #HAMMOND #StandUp4Brexit! #MayMustGoNOW! …
No, not at all. There's a massive difference between failing to deliver what was in your manifesto and Brexit. Brexit is a crime scene but it's convenient for everyone to look the other way for their own personal benefit.
Will Brexit magically unite Britain? It could do if we get people talking and thinking together now. BREXIT QIARK - A never more important moment?
I voted remain. Due to Catalonia I no longer trust the EU. I want Mays Brexit destroyed but I see there are Tories and the Antichrist DUP talking about an EFTA type Brexit. Thats something I would vote for if it was in a peoples vote. I would prefer #indyref2 but am desperate
Tomorrows Headline: Brexit bombs, Border Breaks, Boats Battle.
Along with Brexit and Trump, concrete proof the world gas gone mad.
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
All the other authoritarians want attention too! Warships, teargas, all of a sudden on the Brexit Sunday. Who next?
80 years after Chamberlain proclaimed “Peace for our time”, a different Europe, but the same appeasement. A #brexit lauded by unelected Eurocrats, but that pleases NO-ONE in the UK. will be first to collect her P45, followed by the rest of the Conservative MPs.
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
But the majority of Brits voted to leave the EU, but they’re in the news daily as they protest about how unhappy they are about Brexit. What did they think they were voting for and what did they think they would get in the end?
‘Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power’
Relax the ridiculous 3% parameters and teach children in schools at the lowest level what EU is and what it does. No more #Brexit shoukd arise from ignorance and misinformation
Good luck with Brexit! God damn you're a idiot
The establishment have been paying lip service to #brexit since day one,we were accorded the vote but the result was not the one they wanted or expected,it’s time for change #believeinleave
‘Almost nothing is true’: Scotland’s #Sturgeon on UK PM May’s #Brexit deal #UK
She's asking for a lot, I mean, even if she were to rip apart Article 13 would anyone be willing to back her Brexit deal?
I don't like you #AlastairCampbell because you lie for a living, but on this point I wholeheartedly agree! #brexit #BadDeal #GetMayOut
brexit is nr.5 trending hashtag in UK in last 4 hours. #brexit
How high? The answer Britain always gives the EU when asked to jump. Spain forces UK into deal on Gibraltar
After 17 months of Brexit negotiations and a deal with the EU, Theresa May isn't yet half-way there
Nobody believes anything you say anymore You no longer command or deserve the trust of the British people. Please, for all our sakes, resign and do it Brexit#StandUp4Brexit #ChuckChequers added,
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Lame duck period in US, Trump not interested in general, Brexit, Macron tumbling. Russia is making it's move. Because it can as everyone else seems occupied.
Prior to 1973 only the rich could holiday abroad or go to work or live in other countries. FoM gave us all the right to do this freely In EU27. If brexit happens, it will go back to being the rich only again.
The deluded cunt is you ..... oops sorry deluded ****! Actually right the first time!
Great thread #StillWithHer #ReadingIsFundamental
As member of the party I support a special conference on the motion to: stop Brexit.
How does this enforce a Tory Brexit?
The proposed brexit deal now puts the tories on a parliamentary skewer. Someone please tell them it is the job of government to guide the country in the best possible path. They seem to have forgotten that parliament and MPs SERVE the nation #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #MayMustGo
Back within a decade? So you’re ok with the UK adopting the Euro and Schengen?
Rubbish. Labour *is* a Remain party, being blocked by an idiotic leader who lost the last GE and will never win another.
Well, at least they won't have them to use when the Brexit riots start. I suppose the EU will send in its army...
Yes, and here is where he stands currently
It’s a Tory establishment cluster brexit. Own it posh boys.
. The EU has endorsed UK PM Theresa May's Brexit proposal, effectively keeping the UK bound to EU rules but without voting rights. Over 100 Tories alone have said they will reject the deal, with Brexit architect Nigel Farage calling it the worst deal in history
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing | BBC
Ian the fact is that as a Remainer, you never would've been convinced by any deal. That's the disingenuity of the People's vote: their dissatisfaction is inevitable. Brexit was always going to involve trade offs. You can't argue you've been let down if Brexit was never achievable
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing The French president
The non-Brit dummy’s guide to Brexit (because it affects you too)
How about no!
European Union OKs Brexit; now it's up to Britain #UTBreakingNews
This is rubbish. Labour would have lost support if Corbyn had denied the need to take account of the referendum. Now the result has played out, it’s a different matter.
Oh come on wake up
Hopefully we will have real Cod and Chips back on menu after #Brexit. UK water fishes for UK fisheries only. No #EU boats in UK waters for fishing.
It's obvious you still don't understand the level of feeling in the country - 17.4 m electors demand a clean Brexit, not this #capitulation By siding with TM you're writing your own political obituary! I urge you to see sense &amp; support finding a new PM.
O'Neill is spot on about the Irish PM "The most perverse thing about ­Varadkar’s pom-pom waving for the EU is that he is siding with an institution that has treated Ireland like trash, while sneering at a nation — Britain — that has helped it a great deal in recent years"
BREXIT WARNING: Theresa May's deal will push Tory Brexiteers to vote for Jeremy Corbyn I would never vote Corbyn or Labour.. but I'm very probably NOT voting Tory either
Brexit is not in the interests of any citizens or any companies in any EU country. The British government knows this and yet still goes ahead
Good riddance.
These 5 definitions of Brexit went viral. It’s easy to see why.
„Has a prime minister ever worked so hard and expended so much political capital to slash a nation’s power, restrain freedom for its citizens, frustrate businesses and reduce economic strength?“
High Court to rule if Brexit referendum vote is ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Diary alert...
#brexit parliament, this is now down to you. Vote for the deal for the good of the country, or reject it for your own political careers. Your choice!!!
»The EU actively resists any meaningful change to neoliberal policy and its rules and...
Very good thread. Farage is in many ways a part of Blunkett/Reid/Smith's legacy, and let's not forget Gordon Brown helpfully demanding "British jobs for British people" back in 2009.
!!! BROKEN: BREXIT DEAL and #StayMay’s credibility — but, luckily, UK is on course for NO DEAL, DEFAULT-WTO EXIT, as #BrinoTurd becomes effective EU RE-ENTRY !!! Fishermen Betrayed: Macron Gloats He Will Force UK to Surrender Waters via
What parliament has made they can unmake &amp; anyway, as most MPs think Brexit isn't in the national interest (even the PM) they're only doing it in response to narrow, advisory ref. If people have changed their mind, then on same basis as they should stop it. #PeoplesVote
#brexit has said that if the deal is rejected there can be #nobrexit Yes ! That’s what we want ! #defeatthedeal Poll reveals the majority of Brexiteers' constituents would now vote Remain
‘Almost Nothing Is True’: Scotland’s Sturgeon on UK PM May’s Brexit Deal: via
Murder inquiry launched after seriously injured man dumped near hospital dies #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit #brexitshambles
Yep, but we are choosing to leave and you said we've survived war we can survive this, and yes I also think we can survive #Brexit I just don't think we should have too as it's clearly damaging or we wouldn't need to survive it. I'd not leave until we've a good plan
It is most regrettable that the government is not trying to sell the deal on its merits, but is seeking to take advantage of legal complexities to misrepresent the legal effects of the agreement on this critical point as well as others. #ManagedNoDeal
I'm surprised as an airline pilot/touring musician he'd want Brexit as it'll royally fuck up his jobs in Europe but there we go
The press seem to see the same #Facts that I do. I note (as does anyone else reading this thread) that you havent so far supported ANY of your #FakeNews assertions with any independent links. ALL mine have been supported. Still waiting for that apology...
Perspective; Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
Joined Tory party to swell numbers for Brexit. Now I have seen what May and you are doing I will never vote Tory again if Brexit does not happen. Make that ‘If Brexit does not happen’ I will never vote again. Period.
. Brexit is nothing to do with the Good Friday Agreement, nobody wants a border, we're not leaving the ECHR; so sell crazy some place else.
I think ref #2 will have a somewhat different tone...
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit | Breitbart via
"how do you decide what to have for dinner? Is it a simpler decision than the brexit referendum?"
Oh so true
Blair brilliant as ever on Marr! If only we had politicians of his calibre today either in government or opposition. We wouldn't be in the mess we have ended up in.
Yes we should have a People's Vote on this deal but also we need a Scottish lock (respecting our right to self determination) in the event of another English majority voting Brexit.
EU officials given date for crunch Brexit vote in Commons
“Yes He, He, He We’ve only gone and bloody done it Brexit means Remain” “Only one little hurdle to go Theresa and we will guarantee your EU pension allegedly!”#StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing +1 UKBot #UK #politics
EU leaders meet in Brussels to sign off on a Brexit deal that Theresa May is going to struggle to get through the U.K. Parliament via
There's a brilliant documentary about post brexit Britain on at the moment.
Ya expect this kind of crap from the ... but from the !? What eff is wrong with you!?
Funny how is suddenly rearing his pompous, triumphalist head now he thinks a deal is done. Just watching on following him like a lost dog looking for a master. #brexit negotiations should be handed to a proper Brexit supporter. #NoDeal now.
Another astonishing failure of the WA as revealed by Dan Hannan. #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #BlueIsTheNewWhite #Surrender
What a spiteful woman! Her hatred for anything British continues.
Who knew Labour would betray Britain and democracy? Don't see them standing up &amp; fighting for #Brexit. #BorisJohnson
Accepted. Now, how is your UK gonna look after brexit. Tell everyone, because your Gov doesn't know. Go for it big lad. #FlyTheFlag
Eh? The Tories brought us Brexit and are the sole architects of the shambles. If Corbyn had chained himself to the railings of No 10, May would have carried on regardless. Yes it would have appeased you and others but it would have altered nothing. #CentristBlameGame
Oh yes PLEASE! #StopBrexit. #PeoplesVote #Remain #Endthechaos
You can only admire Theresa May, for her political agility #Brexit
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal #news
Yes because UK won,t beyour slave anymore, hurrah!
#Brexit risks hypernormalisation. To make mistakes once is perhaps forgivable; to not heed history and repeat those mistakes is negligent.
The non-Brits guide to Brexit (because it affects you too)
I remember the morning of the vote on brexit I picked a top Whitehall customer I said what do you think of the vote she said to me what do you mean Dear I said the vote she we haven’t even discussed it in Whitehall that’s how sure it would be stay they truly treat us in contempt
Well if you are interested in the topic, here's a link. Obviously this has implications for anyone who has the sort of serious condition which requires a SPECT scan:
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing -
Cultivate and then elect a change agent. The US have done it with Trump, we Brits are doing the Brexit thing. You might not like it, but only the populist right can truly threaten the globalists. Hold your nose and vote start supporting the right wing populists. Just b careful!
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit. #BlackSunday
Why are we listening to a very rich man who sold the soul of the labour party to business interests.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn #Brexit
People acting like the UK has a choice. Its either accept what the EU are willing to accept or leave with no deals. Simple. They have the upper hand and we aint got no poker players. UK will be poorer. Fact. #brexit #weaskedforit
Taking advantage of what they have done to the Uk with Brexit and the USA with Trump no doubt. It is time to step it up...... Not good
Jeremy Corbyn has confirmed Labour will oppose Theresa May’s Brexit deal in the Commons because it’s a „bad deal for the country“ that „leaves us with the worst of all worlds.“
The want to believe anything except people being sick and tired of the EU. They’ve woven these fancy ideals around Brexit and tied themselves in knots to explain it away. But the simplest answer is closest to the truth we just dislike the EU and it’s unbridled bureaucracy.
" #Brexit is not all doom and gloom..."
I blame the Tories but Corbyn’s lack of enthusiasm for EU evident in his low-key leadership throughout the referendum campaign- btw he never showed face during 2014 referendum campaign, so yes I’m wary of his motives- ever since the 70’s,socialism in 1 country stuff is useless
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Brexit is just a sideshow. A bigger danger for the European Union looms from the east
. passed a resolution last Thursday supporting a recall conference on a #PeopesVote Copies sent to
ECB QE ends December. Italian budget rejected and spreads rising. Germany in negative growth. Riots in France. EU cannot afford chaotic Brexit #WTOExit now
Good God. Even the British Brexit Company is shifting its opinion!
Fuck, people it's only Sunday...
May SELLS OUT Britain, we are to be shackled to Brussels for decades. #MayMustGoNow #WTOBrexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal #Brexit #Juncker #EU #Labour #FBPE #UKIP #ChuckMay #WTO #Anglosphere #Remoaners #Mogg #ToriesAreToast
Investors say markets unlikely to help May on Brexit
Are you still watching NFarage or make any note of this clown?
What an ugly and ignorant sentiment. Apart from it's inadvertant description of how life is going to get worse for the poorest and most vulnerable when brexit happens. That's on the money.
So why will U.S. media airwaves be dominated by 'migrant caravan' attacked by border security using teargas? It will be wall-to-wall media coverage. So that's USA taken care of. UK has a Brexit diaster plan - that's us out. UK/USA lead any UN or NATO security actions now defunct
non of us WILL
There would only ever be one deal if Brexit is negotiated by a Remainer PM who can’t look outside the EU box.
Rubber Bandits on Twitter
Brexit - my personal nighmare - I'm English and for the moment live in france, I own a house here - if there is "no deal" I will very probably have no right to live in France. I have no other choice...
Incorrect. There is a concrete path to no deal. It's not my preferred outcome. I'd rather remain and there is a very unlikely path to that outcome. Otherwise I'd rather no deal given that May's deal will hurt but has no chance of actually settling this ridiculous Brexit question.
Will he manage to stay sober long enough to carry out that noble cause or will his legs buckle under the weight of his cognac bottle.
. Brexit's nothing to do with the Good Friday Agreement, nobody wants a border, we're not leaving the ECHR; sell crazy some place else.
"True Brexit has never been tried!"
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
Lie oh you lie ...... ......
There’s no provision in the Lisbon Treaty to revoke article 50. There is a case currently before the ECJ, brought by Scottish MPs who want to stop Brexit, asking whether it’s possible to withdraw art.50. Last week the UK Supreme blocked a government challenge to their case.
Which will only worsen in a no deal Brexit, not improve.
When gays go Brexit
I just met a Leaver who thinks the EU is a German plot to reverse the result of the World Wars. He's trying to flog infrastructure projects in Africa. "The UK ECG's are great, and it only needs 20% UK to qualify. I'll use Pakistan for 80%, they're cheap. #Brexit will be great."
“What the British people want,” the prime minister said time and again, on each occasion mistaking what she herself wanted for what the British people wanted.
I think I live in another place. I saw people the other week congratulate someone for rolling their eyes behind #Farage on #C4Brexit. I saw it and her comment at the end which said #Brexit would mean potentially more immigration. No facts. The opposite of initial action.
These days people don't lie anymore. They are "reheating a very controversial notion". #Brexit
Mad Max Fury Road is on #Brexit
All parties have.
Wrong end of the stick, Helene. We have chosen independence &amp; self-determination. But that doesn’t mean we can’t remain friends, allies and trading partners. That said, the arrogant and oppressive behaviour of Brussels will win few friends in the UK.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (13) I also understand that the People can't be told the truth. (That won't come until we're truly democratic, centuries hence.) But why do the lies they are told have to be so horribly cruel?
Brexit ready.
Don't forget. Brexit was Russia rigged too...
Watching the opening scenes of Mad Max Fury Road when Matteo comments- that’ll be Brexit Britain. Laugh so much I started coughing, again
You really have no idea Caroline. The three options are: May's Deal No Deal No Brexit Why not let the people decide? #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Ya finally got me, Julia. I'm quitting my low-down, metroplitan elite, trampolining, EU quisling ways and joining the unicorn parade. Hard Brexit now!!!!
Where's Wally but it's Theresa may trying to find someone who likes her brexit deal, but there's no one
Wow. Words cannot explain the idiocy of this tweet.
Hang on Maggie it is what the majority wants...no EU!
Mate, you sound like English pro brexit politician... Sad, scary...yet very true. #whatdidthewookiesdoforus #stopthewookiesjumpingthequeue
These days people don't lie anymore. They are "reheating a very controversial notion". #Brexit
My MP simply does not acknowledge ANY emails! and he's the chief whip. Of course a lot on his plate to be bothered with people who actually voted for him. But heck next time round then it's payback time.
Let's connect the world Just hit Retweet #CNNSOTU #Bitcoin #Brexit #Blizzard #CyberMonday #DoctorWho #DivaSantoTomas #earthquake #F1 #FelizDomingo #GoHawks #HolyWar #Job #KadinaSiddeteHayir #LGBTQoftheworld #RetweeetPlease #SundayMorning #U17WWC
Sorry I can not agree with you there, she has NOT provided the Brexit she promised us on many many many occasions...
What's the difference between populist &amp; popular? After #EUWithdrawal &amp; #Brexit, can mainstream UK politics survive? Watch ’s Q&amp;A with ’s &amp; #Westminster guests. #featured #AnHonourableMan
And rightly - sadly
Thought you were supposed to be a journalist, it's not brexit, it's a con from the cons
No 10’s response does not actually contradict, because they cannot contradict, what I said in the sentence they have quoted – which is that the Protocol “locks the whole UK into a customs union with the EU with no decision-making power”. #ManagedNoDeal
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
It's true that there are still multiple ways #Brexit could play out. But only one of those possibilities is the default outcome, happening automatically in March 2019: a no deal Brexit. Averting that disaster will take an enormous amount of political spadework.
Mind boggling thread!
If you’re a Business Analyst in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the South West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
European Union OKs Brexit; now it's up to Britain European Union leaders signed off on Britain's exit from the continent's political and economic bloc, sending the agreement to the U.K. Parliament.
I dont know how you solve it. I do beleive that MPs need to face consequences for making things up and lying without fact Just like if we was in court and made stuff up. Brexit was sold on a fantasy the proofs in what we are seeing now the ones resposible will not feel the effect
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
What will happen to the UK music industry after Brexit?
articulating passionately how the have in government divided our country #SocialistSunday #brexit #GeneralElectionNow
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
EU friends... I think not. We need the clean Brexit so clearly laid out by Liam Haligan and Gerard Lyons, that would truly serve the national interest!
according to the govts website, we won't need a visa to travel to eu countries(?)
No shit Sherlock... It’s been like this for a while... You didn’t give a toss during the 2014 independence referendum though...
He had those rape charges. The UK wants him too, for his potential role in helping Russians push brexit propaganda
Theresa May writes 'heart and soul' plea to nation over Brexit
Have you considered the potential downsides ? Like the amount of food and medical supplies that come from Europe that wouod need to be quarantined after Brexit happens ?
Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit
#Brexit Panic Latest
Delighted Council now opposes Brexit, calls for #PeoplesVote includg option of remaining in EU, following debate on my motion, 2nded by . Brexit will damage healthcare, NHS workforce, public health, access to medicines/devices/radioisotopes, science &amp; research.
Labour is labour - which is why I hold Labour accountable for not opposing BREXIT and accepting the job losses which both Tories and TUC are coming. Yes - I blame the Tories more - but we expect them to revel at putting us out of work. Only opposition seems to be the SNP/Green.
One of the worst/privileged remarks uttered by Hillary Clinton in this deluded and dangerous interview on refugees is when she says “I think it is fair to say Europe has done its part”. 85% of the world’s refugees are hosted in developing countries!
The Brexit debacle is not like Jordan Petersen says a lack of responsibility of politicians by asking the people what to do. The problem is the inferiority of the Parlamentary system vs the Republic. The separation of powers and constitution are the key.
1/ I read ‘s latest email from and sent my MP an email. DM if you’d like me to copy you the text so you can tailor it for yours.
Why doesn’t England reconsider Brexit? It’s so obviously a bad idea.
Disagree. a lot of people, myself included, voted Labour purely to counter balance brexit. I am embarrassed by Westminster and its FPTP system.
You are #TheresaMay only a #Brexit PM and not a #remain PM so y shud we be standing with you
Emmanual Macron picks fight with Scots fishermen over post-Brexit deal
This is a load of rubbish no offence.
So now we have a Withdrawal Agreement and Political Declaration, what next? The "Meaningful Vote", scheduled for 11 November. #Brexit 1/10
MT: : "Brexit deal sell-out protects barbaric trade of sending live animals abroad for slaughter, says " I agree~but so is funding #AlQaeda/#WhiteHelmets/terrorists in secular #Syria~ to kill/maim/displace innocent civilians which Boris has no prob with
'A sad day': European Union endorses Brexit deal via
How "special" are you precisely, David? The problem the nation &amp; parliament has with the proposed pre-deal deal is it doesn't speak to the double mandate to leave the EU. One unequivocal mandate from the referendum &amp; doubled down on in the general election. No-deal #Brexit NOW!
It is not news, it is a fact...here is the UK Drumpf is a bigger fuck up than Brexit.
Neither dump nor his administration is equipped to handle it.
It is not too late for true independence, says FREDERICK FORSYTH
Why it’s not brexit. Read it
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
That body language, especially in the face, is very interesting.
As Alastair Campbell said soon after the referendum : "There must be a way of stopping Brexit, I don't know how, but there must be a way". ... Seems the establishment concocted a way! The Bilderberg NWO must not be derailed.
Oh dont worry Barny they will take responsibility the vote it out if they had any sense. The EU must think we are stupid Accepting a dead run along Barnier go forth and muliply.
Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit
Rotting shite.
I was thinking the same but these people seem to want to try every other possibility first. So there will be an extension of art 50, attempt to renegotiation, failure then no Brexit. Meanwhile the uncertainty will continue throughout and business will continue to move out.
Quite a few of the SNP MPs in your ‘cesspit of corruption’. You’re language does no one any favours. A better debate than this is required or we’re heading for a repeat of Brexit and Indy Refs again. Who wants that level of debate?
Utter bollocks.
contempt for democracy knows no bounds. #Brexit And, really, isn't it time we got rid of the entitled numpties that make up the House of Lords?
They have the perfect scenario: A puppet they installed in the USA Brexit problems in the UK Weakening global stability. Best time to restart the Ukrainian war.
The tides are turning. Channing Dungey Fired. Brexit now approved. Facebook exposed for massive wrong doing with data. Twitter exposed as being used by left wing liberals to spread fake news lies for political gain.
Gentle reminder... #Spain #UK #Gibraltar #Brexit
4) Trump in serious trouble in US 5) Brexit / EU disharmony 6) Inflating oil price?
......and we'd trust and #Labour over #Brexit because.... . ?!,!
Read the Guardian piece to understand just how cr*p May's proposed deal is. #BackTheBrexitDeal my arse.
I thinkMay is the only person who likes the Brexit agreemen.
#May revives #Brexit #dividend 'lie' in bid to sell deal to #public and #MPs
in campaign you looked nothing other than very cheap servants for and for and . If you don't care about your own sons future how can you for Party or the country you immigrated to (UK)?
#gtto is more important than any Brexit deal, no Brexit deal or even no Brexit IMHO
May: 'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected
No doubt it makes more sense than the actual Withdrawal Agreement and Political Declaration...
And there are clearly several ways to not be in the EU. Tarquin's dingy is not going to get torpedoed in the channel even after Brexit.
Brexit means brexit. That's all.
I liked a video EU Approves Brexit Deal - I'm Back to Hiding Under the Table (THE SAAD TRUTH_793)
There is so much wrong with this article. The "very serious crimes" involve campaign funding and propaganda, of which there was far more from Remain; and yet Remain still lost. And there certainly was foreign funding - big American banks funded Remain.
Image copyright EPA EU leaders who gathered in Brussels put on a united front to back Theresa May's argument that the withdrawal agreement they endorsed was the "best and only"...
. : The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out
Brexit deal explained: backstops, trade and citizens' rights
we have voted for brexit so the vote should be deal or no deal, with no deal the preferred option, fuck your no brexit option its not happening, 17m+ voted for it, you are only thinking of your own financial prosperity, you are a crook
Latest News: Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing The French president gives the UK a reminder of the difficulties ahead in Brexit negotiations. 2018-11-25 21:03:54Z
I wash my hands of both. One deluded, the other corrupted. Neither are worth your vote. The recent events have shown all the flaws in Britains political system. Support the Lib Dems and Alternative Vote and a exit from Brexit.
Come on if he doesn't, he's out. He'll never get the public voting for him, look at the polls against the worst pm in history. #PeoplesVote option to #Remain. If he were a real leader, he'd advocate stopping #Brexit because of national security.
Brexit will kill more and solve nothing.
Anyone voting FOR any #Brexit is voting with Johnson Rees-Mogg Farage etc. There is only nine way forward and that a #PeoplesVote
Brexit in a nutshell. I don’t know whether to laugh or cry.
Campaigners People’s Vote opened a #Brexit-themed newsagent for Black Friday to highlight inflation caused by uncertainty over the UK’s EU negotiations:
is an impressive personality who remains humble despite having managed a complex divorce. He has done a fantastic job negotiating on the #EU side. #Brexit
The EU has fires to fight that could be more fundamentally damaging than Brexit
Brexit has reached the stockpiling wine phase
Interesting thread on immigration policy under the last Labour government, and how it lead us to where we are now. (H/t for sharing a link to this)
Don't forget to join us on Tuesday - conveinently held in the basement of Code Node, where none of the Brexit clamour can penetrate. The continuation of the Brexit moaning and hand wringing will continue immediately following the meeting - in the pub. Hope to see you there!
Bet Si and Dave are actually spunking over the chats they get to have at the start of Politics with all this Brexit Malarkey going on...
It would for example be impossible for the UK to join an existing multi-lateral free trade agreement such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership while bound into the Protocol’s customs union.
ECB QE ends December. Italian budget rejected and spreads rising. Germany in negative growth. Riots in France. EU cannot afford chaotic Brexit #WTOExit now
How about the best deal for this country? A Labour Govt, a 2nd referendum and we scrap this stupid, xenophobic Brexit crap once and for all.
Now for the hard part. EU leaders agreed to Theresa May's Brexit deal, but were united in saying it's the best they can offer and can't be renegotiated if U.K. lawmakers reject it. May backed that view and announced she will personally lead a "campaign" lasting "a few weeks" to
Enlightening, factual thread from .
Too true. I remember reading and hearing In MSM how JC wasn't vocal enough in his support for whatever. His failing was that he didn't knee-jerk to any position therefore the whole shit-storm was his fault. MSM deserves to implode.
Retweet far n wide..
Look at this bollocks, a career politician that has lived off the state for 35 years
I have just sent my MP an email outlining all of the reasons why the Brexit deal is bad for Britain. It may not get read, it mage be ignored BUT if enough of us do it, it will send a clear message to parliament how many of us feel about the deal. Contact your MP END THE DEAL!
C’mon Martina, stop beating about the bush, get off the fence and give us a definitive answer.. ..wonderful, absolutely wonderful.
Dont think most Brexiters too worried bout sticking to facts. Their leaders have been saying remain is not worth taking seriously since they started project fear. Yeh this Femi thing is silly but hey they are young people doing what they think will help stop brexit.
Clever #brexitbill
How about ditching Trident, Westminster, London weighting, House of Lords, HS2, new nuclear power stations, Brexit etc, etc? You know, stuff we didn't vote for and don't want? If only there was some way to do all that in one fell swoop.
Well its in the high court and cross fingers Brexit will be void due to illegal campaigning and ms May not addressing it!
The #brexit dividend as regs are gutted in the UK
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? asks
...reminding us that the deal the Government are celebrating isn't even The Deal, even in the event that it did get through Parliament.
What a fucking idiot.
Will #blairites try &amp; take down 2 birds with one stone and allow Mays deal through by abstaining? #forbritain #Brexit #ukip #BrexitBetrayal
"if you couldn't make your mind up for the original brexit referendum, how can you make your mind up for the upcoming Westminster vote? And if you will be able to vote, what swung your decision?"
Actually was watching Red getting bullied by hyenas and thought that will be U.K. if Brexit happens, we will be picked off without strong alliances.
Lifelong Conservative. Won't be voting for them again as things stand. Will take years, decades even to repair trust.
The latest A Level Government &amp; Politics! Thanks to #brexit #uk
PM wanted help selling her deal - instead Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK
Our target audience has to be young people. We were delighted that several came to our stall in a town where we do not have a further education college. They confesssed to not understanding Brexit. Who does? Their honesty is so refreshing. was on hand to explain!
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Isn't it libellous and slanderous to say these things about those of us who are vehemently opposed to Brexit? She definitely doesn't speak for me.
It's a good a day as any for this. Plus it has the funniest way you can possibly say 'no' at the end #Brexit
There have been a lot of deluded thoughts on Brexit. This is by far the most deluded made to date.
No, you didn't. You're a Leave voter and a residual brexit supporter. Whatever you think of these particular remainers, you don't suddenly decide brexit is good - or in your case suddenly decide you're cool getting into bed with fascists - just because you don't like them.
... are so comfortable with lying, they really don't know how to stop.
No bones about it...The rUK will become a '3rd world country' post Brexit...the 'sad &amp; tragic moment' is Scotland being dragged into this hell! the time is now Scotland.... 2 #DissolveTheUnion #usethemandate 4 #indyref2
She makes Chamberlain look like Rambo.
Sinn Fein would be best banning this rat from speaking to the media she doesn’t even try to hide her hatred.
Whoever was leading the negotiations, the deal would have been the same..all this JC can get a better deal is bollocks..he can't ..it's shit not because of DD being lazy &amp; dim, but because the EU hold all the aces...sadly we need to get used to being bullied if Brexit happens.
Sick of Brexit. Wouldn’t vote in a second referendum or if a general election called.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
If the UK has leaders like Jeremy Corbyn instead of Margaret Thatcher, John Major Tony Blair, Gordon Brown, David Cameron, and Theresa May over the past 40yrs There would be no #Brexit at all, as the working class areas would still be thriving industrially and no inequality.
The Versailles treaty was far too generous to Germany, which should have been punished much more severely. The Brexit deal is extremely similar in this regard. I don't think that's what the Brexiters comparing it to Versailles mean, though.
No its not brexit
Parliament gave the people of the United Kingdom the referendum. The MPs decision was unanimous. The country then voted to leave. It’s now politicians jobs to deliver BREXIT. Stop messing around and stop playing games. Let’s just get on with it and move on!! This is the deal.
In defence of Jacob Rees-Mogg and his Brexit Dad's Army via
Best deal for everyone is for UK to #Remain in the EU. The best deal for EU is what has been negotiated, which is not renegotiable UK can’t crash out of EU because it would become a rogue state So Parliament must either vote accept EU deal or #Remain in EU
FFS, RT'd this as well. I have no idea what to feel about this.
It is dawning on the citizens, in increasing numbers, that we wuz robbed and we’d prefer to exit Brexit. Unfortunately, it seems that, since we voted for the medicine, May and co inist we must take it. #gamespeopleplay
When is the Vito 4x4 coming to the UK? You may need it here to shore up sales post-#brexit.
Great meeting organised by - great to hear the energy to fight #Brexit with and
UP A RA!!!
True
#Brexit ottima analisi #Bbc #BrexitDeal Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means -
Not my 1st choice, but yes. The #BrexitDeal is NOT an EU/UK FTA &amp; the vultures are already circling for concessions! EU/UK will have 18 months to create an FTA with all EU27 members having a veto! Already France wants fishing Spain want Gibraltar I see a WTO #Brexit anyway.
..how true
Dear PM: you can only fight "with your heart or soul" if you had one! Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal
The Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement is now set in stone and can't be changed. We are stuck with May's crap deal.
Not the option. Maybe the reaminers option. Heard stupid tonight on C4 news saying they should the options on a "peoples vote". We had a peoples vote &amp; we chose to leave the EU. We just Brexit &amp; leave under no deal &amp; see how long it takes the EU to rush to a FTA.
via children of Europe are already paying the price for your abject failure in the doomed EU political project. Record unemployment, record disparities between rich and poor, record levels of nationalism to counter the EU populism that has destroyed the bloc.
well I suspect Teresa May will feck off now much like David Cameron did and leave us all to fester in the aftermath of her seriously flawed Brexit deal for many years to come, I feel physically sick right now.
Let's all hope so xxx
ECB QE ends December. Italian budget rejected and spreads rising. Germany in negative growth. Riots in France. EU cannot afford chaotic Brexit #WTOExit now
What That ? After 50 Years ? BREXIT ? Moda Fùçkà ?
I hope this gives the UK government the cover they need to come to their senses, and render #Brexit null and void due to hostile RU interference.
You are wrong on this Caroline. It is only democracy that will be turned over if the UK does not have a #PeoplesVote on the #BrexitAgreement Now it's finalised the people should be asked May's deal, no deal or No Brexit. That's democracy.
That wouldn’t solve the Brexit problem.
Clinton Foundation
No 10’s statistics give the UK’s goods exports to the EU but do not mention our goods imports from the EU, which in 2017 were £259bn, giving a trade surplus in favour of the EU of £95bn. #ManagedNoDeal
Total shit .
So true
Accounts vary so we need to stay tuned but this looks like the escalation many have been fearing &amp; anticipating. It call out US, UK, #NATO leaders to step up, as promised. Yet US president consumed by midterm fallout, UK leadership in midst of Brexit -- distractions abound. Gulp.
I'm bored of washing up but I still do it and I'll still fight Brexit. A chore that has to be done
I concur. This has been the plan by putin all this time. America distancing it's self from its allies. The UK breaking up over brexit. Putin laughing and since we allowed him to take crimea he knew we were weak. WHAT NOW ?
EU agrees ‘best possible’ Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
Won't be back after brexit sadly. When my GBPs will be worthless. It was fun times though i'll miss you.
This government is not just taking our Freedom of Movement, they’re trying to take our Human Rights too. This is absolutely Orwellian. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
The one thing Brexit has shown, if anyone had any doubts before, is that the whole political establishment is absolutely rotten to the core!
David Icke November 24 2018 - Talks Brexit, Election, Donald Trump &amp; More via
This is a must read for all #remain and #peoplesvote supporters. Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Good it will be a no deal brexit.
This is an awful deal that Mrs May has cooked up Jacob ,I did not sign up for this,I would rather have a hard brexit then this.
Farage -&gt; Russia -&gt; Cambridge Analytica-&gt; #brexit = trump -&gt; Russia -&gt; Cambridge Analytica-&gt; trumpPotus
Done! I've been meaning to add another 'stop Brexit'/'could we see some actual opposition, please?' letter to others I've written, so thanks for the nudge to get on with it.
Looks like the main cants behind Brexit are now faking and pulling out
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (14) For anyone reading this, who really wants to know, I'll make a couple of "predictions". (Bear in mind that I "predicted" Scotland would stay in the UK.)
Corbyn has consistently supported Theresa May on Brexit. The Eurosceptics' toxic legacy lives on under Corbyn. He and the public schoolboys around him are as much a disaster for this country as Rees Mogg etc
Mogg is the man
European Union OKs Brexit; now it's up to Britain European Union leaders signed off on Britain's exit from the continent's political and economic bloc, sending the agreement to the U.K. Parliament.
Call him Mr. Brexit. He knew and it all is related?
One for the Brexit offiionados. ~ Who are you hiding? Is it safe for the deaf? Beautiful cancer Infiltrate and forget When I saw you coming And I heard not a thing A mistake not to listen When I knew where you’d been Song For The Deaf (Explicit)
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Dear , you have already united the UK. We are on united in despising you and your wretched #BRINO deal... HI HO, HI HO! Half In, Half Out we go, May's #Brexit as expected is #BRINO, #BRINO
While nobody’s looking. UK and EU occupied with internal issues, Brexit sucks all the attention, USA has a bought Wump as POTUS.
"Fishermen Betrayed: Macron Gloats UK Will Be Forced Into ‘Backstop’ Unless British Waters are Surrendered" #England Must fight back. #Brexit #FreeTommy #ArrestKahn Fight the #EU #Globalist #UN = terrorism
is the best writer on Brexit. Full stop
#Conservatives will never admit the reality that #Brexit was a mistake, because the political damage of doing so will be immense - but if there can be a clever way to allow the Tories to somehow cancel Brexit on their own terms, AND portray it as a win, the UK may yet be saved!
I don’t think any would have been great, but the margins were so small. What’s more, psychologically, even a leave vote that was 51/49 rather than 52/48 may well have made ‘hard brexit’ untenable politically
With everything that I happening with #Brexit we can at least be grateful for the fact that neither side will get what they want and that with #Theresamay as the common enemy we can pretend that we are unified for at least a little while. We need to stay, mind.
Wow! A coruscating taking apart of Teresa May’s letter!
Gone for 2 weeks n come back, again, to my tl being full of shinners complaining about Brexit without actually doing anything tangible and/or fully within their powers, but sure, how was your thanksgiving folks? Do anything nice in the past fortnight?
'Theresa May’s Brexit fightback is just another opportunity to vilify EU citizens like me' writes for
sounds like brexit
'But Labour strategists believe they cannot get to the 45% or so of the vote they would need to win the next election if they are seen to represent only what they jokingly refer to as “Remoania”.' You just lost the next GE bye
Stand up for our freedom to curtail our freedom.
Withdrew my membership because of Brexit stance.
Because your stance on #Brexit has been unequivocally clear! ‘We support *cough* *cough* and our aim will be to ensure *cough* *cough*, ummm, yeah, so *cough*’
Govt may rely on European Central Bank after Brexit This is scare mongering and bullshit. If the ECB starts threatening the Bank of England the worlds financial system will collapse.
Corbyn campaigned for Remain, voted Remain and said he'd vote Remain again. And he's united the PLP behind a strategy of holding the Government to account for their Brexit proposals by using 6 tests which even May thinks matters. He's confirmed that Labour will vote against them.
Any video of saying that? Asking for a friend of Vladimir....
My friend bumped into Theresa May in Brussels yesterday after 40 years (they were at uni together). At precisely the same time the #Eu27 were signing off the #Brexit withdrawal agreement. She had some words to say to the Prime Minister.
Sorry, can you tell me exactly why anyone in Ireland owes you Brits jack shit? This is a horribly British article, from a horrible Brit, sticking his Brit nose into Irish politics. Fact is, Britain (England) voted to leave and so you are on your own. EU + Ireland owe you NOTHING.
Heartbreaking #PeoplesVoteNow
"...and they lived happily ever after."
Not at all but it's a question of priorities. Brexit will damage the UK for generations. We can get the tories out after stopping Brexit. The ironic thing is that Labour backed to stop Brexit they'd almost certainly win the next GE and have more resource to correct tory policy.
Your gaslighting yourself. Also I notice you didn't mention any economic reasons for voting for brexit. Why is that?
'Obvious love of Brexit'. He voted Remain.
Brexit is dead I’m afraid Hatie
Another brexit thicko who is missing the point. Yawn
In defence of Jacob Rees-Mogg. Downing Street’s lackeys whipped up the Dad’s Army hoo-hah because they did not want the great unwashed realising that a no-deal Brexit is a lot less problematic than the elite claims. via
What a hypocrite being filmed attending church every Sunday. Worse than her Brexit betrayal
To be honest, I fear, whoever got the poison chalice as PM to sort Brexit, were in a lose lose situation, as it is unchartered waters.
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
We have had the referendum or #peoplesvote , we are by democratic definition now all leavers, just some are non-believers, determined to delay &amp; derail and make #Brexit fail. UK should have United, the EU will implode anyway, just a case of when?
aint #bbcnews #skynews #bbcpapers #skypapers #PoliticsLive #marr #Ridge #bbcsp #TheresaMay #Brexit
So why are you sulking that Britain is leaving the EU? Because of FOM we've ruined parts of Spain according to you, you don't want us visiting your country, yet you want us to stay in the EU? It's Britains that are suffering due to Brexit, the rest of Europe doesn't need us!
Brexit: France would use fishing demands as 'leverage' in trade talks
No, we just want democracy back, where we elect our legislature. Brexit is rebellion against being ruled by faceless,unelected bureaucrats who are not accountable to us.
None of the others ever, in their adult political careers prior to the Brexit vote, advocated leaving the EU.
This sort of MP be they Tory, Labour or whatever couldn’t care less about their constituents, only their self serving interests. Brexit has really shown up our politicians for good or bad, we will not forget.
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing via #breakingnews #breaking
Brexit? It is fault of Europe and its raving, insane and unsuccessful management of the Union of vulgar socialist imprint:Plague of peoples!Socialist Europe is the cause of the suffering of the people,with scandal of the generation of MILLIONS OF POOR! U.E. loser,like socialism!
Ok well I'm sure she has been promised something. Nobody in their right mind would betray their people in such a way. What gets me is people like ledsum who was all up for Brexit but now supports May
EU backs UK leader Theresa May's Brexit deal at historic summit
Good outcome then!!
Vote Labour. Punish the tories and their enablers for the build up to Brexit. Remain.
"I just can’t see him sticking around to help make no deal #Brexit possible. There would be such social unrest, with serious job losses in some regions."
Macron: Brexit Shows that the EU Needs to "Re-establish" itself #Brexit #Europe
#EuropeanUnion leaders lavished their #Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier with praise on Sunday for securing a divorce agreement with #Britain, strengthening the Frenchman's hand should he decide to run for the bloc's top job next year. #MNA
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out via
Bang on Michael, the strategy is soooooo stoooopid it beggars belief. The idea is that Leavers/Remainers EVERYONE will hate the Tories for failing to negotiate a unicorn 'jobs-first' Brexit &amp; so shall vote Labour. 1/2
What That ? After 50 Years ? BREXIT ? Moda Fùçkà ?
'corrected' is a poor euphemism for fallen. We import most of our food and it's all more expensive because of Brexit. Well done.
Protocol would require us to remove tariffs on goods imports from countries which the EU does a trade deal with, even if that deal were to offer no reciprocal benefit to the UK. #ManagedNoDeal
The irony of this tweet is that this is what a lot of Brexiteers were trying to achieve, reclaim the "glory" of britannia yet have the nerve to complain about immigrants.
Actually makes me angry those asking for a second referendum like no? People will vote remain bc of the screw job May (a remainer!) has done..you can’t change the original vote just because it didn’t go your way ?? That’s not democracy. #Brexit
Bob, I've listened, I've read, I've thought. I'm with you. May must go. No deal. I can't disagree with anything Julia Lopez says here. It cemented it.
Indeed, its pretty obvious. If May's deal is voted down she has her excuse to call another referendum. Indeed she implied this by saying if we did not vote for her deal we could end up with no Brexit at all.
Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK
But it is not the true #BREXIT your people voted for?
BBCNEWS 1:13pm EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL HORV STEWART. UK Justice Minister EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. EU leaders endorse UK Brexit deal at...
Brexit means resolve
Now on a documentary showing life in the UK after Brexit #MadMax #Brexit
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
This article reminds me of B.S. speech about "bipartisan marketplace of ideas"
People: technocracy is bad and bland dependency on objective 'expertise' cynically obscures sectional interests and ideological preoccupations Centrist journos: brexit is like a man hitting his balls on an escalator lol
Spain revives call for shared control over Gibraltar after Brexit | Reuters
I am nt surprised...
Still important to write and tell them how you feel and demand a #PeoplesVote or else they come out with the old chestnut "my constituents just want to get on with Brexit."
This is not good.
Right, that's it enough. If you want to leave EU, stop voting It is that simple. #Brexit
In Murica they got Trump because Clinton was so reviled. Here Corbyn could not have made a worse job of Brexit if he'd openly intended to, but the Establishment #AntiSemitism campaign will always be available to #Smeargal's #BrexitVomit
Brexit to Brexit
Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK
This is a #vitalread (and a non-political one, really) from #MentalHealthMatters
I NEVER thought I would agree with #TonyBlair ever again but I do over #Brexit
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing | The French president gives the UK a reminder of the difficulties ahead in Brexit negotiations. |
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing | The French president gives the UK a reminder of the difficulties ahead in Brexit negotiations. |
Mr Corbyn has played the long game; has been spot on so far which is why MSM, BBC, Tories, Blair, anti-Corbyn idiots inside/outside Labour, and Hutton who cannot formulate an objective truthful point to disguise his own personal loathing. EU just laugh at Hutton’s inability.
i swear to god if u oldies back the brexit deal n we really have to go thru with this shit im starting a civil war
Analysis: Macron’s blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
isn't anti immigrant. And when you said our nation, you of course meant the #eu ? The only irony is your stupidity &amp; ignorance produced your stupid &amp; ignorant tweet, which, once you realised, forced you to try the irony card #brexit
Spanish PM claims Brexit could mean split sovereignty of Gibraltar via
You are lying about EU army.
You should remember that most ofthe referenda on EU policies outside the UK prior to the Brexit vote, the vote went against the EU. Britain is a country whose politicians made a promise and are committed to making good on it. I think you should be proud of your leaders.
So this Brexit thing is actually happening then! Madness! Wonder how much in this letter will actually come to be...£300million to the NHS per week seems unlikely tbh
I have a feeling Arlene Foster and the DUP can go &amp; jump, as far as May is concerned it will take more than Foster to bring down May, lol she has avoided more scud missiles in the last 2 years and she is still the leader
Largely because Corbyn can't offer anything more positive than May, despite the spin. Unless of course he changed his tune on 'respecting' Brexit ...
One con from start to finish
Any news on Brexit? Thought we’d have heard something by now.
Excellent idea
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
I’d go with a £39Billion saving ‘No deal’.
She has to go...
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Stick to football! #brexit
like any normal cunch of avaricious bunts!
Trump is responsible for at least half of this. Encourages Putin at every turn in Ukraine, basically letting Russia call shots in Syria, tear gas on the border (Firing tear gas into Mexico is an attack on a sovereign nation), Trump/Jared accessory to murder &amp; coverup in SA.
Tickets end today! Book now
BBC News - EU leaders still hope for post-Brexit fishing access
“If Brexit were a student theatre production...”. #Discuss
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
I’m not trying to be pedantic. I think this is a huge part of the problem and will remain so however many referendums there are in the future. No major political party has one position on the EU or Brexit. Therefore there will never be any deal everyone agrees with.
Couldn’t agree more. Brexit is dumb. Let’s just cancel the whole thing.
No we didn't. We voted to leave the EU, Brexit is a whole lot more. Mrs May has chosen for it to mean ending freedom of movement.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
I'm a member, our policy is #GeneralElectionNow
Had to deal with a couple of magas today :( My respect for what America can be is undiminished. Good luck, you'll turn the US around, we'll sort brexit out and we can start dealing with the important stuff!
Dear Mr Banks, Why do I think you are jealous because the petite, very intelligent, clever, straight laced and honourable Mrs Miller has much bigger "BOLLOCKS" than you will ever have. #badwife #Brexit #endthechaos #StopBrexitSaveBritain #bollockstoBrexit
Maybe she’ll get an ex Brexit Secretary to do it. There seem to be legions of them going around.
Brexit, the final countdown... #Brexit
The elf made the list, and checked it twice, and he was not pleased. Thanks to Brexit, this year his gifts would have to pass UK border inspection. MPs were getting nothing but coal.
Brexit can still be cancelled
A man without principles. A real spineless specimen.
The prime minister got her divorce deal with the European Union at a summit in Brussels on Sunday, but she hasn’t started formal talks on the future trade arrangement with the bloc - and this looks set to be a far tougher task. via
Revote. The pro brexit people lied about everything. After people took a vote for it google had a surge in the question “what is brexit?” I bet it would fail if they redid the vote.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Brexit will hit women hardest -- let us have a say on the deal
nobody's reporting on the fact that Remain spending incl official govt booklet in Brexit referendum dwarfed spending for Leave which nonetheless won
What about the news that Russia is attacking Ukraine tonight just as Brexit WA goes thru? A destabilised EU plays right into Putin's hands. You do know that, don't you?
as Trump golfs
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms
You're forgetting parliament and the people's vote. Not so fast.
The entire premise of his argument is same as yours EU won’t follow legal guidelines they’ve agreed to &amp; will “trap” UK in EU &amp; refuse to negotiate, which I find paranoid &amp; withdrawal agreement is not Brexit , I know it’s not it’s a temporary withdrawal agreement
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
TERESA MAY BEFORE AND SFTER BREXIT
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
This is a long, and quite complicated, read. Afterwards though, you’ll be left in no doubt just how bad May’s withdrawal deal really is. Its not even a “#brexit in name only”. It’s significantly worse than staying in.
When a thousand words are not enough to explain a picture #Brexit
IF this is true, it's a sad situation that we've got ourselves into that any border disruption, long term strikes, war or other disaster would instantly render Britain unable to provide our own drinking water.
Londonium independent too!
What That ? After 50 Years ? BREXIT ? Moda Fùçkà ?
Just for the protocol, #UK: It didn't have to end -- not this way or any! I shall miss you. #Brexit #EU
Actually I think many are quite impressed with how a country can stand up against the odds. Eu was supposed to be a trading mechanism not a ruler!! Eu have made this a nightmare to leave
Not on the ballot. But there WAS a referendum campaign, too. And like the Brexit referendum campaign, lots of things were mentioned that eere not on the ballot.
fat chance
What #Brexit? Can you see anything of this Capitulation Agreement that smacks of Brexit? If she can't get the next stage trade deal, and they don't want one, and she hasn't a clue, then we lose Parliamentary sovereignty and all voting rights. She'll start by conceding fisheries
Times like these call for a President who is mentally stable. I’m afraid we can’t say that about Trump.
Please read this excellent commentary on the deal.
Macron shows they are no friends of UK, weesels could go bit describe, need shove deal now, start immediately with brexit only team negotiating with WTO for deals now, use £39 bn put incentives for trade now! Scrap all trade with EU till they look one, tarriff all, No Deal, WTO
As a US citizen who despises our current government and its idiotic leader, Trump, I submit to you Brits that your Brexit vote was a disaster, and that Brexit is economic &amp; military suicide for Britain. Furthermore, it likely leads to secession of Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Is HE betraying anyone by backing off Brexit now? No, because the other protagonists have also dropped it like a hot brick. Funny that.
No Brexit??????? Since when was that a choice?
Caroline Flint you have to be the worst kind of MP. Your constituents voted for you to do the best for them. Find some courage and tell them they were wrong to put themselves at the mercy of Brexit.
No wonder Brexit happened.
Leave it out Don we are a bit busy atm #Brexit
"It is most regrettable that the government is not trying to sell the deal on its merits, but is seeking to take advantage of legal complexities to misrepresent the legal effects of the agreement on this critical point as well as others."
Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK #sky #news
Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK Sky News
Paragraphs 26 and 27 merely say that the EU will “consider” trusted trader schemes and other facilitative arrangements, without placing any obligation (even a non-legally binding one) on the EU actually to accept their use. #ManagedNoDeal
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
We have MI6 assisting in the coup on President Trump, you have ignored the BREXIT vote and the royal family seem very friendly with paedo's. The elites are showing utter contempt for UK citizens and democracy and the rule of law.
Frightening.
The rest of us would deffo clear our diaries for it!
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms via
Where the hell are the adults?
But it's true! I've had this said to me... That if it weren't for British pensioners Spain would collapse! This is the level thick headedness we are dealing with here. Some people really do deserve a good, hard Brexit.
Whatever you think of him, Blair makes a killer point.
How about some respect for democracy with a people's vote. How about my right of freedom of movement so I can live and work in Europe. Stopping Brexit is the only sensible way forward for Britain.
408 seats in Parl out of 650 for #Brexit. We live in a democracy, any1 doesn't agree shud move. UAE, Oman.
can anyone help me to get me brexit poem on here. It wont accept the pdf format
brexit MEANS brexit
#DUP may back #Norway-style #Brexit deal, says Arlene Foster
Breaking News: UK will run out of fresh air to breath if the UK has no deal with the EU's because we can't use their controlled air filters.
Despite and her lackeys spending the whole weekend polishing the #Brexit turd AND rolling it in glitter, I'm still not buying it.
BBCNEWS 1:14pm EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. EU endorsement follows 18 months of negotiations EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Theresa May says Brexit...
Supreme trolling with a large dose of mockery. Entirely inappropriate of course for a minister but quite funny. (Unless this is meant as a serious tweet, in this case one should worry about the man.)
Hello there reality.
European Union OKs Brexit; now it's up to Britain European Union leaders signed off on Britain's exit from the continent's political and economic bloc, sending the agreement to the U.K. Parliament.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (15) Bear in mind also that I "predicted" the UK would Leave, and the Brexit deal would "emerge" in Nov '18. So hear are my "predictions" then.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Right, that's enough. If you want to leave EU. STOP voting It is that simple. #Brexit
WM think Scottish oil is the answer to #Brexit
‘No credible alternative’ to Brexit deal on offer, says Scottish Secretary… via
Does anybody actually know what it is she really believes in? I struggle to understand a person who is so emotionally opaque they are neither anti nor pro Brexit
Macron wants access to U.K. waters for French fishers, Spanish PM demands joint sovereignty over Gibraltar. What kind of brexit has May really negotiated. ? Let’s pacify the children on the tory right and give away sovereignty in the process.... shit show. Grow up !!!
Do u do nothing but scroll through old tweets? Brexit is going fine.. try having sex (preferably with someone other than yourself) and you may lighten up a little and actually have a relevant twitter account...
Also, he managed to fit the Ra into a BREXIT tweet.
#Brexit: 'This is the best deal possible, it is the only deal possible' Juncker
And Trump wants the UK to conform to USA food safety standards as part of a post-Brexit FTA.
Have a great week Pete! You’re not sorting Brexit out are you mate??
Go and ask those who are the most desperate for Brexit to happen (y'know, gazillionaires such as Hannan, Banks, Farage, Elliott, Dyson et al) exactly how they plan to make the UK competitive outside the EU - it begins with fewer workers' rights. You think jobs are shit now.
Only 19% of the British people want a no-deal Brexit, because it’s a crap idea
and may has lied, duped and deceived us directly. This is a terrible deal, being sold only on a supposed worst situation of #nodeal and not on any strength of the offer on the table. is a supporter of this failure.
The sadness of brexit #MayMustGo #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
Labour leadership knew what we wanted and ignored / pushed back against it. Labour has disillusioned and lost many of its members with its response to Brexit. The answer is obvious and echoed across these responses to your question, no need for me to repeat it.
John I hope you and your military counterparts have been RV ing re: the shit hitting the fan re: #brexit #Border
‘Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power’
WATCH: Brexit is "painful" or "pointless", says Blair | LabourList
Brexit bounce I fucking knew it!
Real battle will be in House of Commons! If they don’t reject this crappy #Brexit deal then 17.4 million people will have to get on the streets to call for General Elections. If we are not fully leaving EU then it is not #Brexit that we voted for. #Brussels
Always thought anyone who championed Brexit were deluded &amp; insane, it's just utter bollocks!
I am not a labour member, so I don't know enough about the internal politics to be definitive about 'trust'. But I am aware Corbyn/Macdonell would prefer Brexit so they can re-nationalise some industries. If no G.E. would they prefer a hard Brexit?
Top man!!
#CalamityMay's #Brexit "deal" in conflict with 1998 Good Friday / Belfast Agreement.
May SELLS OUT Britain, we are to be shackled to Brussels for decades. #MayMustGoNow #WTOBrexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal #Brexit #Juncker #EU #Labour #FBPE #UKIP #ChuckMay #WTO #Anglosphere #Remoaners #Mogg #ToriesAreToast
I’d rather not see that bad Brexit, or indeed any Brexit at all..........
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out via
It will never get through Parliament. The DUP are voting against it, because of Backstop, most of the Tories are and so are Labour. needs to be our new PM and give us hard Brexit, which we voted for and kick the EU, Junker and Merkel right in the hole.
When Laura’s telling you the PM is BS’ing you know things must be oh so much worse than you thought!
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Read this thread. Is ignorance a major factor as to why some Scots are apparently content to see Scotland dragged down with the racists, the greedy and the xenophobes from the #Brexit brigade ?
Here we go, will give y’all fundamentals analysis refrain from GBP n EUR The Whole brexit being taken to parliament , very dangerous
‘EU withdrawal’ when bad, ‘Brexit’ when good.
You along with your fellow brexiteers are personally responsible for every job lost, every part of the nhs failure post brexit. You are personally responsible nobody else. Don’t blame anyone else, it’s you. How an you sleep when being responsible for such despair
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Yes they do.We want her to resign and either a better deal or no deal #maymustgonow #NodealbetterthanHERdeal
BREXIT
Please browse this fantastic resource: They're all in there - EU to abolish British Army, £350M for NHS, "There are debates &amp; there are facts", etc etc.
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
May's 'heart and soul' letter to the country ahead of Brexit summit If this is the truth then we're not behind you but at your side, This is making history don't let your Country or the people down#
No, she hasn’t:
Macron turns up the heat on fish already - taste of the UK's brexit future...
No bother Brexit means brexit nothing more nothing less
You first duty as an MP over-rides the other two. Every analysis of Brexit, apart from Minford's mad modelling, shows Brezit doing harm to the UK, not good.
REVEALED: EU plans to EXTEND Article 50 fearing MPs will KILL May's Brexit deal.#Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexiteers #TheresaMay #politics #PoliticsLive #news #today #Goverment #Tories #Cabinet #BrexitAgreement #BrexitChaos
Oh shut up. To think I voted for you
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum | Politics | The Guardian
If U don't want 2 look at facts, have fun w/your cruel inhumane ideological #Brexit
The deal sounds like Hotel California to me.
“Labour’s leadership is determined to hold out against backing a second referendum on Brexit unless all other options have been exhausted”
remember when we bought francs and got 2 for 1 GBP, I'm sure they enjoyed receiving our money just as much as we enjoyed spending it, where did all the prosperity go ? #creditcrunch #bankbailouts #peoplesvote we need to stay in the EU and sort out this brexit mess!
This is what has been MISSED on the NEWS Well Worth WATCHING
paragraph 23 on Tariffs is incompatible on its face with the UK and the EU agreeing and operating a Canada-style free trade agreement which permits each party to operate tariff policies with third countries independently of each other #ManagedNoDeal
fuck brexit
Because you seem to think that a party that did this and now insists there will be no second referendum and a party that has explicitly said nothing (second ref, lexit, withdrawing a50) is ruled out are the same. How many Labour MPs oppose Brexit?
Plenty of fascist states they can move to. We are a democracy, intend to stay that way.
They sure as fuck weren’t going to oppose it Piers! As well knows!
#Brexit supporters do have one redeeming quality: they can be used as food when the UK collapses.
Theresa May's Brexit Deal Doesn't Come Close To Protecting Workers' Rights
Oh yes of course that is true but the thing about Brexit was utter nonsense.
While the Gibraltar ‘concession’ worries me greatly, we now have two choices: vote down the deal and remain or persevere with ’s deal. There is no perfect solution, damage our democracy or our economy. The reality of Brexit.
Yep, from old Labour to Corbyn Labour to Tories, from 'We have to manage immigration' to 'We need to kick immigrants out', the 1 thing which unites them is immigrant bashing. Bc it brings votes. The irony will be lost on people who cannot see the parallel with benefit claimants
is trying to blackmail the nation into accepting her deal when we all know that the deal we currently have is gar better than the deal she is trying to sell us.
If the #BrexitDeal goes through I expect a shopping list of concessions to get all EU27 members NOT to veto the deal. 18 months will go fast &amp; if May is in charge will she be preparing for a WTO #Brexit or more of the same of just giving in to every demand to get any FTA deal?
Didn't read, it went straight into my digital shredder. #Brexit
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Indeed. Black Sunday. Very sad. We must stop this going any further.
How much to read into timing in re distracted Western governments (Brexit talks, French protests, general U.S. chaos)? Or is that less significant than it may seem?
Even leavers admit Brexit won't have a financial return now, and it's about sovereignty, not money, so the idea there will be more money for the NHS, regardless of the specific amount, is a lie
Can the UK cancel Brexit? We're about to find out as the ECJ set to rule You can never really leave the EU, they should make that clear before a country joins.
Well worth a read -
“Tony Blair makes a strong case for parliament voting down Brexit. What would happen then is anybody’s guess. But what happens if parliament oks the deal is anybody’s guess. I know Americans in no position to cast stones, but strange way to run a country.”
I am with you Ann.
There is no 'better Mike gapes' no 'jobs first Mike gapes' no 'socialist Mike gapes'
Could you please say: ok it was a shit idea? Let us forget this and be friends again and fight against nazis together? #brexit
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
Hours of meetings btw remainers &amp; EU to plan to reverse Brexit.They collude with them. It’s what they do every time a country goes against them in a referendum. Dangerous dangerous people. People underestimate them
Is this moment akin to 1995 as growing crisis prompted #NATO involved or is it more like gradualism &amp; aggression ca. 1993-94? For a good brief history of #NATO see:
So ironic that you think Remainers ignorant. There's no homogenous view of what Brexiteers are. The reasons you voted brexit are not universal and you know that I suspect. Your divisive tweet shows that YOU are ignorant, condescending and wrong.
Couldn't agree more. Keep up your vital work.
All the lies money washing Farage Banks &amp; co need to go to prison for what they have done to this country including every single person who doesn’t put their food where their mouth is Dyson, hedge fund Brexit betters!!
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Let me guess... A People’s Vote.
The primary cause of Brexit was 1) Uncontrollable EU immigration. 2) ECJ. 3) Returning power to our democratically elected Parliament. 4) Ceasing payments to EU which prop up inefficient Continental farmers 5) Getting our fishing grounds back. Even a WTO exit achieves all that.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
No surprise there...Love to see Markets response. They just realised they can squeeze more out of us. #Brexit.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week
Brexit voters~ TL;DR ... Leave means Leave.
Macron: Brexit Shows that the EU Needs to "Re-establish" itself #Brexit #Europe
Labour have no chance with their deal. Just a stupid idea with no way of being accepted by EU unless we accept 4 freedoms &amp; pay £bns. Hardly Brexit.
BBCNEWS 1:15pm EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. EU Chiel Brexit negotiator says deal is 'fair &amp; balanced' EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Deal will...
“To make a long story short, #brexit is stupid!” coole kids #imzentrum
ECB QE ends December. Italian budget rejected and spreads rising. Germany in negative growth. Riots in France. EU cannot afford chaotic Brexit #WTOExit now
I really like all the Brexit Supporting People on this thread Whereas U Prince of Ayre R not likeable at all! Ur silly assumptions about ppl harking back 2 the British Empire's pathetic. Most of us want 2 avoid being in Federal Super State - corrupt, protectionist + undemocratic
Labour doing its best to alienate its core constituency. You realise younger voters are against Brexit / no deal?
EU rules out UK role in foreign, defence decisions via
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat | Politics | The Guardian
Better to rather rmain??
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
Important reminder of New Labour's shameful failures to resist anti-immigration rhetoric when they were in power.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week
Brexit is doing weird things to people.
This would be wonderful, but I ain't gonna hold my breath, as they say ...
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
No Brexit for me
Caroline forget Brexit for a minute ...if you vote with May whose govt kills ordinary people every week through UC and her gambling policies you will never be forgiven and you will be deselected I think you want that notoriety that is fine the vote is yours
EU officials given date for crunch Brexit vote in Commons
If she does that it'll be NO #Brexit and, shortly thereafter, NO !
The government is not helping Brits because Trillions in Middle Eastern oil money is flowing through London’s banks. When this is over, and all the blood is washed from the streets, I want to see all these European Union supporters prosecuted in Nürnberg.
Buttery biscuit brexit
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected - May
And there we have it #FBPE #PeoplesVote our trustworthy elite are pulling the wool over our eyes. Who would have thought it.
Perhaps if you read this thread you’ll consider some other reasons we’re in this position.
You'll be playing games with you're old brexit chums if anything kicks off.
If you are so confident.....then hand back the Knighthood :) #PeoplesVote
someone is leaving with one million Polish economic refugees in her backyard, claiming she has nothing to do with the mess she leaves behind what brexit is really all about ?
Not the people's deal, not parlements deal, not the cabinets deal, not the Brexit ministries deal, but Mrs Mays deal...
Yes! Brexit MUST be stopped...
The deal is a trap - an obvious one - we will only be able leave if everyone agrees after the transition period - what is the price then? Gibraltar? - Northern Ireland? - if a politician dresses it up as Brexit they are either stupid or duplicitous - or both
What happens when Parliament blocks the deal and we leave on March 31st 2019 and the sky doesn't fall. What happens to the reputation of government when it happens again, like it did after the BrExit vote itself Trust is a difficult thing to earn but easy to throw away.
You're using the wrong photo for Mrs May's pigheaded approach to Brexit.
peoples vote ahahaahhahha the people voted for brexit you tit
Agreed. UK pathetic under her.
The news is he’s using his time to campaign for a confederate wannabe and watch Fox News to quote people who praise him
Its F all to do with Corbyn pro or against. Its a fact that virtually all BBC C4 or Sky so called balanced discussions are always weighed against the Brexit position - Don't give a flying one what the opinion is out there - its mine and its for anyone to prove it wrong with Facts
another of your porkies laid bare
Brexit’s here, are you listening? It’s a mess, we’re still lying, A horrible sight, when we all talk such shite, Walking in a Brexit wonderland.
Wonderful thread. #PeoplesVote #Finalsayfor
'Look at the HORROR!' Tony Blair SAVAGED by Andrew Marr in tense second Brexit vote row - Express
A Clean Brexit is our only option
PM wanted help selling her deal - instead Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK
Have you read this?
Also, if you put 10 Brexiteers in a room they wouldn't even be able to agree amongst themselves what Brexit means. So again, no.
Stop lying! This isn’t Brexit, this is betrayal on a massive scale &amp; you will all lose your seats! Do not bet that ppl will vote for the Tory party instead of a Corbyn gov, they won’t ! Both parties are filth but right now the Tory betrayal is worse &amp; voters will punish you!
To I could have done a better job than you at getting a good withdrawal and trade deal from the EU #Brexit
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
too rite. crackin open a carlin at that. brexit carnt cum soon enuf
The #EU are going to strip England of everything of value, plus. An Independent Scotland in the #EU , wants a piece of the action. We'll have Berwick back first. Followed by the Sunderland Nissan factory. Then a slice of, the London stock market and services. #Brexit
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home - Miami Herald
Its capitulation and certainly not brexit. Time the country came together? This will fracture it even further.
This week the man who negotiated the Brexit deal resigned because of the deal he negotiated, while the woman who wants to go beyond parliament and appeal to the people refuses to let the people vote on it since that’s a matter for parliament. Pair of clods. #PeoplesVote
Surely you meant to type 'one's freedom', not 'our freedom'.
REVEALED: EU top secret plans to EXTEND Article 50 fearing MPs will KILL May's Brexit deal -
CW 'Mad Max: No Deal Brexit' on channel 5. Best bit so far, cutting from a motorcade of freaks ploughing through a burning wasteland to the Vauxhall sponsor ad of two nice old ladies slowly driving out of a supermarket car park.
Can you tell me why the EU would accept the David Davies proposal? Remember their objective is to get the worst Brexit deal for the UK so the UK decides Brexit never happens.
The thing is though, if enough constituents write to an MP and say that they'll never be voted for again while they support Brexit, then they'll soon start taking notice.
So, this new Ukraine crisis kicks off as the day the Brexit deal is done. It's certainly diversionary tactics. Anyone joined up all the dots yet?
It’s a Black Sunday for us in the UK too - we have been betrayed by our Prime Minister
May signs Brexit deal, but faces bigger battle in a divided Britain via #worldnews
Brexit wasn’t a word until 3 years ago, but here we are with undereducated adults using it. Oh f*ck, did I just mansplain? Is there a meme that can help here? If only a covfefe could facilitate my point...
Just leave with #nodeal! #Brexit We mean Brexit proper. No half measures!
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
Dear Father Christmas...... I live in hope.....
“I’m not sad about leaving EU” Theresa May tells emotional European leaders. “Because I am afraid of immigrants.” UK PM admits to her inner xenophobia.
Are you on drugs? It does none of those things.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (16) If we do stay in the Customs Union after the Implementation Period (i.e. if the backstop is activated), we negotiate its end in 2023.
See a Brexit Broadcasting Corporation employee sneaks in on blind side Gina #peoplesVote #StopBrexit
Bullish for Brexit!
What "the people want" is very simple: 1. The full upfront costs + ongoing costs of her #WithdrawalAgreement 2. A comprehensive #brexit Implementation Plan 3. An #economic #ImpactAnalysis of this PLAN 4. An open vote in 5. Validation via #PeoplesVote
why would you buy Brexit means Brexit.. when again your leader is evidenced in her recent plagiarism attempt from unpublished work without consent of author when you know full well who compiled the file wrote the works or poetry May thinks One line at a time is ok?
So we go along with a damaging #Brexit because we are afraid of a possible far right resurgence if we don’t? Appeasement is not the solution. I cannot respect the result of a referendum based on lies, misinformation and cheating. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
TERESA MAY SAYS ITS UR DUTY TO MPS TO BACK HER BREXIT PLAN! ITS NOT A FREE VOTE THEN? JUST THREATEN EM, THEY WILL THEN THINK OF THEIR POCKETS. THIS IS GREAT DEMOCRACY I MUST SAY?
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week
I liked a video Spain's prime minister says UK's Brexit deal opens door on Gibraltar
P.S. Brexit was never primarily about immigration. Or economics.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Very decisive quote - WELL DONE!
Macron reveals reality of #brexit ?
BBCNEWS 1:16pm EU AGREES BHEXIT DEAL. EU endorsement follows 18 months of negotiations EU AGREES BREXIT DEAL. Withdrawal agreement...
Yes they got a lot of money invested a brexit could bankrupt them
But other than that...
I want an Exit from Brexit
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
why do we still indulge a lying, duplicitous buffoon like Tony Blair with any air time to spout his political incompetence in a public forum.
Hey-ho. Today has been like a dress rehearsal for #Brexit. Tomorrow is another day. Going to Scotland to speak about the Psalms to a clergy conference this week. Life goes on.
How do you translate that into 'obvious love of Brexit'?
Corbyn to oppose mays brexit deal- that’s the 1st sensible thing I’ve heard from him- Never thought I’d back a socialist over the Tory leader what a fucked up world we live in Roll on death!
Thank you The Live exports are hell on earth for these innocent animals. There is NO NEED for this. The current #brexit deal will NOT now stop this.
Brexit deal latest: What will happen if UK Parliament REJECTS Theresa May's 'only deal'?
I like to say a big thank you to you and others for speaking up for millions of people who for many reasons fear speaking up for themselves, you have shown more belief and confidence in the UK's future than our own politicians #Brexit
I like the base I like the buttery base I like the buttery brexit base
Another week of pulling faces ahead ! #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit agreement 'the best deal possible'
If she was getting a full Brexit we would all be behind her. But no chance with this it's just a dogs breakfast.
#Brexit was always going to be bad mate. Nothing surprises me anymore.
If he were a British citizen he still wouldn't have any children.
Russia. Got trump in and divided the states. Got brexit UK broken and weak and eu weakened. Now they are showing their strength.
The EU’s take-it-or-leave-it stand on Brexit doesn’t bode well for Italy’s populist government, locked in a standoff with Brussels over its spending push via #tictocNews
What I want is to #Remain from an ex Brexit voter
I voted Remain, still want to remain and yet this makes me simultaneously want the hardest possible Brexit
Or, more likely, he just wants to win the next general election, which will take place in the economic hellscape of a no-deal brexit and Jezza "I told you so" Corbyn hopes he can win big and be PM... of an economically collapsed &amp; socially divided UK. Ugh.
Sorry, I moved all my interests in real estate out of London and moved them to Canada, brexit made the market just too volatile
Oh dear you got sold in by those bias fake polls. Asking remainers what they would vote on polls being ran by Pro EU organisations is not a real vote. In the two votes we have had the public have voted for Brexit
Mr Corbyn has played the long game; has been spot on so far which is why MSM, BBC, Tories, Blair, anti-Corbyn idiots inside/outside Labour, who cannot formulate an objective truthful point to disguise their own personal loathing.
I just read "Brexit and the Global Economy" towards the end of the article you mentioned that the UK is losing corporate investment as well as a shift of the corporate employment structure ahead of brexit. My question is, isn't the job of govt to adjust to these changes
UK’s Brexit deal agreed by EU leaders -
A couple of big hurdles jumped...bigger ones lie ahead...#Brexit EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit -
There was meant to be a Special Conference to determine the Party policy on Leave or Remain and we never got that. When are you going to debate Labour Brexiteers?
We need someone leading this shower who was a genuine believer in Brexit. We are a great nation. We are a global nation. Welcome world.
Astonishing! Who does think she is? She is only a PM not an absolute monarch with a divine right, or is she now a dictator. This whole #Brexit has driven her into denial and I would think she is now quite mad. #MayMustGo
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week
A comprehensive Trade deal outside of the single market and customs union will cost the UK around £100b and will wipe out manufacturing #stopbrexit #peoplesvote
LibDems will have to defend their voting position when - if as expected - two of their MPs vote for BREXIT. Stop trying to make this about Corbyn - it isnt - its Labour - we need a Labour party to stand up to the Tories and look after everyones interests - not just support BREXIT
Does this sounds familiar to anyone? #brexit
They are a party of protest. do not want power in any circumstance. It would scare them shitless. Thus, they sow confusion. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Crickey - how was this Professor able to predict things so accurately? Could it be he used the now illicit practice of “applied expertise”? Need to shut his kind down after Brexit - multivariate analysis is elite exploitation: only opinion matters in the new UK and, how you look.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week
Key points in the EU-UK Brexit agreement
Just waiting for the British Government to accuse the Greeks and Cypriots of being Provos. It's how xenophobic Britain does international diplomacy these days. #BrexitBritain #roguestate
Of course it's already doomed!
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Epic thread! This is the backstory that got lost in the news cycles but it's time for a refresher!
But I thought Brexit was settled today. And we can all get back to our lives, no?
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
I don’t disagree. I didn’t hear the opposition at the time doing their job of making the points about the particulars though. Also during the ref campaigning Corbyn bears a lot of responsibility for his work in getting remain to win. Basically brexit was not about only 1 person
You’re right. Two officials from #VoteLeave are right there in No.10, working with her, probably spiking her news feeds, intercepting her emails, telling her black is white. Hence the delusions / lies that a fantasy #Brexit dividend is going to fund NHS improvements. #LeaveLies
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
Not this deal. Its not Brexit.
Spot on Jack
I’m not sad about leaving EU, Theresa May tells emotional European leaders
They will never forgive the MPs who vote for the deal either like
The Brexit referendum was a trial run for the US elections. Farage mined data with Cambridge Analytica for the ignoble nationalism and racism of the British and told 2 major lies: immigration would be halted, and money withheld from the EU would go into the National Health.
French President #Macron lays down the law on a #Brexit trade deal for the #UK
Politics is all about promises, sometimes keeping them, sometimes not. Personally i think the politicos who pushed for brexit are the ones who’ve betrayed the people. By that’s a whole different story.
Bob, how will a post-Brexit regulatory framework impact on mixed origin meat and - ultimately - the taste of your burgers?
Stephen Bush lays out a convincing case here as to why a 2019 GE would be better for the Tories than a 2022 GE after a 'no deal' Brexit:
What a prick!
Emmanual #Macron picks fight with Scots fishermen over post-Brexit deal
Probably a well intentioned tweet. But starting it with 'however we voted' is dismissive of the democratic vote that instigated #Brexit
All I'm doing is correcting historical facts. Not even debating Brexit with a britnat who's oblivious to own history
Undesirability of postponing Brexit for an extended period in order to carry on negotiating rather than implementing anything, is a severe risk that the EU will adopt &amp; shape regulatory measures which are damaging for UK industries #ManagedNoDeal
I've signed the petition calling on MPs to protect our food, farm and animal welfare standards after Brexit. Can you?
Reject the proposal. Have another referendum &amp; overturn #Brexit. Pretend it never happened. That is all.
ANDREW FARRAN. Brexit: Facing the Brexit cliff even when a viable path beckons #auspol
If it happens the Indy you vote for will be the same as the Referedum - you won't know what you're voting for - better the devil you know. The best thing is STOP BREXIT and have a MUELLER type inquiry. Referendum was corrupt and rigged.
Extremely interesting article, Labour seems to be quite a fractured party.
I think lots will abstain cancelling out the Tory rebels and she might just survive. Voting against ensures a no deal Brexit will take place but we all know Corbyn favours that anyway
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week
Just in case anybody still thinks May's atrocious deal might be OK, then please read this: #DitchTheDeal
The Brexit deal explained in one second- absolute shite.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
THIS. #Brexit
Bin, as one of your constituents, overall, on my balanced judgement it doesn't. If you have been following #Brexit then it doesn't do anything which the PM says in her letter. #PeoplesVote
Time for #ParliamentarySecretBallots
Democracy isn't delivered at all. Staying in the customs union isn't Brexit Ian, that's the point. If we really were leaving, per the ballot paper, we wouldn't be talking about a withdrawal agreement that effectively has us remaining.
I don’t think this comment gets anyone anywhere. Vote matters because result will determine what happens next: orderly Brexit or political chaos.
No we won’t blame labour for a Tory screw up, we will blame labour for being complicit in Tory brexit. The ref was a blatant corruption of rule of law and our democratic principles and labour silent. In opposition they’re certainly not.
I was not defending the EU...I just think HM Govt. started it by their Jenga-style Brexit to suit their internal politics.....It should have been WTO , simples....
Le Figaro would be the French equivalent of the Telegraph. They didn’t drink the Kool Aid. They take a clear eyed view of Brexit and the French is beautiful. ...The British political class played Russian roulette and dumped a strategy that had worked for centuries...
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (17) (That'll be the year after the election, remember.) And then the backstop will end fully in 2024.
Nasty bitter taste your own medicine has, would you agree?
Environment Minister Michael Gove claims "UK will run out of water within hours of a No Deal BREXIT"... THOUGHTS?!
Rothschilds Plan for EU after Brexit – Revealed by His Famous Agents |
I never thought I'd say this, but can we have Tony Blair back? Please? I don't like it any more. It's cold, and angry, and there's a loud, sentient genital wart screaming about foreign people #Brexit
I voted remain and Martina Anderson and her colleagues don't speak for me, in fact, don't by definition do any speaking for anyone.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
And Labour. The EU have already said no better deal out there They say they would renegotiate. How? They have had no concrete stance on brexit all through this process so what now? Don't Be surprised if Corbyn comes out in support of second ref as they have nowhere else to go
After 2 yrs of theatrics #Brexit is now in its final act The players put up a fine performance &amp; deceiving the public, have now handed over Great Britain's government to the #GB is no longer 'great' but rotten to the core with #EU agents on the #Brussels payroll
It's the Beginning of the End for Great Britain. Both Scotland and North Ireland will leave the United Kingdom because both were against #Brexit
I've answered it plenty of times, your fellow Remainers ALWAYS discount the #Brexit benefits. I no longer bother to try, I have 4 months to wait to potentially get what I want, I have no need to convince anyone of the benefits.
So many kids have no f’king idea how much Tony Blair changed everything. Gays and blacks were regarded as *scum* before Tony - he changed everything. But, he was totally constrained by the liberal economic model, yet still smashed it.
Why not, her deal is a Hotel California purgatory that we cannot leave without eu permission.
This is a wind up, right?
‘Which part of Theresa May’s political career ever showed heart and soul?’ #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit #brexitshambles #dup
Thank you Here's Putin emboldened by #Brexit and the rest of the world one step closer to war and/or global klepto/plutocratic totalitarianism #PeoplesVoteNow
Unfortunately that comment is illustrative of the shambles that is #brexit . Some #brexiteers will support this withdrawal deal, some support no deal, some support a 'better deal'. Nobody has offered any plausible alternative to what is on offer.
And what is their position now??
The elderly and the uneducated voted for #Brexit which are you, or is it both?
Lies, lies and more lies. Brexit wipes.
PM wanted help selling her deal - instead Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK
I know one thing for sure . A Tory government after brexit is a lot more alarming than under labour
#Spain and France expose brutal reality of #Brexit for #UK
Shorter version: it’s terribly vexing that parties likely to suffer the collateral damage of our decisions are jealously defending their interests.
Brexit deal ‘only’ and ‘best’ option available: UK PM May
Charles Kennedy -
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home - Miami Herald
No Deal. In other words what over 17 million people voted for....Brexit.
31% of Britons who supported BREXIT believed that Muslim immigration is part of a wider plot to make Muslims the majority in Britain, a conspiracy theory that originated in French far-right circles and is known as the “great replacement”. Xenophobia destroys Economies.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough new demands to lock UK into joint fisheries deal
Brexit latest: EU leaders back Theresa May's withdrawal deal and political declaration on future UK-EU relationship
Much concern with uncertainty over Brexit caused by disparate views everywhere. PM's deal is a compromise. If there is a better compromise, why haven't you guys tabled it &amp; persuaded the government? Life says that big change has to be done in steps. Please help PM.
The exact nature of the #Brexit deal (or no deal) does not seem as important as keeping this person as far away from power as humanly possible.
Lets get down there &amp; Support this
Stupid comment. This is a referendum result sought for and owned in every way by the Tories.
If there’s projects we’ve agreed to fund then fine. But only an appropriate amount. We voted to leave the EU because we were being used as their bloody cash cow... also why should they have the power of veto whether brexit goes ahead? The referendum stated we were to leave?
All our greatness is in the past. Insignificant is what we've become, all thanks to the Brexit Bunch.
The irony of this piece of...... using words like credible &amp; integrity
Haven't people been saying that labour is on the verge of a split for the last three years? Hasn't really happened has it
Brexit is NOT the problem, treacherous remainers like and yourself are the problem.
#Spain and France expose brutal reality of #Brexit for #UK
Almost as good a deal as Brexit
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week
#Brexit #LeaveEU #HARDBREXIT Petition: Leave the EU now
Happy Sunday!
2/ ..to suspend EU migration—a policy that might have changed the course of the referendum Also bits from and similar. There were also reports at the time Mrs Merkel had tentatively agreed to this and then changed her mind.
EasyJet’s Brexit-Proofing and 3 Other Aviation Trends This Week EasyJet is actively preparing for Brexit. EasyJet Skift Take: This week in aviation, EasyJet is preparing for Brexit as actively and confidently as possible, and we take a look at what "pr…
When Jon spoke about the LibDems he claimed they were the only party fighting Brexit. I pointed out that that's false. He accepted the point.
A thread on the racism of the centre.
Well, at least apocalypse will finally put the Brexit debate to bed...
It's hardened my view #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDeal is better that #FuckWit's Deal I'm not alone
The bill for May’s Brexit.
WATCH: European Union leaders approve 'tragic' Brexit deal (via )
No - Tories are totally at fault. Labour abstained repeatedly on the critical votes. Saying all options are on the table is not enough, no, we need Labour to actively oppose BREXIT and not support it. There is no "jobs first" BREXIT - its a lie.
Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit
Well you Brexit Pollyannas did want whatever benefit there is hidden away in Brexit “at any cost”.Rather like selling the family house &amp; getting a garden shed in exchange.
Frankly the leadership had no choice. After May’s deal is voted down (Labour had to wait until the Tories effectively killed Brexit) Labour’s position will become much clearer to those who don’t understand what’s been going on since the strategy was formed in 2016/17.
That puts in context just how fucked we will be with this deal
British PM Theresa May has made a direct appeal to the public to back her Brexit deal. It just needs the approval of UK Parliament after the European Union passed it in 40 minutes overnight.
PM wanted help selling her deal - instead Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK
Breaking News: UK will run out of fresh air to breath if the UK has no deal with the EU because we can't use their controlled air filters.
Just like the remainders then
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Dear Maria as a local family in Old Basing with extended family in the Basingstoke area, life long Tory voters. All of us , i count 40+ will never vote for you again if you support the Brexit withdrawal bill in parliament.
"Maybe Game of Thrones is set in the future, after Brexit. Everyone's in rags &amp; not a Toblerone in sight" #stewartlee
Denial and bargaining as Theresa #May #grieves for her #Brexit dreams
Except that there is literally nothing that is actually "Brexit", because Brexit was never officially defined before the vote. This can't be stressed too often, especially when you hear charlatans like the Prime Minister talking about respecting the result.
Nope.
British PM Theresa May has made a direct appeal to the public to back her Brexit deal. It just needs the approval of UK Parliament after the European Union passed it in 40 minutes overnight.
"It is most regrettable that the government is not trying to sell the deal on its merits, but is seeking to take advantage of legal complexities to misrepresent the legal effects of the agreement on this critical point as well as others."
Do you ever see anyone on here tweet "I've just proudly joined the Conservative Party?" No? Me, neither! is blown away in a #Brexit gale!
"It would not have played out as it has" in that either the Tories would have won a majority in 2017 or Theresa May would not have called an election and they could have pushed any deal they like through Parliament.
BREXIT THE MOVIE - THE FISH STORY (7 of 26) via
Solid THREAD. The hyperventilating over this article has been embarrassing.
To my opinion Article 50 EUT doesn’t mean Great Britain is forced to an hard Brexit. It is the time a member state has to wait minimum before he can part. But European Union has to care for it citizens we don’t sent them just out. Their is responsibility.
Why Now? Because other countries busy at home (e.g., Brexit and EU vote, American Thansgiving weekend? Helping themselves and Trump?)
They always were. The position on brexit is as confused and unrealistic as the ERG with the added shameful deceit of supporting both remain and leave simultaneously.
Vicar's daughter or not, the last thing Theresa May can now claim is that she is driven by Christian values. #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
is such a liberal I KNOW BEST DO AS I SAY #Dictator
That Brexit deal: it’s time for the UK to embrace the great Indian concept of Chalta Hai. It’s hard to translate but essentially it’s this: “Fuck it, we’re all fucked, but it’s this or fuck all and as we are already fucked, what the fuck?” #brexit #eu
As Labour is not hemmed in by May's red lines, which attempt to placate and cater for her racist free market party they have more room for negotiation and are bound to succeed. I say that as someone who is very wary of the EU but believe Corbyn is the only PM who can solve Brexit
Are we suffering from Brexit Burnout Syndrome Well, it will be suspenseful, hold on to your phones, laptops, tablets 27th ruling in Luxembourg about Brexit and its legality or illegality
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
#brexit Loving listening to the desperate armchair experts deliving their twitter tripe ... Sobbing into their Sushi.
Let’s be clear. Most of these are happening *because of* Trump and his funders. And he couldn’t care less about the rest of them.
Some much needed context to Britain’s shameful ‘hostile environment’ thanks:
Remainers do. They all seem to know what leavers voted for And all mention Hard and Soft Brexit Flip the result 52 / 48 in favor of Remain whats hard and soft remain (16 M want to know )
Within the confines of the law. However, Brexit is angering many people north of the border - where the vote was for remain. EU membership was a key argument against the last indy ref. You think that just because the Tories will try to stop them they won't go, you're wrong.
Reading the comments on any post or tweet about Brexit is genuinely a bit scary #brexit #polarising
Tommy,you are a credit to RTE and the nation. A broadcasting powerhouse when it comes to all things BREXIT. Keep up the great work!
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Hammond is a self-servative. No one is surprised.
Hey stop this bullshit now. Just stop. Hold you hands up, admit you fucked up and get back to how things were before #Brexit. Ffs.
Reason 239912 the last Labour Government wasn't as nice, sunny and lovely as most people think it was. Just because politics is dire now, doesn't mean it wasn't dire prior to 2010.
And that's what it'll look like post-Brexit too.
Erm that Post Brexit food trade deal with the US looking really appetising isn’t it......
Foster, at the run-up to the assembly election and just months to the referendum was a remainer and pleaded with Cameron to delay the date of ref back to autumn2016. But DC refused so she had to switch to brexit to avoid losing assembly seats and put the dup on road to disaster.
Where it falls down is that sentient people actually think TM's done her best--indeed has ACHIEVED the best--to deliver the nonsense #Brexit. This shit is what it actually looks like. One solution: #StopBrexit. Way past time #Corbyn got behind that fundamental truth, isn't it?
I've given it a lot of thought and I really think Charm is the leader we need in these shambolic political times. If anyone can bring us back from the Brexit brink, it's a lioness who can scare off a whole herd of buffalo from behind a log #charm4primeminister #dynasties
The story of New Labour's approach to immigration is complex than this. Yes, they pandered to the Conservatives and the right-wing tabloids on language and in making life harder for migrants. But they also allowed net migration to the UK to soar to unprecedented levels.
The way Brexit might go, Brits could be struggling to aquire enough insulin in... 6 months, nevermind 12 years.
And where's David Cameron now? Where are all of the Leave campaigners for that? Not dealing with the mess that is Brexit.
Who will the rest of the UK trade with after Brexit ? Also when Scotland leaves. I mean trade will be horrific outside the block with no trade deals. Britain will need to start from scratch and countries already saying they won't match current quotas.
Bee, I've done my research and am getting back to you. I'm with you 100%.
A Welsh tale of two referendums: Just as in Dickens’ famous A Tale of Two Cities, we can start… #Brexit #Politics
Absolutely loved the trailer for the new #Brexit drama but I fear that portraying Dominic Cummings as an Iago like figure plays into the hands of Brexiteers who’ll see it as an attack on ordinary voters by the metropolitan elite.
Love this!!! Thanks for sharing #labour #lostmyvote #brexit
Look at rain Tell other people to look at the Brexit negotiations.
'The USA came to its leading position in #science and #technology in part because talented #immigrants could thrive here' but hostile political rhetoric will scare global talent, says This rings a bell in the pre-#Brexit UK.
What she meant is "Remainers don't want to spend any more time arguing, and now I have engineered a way of staying in the EU for them, and overturning #Brexit through a massive con trick"
When a squirt like Macron can threaten you ,you know you are in trouble.
Behold. The Slippery brothers
Yeah right. Now Trump is responsible for Brexit? You guys can't think straight can you?
Think we can rely on Brexit to deliver your wishes, cretin.
I couldn’t agree more
this is not brexit. this being Europe's lapdog on a tight leash.
Same lads who fed this fire now loosing their shit about a People's Vote. Then again, we've long known they have no shame. Just fking shit for the rest of us who are in politics for sincere reasons.
If only this had been shown on national tv BEFORE the Brexit vote....
Your call is important to us, but she doesn't do unscripted "speaking". Please press 1 for pre-recorded response "I know what British People want"; 2 for "Nothing has changed" or 3 for "It's this Deal, No Deal or No #Brexit". Thank you for your interest. #SacktheBrexitDeal
Not good enough I`m afraid. Mass demonstrations and coordinated strikes, called by Corbyn, DEMANDING a GE. JC must promise a socialist brexit, the ending of cuts and austerity, student loans--the whole gamut--and he must do it NOW.
This is only the start
It strikes me that framing this as "US fires tear gas into Mexico" leaves out substantial and important details which might give a more accurate picture of the situation.
Guess what most of the people in this country agree with this.
Thread: triangulating to the right valorises right-wing narratives and pushes the whole political debate rightwards. Juist dinnae dae thon!
This resonates at this time. Is a deeper federalised Europe in our interest #brexit
I’ve received over 1,000 emails about Brexit, and done my best to answer them all (apols if I missed you). For the record – and to save you writing in – I will NOT be supporting the draft EU deal. KensingtonCLP
Good Brexit article from Chi Onwurah
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Unfortunately the Brexit humiliation may only make it worse, as the British electorate is really good at blaming anything else than themselves, even though they are certainly co-responsible. Both by their referendum vote and participating in the FPTP pretend democracy disaster.
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
UK cannot be equal to something it's part of itself?! You not grasping this nor e.g. Junker living with disability just underlines the cause of Brexit: ignorance. Also Germany can never win, can it ? Being against war where possible is wrong? (1/2)
Of course you can change your mind What you can't do though, is overturn the result of the biggest mandate ever in the history of voting in the UK Brexit - No Deal - preferably must be delivered. Then you can campaign for us to rejoin if that's what you want. THAT'S Democracy
It is amazing that the Telegraph continue to pay so much for so little.
Ukrain and Russia are flaring up right now, closer to home especially with UK bullied into boots on the ground there by EU dispite Brexit.
Second vote not undemocratic, Irish PM says on Brexit
Did he have matching shoes on today?
Let's be honest, with a brexit, Citizen's won't be able to hold the Goverment accountable, when they Secretly carry out Acts, like the Snoopers Charter. If the last 2 years are anything to Go by, what else will this country be exposed too? Once we leave the EU.....
assume you’ll vote against brexit shambles? Could you confirm?
#lol #Brexit UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
Simon gets it. Apparently the only people who don't get it are in government
Italy vs EU - The new Brexit? via
FBPE Twitter: "Corbyn is colluding with May for a Hard Brexit!!" Meanwhile, on Tory Twitter:
MOST IMPRESSIVE!! I WOULD LIKE TO MEET LIKE MINDED INDIVIDUALS. ABOUT ME: DARK LORD HOBBIES: CRUSHING REMAINER REBELS DRINK: BANTHA BEER FOOD: FRIED CHLORINATED CHICKEN ASPIRATION: OVERTHROW OF DEMOCRACY AND CREATION OF A GALACTIC BREXIT EMPIRE. SEND ME A TRANSMISSION!!
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
&amp; therein lies the dilemma Hokey Cokey Mays brexit Corbyn govt Remain OR No deal
"..Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading dismissed Eileen Jolly..The #NHS trust has admitted* she was unfairly dismissed because she was not given the opportunity to appeal, but it said the decision to dismiss her was not made on the basis of her age." *Sack HR Lead
Was just wondering that myself. And how our current Brexit knife-edge shenanigans play into the Russian masterplan. Or are they all distractions while something bigger is being put together? They were always great at chess...
Deceived on the way in, betrayed on the way out.
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms
A sad and moving announcement showing the EU cares - let’s see more of that style of leadership in the future
Sure president buy your business packege before the end 2018#*.
Given it is now panto season: “oh yes we do!”
#Brexit now undermines #Gibraltar as well as Northern Ireland, the U.K. economy and the western liberal embrace of the former dictatorships in Eastern Europe. Thank you, Brexiteers!
Nicola Sturgeon: There’s almost nothing true in Theresa May’s Brexit letter
Chance caused Brexit
dumb thread.
Makes the "proud anti-racist tradition" rhetoric sound a little hollow doesn't it?
answer this
Seriously, today of all days, you try to make a case for the Union? We've just been utterly ignored over Brexit and lumped into a disaster
It is, that's why brexit is so difficult, well that and the fact we have a government who wasn't prepared to tell the EU we would leave with a no deal
If you’re a Shop Assistant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this failure! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Something I said a while back is that if you're going to do a citizenship test, it's better for it to be basically a pub quiz on the country's history. I normally find this kind of thing a bit obnoxious but it's not terrible advice either.
It’s just occurred to me that my licsensing papers are longer then the Brexit deal. That’s a lot of reading for a Sunday evening. #CllrLife
Good like detective and campaign work. How to reach goals. Tomorrow the crazy blogs come up ;) BBC like first day landing a UFO before parliament can already hear the brexit guy shouting
And in the end, this is what the whole fucking thing is about
was as incompetent as a ome secretary as she is a . Primary aim to protect privileged London interests and financial markets. No concern for true ethical behaviour which necessitates a Christian country to provide asylum to a persecuted Christian.
408 constituencies up &amp; down the UK voted to LEAVE..... This is BRINO. A pretend, fudge Brexit organised &amp; delivered by Remainers that never wanted to leave. Our Politicians do not represent the people of our Country. Who cares what the people want?
Is it worse than staying in the EU? I don't think so.....
Fucking out of Europe.... Really is simple .... dingle
Where the treaty obliges the UK to apply EU law or rules based on it, this procedure will require the substance of the dispute to be decided by the ECJ and not by the panel. #ManagedNoDeal
Our only veto is via Council of Ministers (Lisbon Treaty Article 48) but as May has already been signing us up to all the components of the EU Military despite Brexit, no chance she'll use it. PESCO not signed but joining alternative
I agree. F**k ‘em. No Deal for me
I do think the remain campaign failed to upsell the benifits and positives too much focus on project fear and not enough on how individuals truly benefit has resulted in this shambles ...
My belief, and previous posts say has "played" the #brexit game so well. She'll likely Retire, A Great Book/Movie Deal, Rich. Lose Of doctors, nurses, tech workers, business owners...Pain, Hit #ReverseBrexit #RealityPolitics Sour Notes Here
#brexit #tory politicians' favourite business partner... brexit is a nightmare just starting to unfold #NotBuyingIt #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement – what it all means
Narrators voice...."they rejected it before it was made public"
It should also mean that MPs’ votes in Parliament are secret, so that they aren’t made under any kind of duress.
...”reached the best possible deal” Who for? #brexit
More fantasy in which some fucking tan writing for the most right wing British journal blames Brexit on Ireland. You couldn’t make this shit up.
I have signed this initiative . Sign it and share it if you'd like to remain a European citizen after Brexit - if it goes ahead!
With all the facts that we now have, 's incapable of committing himself to any policy. IMO, he's as guilty as , &amp; the #Leave campaigners of 2016 of living in a fantasy land. I'm furious with him for making #Labour an ineffective opposition.
Is this the start of a government crumble
Also Christian Genocide is taking place in Nigeria under SHARIA LAW Between January &amp; June 2018 over 6000 Christians have been slaughtered &amp; Churches desecrated the majority were women &amp; Children Not condemned by the UN or FAKE NEWS - instead the FILTHY SCUM Condemn ISRAEL
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Dear - what they said... #BrexitDeal #Brexit
The irony that I’m in Brussels to attend an EC meeting on strengthening consumer protection on the day the UK announced the Brexit withdrawal. What future for drug and device regulation next?
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
The best deal is to cancel Brexit &amp; Labour should be aiming for that.
While trump unravels.
UK farmers urged to look to profit and ‘Brexit-proof’ their businesses
May's letter not gone down well!
I mean mostly this.
BREXIT?
Cmon. How can we sleepwalk into Brexit? It’s not like no one is paying attention.
Do read this long fascinating piece on ‘nice bloke’ Nigel Farage. Check out the thread below. Wonder why Andrew Neil is calling brave journalist misogynistic names. It’s a mess but it’s serious and slowly becoming clearer.
The latest The Daily Plebeian! Thanks to #peoplesvote #brexit
... empire loving #Brexiter when they realise #Gibraltar and #NorthernIreland are already gone. All to satisfy their sad little primitive racist fantasies! #Brexit #Brexiters #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
Not going to happen unfortunately.
#ForBritain #TheBattleForBritain #CloserNation BREXIT BETRAYAL MARCH is now 11.45am -- 3pm Sunday the 9th December wasn't the best day to use given the logistics getting there from the north. #ForBritain members should meet up together when we get a location !
Me too...
Ye cudnae mek it up!! @.o #bitterTaegether #zatRite?
Formed THAT opinion quite a long time ago ..... How she has the GAUL to take UK to Brexit is incredulous, being a STAUNCH REMAINER &amp; EU Lover. May is a TRAITOR, A LIAR &amp; an UTTER DISGRACE!
On MR Corbyn's Brexit.
Why is this important decision that needs reatifying by the people now so unimportant that it does not. The end is nigh for you &amp; your comrades. You have brought UK to its nknees with austerity &amp; now Brexit. Let us hope you are not let near power again.
On the difference between Brexit Britain and Trump's America: "Really it's the difference between depression and psychosis." -- "New Yorker" Staff Writer Rebecca Mead.
Surely you meant UK
visa via LoR who will the King be in return after all this Brexit nonsense!
what the fuck?
They don't, but the country can't afford the consequences of no deal and MP's know their constituents will hold them responsible for the debacle that follows. #brexit isn't happening, it's slipping away, unless Tory MP's find a spine between them. Unlikely.
If Labour supported a People’s Vote we could have no Brexit at all...
Of course you can. The Etonian elites stand to make millions from #Brexit Him and his millionaire buddies will do everything (even if it’s illegal as we’ve already seen!) to push it through regardless of knowing the rest of us will suffer.
The best &amp; only possible deal is the one we had before Brexit was invented - it was called EU membership. It's still available to you at zero cost before the 30th March 2019.
What is the Brexit deal and what happens next?
I bloody hope so. #GetTheToriesOut #ToryCutsKill
Most importantly, a Tory-backed Brexit is a road to NHS privatisation and further austerity. Are you really happy to be propping up May and in doing so, harming the interests of your constituents?
My issues with your PM has more to do with her being a Remainer who replaced a REmain PM after #Brexit, or her duplicity, but her cowardice is also a good reason should dump May.
Don’t think so, , you know, you’re my MP, a Yorkshire rural MP, and the farmers that I know are really dreading Brexit and for good reason.
Do Tories really love money &amp; power that much that they would be willing to vote through a #Brexit which they absolutely loathe? What am I thinking? Of course, they do.
Is there no end to the evil this “woman” will conduct? She’s set womenkind back a millennia at least - I’ll never vote for a woman again
When we get Brexit he might have think for a living
We voted LEAVE. We don't care if politicians create chaos for themselves because they can't accept our decision. Life goes on. There is never a shortage of politicians. There is only one chance to free ourselves from EU rule.
An addendum to art 50 covers extending art 50 it doesn’t allow extension for negotiating benefit Ok it’s their rules so it’s up to them but to extend for a GE to negotiate Brexit I am sure would come at a heavy price! Fully in CU SM with FOM and ECJ maybe not Corbyn plan
The new anti semitic shithole #berlin
I just don't see how we get from here to a 2nd Ref/Peoples Vote. There is no mechanism for it to happen and, vitally, the EU are done. Or for Parliament to even avoid Brexit on March 29th 2019. If May's deal goes down, how do we feasibly get a 2nd Ref?
The sun isn't known for its integrity. Or its intellectual ability. Or ethics. Or professionalism. Or sense. Or being right.
It's the brutal reality of *this deal*, not Brexit. No deal is the only good deal.
Yes remember the Tories did this solely for the Tories benefit not that of the nation. The ineptitude has put UK in a unique position of 50% voters saying they knew vehemently they were voting for a poorer economy and less choice. Tories screw up again
As long at you understand that will probably lead too a 2nd Ref or a General Election and not a No Deal Brexit.
Parliament must reject Theresa May's deal with the European Union because her version of Brexit is not in the national interest.
I had to check the date of this tweet to confirm which campaign she was referring to... I'm still not sure. My irony detector has exploded though, does anyone know where I can get it fixed? #Brexit #IndyRef2
Thank you for making this point . It’s an important one. and his much-vaunted Fisheries make substantially less than we do but that wasn’t made clear in the Brexit debate. It’s economically unsound to take away freedom of movement for creatives.
Do you want to put thousands of livelihoods at risk? There is no upside of Brexit for most people.
Brexit?
Perhaps I'm wrong, but here's what I think: - MPs reject #Brexit deal - Government resigns &gt; general elections - New government goes back to the people: Leave on those terms, or remain. - EU grants UK extra time for a 2nd referendum - Remain wins, and all live happily ever after.
They’re so transparent it hurts. I said the other day those that lied, cheated, showed complete bias spreading propaganda started to backtrack &amp; try absolve themselves. Too late to pretend they were honest &amp; non bias! OWN IT! I say to them all, Brexit is ALL YOURS in all forms
The #UK and #EU struck a #Brexit #deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
Tragic isn't it? I'm afraid I agree with you, but this brexit debacle will probably make some people more politically aware
Has the mess of Brexit not taught him anything ?
At you that stupid or what? You are frankly drinking tax payers moneys in return to spouting out nonsense. Brexit was a lie from the start so if you simply dislike the EU just say so but don't go riding the Brexit chariot for that.
That’s your choice. I also tweeted today about Brexit, UBI, missing boys, Kates handbag contents, bone marrow campaign and Teignmouth. You choose to be irritated on Sunday. Sad.
How is Brexit going for your Empire?
European Union Approves U.K. Brexit Divorce Deal -- But 'Bumpy Ride' Still Ahead | HuffPost Canada
Government could fall if #Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
EU leaders urge Britons to back May’s Brexit deal, say it’s the best they will get: article…
Theresa May didn't get reaction she'd hoped for from desperate Brexit letter via
Teamclueless
The latest Politically Aylesbury Vale! Thanks to #brexit #showbiz
As much as Brexit brakes my heart and as much as I normally support Labour, I haven‘t seen any credible alternative plans from your party...Which is heartbreaking as well...
Oooh here's Boris Johnson again with another* plan *same
I turned my lights off for an hour last Sunday actually. And only yesterday I baked a cake and piped "Brexit is silly" on it. So I think you'll find you owe me an apology.
Couldn't agree more.
Call a ref and stop posturing then. We know what brexit we have now
These visionless idiots who literally let politicians think for them, are too stupid for words. The bullshit they promote, nobody believes it for a reason. We can smell it because we know broadcast media is in part funded by the EU. Lazy journalism is #FakeNews
On every one of these co-ordinated #BackTheBrexitDeal tweets, the reply/rt ratio suggests considerable displeasure.. #BrexitDeal #Brexit #brexitbetrayal
Fake news. We have had 2 votes already the oublic voted for Brexit both times and they would again after seeing how the EU has conducted themselves during the negotiations. Literally had war declared on us twice!
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron (18) Alternatively, if you'd rather go on looking at the flashing lights in the news media, take it from me that everything I've said is wrong. In fact I never said it.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit yep - sums it up: EU is sad about UK leaving understanding the consequences for UK and May celebrates the demise of UK citizens rights to travel, work &amp; live freely in EU countries.
Sailed down the river ...... that’s why they were laughing between themselves the other week and busting a gut to get that Brexit deal signed .... all in their favour
Well if it's a hard Brexit then I reckon Britain will break up
What a sad day! #Brexit though to be fair it’s been said since the referendum...I still can not comprehend why the UK is doing this!
Name and shame the MP's that betrayed #Brexit
subscribe to pewdiepie #politics #india #indiatoday #gutenmorgen #minecraft #osu #europa #europe #Brexit
200 Tory MP's set to vote for May's non brexit what scum
Brexit: what now?
Watch all these Brexit lovers realise Trump really don't give a fuck about anyone in Europe (including the UK)
In its first 100k FH, the JSF had 3 major incidents - 2 of which were due to a now fixed issue - the Typhoon has had significantly more in its 300k FH. Secondly, cooperation insecurities Ala Brexit are putting the future of the Typhoon in jeopardy. UKalready seeking replacements
Barry, I'm with you.
Mr Juncker, please initiate behind the scenes discussions with Theresa May's government to wiggle out of #Brexit - they now realize it was a mistake, but they need an honourable way to get out of this. If someone can take this initiative NOW, it just might save both UK and EU.
Fascinating time to be in #Dublin as #Brexit in the works.
Imagine being a member of 28 beautiful countries then reduced to one. This is a very perplexing and bewildered experience for those of us who never lived in one. How fair is that? #Brexit
Say bye bye to that BBC job.
Paid propagandist exhibits his handlers utter ignorance of UK democracy. This guy was a busted flush after his puppet master publicly pulled thcar crash interview
No party is any better than another - we should STOP BREXIT and have a MUELLER type inquiry - that SHOULD reveal the infiltration of all parties (inc SNP) coming from America..............
Siri, give me an example of weasel words...
I think there needs to be one. If more MP's had come forward sooner #Brexit potentially might have not got this far. has been allowed to push forward because there has been no one in opposition to stop her. There is no doubt in my mind we have been let down.
Under international law the UK owes, at most, a small fraction of the sums the withdrawal agreement would make us liable to pay. This was confirmed by Dominic Raab as the government’s internal legal advice #ManagedNoDeal
EU leaders approve Brexit deal
Brexit is awesome to see. I love it when ppl wakeup to the truth instead of being a victim for life. Thank you for your post. #MAGAisColorblind #WWG1WGA
Anchovies The Brexit of food Vote now
Are they also preparing for a vassal-Brino. The quisling deal.
#Brexit The lonely #British will regret leaving the #EU very soon! Just watch!
#CharlieFlanagan has been a good friend of UK and is right to be downcast at the dogmatic determination of some in UK to leave EU. Only 7% of people in #Irish Republic wish to emulate that course (lowest %age in EU). There are many in UK who are working to avoid the calamity.
Thats right it isnt and never will be it is a democratic socilaist party i dont agree with everything Corbyn does or says but id agree with many of his policies like many i am remain and have been frustrated and annoyed by brexit and its stance. But i understand why unlike many
I never hide the fact that I don’t fully understand politics, so I’m gonna take my advice from this guy - he seems intelligent enough to know what’s what! #Brexit
You'll be pleased to know Kate campaigned for remain and will be voting against the Brexit deal. Pop by and say hello to us!
Its all a part of the master plan , BREXIT was never going to happen , its all a elaborate show to make it look like the will of the people was being delivered
That’s probably the type of car we’ll be able to afford post Brexit.
It might give the DUP something better to do than Brexit, reduce their interference in the politics of Britain, and further expose their reactionary agenda to people across the Six Counties.
This deal / No deal - what about more time and a people's vote - or am I being naive? From the pan of boiling water comes faint croaking "Can someone please get me out of this?"
Yip...got it in one...his word and that of his party are worth nothing , especially to the Scottish ppl. He should rest now!
English were ruled by French Normans for hundreds of years after 1066 . English became underclass of serfs and English language nearly died . To this day Tories more likely be of French heritage
Mr Corbyn has played the long game; has been spot on so far which is why MSM, BBC, Tories, Blair, anti-Corbyn idiots inside/outside Labour, cannot formulate an objective truthful point to disguise their own personal loathing.
Although not so unrealistic or impossible if we were to remain in the EU ...... perhaps things are changing at the top of Labour. JC knows he cannot win any GE with his current confusing stance on Brexit.
What a very shallow PM plus don't treat me as a half wit thanks .
Garbage! Everyone is so sick of Tory ineptitude on Brexit shambles that a 2nd vote would be Remain. That's what the elites are running scared of.
Brexit’s here, are you listening? Juncker's fake tears, they're still glistening, Let's walk away, and then we won't pay, Walking in a Brexit wonderland.
Anyone who thinks the centre-left needs to “get a handle on immigration” in order to defeat the rise of the far-right clearly hasn’t heard of New Labour.
Stopping Brexit would really p*** Putin off but I’m guessing you’re not advocating that hmmm?
WHY NO "ACCEPT DARTH BREXIT'S GALACTIC TRADE DEAL" OPTION?
UK – Philip Hammond ‘will quit the Cabinet and take five ministers with him if Theresa May tries for a No Deal Brexit’
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May #news #dailynews #breakingnews
The clock's ticking #stopbrexit
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
championing you on #Brexit doesn’t mean you aren’t also undermining free speech for all #Britain. For shame.
Of my school pals, 2 lived and worked for years in Netherlands, 1 has lived and worked in Austria for years, 1 moved to Spain, 1's business depends on trade with Germany, 1 sells lobster to Spain and France and I have worked in France most of my life. Brexit is madness.
Not talking about the biggest threat to Europe right now. Not Brexit but Russia?
Look at this #FBPE cultist twats...
#ES_F tonight all eyes should be on 2626.50 if that level breaks with follow through to the downside we should drop fast towards 2605 2600. Resistance numbers are at 2638 and 2646.50. This week will be influenced by the FED chair speaking and G-20 meeting + Brexit fiasco
There are many upsides to Brexit. The deal is a shambles because a remain PM is looking to hand over everything to the EU with nothing in return
Well said Jacob. It is good to know we stil have politicians with moral values who will stand up for our democratic rights and the sovereignty of our Country. Start a new party and rid us of the subservient and selfish politicians.
UKIP are dead and gone. #brexit isn't happening now unless TM convinces her party and the DUP to back her deal. Interesting times! Have a great week!
one nation conservatism in action
This. It’s why congress should be keeping our president in check instead of worrying about your own career. . Hopefully new congress will do what you failed to do.
But in 2017, Britain elected her to deliver her "brexit means brexit" brexit. It's the will of the people. Surely you aren't suggesting that the electorate didn't know what they voted for! #StopBrexit
On that note....
Uphill battle
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
The dmg is your opinion based on a lot of #ProjectFear BS. Not enough Leave voters have switched to Remain to assure Remain supporting MPs ignoring the referendum result is a good idea: they like power. I normally vote Labour, if #Brexit is stopped I'll vote #UKIP in protest!
Apparently there is a bollocks to brexit bus turning up in Bxl around 13/12.
Better I’m playing black ops 4 proper Brexit game that, like that Ajax’s voice sounds like a top fella
Mind boggling bullshit.
It's also lazy. If the only thing standing between a supposed lack of far-right and a full blown resurgence is tenuously honouring the referendum result, then we are in an extremely bad spot, and maybe politicians should be doing more to heal that political problem than Brexit
The Brexit Withdrawal Agreement: Taking back “control of our laws”? – Public Law for Everyone
British people #Shafted again. Maybe time for a #RealRevolution! #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #QAnon #WWG1WGA
U.K., EU hammer out Brexit divorce deal, but tough sell to Parliament looms
As to why "Mr. Brexit" won't answer your questions...I believe this issue has been previously addressed. Ad nauseam.
Nice one. It might look nice, but don’t poke it with your finger. It still stinks like she and Cameron have had a torrid night. Don’t visualise this, it will make you ill.
Wouldn't argue with that, the EU needs reforming, but 'Another Europe is possible'. May's Brexit appeal seems solely based on ending free movement, sadly Labour's leadership seems silent on this issue, allowing xenophobes too much space.
This from July...blame the voters
sooner the better
Sturgeon Moans about brexit for "ruining trade" but doesn't seem to realise that scotland trades like 2x the amount with the rest of the uk than with the EU
Like Brexit...
'What's on the table is the only deal', says Varadkar, The EUs boy threatening the English again, via
Thing about Brexit.. Everybody has an angle on the problems but when it comes to solutions the silence is overwhelming.. Ok maybe 150 meetings will break up in discord but the next one.. Won’t know if you don’t try.. Way I’ve always lived my life. Don’t tell me what you can’t do.
Neither will this 48 year old or most of Scotland...
Now is not the time for faint hearts or political expedienccy #OFOC #BrexitIsDead Clarke: ‘It’s a dog’s breakfast ... but I’ll back it’
What Brexit Deal? May’s? It isn’t a Brexit deal
Great news - needs to walk the plank as do the others who have dreamed up this terrible deal - Good riddance
It's like Brexit. No one knows what we're signing up for.
The documents could also reveal whether Facebook committed crimes. Please, Parliament: Hurry.
Yer da's stockpiling dildos in the event of a no deal Brexit
Still pushing Project Fear these lads
the theoretical right to conclude trade agreements will be of no practical use if those trade agreements cannot extend to doing deals on tariffs with prospective trading partners. #ManagedNoDeal
The point you are all missing is, all social media-brexit-UN etc..they will all burn to further globalisation. They are all tools of distraction. Wake up
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
So now we have a Withdrawal Agreement and Political Declaration, what next? The "Meaningful Vote", scheduled for 11 December. #Brexit 1/10
This is a must read, why aren’t the BBC/ITV paying more attention to this story??!!!!!
BBC News - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Problem with #UKLabour . It has always offered a home to extremism. It should not be surprising that it is now undemocratic, bigoted, anti British and anti semitic. What on earth are people with a shred of decency still doing as members of this party? Discuss...
Michael making a fool of himself.
if the EU is anything like a phone company, after we've left, they'll be sending us emails offering us free evening and weekend Eurostar journeys if we come back to them. #Brexit
Excellent piece of investigative journalism by
Insane Sunday afternoon news avalanche : #SanYsidro border closed, #Ukraine navy hit by #Russia, #Brexit, #blizzard, #CampFire, #CyberMonday -shoutout to and for keeping the ball bouncing! #news #journalism #NPR
Switzerland LOSES referendum to protect SOVEREIGNTY opening nation up to MORE EU rules and do there BIDDING.#Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexiteers #TheresaMay #politics #PoliticsLive #news #today #Goverment #Tories #Cabinet #BrexitAgreement #BrexitChaos
Encapsulates my thoughts, emotions and frustrations exactly. What a boneheaded shit pond of an idea Brexit has turned out. Desperate. Sad. Fuckin stupid. 54% of people voted for the Iraq war but no-one admits to it now, they just blame the MP’s. Ditto Brexit. It’s all your fault.
Good evening for documentaries. The sublime #Dynasty with David Attenborough on , and now are showing a post-brexit documentary #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Roy did mention #brexit en passant re #lexi., But even he knows something else is afoot. Still have my money on a pre-factory sprouting. #thearchers
Do these people not have jobs or even lives? these people really cant take losing :(
I just don't see how we get a 2nd Ref, as much as I'd like to see Brexit averted. And I don't see how Parliament can come up with anything besides May's deal or 'No Deal'.
EU is not holding anyone to random, it's ensuring a leaving member is not going to able play by the EU rules it likes and ignore ignored the ones it doesn't. The brexit leaders were told this before the vote, but ignored this advice. And that getting a deal was going to be easy.
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
The #EuropeanUnion has no plan to address a possible rejection of Sunday's #Brexit deal in the #British parliament other than its current planning for #Britain leaving without a deal, a senior EU official said. #MNA
You're confusing Labour's Brexit position with the Labour LEADERSHIP'S Brexit position! Labour's official Brexit position is to vote down any Brexit deal which fails Starmer's 6 tests, &amp; to call for a General Election. And if that fails, a #PeoplesVote with a Remain option. :-)
The attempts to overturn the result of the 23 June 2016 vote began on 24 June 2016. The rhetoric used adapts to circumstances, but all sorts of things have been tried: legal challenges, demands for a re-run, threatening CS with "an inquiry" (
She's counting on Brexit fatigue.
Brexit: A tale of three cities that will decide Wales’ place in Europe –
Labour say they want a less economically damaging Brexit, but no free movement. Which are incompatible aims. Their actual preferred outcome is 1) win GE, 2) make superficial changes to Brexit deal, 3) declare victory, 4) build socialism in one country.
She said it there, she is more interested in those that voted remain though. So the minority win again. Wake me up when we have a true Conservative Party. I would imagine Corbyn is wetting himself over this, or his colostomy bag has broken.
Yes, you’re right Greens also fighting Brexit however, what did you achieve by pointing that out? Do you want to get a #PeoplesVote at any cost or do you want it only if Greens can bring it, because personally I would have left it alone seeing as an anti Brexit party win is a win
And where does the UK import its chemicals from Brexit boy. Taiwan? Uganda? No, from the European continent. Because - and i know like Raab this is a bit tricky for you to understand - we're an *island* off the coast of *Europe*.
Brexit deal is a depressing masterpiece of political theatre via
Are you blaming your wearing of ludicrous white trainers on a midlife crisis? Are you demonstrably mentally ill in so many other ways? Do you need to seek professional help with a mental health issue related to Brexit? 0345606097
Need a #WebDesigner or #WebDeveloper? Need To #debug and #fix #bugs, #errors in your #website? To get all the bug fixing related service please visit: #Conmebol #Christmas #DwightHoward #Brexit #BlackFriday #blackfriday #giletsjaunes #Paris #Saint_sup
If You'd Just Let Me Finish ... by – digested read #Brexit
They voted without a plan in place. Now that there is one, most voters don't want the consequences of exiting. Brexit was all things to all people without specificity.
Read between the lines people
Disappointed with the stance on the Brexit deal. There is no better deal and there is no remaining in the EU. It is no good to just say "no" to every option on the table. I hope will be voting for this deal in Parliament
Yep. Nows the time little old Britain needs to go it alone. #Brexit
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out
So important to stress that this is not the government - especially for our American friends - but Parliament which is the sovereign power in the UK (yes, albeit on behalf of the Queen) and is a separate entity #Facebook #Brexit
Absolutely
All you unhappy Conservatives need to shout your opposition to May and her deal to the rooftops. She is betraying Brexit, betraying Britain, betraying Ulster, and now show is betraying Gibraltar. She is also betraying the party and the loyalty you have shown it over the years.
3/ Have not yet read Tim Shipman ( ) All Out War: The Full Story of How Brexit Sank Britain’s Political Class. Think he also suggests this. Can't find the quote so I may be wrong.
I believe it, but they need to be more visible. Difficult I know with the right wing press not reporting anything.
Interessanter Aspekt zum Thema #Brexit: Who becomes the U.S.'s best friend in Europe after Britain leaves the E.U.?
Such an on point thread. I worked with asylum seekers under New Labour - the hostile environment was alive and well long before May became Home Sec. Centrist pandering to the right doesn't neutralise, but enables them.
It’s not done it STARTS on March 29th. Then we have transition and new trade deals, and replacing EU agencies. Brexit is going to take years &amp; years &amp; years.
putin is having o good day tho
Oh yes! No effect on him with Brexit though whatever the trade deal. They export, not import and EU customers still want to trade with them regardless
Analysis: Macron’s blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
“Brexit for Dummies” 1. Brexit means Brexit 2. No Deal is better than a bad deal 3. A Bad deal is the best deal 4. A bad deal or NO Brexit 5. This bad deal is the ONLY OPTION Bullish!t for the masses
No we need to ditch brexit. Brexit will fix none of the UKs problems. Stop lying to the British people they deserve better. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
May I have a word about… the #Brexit word
The European Empire would no doubt have done the same and tried to crush the rebel alliance. #Brexit
They don't want BREXIT...at all.She's starting to sound deluded
fair point
Paid propagandist exhibits his handler's utter ignorance of UK #democracy. This guy was a busted flush after his puppet master publicly pulled a car crash interview, during the interview. Shameless but it's a gig
The reports from Brussels are depressing. Whatever UK people voted for regarding #Brexit in 2016 - remain or leave - the situation now is dire. No one is happy but who can guarantee anything better than the PM’s deal? #Brexitshambles
You need to understand US stocks ($40 trillion) were pumped up by WallStFreeloaders 5x, 10x, 100x and even 1000x more than houses. #WallStShakeDown
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
"We ... look forward to ensuring this [the #environmental commitments] is delivered upon in the coming negotiations for the sake of the economy, communities and the #environment on the island of Ireland." #Brexit
Theresa May will tour "the nation" to gather support for her Brexit deal. Details of exact locations have not yet been released, but we understand she will make the following stops: Monday - a farmstead in the South West:
So you’ve seen politicians &amp; MSM operate over last 3 years on Brexit May just about to present deal to Parliament, if it fails maybe a 2nd ref or election ,Labour would ultimately remain Why do you think Macron ,who wants UK in EU, chooses to make this statement? Naive?
Brexit deal signed: now brace for an almighty flap with Brussels over fishing
It’s shocking - frankly, the failure is highly suggestive of, at least, the deliberate toleration of criminality if not direct involvement by high ranking politicians and their financial backers. Why else would the matter not be the subject of urgent investigation &amp; prosecution?
Britain needs its own Robert Mueller to look into Russian interference
Introducing the Foundation Party ..
Brexit comes with free polarisation.
Don’t count on it. Like May what they say and what they do is not certain in this sham.
Translation: This is a rubbish brexit, vote labour for a brexit we promise you'll like better. But if we can't do our brexit then maybe, maybe we'll just not bother, we aren't really sure, because no one has the spine to stand up to racist grandad
New post (The Wall Street Journal: U.K., EU hammer out Brexit divorce deal, but tough sell to Parliament looms) has been published on World News Time -
Yes we can take back control of our water from the french, and our electricity and waste collection
Do we really now have to be subjected to every government department functioning as an arm of the Brexit propaganda machine?
I feel more angered by the half truths and soundbite bigotry of the Leave campaign than I do the action/inaction of the opposition. I *am* however frustrated with labour infighting over #brexit &amp; antisemitism accusations, which if I'm honest shouldn't even be a thing.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
So how come Morning Star and Socialist Worker voted Brexit along with me?
Nero had his fiddle, Trump has his golf.
Traitor to democracy or servant of democracy ? Tuff one shame the so called free press don't chelleng you on this but then it's also in cohorts with the wealthy elites to secure there control again after the #peoplesvote on #Brexit
Brexit pull through!!
Won't be that surprised if Trump is behind this US firm. #binbrexit #Remain
Hi . My friend, a long-term Brussels resident, saw Theresa May at her church on Sunday - while the EU-27 were busy signing the withdrawal agreement. Theresa May remembered her from university. Spoke to her about #Brexit.
Yep. Carrion eaters, which is most corvids, don't waste anything. Anyone in England will understand this perfectly after Brexit.
I think this is meant to refer to Mrs. May's paper aka the Brexit deal. Guess we migght get a red dragon ...
Remoaners are telling us that the UK will starve post #Brexit, fuck it we'll eat our own fish allez-vous faire enculer Mr Macron.
A tragic proof of so called Sovereignty eh? Of course some of us knew we had it in the EU. Sadly some can’t see that we have surrendered to Putin and his lackey Trump.
Remainers must reject everything that has a smidgen of Brexit hidden in it.Brexit was thought up by rich men to fill the wallets of rich men.Pity they managed to convinced so many with so much to lose, that the rich man’s plan had any benefit to the ordinary man.
Gov't buying up pro withdrawal agreement / brexit advertising on google
"Could there be a second Brexit vote?"
Makes it A LOT easier with great anchors like Louise :)
Excellent piece by Julia Lopez, a must read. Since then the French position on fisheries also needs to be taken into account.
Remain Prime Minister Majority Remain cabinet Comprehensively Remain civil service. They had no intention of implementing the Brexit we voted for. If Brexiteers had got us here, your criticism would be appropriate. But Remainers got us here, and shafted all of us,
Again, write to your MP! Tell them how upset you are that your children are being denied the freedom of the EU, and all so we can be poorer. MPs need your support, backing and push to demand a . Your MPs name/address at
And Scotland wants out of this #Brexshit madness
I am sad tbh
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
#Brexit - “This deal cripples our ability to negotiate any further with the EU. No wonder they like it in Brussels. It will be up to the EU to decide when and whether we are fit to leave the customs union and the regulatory control of the EU”
The latest Enterprise Social Media! #brexit #migrants
Thankfully politicians are starting to wise up. With this deal we are neither in or out. Would you welcome a People’s Vote if Leave with no deal was on the ballot paper? Or perhaps you are one if the few that loves arms. May’s version of Brexit
#consequences - gathering pace
Screw the Brexit deal !
Holy shit. I want pancakes.
"EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit"
You can't govern on the basis of appeasing the far right because you are scared of them. You have to do right by and for the majority (who now don't want Brexit). And if the far right doesn't like it, we will stand up and put them back in their box.
‘A miserable failure of negotiation’: Jeremy Corbyn blasts Theresa May’s Brexit deal
See this. This is even BEFORE bloody Brexit. Posts 'worldwide' but of course we're so remote the vendor DOESN'T POST TO SCOTTISH HIGHLANDS. I expect missionaries will arrive soon to see if they can trade us beads and mirrors for some of our unicorns.
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal - NO Mrs May, you are being deliberately idiotic, the best deal is the one we already have as a full EU member, stop lying.
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit
#Brexit deal sealed in Brussels: believe it or not, that was the easy bit. - is right. via #EU #Britain
The #Wall Street Journal: U.K., EU hammer out Brexit divorce deal, but tough sell to Parliament looms #marketwatch #finance #news
Sadly, she's worse than patronising. Her actions of personally carrying out the negotiations and shutting the entire Cabinet, including the BREXIT office, out of any discussion speaks of serious mental issues. She needs to go, as much for her own wellbeing as for the country.
Think I just turned pro-Brexit
Peoples Vote, result 65% stay, 35% leave ??
This, on the day that Britain moved further towards leaving the European Union and its potential united international action. #Brexit
With a submissive UK populous and Brexit going as expected I wonder once in while if all the criticism you hear from the UK about “US gun culture” gives them pause for thought.
As MSM try to whitewash May’s ‘deal’ and make Corbyn responsible, remember how we got here | The SKWAWKBOX - #brexit #brexitshamles #brexitdeal #BrexitBetrayal #politicslive #PeoplesVote
Yes, she's achieved the 'best Brexit' available. And that's precisely where the true debate begins ....
...Presumably in the same way the Irish economy and the border issue were key considerations for those who voted for the #brexit shambles. This is a UK issue, trying to allocate blame elsewhere is farcical and absurd #Ireland #EU
Is there anybody out there who thinks that the Brexit deal will be passed by Parliament? Is there even a sniff of a chance?
Featured design - Brexit Not in my name 59mm size choose badge or magnet
So NO Dr voted for Brexit then?
A Brexit Compromise Nobody Likes: What Could Be More English? - The New York Times
Patrick Blower on #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave – political cartoon gallery in London
Like you know anything about asylum! Shove off Brexit-hole!
For people suffering under austerity Corbyn is the answer, not the EU | Holly Rigby
Sinn Fein MPs fulfill a valuable role by denying Unionists representation in the HofC. Ms. Anderson’s expression of their position is clear, principled, and unambiguous.
It was truly grotesque in the flesh. I saw it on the Manchester March. As grotesque as Brexit
As unsolicited mail goes, I've had better pizza flyers from places with a one star hygeine rating. #brexit
Russia has chosen to do this right as UK busy w/Brexit, US dealing w/migrants at southern border &amp; fall out w/MBS &amp; Saudi Arabia, Macron dealing w/calls to step down &amp; marches abt fuel prices, Syria gassing Allepo again. Does Putin think he won’t get pushback from Cheeto??
Remain and a huge spending programme on ‘left behind communities’ would leave the majority of people happy. Brexit is a Pandora’s box that won’t end well for the UK.
Because no plan will satisfy Brexit morons.
You will if there's a Brexit.
I hate to say I agree with Diane Abbott but in this case she is right.
"Under an hour" Barely time to pour a lime juice and eat a mint imperial in the conference suite. That's how good a deal it is. We're fucked. Dryly. EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit -
the Brexit vote enabled them ffs Corbyn is being democratic
No it doesn't. Tory Liar
Blame game Blame remain. Don't blame May She saves the day Heart and soul We'll take the toll Uk diminished Democracy finished. No vote for you Only sadness EU #Brexit #peoplesvote
That is a pro-remain. pro EU paper telling you that Macron wants 'ever closer union' via his own words. He is a eurocrat. Which is why he may bring the Le Pen disaster upon France. We are not living in safe and stable times.
Stay in the EU
If #Labour had almost any other leader than and in the back ground they would probably be leading the country and doing a damn site better job than the current imbeciles.
otherwise known as The Journey of the U.K. into Oblivion!
This is What Vince Did! Labour party clocked off early for Christmas 2017. Last night our effort to enshrine in law a vote on the final Brexit deal was defeated by the Conservatives after Labour failed to show up. Labour snub the
Fucking quality #Brexit
The country did not overwhelmingly vote for Brexit as you well know. is right we should be sad for the children of this country #remain
For the future not only of the UK and the EU, but also for stable transatlantic relations, we should keep all our fingers and toes crossed that reason will prevail when that Brexit package is put to a vote by Westminster’s parliamentarians.
Says it all - let's just get out
They would but Parliament won't leave on a no deal. It is what they have set up to destroy Brexit. The idea Parliament would vote down this deal in order to leave with no deal is ludicrous. They don't want Brexit.
Parliament cannot simply ‘block No Deal’ as some are claiming – it’s the default option: The… #Brexit #Politics
The latest Mutuelles Info! #giletsjaunes #brexit
Brexit is a mess entirely of the Tories' making : they initiated it hoping to quieten their internal divisions, they have single-handedly conducted the inept negotiations, they remain as riven as ever they were on the issue. Yet you try to blame Corbyn.
250617 “It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen”. Orwell. #ToryAnalytica #TickTockTroops...
Well TM always mantained that Brexit meant Brexit. Now that the shit has hit the fan we know for sure that Brexshit really means Brexshit..
Is #Brexit real? you better believe it: #DOTHETHERESA
Watching celebrity jungle crap to nurture my escapism. Me: "I could never do this, I'm literally terrified of everything!" Husband: "Would you do it for me?" Me: "No." Husband: "Would you do it if it stopped Brexit?" Me: uhhhh
I'm no conspiracy theorist, but with whats going on with Brexit I cant help but wonder if behind the scenes there are things we are not privy to.
European Union OKs Brexit; now it’s up to Britain
I'd vote for political chaos every day of the week
People favour higher taxes, increased public spending and some re-nationalisation. They don’t want a Singapore-on-Thames.
You are guessing, unless you care to backup the #ProjectFear BS with facts? 30.5% of our economy is exports, about 13% of our economy is due to exports to the EU. With a no deal #Brexit the amount of trade is likely to decline a little, but we will still need to trade.
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms - The New York Times
Richard. Brexit is dead in the water. Labour Party members want a #PeoplesVote Stop wasting everybody's time son. Stop this stupidity &amp; do what the members are telling you to do ok?
Now the DUP are on the Norway style brexit aye.
#Brexit has little to do with EU Commission, it's associated bureaucrats , politicians or their complacency and all to do with the fact that the English are not team players and never were. #Brexit has been on the cards since the moment they joined up.
Tory mouth pieces given Free reign and unfettered licence to spread Tory propaganda. by #BBC
UK should mind their own business. Dont they have enough to worry about with sorting Brexit
Downing Street is trying to muddy the waters in their attempts to refute all the analysis that condemns their horrendous deal. Trouble is, there responses are mostly spin or pure lies.
I began to put two and together yesterday
when you spoke In Brussels today you sneeringly said we had grown tired of #Brexit. I can assure you I will never grow tired of fighting for the democracy this Country and future generations deserve. You are obviously not up to the job and I call on you to #Resign 1/
How stupid does she think we are? Utter desperation by the delusional one. People’s vote needed.
direct references from UK courts in N Ireland (including from the UK Supreme Court when dealing with a NI appeal) to the ECJ will also continue indefinitely, placing the citizens of NI under a foreign court as well as under foreign laws. #ManagedNoDeal
It’s taken 4 years to notice but better late than never...
EU is blackmailing the UK. They hold all of UK's power, are not returning it without punishing? Why should EU be so vicious over Brexit?
Indy ref was soooo 4 years ago. Since then we've had a vote passed by a majority of MSPs in Scottish Parliament after an Election off of the back of a Manifesto that stated we'd have another ref if Brexit caused us to leave EU against our will. Keep up,
Is that the new Brexit secretary
The proble isnt #Brexit. The problem is you &amp; your Remain cabal
putting the con into Brexit
No Brexit obviously Duh!!
Yes, a bleak, terrible day. Complete failure of leadership. Please, let there be a #peoplesvote to stop this madness. We will be worse off in every way if we #BackTheBrexitDeal.
“With at least another year of Brexit trade negotiations awaiting, the digital economy in Europe’s startup capital is moving ahead, growing twice as fast as the wider economy and boasting a yearly output of $138 billion” #ImediaP #London #Tech
Mad Max Brexit, please.
She talks out her backside
#survey #answer dont know when their #passport runs out and dont know what happens to it when #brexit happens
Protester sets the #Brexit deal on fire with a blowtorch in Brussels.
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
No Deal = Brexit wait and watch Dan
Have to hand it to Theresa May - she's managed to unite the country finally. Shame it's against her &amp; her Brexit Deal. Don't #BackTheBrexitDeal #SacktheBrexitDeal #LetsNotLeave
And the lies continue. I hope Cameron, who ran scared, &amp; May &amp; her government rot in hell for their treachery.
Something good to end this #Brexit day #Fohlenelf
That’s a bit horrifying.
"Don't believe her lies" :O
Which is logical enough, as far as it goes. But it won't be a substantially better Brexit deal than May has negotiated, viz. customs union and limited SM access, but nowhere near full benefits of SM membership.
Herald on Sunday What a load of #Tunnocks
If the political commentators had been less corrupt then it would not have played out as it has. Millions now struggle because so many of these people have failed totally in their chosen profession. They have failed us all.
Cancel “Brexit”.
Loe threatening the English people again and again, God help us in Ireland
Recently some #bridges in #London were blocked in support of an #Extinction event. Will there be similar civil unrest post-Brexit? It has been suggested that #PoliceCrimeCommissioners have been "gagged" from referring to plans to address such unrest.
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen #SocialistSunday
As you can see from the legal advice we will be far from a Sovereign Nation with this deal. As your departed colleagues have said this deal will result in the UK becoming a #VassalState . This deal gives greater control to foreign nations #PeoplesVote
Well I hope you can all see Femi and his little playmates having fun destroying the Brexit Draft Agreement. Something we all might like to do but wouldn’t because it’s juvenile,do hope the cops get him for littering though. Must contact them I think.
When May called her GE under anyone but Jeremy C she'd have got the majority she wanted to ram her Brexit through. Anything else is wishful thinking and all other options were as bad in 2017 as they were in 2015, when by the way, Labour lost voters.
Yes everybody seems to avoid the Remain option, why? It has been partly built by the UK. Politicians need to wake up and consult the people far more to achieve what is needed and what is acceptable.
He’s playing the ‘Brexit long game’ pal, be told
For a massive decision, and all the facts and reality now on the table that very narrow win could be reversed by a larger majority. But if you believe the decision was right, you should welcome another vote so the brexit mandate increases.
A dearanged fool in the White House, Europe in turmoil &amp; crisis over Brirish Brexit and Ukraine is all mine, and you couldn't see it happening.
Yes, my chances of getting through a shitty shitty day so far in my life are 100%. But saying that I got through doesn’t take away the shit.
Yet you still support the Prime Minister? Absolute hypocrite! Hope the party I once supported is dealt a swift but deadly political blow, for which it can’t possibly recover from. It deserves nothing less for their #brexit betrayal.
#MayBot No MP in their right mind can approve of this deal UK will be left isolated and helpless .. not in nor completely out .. rule taker with no say in them Avg trade deal takes 7yrs .. so backstop wil kick in and once in, never be able to leave
The truth about no deal in Brexit.
There is no left-wing case for Brexit: 21st century socialism requires transnational organization | British Politics and Policy at LSE
"Brexit means more trade restrictions" isn't a message I wanted to hear.
If we go no deal Brexit, then take our fishing waters back, then the French Fishermen will be using Macron as bait
I see. So you feel something from Feb 2017 (fully explained in my tweet), after delaying it for maximum time possible, winning major Govt concessions &amp; the Tory Minister guarantees that formed the 6 Tetss, all of which will DEFEAT Brexit, is more important than subsequent proof?
What ?! This is the quality of our politicians right now! Just after today's brexit summit, PM of Poland promote GB to be a connector between US and Europe! Why ?! Why he didn't even think about chances, that Poland may have? ... what this kind of mentality has been called?
Your old partner Tony said it right on Marr. Its a pointless Brexit. In his 10 years as PM, his government did only good for this country. I am in full belief of that. Politics is lacking a loud middle voice that bridges the centre. Actually the LDs now shout what Labour should
Brexit started with lies, and it's ending with lies.
The hardcore Remainers who are determined to thwart Brexit – a democratic decision taken by over 33 million people after a six-month campaign and which resulted in a clear decision and the biggest electoral mandate in our history – seem to believe...
Northern Ireland’s other unionists
One month before Xmas: Syrian Rebels accused of chemical attack Russia - Ukraine - Navy collusion America fires tear gas into Mexico UK and EU sign Brexit withdrawal agreement so Theresa May can instigate her dislike for foreigners 73 years of world peace may struggle to see 74.
I blame ongoing Brexit negotiations myself....
This is not going to go well. Trump will pretend it isn’t happening, Brits are tied in knots over Brexit.
Do you think this betrayal is not a disaster? Are you mad?
We need a #BREXIT outcome that does not put any trade barriers between independent Scotland and rUK.
The tide is turning...
Yes please! #StopBrexit
Easy-to-understand #brexit timeline in today’s Observer. Should be a rollercoaster...
No it's not. Plenty of Tories have voted remain. But the whole business of Brexit is so divisive I prefer not to say how I voted. One thing I will say is I wish there had never been a referendum at all. We are supposed to be a representative democracy &amp; MPs should do their job
1. Watch brexit outfall in UK. Will soon be poorer than the philippines.. 2. England will soon need UN world aid in food. Rest of UK will have left the sinking ship.. 3. Go visit some other nation in EU, than English speaking one's America.
The Brexit vote was UK wide, Mr Blackford. Scotland, England, Wales and Northern Ireland are not, as you’re aware, separate sovereign states so while a majority of voters resident in Scotland voted to remain, including me, Scotland did not.
The pig ignorance of this piece, about Ireland, about the UK and about brexit is what has you clowns where you are. Good riddance to bad rubbish. And if we end up with a united Ireland, you fools will have engineered it. Just like your stupidity did for British rule in 1916.
Looks British to me. &amp; if we're arguing it's an Irish soldier than clearly it would have been a British uniform. Which is how it will be understood anyway. Given Brexit tensions, I feel a less contentious commemoration is preferable &amp; why create problems? Peace symbol not soldier
The EU are just pissing themselves all the way to the bank. May's #Brexit
I'm startin' to think that we're in Deep Shit. #Resistance
I reckon the reason Mrs. May keeps repeating that she will deliver on the result of the decision of the British people is so that she has someone to blame when it all goes tits up. #Brexit
Wales wanted Brexit. Unfortunately, they gotta suck it up.
I remember Scrapheap Challenge! Always thought this so quaintly British: make do and mend. Will come in handy soon. Also thought: will he &amp; second family meet the post-Brexit French residency requirements?
Because Blair has the most incisive, sensible and articulate analysis of the current situation. And he was our best PM!
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
You've been sold out bro. is a snake and weak. That being said I've said from day 1 Brexit will not actually happen so lets see.... Not sure why some people dont want a 2nd vote its v.strange
Judging by this attempt at blowtorching a stack of papers, let's hope the UK doesn't get invaded.
EU leaders urge Britons to back May’s Brexit deal, say it’s the best they will get
Latest poll info you need to read and it proves the British people don't want Brexit:
Pushing the U.K. up against the wall.
I would love to see the number of new eligible voters. I strongly believe that the absence of a vote on the deal put on the table could be criminal. The government could be up against a group of thousands of newly eligible voters demanding their chance to have vote on #BREXIT
Anyone believing a no deal who Brexit is good is a damn idiot.
May’s deal does not deliver Brexit and no amount of disguising this in legalese will con the people
And this from the founder of the so called Foundation party. What a complete load of bollox!!!!!
That sure will be a huge turn off for leave voters, especially the headline, don’t offend your allies who you need to switch to remain if there is a people’s vote. Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
Whats your view on this legal advice?
Before #EU Referendum I said they made #Brexit just to kill the #refugees crisis. Now I believe #Brexit was just a trilion quid business. Hedge fund managers might be happy but we aren’t.
Best solution is a Labour government after a General Election. A Labour negotiated Brexit and most of the Tory cabinet jailed for corruption and crimes against the poor, vulnerable, disabled and homeless.
Theresa May to revive Canada+++ #Brexit deal if MPs vote down her appalling plan
Ben's argument is that they might for non-economic reasons. After all Brexit is driven by non-economic concerns.
They are not, the ERG are gambling on the brexit vote being defeated then the no confidence letters will go in, then hard brexit the Atlantic bridge that started in 1990 will have their way, their only sticking point is they cannot a GE, JC scares them
This Brexit debacle feels eerily similar to the nonsensical start to WW 1. Nobody wanted it to happen, but it did anyway because no one took steps to stop it. Ridiculous.
Theses one good reason why middle England ISN’T ready for Corbyn and that’s because of his stance on brexit and refusal to back a People’s Vote
Analysis: Macron’s blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Analysis: Macron’s blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Nobody knows what will happen BUT the responsibility rests on the shoulders of the men initiating the referendum. Many have left the spotlight - among them Farage &amp; Boris Johnson. Nesting on their cushy pensions &amp; privileges, they are leaving a seriously wounded UK in their wake.
Key take: it’s 18 November. Exactly three years from when Arron Banks and Andy Wigmore launched campaign. From when they walked in the door of the Russian embassy and discussed gold and diamond deals. I’m a journalist. Who’s been trying to ask questions.
For the day that's in it: some graffiti I saw on holiday in Tallinn last year. Locals quote Hermann Hesse's mystial novel Siddartha while British stag weekenders scrawl over it with sweary pro-#Brexit slogans. Some things you just can't make up.
I want the letter posted to me via Royal Mail, thanks hun x
I hoped they would - but always doubted it with a Remainer in charge. Who else would have delivered the Brexit that was won? Not Labour surely.
brexit? there goes my chance of seeing AFI in the UK. sobs. deeply sobs. mourns even. fuck the world. fuck politics. i just want to see my favorite band.
Bonuses are good. Clean Brexit is better
What happens post Brexit or will that take a millennium before we can judge
Yes. People also voted for Trump and Brexit. Populism is not always radical or wise.
Hi Selina, many of my friends voted Leave because of the animal welfare points you raised during the debate. Looks like Brexit has betrayed our animal friends, as well as the rest of us!!!
REMAIN is the only truthful option
Brexit deal explained: backstops, trade and citizens' rights
Ireland started cracking down on that a number of years back, even for people Who were Born in Ireland and moved to the States and wanted to move back. Maybe Brexit has changed that, but it won't be done w/out resistance-imho
Awesome! We have our first unhinged volunteer to go die on the Russian Front! Go for the glory of the EU empire, comrade!
Keep an eye on this guy's
You Brexit chaps are always banging on about treason. Clearly the PM has not plotted to murder the Queen, supported our enemies etc. The truth is that the EU always held all the cards.
Remember what was agreed at Conference in September 2018: If Parliament votes down Tory Brexit deal OR there is no deal, we need a general election. If we cannot get a general election then all options remain on the table, including a public vote.
A must-read thread
Not just a referendum about cows. Read on to see how the Swiss voted on ‘independence’ from international regulation. Hint: Not very #Brexit.
Hard Brexit is the only solution
LOOK OUT BEHIND YOU MRS MAY! Has anyone spotted that the scheduling of Brexit negotiations puts us right at the start of the pantomime season? Oh yes it does. I’m sure could have some fun with that. #BrexitDeal #NoDeal #BrexitShambles It's a laugh a minute!
Reminds me of the pools panel verdict back in the day. Dividend forecast very low.
#TraitorSajid read Martin Howe’s QC assessment then have the courage to apologise to the Nation for this utter betrayal.
Brexit is not part of the old course which finishes at end of 20th C.
Any mention of an Opposition asleep at the wheel OR actively aiding Brexit?
You lost me at “free movement will come to an end” #BackwardBrexitDeal
I thought no deal was project fear? Or closing of workplaces? Or the pound going weaker? You can see the shift because 'will of the people' has been replaced with 'believe in brexit'.
Fab.....and when he grows up, he'll learn just how well his Dad brought the news of this process to the world.
This is the response I have to 90% of the news lately ... Staunch Brexit remainer, survivor of abuse, hard working event planner, adopted daughter, too much to tell ... My avatar/banner artwork were created by the hugely talented !
BREXIT: EU endorses separation deal with UK, warns there's no better offer #Brexit
European Union OKs Brexit; now it’s up to Britain – CBS News 8 – San Diego, CA News Station
What's this now, the BBC starting to do their job on #Brexit? Not just reporting what politicians say but pointing out the inconsistencies, evasions and half-truths in their statements. Good to see but three years too late.
EU finally seals Brexit deal; urges Britons to back PM May
A no deal Brexit in my opinion is what the hard core wanted all along heaven help us.
hillary clinton literally out here suggesting appeasement as a response to european fascism huh? sounds good
Strong ??? Deluded and full of lies. You do know about the fraud during the 2016 referendum, right? You do know that in any case disregarding the fraud the people have changed their minds and want to remain (56%) right?
Useless
. should do the following: 1) Vote down the Withdrawal Agreement 2) Drop the idea of a permanent Customs Union 3) Ferociously attack the Tories for failing on Brexit 4) Commit to leaving the EU and the negotiate a Canada style deal Do that and we'll win the next GE!
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms - The New York Times
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
EU endorses Brexit divorce deal but hard work lies ahead.
Hi guys, You need to remember the Tory party was in power at the time of the vote half their grantdees Johnson, Gove etc campaigned for brexit as did the right wing press. Ludicrous to blame Jeremy Corbyn for this Tory driven fiasco.
THIS IS NOT BREXIT. Why can you not be truthful for once in your life?
You’re wasting your time Steve, these Corbyn baiters do so to cover their embarrassment at electing the Tories and being responsible for this Dog’s Breakfast of a Brexit
Like I said. People traded off the fact that the party they chose to vote for supported Brexit with something else. They then can't be surprised when the winner of the election doesn't support Brexit, after they said all along that they wouldn't support Brexit. Can they?
well why wouldn't they? they've got their puppet in the Whitehouse &amp; Europe is too busy dealing with the fallout from the #Brexit campaign they funded &amp; pushed for. who's gonna stop them? everything's coming up Putin
EU leaders approve Brexit deal, political declaration [Kurdiu]
Thwart Brexit ? That's really, really not a good idea . #OliverCromwell 21st Century New Model Army will march again
I am exhausted, and a little depressed by brexit. But never bored. It will be stopped, or I'll die trying to stop it. Never give in, never surrender.
The problem isn’t #Brexit. The problem is May &amp; the Remain cabal supporting her atrocious deal
Need a #WebDesigner or #WebDeveloper? Need To #debug and #fix #bugs, #errors in your #website? To get all the bug fixing related service please visit: #Victoria #Russian #RiverPlate #iKON #Ukraine #pakistan #Everton #NESTIVAL2018 #Victory #Brexit #brexit
Could you possibly arrange a scissor lift for ? #NiceVT
Whilst There's a puppet president in the whitehouse, the Catalans are acting up and Brexit dominates Western Europe it's safe to say Crimea is well down the list. Putin and the ruskies have played a blinder. You have to admire them for it.
Great podcast about information warfare affecting our lives in Britain &amp; U.S. - covert causes of Brexit/Trump
Brexit is about taking back control from the Westminster bubble not Brussels it's about mskung our servants , servant again accountable to us putting you lot in your place and you continually try to demean us and our attempts of forcing accountability on you lot #brexit
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out via
Piss off ya cnuts! You know who we are!!? Knob head! We'll be perfectly fine! You're dragging us down! HARD BREXIT AND TIGHTEN BELT FOR FEW YEARS! our grandparents did it after we liberated Europe! I'd rather eat shit than stay under lil Hitler's rule!
Two cheers for the Swiss. In a time of Brexit, Trumpism and other variants of xenophobic nationalism, they decided to vote for the primacy of international law over a narrow understanding of national sovereignty.
State of this .. um David Cameron um Mrs Mays Election to get THAT mandate cough cough . Fixed term Parliament Act cough cough . But no look over there at that bloke . These people supposed to be intellectuals geez
The Remainers only get Brexit - to an extent even larger than Leavers hoped, or expected.
&gt;letting an anti-brexit politician handle the brexit negotiations
Also, it depends on lying to the electorate about being able to get a much better Brexit deal than May's version. Morality aside, that will have consequences down the road.
In sadness, EU leaders approve Brexit deal
"Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives. I think we are being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I'm liable to be put away as insane for expressing that. That's what's insane about it" Lennon #Brexit #LeMonde #NYTimes #Mexico
Not true. The electorate voted for a Brexit without understanding the complexity or implications of it. So they voted for whatever Brexit we get. Anyone who says they did, is a liar.
Everything you need to know about Theresa May’s Brexit deal but were too bored and disinterested to bother asking ha ha.
Corbynazi? What Sir Dec 2017 our effort to enshrine in law a vote on the final Brexit deal was defeated by the Conservatives after Labour failed to show up. Labour snub the
" Opposition " by telepathy as usual !
A sizable % of Scots did NOT vote 'leave' in the Brexit referendum. Scots voted 62% to stay in the EU. And it is unlikely Scotland will be 'out' before another independence referendum. You don't seem to know much about Scotland or its politics.
He has never been tested before during his presidency. Let's hope he doesn't drag all of us with him.
No. No it won’t
Spain &amp; GB won't make war any more, we have beer enough for your thirst.
The DUP cannot stop Brexit with a POC. You are comparing Apples and Pears.
Great. Please retweet widely.
What's the EU going to do about it? What has the EU ever done? It has nothing to do with Brexit and to make any such connection is unprofessional.
Mundell going full on for the furry collar. Though you'd have thought that wearing ermine might be a bit too close to home for a weasel like him.
So far as I know the company supplying the DVDs is based in Ukraine. I am not aware that Ukraine proposes to cut off trade with the UK post-Brexit.
They should do something easier in the next trial, such as perform the Brexit negotiations. #imaceleb
So where is the EU heading to? Leavers seem to be informed about that but not what Brexit actually means... and facts please, not the tosh UK media usually spout
The full text is here:
France shows its hand prior to the ink drying for the signatures on the withdrawal agreement ! These are NOT allies Spain will do the same and so will Holland I will personally boycott French wine Spanish produce and Dutch Cheese
it is in their duties! as alies to pay their fare share! but comisionenes think they are above any laws! that is why brexit happened... because of the unelected public “servants” of the comisionene! euroelections are close!
Brexit news: Italy may DESTROY EU unity and VETO Brexit over Rome budget row | UK | News |
Brexit a weapon of mass destruction
Maybe just honest. Post Brexit Britain will be in a weak position with this "deal".
'A miserable failure of negotiation': Corbyn blasts May's Brexit deal via #Brexit
There is no Brexit divident you demented parrot
No good deed goes unpunished. Northern Ireland is fucked. May as well merge with Ireland.
My latest blog post on the Brexit saga
The 1st #Brexit- 235 years ago today | Evacuation Day (New York) - Wikipedia
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home
thank u, brexit
"The Accession treaty was signed on 22 January 1972 by the Conservative PM Edward Heath, who had pursued the UK's application to the EEC since the late 1950s" nearly 50yr later ignores illegality during the #brexit referendum to leave the EU , sad day for democracy
Boris repeats his alternative: reject deal - but keep transition, by EU changing their mind on key issues. "Bank what is sensible in this WA ... Junk the backstop" - and replace it *with a simple commitment by all sides that no need for a hard border"
Theresa May's Brexit plot spells disaster for the NHS
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
TM blinks again. Right from the very beginning, with her foolish postering just after the referendum, her retreat has been inexorable.
So what you mean is she is lying!
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out via
Everyone of these has a solution They are not reasons not to have a No Deal Brexit. No Deal, or WTO means no negotiation with the EU. We keep most if not all of the 39bn we can trade across the world from day one. Trade continues with the EU and we are in charge of our own future
Will Mays Brexit deal be voted down in Parliament? #VoteNow #SwingPolls
Herald on Sunday letters: Graveyard tourism, the ins and outs of Brexit, food, fireworks and Bible John
Spanish PM: with #Brexit we all lose, but with regard to Gibraltar Spain gains.
Brexit deal: The end of a loveless 46-year marriage READ:
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
The paranoid fantasy behind Brexit
Rome burns and your off again to play your fiddle in some distant land. Get a sense of perspective man and stay home. Every man and woman is needed to fight this Brexit nonsense.
James this is a complete sellout of Brexit. I admire your loyalty but you’re like the purser on the Titanic emptying ashtrays as it sinks I’m a Conservative Party member &amp; will do everything I can to punish May and the Party at the next election. #brexitbetrayal
A 'bright' brexit is in jeopardy! We cannot allow a 'spiteful' brexit to take place!
26 Nov: WTI down another 7.7%. Stocks heavy, #Fx mixed. Brexit, FOMC Minutes, G20 in focus ... - #Dollar #Forex -
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen ( The sort of thoughtless reckless arrogant b*****ds that stole our pensions #backto60 #1950sWomen #1950sbornwomen #onevoice #waspi )
Theresa May begs UK public to back her Brexit plan
To paraphrase George Washington: 'I cannot tell a "very controversial notion"'
Bruce: "If musicians were running Europe, Europe would run a lot better"
Jeremy Hunt has admitted the government will most likely fall if the Brexit deal is voted down.
Brexit: What is the SNP's Brexit policy? || || || #Scotland
Ignore the attack on labour. But let's get this poll round to show that a #GeneralElectionNow is needed. #SocialistSunday PS. I actually like unicorns
Looking forward to the brexit deal not getting through parliament, a hard brexit is my kind of brexit.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
fuck the brexit vampires. #PeoplesVote
Lolz As parodies go, you're shit Oh, was that antisemitic?
Brexit has done her good
He's a contemptuous little fool, never forgotten, never forgiven! #DissolveTheUnion #indyref #Brexit
Brexit will have it's say
Because the fishing rights are his second play if the deal goes through his first play is to make the deal fail at our end hope for a second vote and the backtrack on Brexit anything to get the answer they want not the answer we gave them
I agree 100%. Labour is not in power yet Brexit (not initiated by Labour) is being used as a tool to beat Jeremy Corbyn, simply because those at the top of the establishment fear socialism. Time for ALL socialists to stick together #GTTO #absurd
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal” | Coffee House.. to those MPs broadcasting support for TMs so called deal suggest you read this first. It's a devastating response to the lies from No.10
Yeah he's either very young &amp; immature or possibly suffering from mental health issues brought about by Brexit anxiety. Apparently, it's an acknowledged &amp; well documented condition.
That’s great news, because the deal on the table is a Brexit sellout by and the last thing we want is for the EU to make any concessions. They’ve made none so far and we would hate for them to start at this late stage.
Brexit: DUP to meet NI business groups over deal #business #news
Fatuous condescending jerk! You have no idea because you haven't taken the trouble to find out = classic Remainiac! Now look at the mess you've got us all in. Any idea where #Brexit went?
REVEALED: EU top secret plans to EXTEND Article 50 fearing MPs will KILL May's Brexit deal
Nationalism is not rooted in theory, rationalism or method. It's emotional, spiritual and natural, it's people and culture itself. The nation embodies the people and the people embodies the nation, to attempt to destroy the nation is to destroy oneself. #Nationalism #Brexit
This is exactly what I've been saying. I think May is a plant. A sacrificial lamb, whose sole purpose was to scupper Brexit and have us Remain. We've all been lied to.
This government's Brexit deal will leave us worse off. It's a miserable little compromise. They need to vote against it in Parliament. I've told my MP. Tell yours: via
The DUP is in as much trouble as Theresa May. They’ll stick together
Brexit was created by godamn idiots like James Cameron, Nigel Farage. And the people who voted for it are idiots. Its ludicrous, idiotic and frankly disgusting of the UK.
Was Theresa may waearing a chain in that latest brexit interview lol
I voted to leave the EU. I want our own border control. I want this country to rule itself. I want our fishing boats to be able to fish in our waters and I don't want to pay billions to a foreign country for that privilege. What part of Brexit don't you get. She sold us out.
Sorry, other peoples stupid comments does that to me - clean Brexit!!! By clean I assume you mean a no deal scenario that would crash the economy and put vital supplies of certain medicines at risk.
I think ‘s reactions to guests he disagrees with are becoming very predictable. hasn’t come out of Brexit well. needed badly.
Clean out the anti UK traitors..
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues?
It’s another painting of leavers as XYZ. To be honest most remainers are scared. not just of change, but scared of Brexit being a success, and how silly they will look.
This guy should be in prison. Wth is going on?
Dear Maria as a local family in Old Basing with extended family in the Basingstoke area, life long Tory voters. All of us , i count 40+ will never vote for you again if you support the Brexit withdrawal bill in parliament.
Lib Dems: Well at least if we stand for one thing, it's fighting Brexit Stephen Lloyd:
I’d be happy with a UK type deal. A full clean Brexit, that’s what we voted for
The High Court will rule as early as Christmas whether Brexit should be declared “void”, in a legal case given a turbo-boost by the alleged criminal investigation into Leave funder Arron Banks.
Who is finding the DUP When it comes to the merits of Brexit I will take Le Figaro over the Newsletter every time
But it's OK for Tories to lie... &amp; lie daily &amp; repeatedly. Eh, ? #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
Who? Which MP is going to look the country in the face and say Yes to Theresa May’s Basketcase Brexit.. it will be an unforgivable act.. who will say Yes to humiliation.. which MP would do that?
Weird how quiet and complicit your party and leader have been since the start of it all. Maybe if you piped up at article 50 notice, maybe if you’d kept the faith of those young voters at the election who opposed Brexit, who knows eh?
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
As for studying, sure, if they pay the fees. Currently in quite a few countries, Brits can study for zero, or just equivalent to EU host nation fees. Post Brexit, this will only be affordable to the ultra rich.
Fair idea. Vote the deal down first, as that's literally in a few days, then if you fail to bring down this shambolic and corrupt government, go for it.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
#brexit dealt with. #TEAMKYA takes in the sights of #Brussels. #TEAMKYA on tour. Some of the guys from our #young #leaders programme here to visit #NATO as part of the why Nato matters project. #youth #engage #decisions #policy #community #Dewsbury
Unfortunately 'she' is the least Labour supporting MP in Westminster. She is no more than a quisling, a cheap little actress who would, if she has not already ... Sell her own soul to the Devil for profit. She actually became an MP ... for a bet.
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit
Six possible scenarios in light of Theresa May's Brexit deal
I agree
Macron: UK will be trapped in a customs union after #Brexit unless it offers EU fishermen full access to UK waters during the coming trade negotiations. Is this what 'taking back control' looks like?
#TheresaMay took time out from sabotaging #Brexit to block asylum for a genuine refugee in order to appease violent Muslims. Pure evil. …
Brexit latest....
If there’s enough support for such vote, yes. Although keep in mind it’s the rich right wing elites such as Nigel and Arron who really want Brexit. The people are just being tricked into helping them.
To understand Brexit in historical perspective, might I suggest
Yeah the Tories are ultimately responsible but Labour have been complicit in wanting BREXIT following the referendum, if you voted remain and voted it's a total betrayal by
"Great" Britain is a third-world shit-hole due to immigration. #TheresaMay #Britain #England
thats what its all been about-brexit-dismantle the eu-so they cant respond to this!!
I like Mark a lot but he's not ready to lead the Tory party let alone be parachuted straight in as PM! Sorry but he doesn't make my pinned list of next PMs from October, and I stand by it. Other views?
If you are not following the inimitable Mike Gapes MP then you really ought to be. He is only of the very few in the House who has a conscience, a moral compass and the courage to stand up and say what is right and what is wrong.
Nah. Nobody abstains on an issue as big as this. Nobody who believes mp after their names means anything. This is massive. Anybody who fails to vote needs garotting.
Who in the U.K. could explain that was an inevitable consequence of brexit. Clearly it’s beyond the bbc and the MSM.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
You tried to stand, but quickly fell over and there is no indication your so called ERG colleagues picked you up?
Analysis: Macron’s blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
“Has a prime minister ever worked so hard and expended so much political capital to slash a nation’s power, restrain freedom for its citizens, frustrate businesses and reduce economic strength?”
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit (CNN)
Perhaps Macron, like at least half the population of the UK, would prefer us to remain in the EU. He may think it’s in his interest to encourage Parliament to throw out Brexit. #PeoplesVoteNow
UK-HMG line on Gibraltar statements, from their new "Brexit Facts" page.
This is what my dog thinks about Brexit......
Another tipping point has arrived; so many hot spots; a time for leadership and diplomacy that settles things down. This certainly could have been anticipated given the divisive world we inhabit now
Brexit means no credit
The words say it !! #brexit #europe #greed @ Brighton
There are no models for Brexit, they are all post ref inventions. Important to distinguish political entanglement with this over bureaucratic political union, which ppl never had a chance to vote on &amp; have now chosen to leave, from a deal that will govern future economic ties.
So by that rationale (excuse the French word) assume you'd be OK with a hard Brexit when the deal gets voted down? "Future relationship wasn't part of the question".
Jeremy is a misunderstood genius.
$RNO $7201 Daybreak: Brexit Gets EU Nod. China Fights WTO Reform (Podcast) via
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May - #Brexit #stocks #stockmarket #forex #investing
#Brexit Britain: turning itself into a shithole to stop the immigrants it needs to prosper &amp; survive. And only pulled back from #NoDealBrexit option when Ministers realised UK would run out of drinking water in 3 days. Highlight this insanity &amp; Govt calls you a "traitor".
Bullocks to Brexit?
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
...and with that relaxing #brexit tweet, #GoodNightEveryone
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
Awful deal, Crazy hard Brexit or #Remain
Brexit will worsen the chronic poverty John, why do support it????
“Only three people have ever really understood the Brexit* business—the Prince Consort, who is dead—a German professor, who has gone mad—and I, who have forgotten all about it."(Palmerston-not the cat.) " Schleswig-Holstein really
British PM May calls on lawmakers to back Brexit deal
73 years of World peace??????
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms
This is precisely why I’ve never been a fan of Hilary: she has no principles. She gave us Libya (then abandoned it to the dogs) the administration she served as Secretary of State talked about ’red lines’ in Syria; which it never enforced. She has helped
"1/3 people's vote" is a more accurate description:
Meanwhile, in non #brexit news... #OtterWatch2018
Filthy pretend paddy
After the weekend events this feels an even more relevant read from ...
Spain can not block the brexit deal thanks for coming to my ted talk
All you need to know is that if you voted for Brexit you’ve been shafted by Theresa May. If you lost the referendum: great news! Our PM doesn’t care about democracy. So how is it we persuade kids to vote? PM must go
My thoughts exactly Julia. She took the PM job knowing it was all about Brexit. She gets paid to be PM so why do people feel sorry for her is beyond me. If she is taking advice from people around her and still carries on down this fudge route then more fool her.
So thanks to the for its unwavering support of the EU against the UK, which brought us all to this position. You do realise the BBC licence fee is now toast after Brexit?
Must admit I'm thoroughly enjoying the UK taking a kicking off everyone in these negotiations. The imperial nostalgia and inflated sense of Britian's place in the world that drove the Brexit (and Lexit) delusions is long overdue a reality check.
Nope
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
LIED to the British people time after time over red lines she did not keep #Brexit
Former State Department adviser slams Theresa May over Brexit
This sick bi888 needs to be removed along with her so called deal
She creates division not unity ! #Brexit #UKisNotOK
As crazy as it may seem, sometimes leaders from other #EU members states also feel the need to play to their domestic audience. It’s not always all about the UK. #Brexit
Agreed
Just as we all had an opportunity to hear the " fors and againsts" prior to the 2016 Referendum , will someone please organise a very in-depth televised UNBIASED presentation of what a " NO DEAL " Brexit would mean to us all ?
I am, and I am.
So who the heck is this, now?
Time to clean out the anti UK traitors..
That’s going well lol
And if she goes back to renegotiate then once again the deal she will negotiate will fail to get Parliamentary approval, leaving us with what? Almost certainly a No Deal scenario that would be stopped by parliament by having a softer Brexit negotiated for or remaining.
So when Leavers and hard left Labour use the propaganda created by Facebook , that FB admit is lies , they can’t really argue that FB had no affect on ref can they ? #Brexit Outgoing Facebook exec takes the fall for company's missteps in D.C. - CNN
E.U. Leaders back Brexit deal
The latest I love Galicia! Thanks to #brexit #anisakis
LONDON CALLIN TO THE FAR AWAY TOWNS BREXIT BETRAYAL THE BATTLES GONE DOWN......... THE 9TH DECEMBER WE MARCH ON THE GROUND .......CAUSE LONDON HAS FALLEN...........
Great. But your plan is not gonna happen. Cancel Brexit, it’s shit and can’t be unshitted.
Anti-May. She needs to resign.
Bring on 29th March Bring on WTO #Brexit THEN we can start talking about a deal.
Deal no deal? There is another way...
No Brexit is the best deal.
Lies, lies and more bloody lies from the leave campaign - Boris Johnson finally admits on BBC News we had control of our laws while in the EU | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
Bob Seely is pro-Brexit, which you say was boosted by Russia. So your "Russia expert" is also unwittingly supporting "Russia's agenda". And you're also supporting Bob Seely here, which makes you party to "Russia's agenda".
EU leaders seal Brexit deal, urge Britons to back May #europenews
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal #IWantTime #NoBrexit #VerySad
becuase that's what is happening, if Putin wants Brexit not going about it the right way. Unless he's rubbing our noses in it
Top News - The Latest: Ex-Conservative leader criticizes Brexit deal |
On top of that, our silly Spanish president believes we were going to recover Gibraltar. #Brexit
Twitter AI, I have a question. What is irony?
Lions are definitively not incredible: they exist. However, I thought voting for Brexit or Trump were incredible, too... :-(
‚A second referendum is not off the table in the Labour Party.‘ RichardBurgon Well it should be! 70% of all labour consitituencies voted for Brexit- do not turn your back on so many Labour working class communities jeremycorbyn johnmcdonnellMP #Marr
Regardless of your politics, this is as good a synopsis as I’ve come across; Tony Blair says Brexit is a choice between 'painful and pointless'
The EU is reforming since Brexit EU Army Closer ties Loss of national sovereignty This is what SF supports
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
I remember Andrew Marr as a principled editor of The Independent. Alas he is now an apparatchik of the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation.
Boris is blabbering again.
Not ignorant,not condescending and definitely not wrong. Probably 90% of brexiteers voted on immigration issue only with others on NHS and immigration. Now trying to say we're not racist.#Brexit #Racists
Almost nothing in PM May's letter is true. 11 lies. This is a bad deal The people no longer support #Brexit in any form. I hope you agree that Parliament should reject it. PM May intends to ignore us &amp; just countdown the clock. Either MP's #StopBrexit or #PeoplesVote
WAKE THE FCK UP PEOPLE. STOPTHIS PAEDO BREXIT DEAL WITH THESE GLOBALIST BASTARDS
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? | Politics | The Guardian
Arlene Foster: If backstop isn't removed, Brexit deal won't get DUP support (via )
While the Gibraltar ‘concession’ worries me greatly, we now have two choices: vote down the deal and remain; or persevere with ’s deal. There is no perfect solution, damage our democracy or our economy. The reality of Brexit. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Labour are going to be in the firing line with an orchestrated attack on them. The full weight of the establishment will be horrendous and we must be prepared. If a hard Brexit is forced on us then a second vote will have to be called to halt the damage that could destroy us.
Indeed. In fact, one gets the impression that the whole thing is an elaborate, choreographed charade, designed with one aim in mind....to convince the British electorate that Brexit is impossible. But I am probably just too cynical.
Brexit fallout: vet destroys Nigel Farage live on LBC via
Our parliamentary system is broken, no one has any faith or trust in it anymore. #Brexit #ChcukMay #Remoaners #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitDeal
The NHS was already nearly bankrupted, long before Brexit became an issue. The real problem is that we can no longer afford the crippling interest payments on our, ever growing, National Debt, and cast iron pension payments to retired public service workers.
Brexit: EU leaders approve Theresa May’s deal but warn it cannot be renegotiated
G-5's 6's, Bombardier Expresses bombing INTO Vero Beach every 5 minutes on a Sunday night when they should be bombing out. Traders Brexit conference !
Their would be a deal, it would be a no deal Brexit. He did make that clear.
Monday's front page: BREXIT: TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers #skypapers
Recommended reading; this and other legal opinion on the deal #ManagedNoDeal
Look, honestly I’m a big fan of the Greens, and I wish you were big enough for a proper challenge but you’re not and if it comes to a GE we need all the votes supporting the most viable candidates and that not Greens yet. Your constituents must come first at all costs with Brexit
a bas le Brexit #PeoplesVote
Would you agree to implement anything 51% of the population voted for? Brexit is a cover for despair and fear of immigrants- I’ll fight those any day.
Why Trump and #Brexit will lead to a stronger EU security
We need civil uprising if she fucks our democratic system. Anything but a hard brexit is now capitulation
#Brexit : Theresa May doit convaincre le Parlement britannique
After EU endorses Brexit deal, Theresa May tells UK: 'This is all there is' (via )
Time is up for sitting on the fence. We need to campaign against Brexit now.
Lib Dem Commons bid for second Brexit referendum resoundingly defeated
Bruce: "If musicians were running Europe, Europe would run a lot better"
EU finally seals Brexit deal; urges Britons to back PM May
EU finally seals Brexit deal; urges Britons to back PM May #japanese #japan #news
The Wall Street Journal: U.K., EU hammer out Brexit divorce deal, but tough sell to Parliament looms
The Wall Street Journal: U.K., EU hammer out Brexit divorce deal, but tough sell to Parliament looms
becuase that's what is happening, if Putin wants Brexit hes not going about it the right way. Unless he's just a shit stirring little git
THIS!!! It's depressing that the music industry as a whole didn't show a stronger solidarity against Brexit.
and pre - Brexit , ie : the current neo lib status quo, is all about .... ?
Why won't she just move aside for someone who actually believes in Brexit? No one has really bothered to negotiate the Brexit millions voted for. PMs deal is not the best we can get because she didn't even try.
Urgh. Another #UKIP sewage spill speaks. I have much more important question: Did you finally pay Mark Lewis? If not, what are you doing on Twitter? Cleaning toilets, sweeping streets, picking vegetables are all jobs. Get a job, obnoxious pointless loud mouth
Just listen to what the EU are saying. We are being sold out by our prime minister. It's time to kick back while we still can.
Nice to know brexit means brexit on I’m a celeb #imaceleb
If you’re a Flight Attendant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
whereas voting for the Left requires a degree of altruism which is almost impossible in distressing situations. Massive voting swing to Labour when Brexit goes tits up, as it must? Not going to happen. #StopBrexit 2/2
This is the biggest load of crap i have ever read. Brexit does nothing good for Scotland at all, except strengthen the case for Indy. Anyone who believes anything in this 'letter' lives in Cloud Cuckoo Land. Theresa is either deluded or insane or both. #ALoadOfBollocks
Great quote from The Economist on Brexit negotiations.
Haven’t they just had a conference and didn’t the leadership block a people’s vote?
She stuck her head in the sand regarding our country and how Brexit would damage it. She does not deserve the support off one Scottish person.
European Union leaders approved an agreement for Brexit #brexit #economy #europe #politics #uk #world
BBCNEWS 1:30pm COPA LIBERTADORES POSTPONED EU LEADERS ENDORSE BREXIT DEAL MAY APPEALS TO MPs
Fuck the letter fuck brexit
Theoretically possible but highly improbable. From where would we assemble a governing majority &amp; what would we do about #Brexit disaster?
England. Pretty sure my tap water isn’t chemically played with
#EU leaders agree UK's #Brexit #deal at Brussels summit
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal Vote it down for the peoples sake
If this is approved by parliament then we know the country is being taken for a ride. Stay in Europe is the best deal. Give young people the vote , it’s their future. Labour Party get a grip.!!!
I weep.
As far as the deal goes, it's clearly worse than being in the EU as at present. But that doesn't mean no Brexit! If Theresa May couldn't/can't negotiate a decent deal, it means we respect the people's vote of June 2016 &amp; leave the EU without a deal - and then take it from there.
#Brexit - “We are told that we have taken back control of our laws. This is such a stonking, stinking, steaming lie that it is amazing that anyone in government can propose it with a straight face.”
U.K., EU hammer out Brexit divorce deal, but tough sell to Parliament looms
The former member for #Sedgefield is right to call for general declaration that a referendum on the "deal" will be accepted by all sides. Any such vote would be distinct from 2016 and "best of three" argument is just silly. We need decisive #PeoplesVote on facts, not speculation.
My guess is that all the other leadership candidates in 2015 would have been willing to alienate working class leave voters in order to stop Brexit. I am glad Corbyn is refusing to destroy Labour to save the Conservatives. If Brexit is a disaster, blame the Conservatives.
Hi . Where was Theresa May while the #EU27 were signing off the #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement? She went to my friend's church in Brussels - hadn't seen each other for 40 years and my friend had words with her about #Brexit. #nimportequoi #PeoplesVote
Great report on #Brexit . Keep up good work. #FoxNews #smartwomenonfox #beingawesome #TheBarberWire
After the way the #EU has behaved during #Brexit negotiations, why on earth would we trust them with #Backstop The #French have shown their intent already, before the bloody ink is even dry
If I go to Europe and burn my passport and ask for asylum against Brexit, they have to keep me, right? Honestly only about 1/4 joking about this plan...
I think your difficulty, Bryan, is that you need to get legalistic in trying to 'prove' that Labour is anti Brexit, when the simple fact is that anyone with ears can listen to the front bench saying in terms that we're leaving.
PM pleads MPs to back Brexit deal after leaders agree at historic summit
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough new demands to lock UK into joint fisheries deal
Get used to it, Matthew. Possibly no Brexit now. Whoopee!
I mean, it's as workable as all his other bright ideas, just as long as you ignore the rules and requirements of the international trading system (over which neither UK nor EU have control) and assume that the world will just fall into line with what the UK wants.
You’re being dishonest it’s not a choice between mays rubbish deal or a hard brexit - a people’s vote with an option to remain is the only way forward everything else will lead to more division. #leavelies #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
Labour's line on Brexit stretched to absolute breaking point. People aren't fooled by this.
He's an expert....... But we don't trust them now.... Do we???
A nice fiction.. But in reality during the ref campaign the *real concerns* of brexiters (trade, courts etc) weren't getting traction with the public so Vote Leave fell back on the old standby of immigrant bashing to win the vote This deal is the result
There wouldn’t be a deal, it would be a no deal Brexit. He did make that clear.
Meanwhile, is talking about brexit. There is no real news anymore.
It is impossible for Brexit to pass at the moment, 91 Conservative MPs are against the Agreement By #Brexit #GBPUSD #Politics
The UK intrinsically part of transnational #Canzuk society. With #Chequers, #UK would become #EU27 vassal, #Canada pulled into #USA orbit, #Australia #NZ into #China's, but WITH #Brexit, #Canzuk emerges as globally stabilizing decentralized middle power alliance so #ChuckChequers
Brexit genuinely factored into my leaving the UK, so I can only imagine how Americans feel right now. TODDLERS CHOKING FROM TEAR GAS.
Yeeeeaahh...about those 'interesting times'...
EU's Juncker calls Brexit deal "the only one possible"
Some un &amp; some major #News thnk #Brexit "deal" of PM TMay will absolutely fail when voted on.Would a vote of "no confidence" in Mrs May &amp; "deal" bring down entire UK govt? Read article. G
Brexit: What happens next? Your questions answered
May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament REMOVE HER ! SHE LETS MUSLIMS TAKE OVER HER GOVERNMENT !
actually it was a sovereign Government that had to deliver Brexit, and the hardline ERG quitters have had a long time to come up with solutions to problems raised by separating from 40 years of involvement. Long time waiting, now too late.
So often we get so embroiled with worries of day to day life and fret about the state of the world (about #Brexit for example!) that we forget just who it is we worship. To him alone belongs power and glory, he alone is sovereign. He is ruler over all, and he will have his way.
UK will stay in 'backstop' customs union unless EU get generous deal on fishing, warns Macron
You were a dreadful leader of the party contributing 13 years of Labour rule which I do not thank you for - you now advocate a hard Brexit - your majority in my old seat is now collapsing - you represent the past as Corbyn does - it is time to go.
In my experience many Remainers get very nasty if you admit to voting Brexit so many Brexiteers don't admit to voting for it.
You need to follow the facts. ‘New Labour’ has fought Brexit all the way. Unlike fantasy labour.
I like swearing; it's cathartic.
This sort of thing, where we have both Corbyn blamed for brexit and the idea that if you just shout louder that brexit is bad that didn't convince people in 2016 either, is why continuity remain is such a joke
It is impossible for Brexit to pass at the moment, 91 Conservative MPs are against the Agreement via FXStreet #forex #fx
Completely crazy if this deal is accepted. Madness.
Amber Rudd isn't a Remainer. No Remainer would be in a government trying to impose #Brexit on the British people. There will be no forgetting or forgiving of politicians trying to force #Brexit though without a #PeoplesVote.
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament? (Video) : | #PTMinTrouble
Mays a fucking cunt. Fuck brexit and fuck anyone who fucking voted for it.
The latest Leituras do Afonso! Thanks to #brexit #maislidas
#TORY FAIL: Theresa May ‘will FAIL’ to seal immigration curbs in time to win vote
Fascinating series here, the last episode holds an important message in the context of #brexit. The last 15mins in particular hold an important message for the "leaders" of today.
So it looks like Great Britain has a Brexit deal...
“In some ways, the harder the Brexit, the harder it is for the UK to justify its continued existence. But don’t kid yourself … Brexit drives a coach and horses through the SNP’s platform for independence in 2014.”
we've been told that has been unraveling for two years. just exactly how long will it take? he should have crumbled completely by now so the 'unraveling' narrative just isn't holding water anymore.
You just explained it-for which many thanks
Very much in the minority there!
Same as the Tories. They’d rather let the rest of us go to hell in a handcart than face down their Brexiter leaders. The main difference is that fewer of them are mad enough to believe in it. Does that make them better or worse?
Moving piece.
EU leaders seal Brexit deal, urge Britons to back May via #news
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
Dear god, what does it take for 48 MP’s to still give a vote of no confidence to salvage something? She’s going doo lally, no deal is better than the clustf**k ‘deal’ we’ve got. #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit
There are 12 million people over 65 in the whole of the UK champ. Assuming half of them are male and all voted for #Brexit. You still have 11.4 million Leave votes unaccounted where do they come from in your hypothesis? Do tell ...
Cogent &amp; compelling. Remain should've wheeled out these big guns sooner in order to nip Brexit in the bud much earlier.
We knew Brexit would fall short of every promise the lead Brexiteers made.
Maybe this whole Brexit debacle has exposed us for who we really are as a nation? Horrible politicians, a horrible media &amp; sadly, horrible communities. It all feels so broken
Indeed
Sadness and relief on the day of 'divorce'. Portugal "satisfied" with Brexit #AntónioCosta #brexit #economy #europe #politics #portugal #world
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
Ive been reading for months that the deal was very far to be closed. Suddenly there’s a deal? Any reflection on how bbc has been communicating brexit? Honestly I love your work but I’m very disappointed with all the confusion &amp; bbc has not helped to understand.
Sunset ..you got splaining to do lucy
Tom is INTENTIONALLY talking up friction with a nuclear super power. Oddly strange on his school kid slaughtering, journalist killing, public beheading, women &amp; homosexual oppressing Saudi masters. You're such a spineless hack Watson.
This will be some type of week in financials. More Brexit talk, which means the pound will drop, no trade deal with China, inflation risk is on several peoples mind and crude taking a huge hit, then again gas is low $2.19 here in Orlando.
Please retweet this.
And we're all certain we're in the shit with this worse deal Brexit. #TattyByeTories
The #Leave #Brexit campaign has to be the most outrageously false and unachievable set of lies in the history of British politics. See below... #Resist #LeaveLies #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
So the Tories are not only corrupt but incompetently corrupt. They give a knighthood for a vote and don’t even get the vote!
I’m not sad about leaving EU, Theresa May tells emotional European leaders
BBC News - Brexit: All you need to know about the UK leaving the EU
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
EU Leaders Seal BREXIT Deal, Call on Britons to Back PM May - Live Trading News via
Yes. Respect the ability of the people to judge. Or else stop trusting the people. Oh wait. You already did. I chose this: The judgement of 17.4 million who believed Brexit "lies". You chose this: The judgement of those who believed EU, Big Business &amp; Paternalists' "lies".
“youth-focused anti-Brexit group, OFOC, also receiving Soros’s cash indirectly via Best for Britain, is focusing on pushing Labour’s leader Jeremy Corbyn to call for a second referendum. One of OFOC’s co-founders, Femi Oluwole, a 27-year-old law graduate” - it’s him I think.
No Brexit? Over my dead body. Literally.
Great news, hopefully it will be a "no deal" which is a full brexit hopefully.
Wrong. What do YOU a birmingMAN know about American history?? Nothing. Yea I said that. NOTHING. Go beg brexit to take you back. Yes you heard me, I said that. Things Olafsen Myen Nordmann did: THAT
There is no left-wing case for Brexit: 21st century socialism requires transnational organization
Nice to know brexit means brexit on I’m a celeb #imaceleb
Easy part over for May as she reaches Brexit agreement with EU via
Exactly
You've a crystal ball, Richard? How's Brexit going to end up?
Article link
This is treason. May MUST be arrested and charged!
Hilarious Keir. You seem to have forgotten your party are totally split over Europe #brexit
Still trying to figure out what "bowloarks to brexit" means.
Brexit is the one situation where horseshoe theory is true.
Exactly what I think. The deal will be voted down and then she will try to spook everyone with the prospect of no deal. This will increase the calls for a People's Vote with accept her deal or stay in the EU on the paper.
Never felt so fragile? How about when tens of thousands left the party and millions stopped voting it over war criminal Tony Blair?!
It's only a matter of time #stopbrexit
FOXNEWS 1:31pm E. U LEADERS, BRITISH PRIME MINISTER AGREE ON. BREXIT TERMS, NOW PLAN MUST GET PARLIAMENT SUPPORT. . kl Elllc LIN i...
Yes this would send a clear message that May's deal is not 'what the people want'
How much will Tato Cheese &amp;. Onion become after brexit?????
Hello to all my new followers! Thank you for following me. This is what you can expect: - Politics - Swearing - LGBT rights - Abortion rights - Swearing - Anti-Brexit - Refugees welcome - Anti-Fascism - Swearing - Niche memes - Gay shit - Northern Irish memes - Swearing
Brexit means brexit
Brexiteers cranking up the stab in the back myth to try to end up with no deal. Scary and irresponsible.
Brexit sure is going well isn't it?
''...with an option to stop brexit?'' You are doing well, you are doing so well to demonstrate how much disdain you have for democracy but thank goodness the British people are not as gullible as you think!
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
Newry, Northern Ireland March 2019 #Brexit
Tony Blair is full of shit. No-one is leaving their Party because they KNOW they will lose; just like FibDems on 7-13% Also Blair should take some responsibility for sowing seeds of Brexit with his policies eg. immigration, ignoring working class struggling to afford housing etc
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal
European leaders seal Brexit divorce deal, but hard work lies ahead
Theresa May is going on a 3 week tour to preach a Brexit deal that nobody wants to hand selected, bribed audiences of no more than 20 or so, only for it to be voted down by Parlaiment anyway. Further proof that are shit with money. #GeneralElectionNow
European leaders seal Brexit divorce deal, but hard work lies ahead
European leaders seal Brexit divorce deal, but hard work lies ahead
European leaders seal Brexit divorce deal, but hard work lies ahead
#LeaveMeansLeave so, you've been spouting your ridiculous Remoaning Shite with no mandate from the Labour Party - typical slime ball. We voted Leave. May's deal is crass, but #Leave we shall
European Union OKs Brexit; now it's up to Britain
What fresh hell is this? Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal
Brexit is not scary. Brexit was hopeful, exciting, joyful, liberating. treating it as scary is what will put Corbyn into Downing St. The anti-Brexit Establishment are putting him in power by snuffing out Brexit
More than two years later, Brexit deal is still a mess.
we need a #PeoplesVote nothing anyone negotiates will be as good as the deal we have #remaining in the #EU
But can you trust him?? I agree Labour should vote against!!!!
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas #NoBrexit #VoteLeaveCheated
Go on then This will be one way to win back voters.
If you're sick and tired of Brexit and the news channels regurgitating Theresa May's Chequers nonsense as news, and sick as a dog at today's announcement of the signing of the #Bill by that clusterfuck of EU leaders, please RT and help get #BrexitVomit trending. Thank you.
EU finally seals Brexit deal; urges Britons to back PM May #usedcar #japan
Struck a brexit deal even tho its own party can get along.... I smell shite
algeria agent, you can fool the int’l #community a certain time but you can’t fool it all the life. The world is convinced of the role of algeria. The denial of algeria is a nonsense. #WesternSahara #SaharaOccidental #AlgeriaSCAMWillNeverBe #AlgeriaMeddling #London #Brexit
UK fish and Gibraltar will be thrown under the Brexit bus in the FTA
Yes, &amp; the SNP &amp; Plaid Cymru are also fighting it. Time to stop the tribalism, maybe, and work towards defeating Brexit together?
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summ...
Has this classic been noted? "We won’t know the full economic consequences for a very long time. The overwhelming opportunity for Brexit is over the next 50 years." Jacob Rees Mogg July 2018
I'm now looking for either May goes &amp; a new #Brexit supporting Tory PM or chaos (no confidence vote, gov falls) &amp; we limp across the line with a no deal brexit next yr by running the clock out! No deal is better than the #BrexitDeal it isn't a trade deal, that's still to come!
Effie Samara: As Brexit enters its final episode, Sturgeon's courageous leadership can still win the day via
Brexit
Sign &amp; share our petition to Keir Starmer for a #PeoplesVote on the #FinalSay on the #Brexit #deal
The level of misinformation about the #EU that has been propagated by left and right wing politicians and parts of the #media has been shameful- but it is ‘the many’ who will suffer if we don’t reverse #Brexit #peoplesvote
F**k you
Boris is whoring himself for publicity again.
We can only dream
Interesting fact? It's anti-Brexit crap. What do you expect?
In response to the ' deliberately misleading and outright untruthful graphic regarding their #Brexit deal, we've decided to make our own. We the people want to leave the EU *completely* and restore Britain's status as an independent and self-governing nation.
Isn't it about time for a PM from a Midlands seat?
'This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. It is perhaps the end of the beginning'. - Sir Winston Churchill #Brexit
A Scottish reply to Theresa's #Brexit letter. Excellent response! via
2/ Let assume #May offers a mere simplistic insulation, is that any worse than the explosion of a hard #Brexit?
NO time for another conf, It's a delay tactic and a trap to reverse conf motion decision. If Jeremy doesn't stand up for UK to Remain in EU, FoM and a people's vote, then I have voted twice for the wrong leader. BREXIT cannot finance a transformative agenda.
Nice to know brexit means brexit on I’m a celeb #imaceleb
I thought it was a brexit betrayal march... Where did you get " islamaphobia and nationalist hate" from? I mean, steady on or you might betray some prejudice and that wouldn't be the right image at all. Why don't you go along and listen rather than pre-judging?
How does she and all the others there in Parliament want. Brexit has turned into a party political squabbling fiasco and us poor plebs are an afterthought.
5 things you need to know about the UK-EU Political Declaration on Brexit via
Blair is remembered as friendly to migration partly because he didn’t target middle-class migrants whom his colleagues/media allies would know personally. Theresa May changed that. So there’s a genuine difference between New Labour and the Tories here; it reflects badly on both.
No. People might back Brexit because they fear a labour Government. But Brexit is a disaster and Corbyn is the one aiding it. He wants it.
Dear I'm most definitely #NotBuyingIt Please support an unequivocal #PeoplesVoteNow with #OptionToRemain &amp; #ExitfromBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain from
Fundament. This oleaginous creature is the death of the
And we are suitably grateful that they delayed overtly supporting Brexit for so long, particularly as Jeremy was all for triggering it on 24 June 2016.
It is true....the party will disintegrate if Corbyn carries on as he is. He cold stop Brexit in its tracks.
How did Brexit ever happen if everything in the UK was going so well? Not wanting to see European workers exploited should not mean refusing access for Europeans. It simply means a decent realistic minimum wage for life in 2018 and decent fair workers rights.
I'm a member and I voted remain but I don't believe you or , I'm afraid. #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Ok Tristan, your stubbornness to see the very valid point I’m making tells me this conversation is going nowhere fast because you have a need to be right. Well that stubbornness is exactly the problem and will not help to resolve the issues of Brexit.
Clever-he’s the only person who can make her look good at this stage.
The danger of Brexit not happening or being watered down to almost nothing is now growing. A Remain-dominated Parliament is not going to pass any form of Brexit, save for Brino at best. But thanks to May's awful deal forcing Leave MPs to vote against it, they will get the blame.
But tell them the truth choices are A No deal WTO Brexit, Mays plan, remain in EU. Or Corbyn as PM and we stay in the single market and customs union permanently any way.
#Brexit effects “ The UK stands to lose billions of pounds in EU funds that will disproportionately affect the poorer areas that have most benefited from them, including almost £9 billion in poverty reduction funding between 2014 and 2020.” #AlstonReport #WelfareRebellion
It’s not intolerable, it’s democracy get over it. #Brexit
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they will vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Brexit could leave the U.K. billions worse off, finance minister admits
This is what Brexit and Trump are all about. This is what the traitors hidden in the Leave camps were enabling: Russian expansion with a weakened EU, NATO, and a compliant USA.
#Brexit is one stupid move by British and this will make sure others will not even think about this. Economic problems will take years to solve for UK and its advantage other strong EU economies like Germany, Netherlands....UK journey towards collapse started
Quite rightly so. He is desperate for a hard Brexit
As a veteran of your blog you're preaching to the converted. The Eureka moment will come in a series of baby steps which I think Boles and others are taking. What's more the standard response to Brexit is ours not Leave or Remain.
Brexit means Brexit T-Shirt #Brexit UK ONLY #theresamay #conservatives #backstop #northernireland #BrexitDeal #notinmyname
Brexit is baffling, we have a win win for the people in Northern Ireland but the DUP would rather a lose lose scenario for the people they claim to represent as well as the other 2/3rds of NI #selfishArseholes #flatearthtossers #backwards
The bloodthirsty EU will be preparing their troops once they've built up their entire. Being as has just betrayed #Brexit and agreed to join the EU's army it probably won't be long. Not in my name
We love EU too this isn't done in our names. We may prevail #PeoplesVote #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #MayMustGo
there is nothing scary about Brexit. Brexit is liberating, an opportunity, joyful, happy. Those who snuff it out are the ones who will put Corbyn in power. People like Bloomberg &amp; that rabble Establishment
broke: #SoftBorder between Northern Ireland and Eire woke: #HardBorder with Scotland bespoke: digging out canals to cut off Wales toke: airlift The City to the continent #Brexit
You surely cannot support this. You were appointed Brexit Secretary with no responsibilities for Brexit. Don’t you feel embarrassed? I am for you.
Marty's poll needs some #Remain loving please, you know what to do
Brexit Deal Has the Backing of E.U. Leaders. What Happens Now?
23rd July 2016 - Theresa May claims that 'no deal is better than a bad deal.'
If #Brexit is to send the UK into political turmoil and we’re reconsidering our domestic politics, I’d like to see a debate on the future of the monarchy on the table too. They’re the ultimate hindrance to social mobility and equality; and it’s time for change #IWantARepublic
Cherry Shitmas!
Are the DUP bluffing now or were they bullshitting then? I see why they're so matey with #May.
Only the right wing press, who are owned by people who want Brexit in order to strip away employment rights and lower taxes. I don't mean to be harsh, but you have to be a bit thick to think that deindustrialisation and austerity was caused by the EU, and not the UK government.
This Withdrawal Agreement is beyond disastrous. Anyone in their right mind, whether for or against Brexit, would #VoteItDown - #RejectTheDeal. The only deal worth pursuing now it a #ManagedNoDeal - and we must do so immediately.
I hope Labour is now moving to a position where it can protect its people from the harsh impact of any sort of Brexit by supporting a People’s Vote to get us back to the heart of Europe &amp; lay the foundations for the kind of govt the country needs, with Jeremy Corbyn at No 10.
It is impossible for Brexit to pass at the moment, 91 Conservative MPs are against the Agreement
JC has a mandate in the LP to renationalise water, energy, rail etc &amp; restore the NHS to a publicly provided service. I understand being in the EU can stop this. At the other end a hard brexit = NHS handover to US corps &amp; May refuses to rule this out. JC is playing this well.
Westminster is englands parliament , i think the treatment of scotland during brexit negotiations has shown that
Regardless, Britain is out of the bloody EU. There can re-negotiations at a later time. I am just glad that we are out. This heir in waiting in the line of succession approves of a speedy brexit. Thanks
BUT PETER! HOW DO WE GET TO NEVERLAND BECAUSE THE WORLD IS SHITE AND I WANT TO GET OFF BECAUSE YOU DIDNT TELL ME BREXIT WAS A THING AND A WOTSIT WOULD RULE AMERICA
Leave the EU????? Why would ANYONE vote for that? It would be insane. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
I'm Irish, and I have no respect for Irish people who think like that. Varadkar should look out for Irish self interest, which means making Brexit work great for everyone, not siding with those who want to "punish" the UK.
Scathing...
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues? - ABC News (via )
Have said since Day 1 that there is no economic argument for BREXIT. I believe that you are a Remainer so we have common ground. It's time good people took a stand and brought this farce to an end.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Is the Paulo Arrigo in your story today by any chance a member of the Liberal Democrats, and if so, should your story have said so?
Like all those celebs who said they will leave Britain/USA if Brexit/Trump won.
Do you you think Brexit deal will be approved by the parliament? #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Excellent! Your dirty corrupt experiment has been exposed. You have no place.
This weeks #strictly2018 public vote is exactly why we shouldn’t have public votes.... #brexit
I voted stay but the majority purely based it on immigration not everything else, they didnt even consider most of the other stuff. Its fubar in the uk
Remainers have threatened almost every disaster in the book. They are not making me fear Leaving the EU. They are making me look forward even more to the day we are free. I just can't wait to leave without a deal.
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out
The bloodthirsty EU will be preparing their troops once they've built up their empire. Being as has just betrayed #Brexit and agreed to join the EU's army it probably won't be long. Not in my name
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona "The worst news that May has ever had to confront is that the past two-and-a-half years were the easy bit."
Absolute must read thread from , thanks Steve for taking the time to put this together, you speak for a lot of people who have been without a voice for a long time. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #PeoplesVote
....but at the moment #Labour policy is to support #brexit :(
A TV debate that May might just win.
some night time reading
Vote it down, government will stop a no deal exit, the people get a say, and no Brexit! Simple, sanity largely restored except to the insane extreme Brexiters who will never do what's best for the country.
I am absolutely gutted the #UK is leaving the EU. I will never, ever accept #Brexit, whether it happens or not. I will never accept the loss of my right to freedom of movement. I feel ashamed to be British. What a backwards nation. #bresistance #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Sell-out protects barbaric trade of sending live animals abroad for slaughter
I liked a video A Verdade Sobre o Brexit (2018)
The ppl most pleased with Brexit are Russia, the Arabs, China.. a weakened EU &amp; Britain is to THEIR advantage!
Theresa May claims there is no alternative to her Brexit deal. There is. Dump the deal. Dump Theresa May. Dump the Tories and Labour which is even worse. Revoke Article 50. Remain members of the EU.
Russian money in the tory party+ influence on brexit more of an issue.
Pretty heartbreaking.
- “ #brexit is nothing but a fast on the #British people &amp; at man kind as a whole-! “ The vote was hardly informative 2 say the lease-! People were feared into it by the endless news feeds on the Cali-camps, pre Brexit &amp; now again if by magic-
No Brexit
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out
So in your opinion what are the specific tangible benefits of #Brexit to NI? The farmers say sheep, lamb and likely dairy farming in NI will be finished if there’s no deal. We will also lose EU peace funding &amp; if there’s a hard Irish border, checks will finish off many exporters.
Nice to know brexit means brexit on I’m a celeb #imaceleb
Why not stay in and ditch BREXIT
TRAITOR
If you want to stop Brexit, if that's your overriding priority, the only way is through unrelenting pressure on the governing party. Attacking Corbyn is a waste of time and energy, or evidence that you don't really care about Brexit, except as a reason to attack Corbyn.
have you read this rebuttal? If not perhaps you should.
So 's 'private' polling says only 21% of ALL--i.e. never mind Labour--voters think the tangible Brexit on offer is worse than #Remain. You wish to win a GE. Should you, contrary to your line during the #EURef, continue to talk Brexity? 1/2
Bob Seely is fully behind Brexit. Brexit is a Russian plot to break up the country according to Carole Cadwalladr. Carole Cadwalladr is therefore Russian agent, whether she knows it or not. I'm extremely clever, now give me a column in the Observer.
You can still want Brexit for other ideological reasons, but disagreeing with facts is called being wrong.
Three weekend poems: 1. Song For Susan 2. Red Pepper, November 2018 (about Brexit) 3. When Looked Back Upon #poetry #amwriting #writerscommunity #poem
Jacob you moved your business, to Ireland, to stay within the EU We need a #PeoplesVote
True. The powers that are stupid wanted ww3. We can stop it. There is a spiritual theory that certain people were born in the 70s - 90s to defend the earth, and to defend people against a war. Not with hate or fighting, but with intelligence and counter measures. So don't worry.
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for #Brexit deal
Thank you. At least someone gets what I’m saying, fight together or risk splitting the vote and losing to Brexit. It’s not rocket science.
Correction: her before party and country
OMG......oxygen will be next!
Professor McGonagall is a metaphor for Brexit
Britpop didn't cause Brexit but it's definitely making it worse
What happens to our employment rights post #Brexit in Theresa May’s deal?
Congrats from Madrid, Dana! ;-)
Spock sums up the stark reality about the state of Brexit Britain.
Not at all. If it goes through in its present form, it guarantees the end of closer political union. And if it doesn’t, well we get the Brexit I wished for after the EU demonstrated they were unreformable. Win win
European Union OKs Brexit; now it’s up to Britain
Wondering why BoJo supports #Brexit? The answer is animal welfare.
No deal...oooh yes please
Trying to find some serious opposition to this Tory #Brexit on this 'ere Treasure Island !
Nor will older generations
With mueller about to confess that no Russian collusion, the Torries (UK) in a mess over Brexit and the French about to revolt, I sense a distraction was urgently needed.
I would have said yes but given Jeremy's inaction on brexit I am no longer a member.
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn
One person I know; who has been Labour members since the late 60s. No longer campaigns for Labour; local to him. Because of Corbyn's support for the BREXIT process over the last two years. I doubt he would. Until Corbyn leaves office. Perhaps it's simply too late for Labour.
Kinda makes me feel bad about all my Brexit-fretting.
Today is a damn mess.
To be fair, he’s not a patch on..
Soubry's a duplicitous fraud. Never wanted Brexit (fair enough) but willing now to use any convenient argument to achieve the ends she failed to get in 2016. And wants to cavil &amp; restrict outcomes within a tiny framework of possibilities to suit her purposes. Basely untrustworthy
Labour are in coalition with Tories in Scotland. Corbyn deliberately targeted SNP seats, NOT Tory seats. Labour are pro-Brexit. Labour are pro-Trident. Labour’s manifesto agrees with 70% of Tory austerity cuts.
You cannot be this dim. There is nothing of #Brexit here at all unless and until Treason May secures a trade deal in the next phase. Bearing in mind that she has no idea how to do that, and the EU don't want one (why would they with terms like these?) = vassal state
Rubbish. Betrayal. This is not a deal it is a capitulation. In truth it was always planned by this remainer Prime Minister and her remainer government - this is not Brexit
. Given specific proof of outright lying, ignores. May insists is delivering Brexit we voted for. Delusional
But she speaks with forked tongue - and we all know it. There's nothing to be done but to Stop Brexit.
European Union has approved a Brexit deal with Britain
Brexit in a nutshell...
Express more your bag?
Your characterisation orderly Brexit v political chaos is false, supports May’s narrative:support this deal or else.There’re other options &amp; politicians should have guts to stand firm, do what they know to be right.This is bad deal for UK &amp; must be rejected not accepted from fear
EU, UK Approve Brexit Divorce Deal; Now Comes The Hard Part | Zero Hedge
Sums it up nicely... well for today anyway
Imagine the vote was reversed 52%remain 48% leave Currently remain say we are not listening to the concerns of them ( 16M ) ans demand a Soft brexit or better still another go. So if the vote was opp would you listen to 16 M leavers no you woudnt
WHAT! Not the ones leading this treacherous deal. What happened to the 600 civil servants that were considered pro brexit that Olly Robbins had removed?
That man is not my kith and kin I am deeply ashamed... #shame #Englishman #UnitedKingdom #Remainer #England #Wales #NorthernIreland ´#Scotland #Brexit
British PM May calls on lawmakers to back Brexit deal
If were anti-brexit would be sacked ages ago and we wouldn't be in such a mess !
Dearly wish you could see that Scottish independence is not nationalism as you seem to understand it , it's about joining the supranational EU as an equal partner in cooperation, it's in direct contrast to the populism of the #brexit , Trump , Cambridge Analytica movement
And talks of nothing but the usual...himself,,,where's he going to be adored as himself...unfit candidates,,, lies when he breathes,
More than three million people have signed a petition for a second referendum. That's straight from the horses mouth. You like horses, right?
All a charade. If Parliament votes it down, they plot to reverse Brexit and persuade us to stay in. They think we are all as stupid as they are.
Oh you’ve got it bad We don’t need a trade deal !! There’s not a country in the world that doesn’t want a trade deal with largest trading bloc on earth When will u realise brexit means losing sovereignty not gaining it
Carefully worded by Mr Juncker. If this is the best deal it makes a point. It's not that May brought back a 'bad deal' but that implication of crushing disappointment. What was it all for if Brexit doesn't get any better than this? It's an invitation to vote the deal down.
#DearMrPresident I've been waiting for someone to pull the thread that will unravel the Trump/Brexit/Russia carpet. Hopefully, this will be it. #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #TraitorInChief #Putinspuppet
Yes I’m going to be looking for true brexit parties for my next electoral vote.
European Union Approves U.K. Brexit Divorce Deal
UK would run out of clean water within days of No Deal Brexit, Michael Gove believes
It’s Corbyn sitting on the fence as always supporting brexit but crumbs of hope to remainers! He should remember that before the Election he was considered a joke leader and the Party facing decimation! Unlikely remain bedfellows voted labour as more EU friendly C beware
A hard brexit or the NHS. We can’t have both.
This government advert for ’s deal is the first thing popping up for anyone googling ‘Brexit’, ‘Brexit deal’ or similar other coming days. (Great spot by )
Back the Brexit Deal, Lucille Give the People FinalSay, Ray Are you sure you want a Hard Brexit, Rex - it does seem rather damaging #50WaysToLeaveTheEU #SacktheBrexitDeal #BackTheBrexitDeal
Some of this is outright lies. Much of this is about possible outcomes from a future trade deal and is by no means assured. And this "We will be out of the EU’s Charter of Fundamental Rights, recognising the UK’s long track record in protecting human rights" - is frightening.
maybe a read before you collude in spectacular sell out. Matrin However QC's legal opinion of what you support
&gt; "what the British people want..." - - "How The EU Really Works For YOU!... - #Brexit #Fbpe #Abtv #Ofoc #Waton #UKIP #Brino #Remain #FinalSay #PeoplesVote -
It’s sad to see all the bitter, twisted moaners on here. Why don’t you start believing in Brexit and the Deal, instead of constantly talking us down? The deal hasn’t even been enacted yet, so it would be v undemocratic to stop it before it happens! Believe in Britain!!!
I agree with everything Tony Blair said this morning about #Brexit on #Marr this morning. Worth reading 's brilliant piece too.
Tell that to "Fence Sitters anonymous" AKA "The Opposition Front Bench". It saddens me to see you being "led" by such a bunch of backward looking xenophobes. #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
Thank you Macron! Now MPs need to take back control and rid us of this tiresome deal (ala Henry IIs knights)! #brexit
Talks like everything in Europe is rosy! Northern Europe is OK, but Southern Europe is a mess! Look at Italy, Greece in fact anywhere that makes Olive Oil... BTW, that is first time I’ve seen Juncker sober in months! #Brexit
Do you agree that Mrs May's propaganda is, at best, misleading?
Bloody hell, this is crucial. Damming of refusal to accept illegalities of #Brexit.
Excellent thread on New Labour's shameful, and ultimately Tory and UKIP assisting, policies on immigration. Undoubtedly responsible at least in part for mainstreaming recent racism. What a gallery of rogues: Blair, Blunkett, Reid, Clarke and Smith
Interview with MP on being a Brexit rebel and her early career as Central TV chat show host. Monday
The world is falling apart #Brexit #USA but I still sit watching strictly drinking wine
Another 2018 picture
Brexit: Theresa May's 'letter to the Britain' in f...
There will be no United Kingdom. #indyref2 #Brexit
Just think how bad this whole brexit thing would be if we didn't have Twitter.
Strange tweet for someone who advocates making them worse,as brexit surely will.
Brexit battle continues as May sells deal to parliament
Everything the country will lose is because people voted for brexit. We lose because of brexit. We were never going to get anything we already had.
This is my scenario after Brexit,us completely isolated and they come a knocking.
Don't be surprised, May hasn't said anything in 2 years. Just a lot of waffle about strong and stable this and we believe in a strong that and Brexit means Brexit but I still don't even know what it actually means 2 years later. And so on.
STFU.
Come back all is forgiven. The irony of this is that is he was elected by Labour instead of his brother we wouldn’t be right here, right now facing #Brexit.
How will this work if Brexit happens? Do we not go ahead with this, or take the cash as we wave bye bye?
fair, although I think the Labour leadership have been playing the same game on brexit all along, and when the plp called them on it it got described as a wicked 'coup'. You can't blame them for treading carefully after that
I can’t say how bad I feel having been suckered into believing that and were going to deliver Brexit (No deal is better...etc) This must be the lowest point in the history of our nation.
Theresa May‘s letter ... will it convince anybody ? #Brexit
The best deal for EU27 is what’s been negotiated, which is not renegotiable. UK can’t leave EU without a deal because it would breach international settlements. Parliament must either vote to accept EU deal or #Remain in EU
#BREXIT DON'T POST THERESA MAY NOOB
Analysis: Macron’s blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
There are over 500,000 new eligible voters now than in 2016. Why do they need to accept the #BREXIT deal or BREXIT at all and not be giving the opportunity to take-part in a final vote? ~ Why is democracy set in stone and the stone crushes the right to new votes? ~
That wee tory poof
No thank you. We have been conned once. Not again. If we don’t get a proper Brexit I will never vote again. For anyone.
Arise, Sir John: knighted Tory MP still won't back May's deal
Think the biggest danger would be a no deal Brexit... I do actually feel sorry for her and kind of admire her for not giving up in a very twisted kind of way. Think the best think would be to reform the EU all together.
That's why voting to leave was such a gamble - great brexit always a myth
'There goes Gibraltar, then. Like a last-minute-of-extra-time winning goal in an England-Spain World Cup final' #BrexitShambles
Their main concern is they don't want to be part of a German dominated European Empire. Strange that you and Hitler shared the same goal. But each to his own #Brexit
Metro: Brexit: Take it or leave it #tomorrowspaperstoday
What’s truly stunning about this article is the fact that Farage is considered kind of *normal* in the UK. Most of the world would consider him a hard right xenophobe... Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Good Evening Brexit: Scotland - Didn't vote for it. Northern Ireland - Didn't vote for it. Thats 2/4. In a vote of the the 4 home Nations, the result was split. There is no United Kingdom Mandate to leave the EU #Useless
"I don’t mean to display the smallest trace of sympathy when I say that people who brought us Brexit hid their secrets from themselves as much as others. They are as guilty of failing face their own motives and contradictions as of deceiving the country."
Thanks you traitor
Well these are traitors anyway so they think they will be forgotten but they wrong
I agree with everything Tony Blair said about #Brexit on #Marr this morning. Worth reading 's brilliant piece too.
When this shitshow is over I will remember all of the “it’s done. Can’t be changed. Stop banging on” comments from so many people
May challenges Corbyn to televised Debate on Brexit deal - Telegraph Tin Ear meets Tin Man How on earth has it - in the broader sense - come to this. Bring on the Ostrogoths and Visigoths, sack the whole damnable lot. #brexit #BackTheBrexitDeal #MayMustGo #maybot #JC4PM
'take MPs at their word'... that's your elemental mistake.
should start to understand that his boss Mrs May has not fulfilled her promises of #Brexit. British people don't like being talked down to as if they don't understand! #Politics
Oh, that's not fair play. But maybe he can do the same magic as regards the reversal of #Brexit? Just more people this time, please.
The Independent: Voters in most vulnerable Tory seats back fresh Brexit referendum, major study finds.
Increase in interest rates ,we can only hope but I doubt it
Brexit: EU leaders BACK Theresa May's deal in Brussels
If she’d paid the slightest attention to the 48% who voted against Brexit, the 5 million denied a vote or acknowledged closeness of the result of the original referendum was, it might be more reasonable for Mrs May to ask people to get behind her dreadful deal. But she didn’t!
Excellent, let’s hope he stands by his word unlike May
Yes, I like it - #bollockstobrexit. 'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Who needs an Irish backstop? Idroids on the South-side, Britdroids on the North-side. Sorted. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos
don't believe she wants a debate,,
Good. Useless anyway.
"Let us stand not against migrants, but in unapologetic solidarity with them. They give so much to our economy, culture and way of life." David Lammy, British Labour MP
Beyond Brexit. Now!!! #brexit #brexitDeal
I would say this is a brilliant presentation of #Brexit as farce but then that's pretty much what Brexit has actually meant all along. Still, this is genius and worth a look.
I struggle to envisage any kind of political scenario that:- 1) Manages to agree an article 50 extension with the EU, AND; 2) Manages to pass legislation for a second referendum with ‘Remain’ on the paper, AND; 3) Politically settles the issue of Brexit for the foreseeable future
Click #BREXIT #BrexitAgreement #BrexitShambles
Interesting Brexit stuff -The Political Declaration doesnt save UK from trap of the Withdrawal Agreement
What will the future hold? #Brexit #deadendforoptimism #anAustrianInEngland #2moreyearstogo
A “Labour” MP who has spent two years supporting far right Tory Brexiters does not deserve to use the party name. Go join UKIP. Brexit will harm the working class most.
I cannot breathe
Or... Russian Navy fires on Ukrainian Navy, on the day EU navel-gazing reached new depths over the Brexit deal.
EU leaders back Brexit deal – but there’s danger ahead for Theresa May’s plan - News Editors' Picks
I hope Brexit doesn’t ruin British shows
It was foolish to imagine there was ever going to be a good deal or positive outcome to brexit so she can join the 52% of fools that make up the rest of the country.
Brilliant news. She’s talked it to death and now can show off that practice against someone with no actual stance. Best way to explain the deal to the public too. #Brexit
That task made negotiating a brexit deal look easy #satire #imacelebrity2018
Sheesh, another childhood hero thing turns sour...I wish I hadn't discovered this article
My reaction todays Brexit deal results after a 20 month wait.
#FarageInTheGarage Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
EU finally seals Brexit deal; urges Britons to back PM May
the Torys own Brexit, let them own it.
Remain would have won if the Labour leader had campaigned for it with the same vigour as he did in 2017.
Interesting comment by admitted brexit supporter Chric Wylie. Christopher Wylie: Why I broke the Facebook data story – and what should happen now
‘theoretically possible but highly improbable’ is irrelevant - you’re telling people there’s only one way and that’s it’s not possible - this is not true
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
The universal trollabilty of brexit is one of its definite upsides.
Thank you . What about this? Could be tricky, non? #remainernow.
Christ on a unicycle! The level of single digit IQ bollocks spouted by the #brexidiots on this thread...
DUMP #LABOUR QUISLINGS NOW: #Brexit blocking #Labour in secret talks with People’s Vote backing SECOND REFERENDUM ... actively seeking to thwart the will of the working class
It's no field of wheat. That's for sure.
Only for bad Brexit deals.
Vitally, Kennedy also resisted the temptation to abstain in the key vote, [..] “If I’ve got it wrong, I go,” he told me at the time. “What I’m not doing is playing both sides. People who oppose this war have got to know I’m with them, not on the fence.”
Brexit Plan Towers High as UK Agrees on Spain’s Gibraltar Demand
second, continuing to attack Labour and Corbyn when brexit is the direct result of inner Tory party politics
Fantastic podcast connects dots of evil actors in Brexit/Trump. Why our world has been turned upside down.
Ah But as far as I can understand there will be a shortage of Bullshit spoken by our government if we leave with no deal
When will Corbynista's finally realise that the last thing the Tory party will do is call a General Election they know they will lose?? With its reticence on #Brexit the Labour party may not even manage a majority, but the Cons *know* they will lose further seats.
Excellent thread.
I always vote but will for a pro brexit independent if necessary. Our great exlabour Mp is proBrexit, he has had to become an independent.
Don't you feel sad and betrayed that you are doing more towards stopping Brexit and getting a fresh vote than your leaders are? No video spin is going to change the perception your leader has made on record, repeatedly. Tell JC, that being coy is only acceptable while flirting.
I see they've settled on this equation as the cobweb justification – 2nd option being unthinkable, 3rd obviously not on the table a few weeks hence – for throwing their squalid weight behind dishonest Windrush lady.
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out
You are hopeless. There will be no other deal. This is it. The problem is Brexit. A good Brexit deal is a contradiction in terms.
'If I was a British citizen I would be deeply sad when imagining the life of my grandchildren'' says . Well I am a British citizen and I AM deeply sad when imagining the life of my grandchildren outside of the #EuropeanUnion
Mr. Jeremy Corbyn: Jeremy Corbyn please recognise the true cost of Brexit. - Sign the Petition! via Don't let Mrs. May decide for us!
Scotland's #Health Service is threatened by #Westminster's determination to seize it and sell it to the Americans in sleazy #Brexit trade deals.
Jesus, just realise it’s a fucking joke. The country is sliding blindly into the shittest brexit situation possible and all we’re getting from the left is anger that we don’t hate people less to the left than Corbyn enough.
Pleased that Council supported my motion. RT Brexit comes with a further health warning from the Royal College of GPs today There is no version of #Brexit that will benefit the NHS, Social Care, research or public health …
So true. I really don’t want to go down with them though.
I'm with Ann on this. Totally embarrassing.
If you are going to write to your local paper, CC your MP and why not the PM. Anything we can do to refute the idea that we are happy for the government to ‘just get on with’ this duff Brexit deal! 7/
How many traitors can muster before the 10th of December? THE GREAT #BREXIT BETRAYAL !
I don't want to be in a political union with those doing massive natural gas deals with Russia whilst underfunding NATO and planning a pan-continental army. May is entrenching our defence policy within an expansionist group of corrupt megalomaniacs. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
Both #remainers and #Brexit supporters, and those that only have a passing interest (they do exist!), just think the #EU #deal is weird and surreal. WTF is overused but ppl are looking down at their drinks going "uhh?"
We unite by leaving the EU as a United Kingdom, not by endless rounds of negotiations and giving away everything we have one piece at a time "to make progress towards leaving" but never actually leaving.
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Did you see Katherine from on this evening's #DragonsDen? Listen to our interview with her from last year, in which we explore her business ethic, Brexit, health, tea and balancing being an entrepreneur with being mum.
I do not believe she's still touting the£ 300 Million for the NHS it's never going to happen, we won't be able to afford £3,
Anti-Brexit activists ‘destroy’ Brexit deal metres from Brussels summit
Liar your letter is so full of untruths how can you live with yourself after this
Brexit.
Why was New Labour an absolute piece of shit? This thread holds ONE answer (there are oh, so many more)
Shameful. Does not realise he is losing votes of the young, remainers, and those sick of his deceit and lies about Brexit. He’s made Labour unelectable.
Yea screw brexit let’s go into another illegal war instead
Hopefully we can all now move forward #UK #thefuture
So long as Nigel can make it a threesome, I'm game.
Britons never never shall be slaves. Might be the EU's pet poodles mind. #Brexit
I would like us to have a referendum on the “deal”. If that referendum were to reject both it and Brexit, I’d be happy. If it were to endorse the deal or a “no deal” Brexit, I’d be sad, but content that at least the decision was an informed one this time.
have you read this rebuttal? If not I suggest you do before encouraging support for May's "deal"
"Allow me to start at the bottom with the little creatures who scurry British conservatism’s fake grassroots, for that is where it began. The very name “TaxPayers’ Alliance” is a kind of trick. The alliance isn’t the “grassroots campaign” it claims to be."
“The only deal possible?” One that ends freedom of movement for EU citizens? That’s the deal that's impossible given the present Treaties. Economies that insist on disrespecting freedom of movement don't get to deal.
UK formally triggers Brexit process. (via )
Looks like some ..a lot of...money is needed here also..might do the trick
EU's only Plan B is preparing no-deal Brexit: official
Femi now realising how our pro remain Gov't work and how the corrupt EU work? Not sure why it took so long for the penny to drop but there is always a space in our Brexit, full clean Brexit ranks for you me old son!
He's got form on this.
May’s letter to public riddled with untruths and half-truths #Brexit #EU
May Writes 'Letter to the Nation' Begging for Brexit Deal Support
Haven't we suffered enough?
For the record, he rarely swears.
Back the Brexit Deal, Lucille Give the People FinalSay, Ray Are you sure you want a Hard Brexit, Rex - it does seem rather damaging? #50WaysToLeaveTheEU #SacktheBrexitDeal #BackTheBrexitDeal
If he was sober,he wouldn't know what colour his shoes were. Drunken old SL*g.
Labour front benchers stood up and parroted the lie that 85% of voters in the last General Election voted for parties that supported #Brexit proving it truly was the "will of the people".
Written and told her how bad it and BrExit are and that she ought to stop lying and seeking to con and bully the public.
And Wales? Or do we not count?
Have a slug of anger and a dash of shame to go with it:
Shocking reminder of 'New Labour' policies on immigration and asylum. Blair has the front to show his face on , wasn't asked about his Saudi money (there's a surprise), as if his opinion counts for anything, end rant, read this thread
Boris: “We should vote down the deal, junk the backstop, recover our self-belief and go for SuperCanada – and we will thrive mightily.”
EU to UK: Lose-lose Brexit deal is best you will get
Brexit means Brexit.fackin foren cunts taking ar jobs
Because that’s the only Brexit option now on the table, a deliberate joint EU/UK outcome IMO
Reading that brexit was NEVER about immigration.
What happens next?
Ukraine and Syria provocation will distruct People and Psrliament from Brexit Treason
Painful or pointless - which #Brexit do you want?
BBC News - Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
Boris Johnson compares Theresa May’s ‘humiliating’ Brexit deal to TITANIC and calls on UK not to pay £39billion divorce bill Bit rich this. Johnson and his cronies are steering the ship towards the iceberg. He and his rich mates all have a lifeboat.
‘theoretically possible but highly improbable’ is irrelevant - you’re telling people there’s only one way and that it’s not possible - this is not true
Ford was an MEP during the referendum- the Guardian has her down as Remain:
It was a betrayal and they won't be fooled again, not by a Labour front bench that still believes it can negotiate a better deal and deliver their own brand of #Brexit.
It is impossible for Brexit to pass at the moment, 91 Conservative MPs are against the Agreement -
Whether you voted leave or remain, write to your MP and demand a - tell them why you want another say, why this Brexit deal is bad news. Your MP's name/address at
For the last 17 yrs, I have voted Conservative. Since 2016, I have never felt so let down. I have no idea who I will vote for next. Brexit has caused family rows, mine included. I voted to Leave, my nephew’s 18th was too late, he would have voted Remain. My son chose not to vote.
I suspect it’s a Brexit thing....
Hahahaha!!! He'd wipe the floor with the #MayBot pmfsl
The quitters are literally destroying our country. They're idiots, dangerous idiots. #Brexit #Gibraltar
"Diplomatic Convention" is Deals don't exist in "presumed" vaccumes bc "nature abhors a vaccume." This Deal "presumes" Ratification, whereas Convention partitions "Diplomatic Congress" from "Statecraft Brinkmanship" &amp; the partition is patent. :| #Brexit
Is he sober
IMO the deal will be voted down, but parliament will also do everything in its power to prevent a no deal. We'll end up with either a super soft (SM+CU) brexit or a 2nd referendum - who knows what the result of that would be!
This absolutely appalling. It show what mindset these brexit people are coming from. Bodes very badly for a future Britain made in their image.
Apparently we brits aren't even safe because of brexit. Even when it's passed and we leave Europe, article 13 still affects us.
Guy needs help to get his poll out of its echo chamber.
They may win the most seats, but I foresee that they won't win an outright majority - and who can they go into a coalition with? All the other parties are anti #Brexit.
You're a pillock. trump is doing a sh*t job. And Brexit is going to destroy your country so enjoy that, bigot.
I think fair play England and voting for Brexit. If Ireland had a vote I would vote to leave the E.U. Merkel has ruined the eu it’s what Germany says goes. Ye our politicians have lost yer balls and have become yes men.
Dear Mr Adonis, While I understand the spirit of your post. Comparing the Brexit deal negotiation with the Munich Agreement is perhaps a bit tactless: and I'm sure you don't think that the EU is Hitler.
They’ve painted themselves into a corner, pretty soon it will be a hard Brexit for all the UK or Remain. Both would leave NI aligned with UK
If you want to waste your vote on the likes of #UKIP, more power to you. I don’t believe Corbyn wants to stop Brexit, but there seems to be a lot of momentum behind the People’s Vote in Labour. Given all the unanswered questions, Article 50 needs to be rescinded to stop the clock
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Well yes, but that's not quite what happened here. I didn't vote Leave because I particularly wanted a hard Brexit or a soft one. Or to be in or out of the customs union. I voted for Brexit, not for any particular type of Brexit.
Dope can’t burn one of the most flammable things on earth. Indicative of this process as a whole
Stand up for freedom.
"Tony Blair and Matteo Renzi, agreed that the migration issue had posed significant...
BREXIT LIVE: Deal DEAD on eve of EU summit as DUP says it WILL vote against Theresa May
Don't hold your breath Nadeem she's a nasty rabid Corbyn hater.
The logical course of action is for Labour to be pushing for a #PeoplesVote with an option to #Remain first, and then a General Election when #Brexit is stopped second. I can't see that happening with Corbyn (especially with Seamus Milne at his side)
I’m sorry, but as a Party Member, I am ashamed of my Leader’s deceit. She knows full well that Spain can veto any aspect of any trade deal she negotiates after Brexit, unless they get further concessions on Gibraltar. It’s jut another deceitful sellout.
#Brexit #BrexitReality #Belfast #DUP #Ireland Now it's UK's fortune. Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal
Top guy!
Click #BREXIT #BrexitAgreement #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
Scotland won't be joining the EU. It will start its independence outside the EU due to Brexit and the desire for free trade and free movement with rUK (biggest trading partner) will dictate that Scotland will remain outside the EU so long as rUK is outside EU.
Is Macron a pirate now too, demanding fish from another countries waters. Should we have Calais then?
Exactly. She has nothing you lose. Because this isn't her #Brexit, for HER benefit. It's supposedly what is best for the People. So now we are where we are she really must take this back to the people for #PeoplesVote
If we protected the individual rights of people and could actually respect human life, there would be no Brexit now. There would be confusion and dishonesty with the poorest empowering the wealthiest and most selfish.
Wondering if the Paulo Arrigo, mentioned here as an organiser of an anti-Brexit bus touring the constituencies of Theresa May, Boris Johnson and, er, Jeremy Corbyn, is the Paolo Arrigo who recently stood as a candidate for the Liberal Democrats
Channel 5 currently showing an excellent documentary on the potential consequences of Brexit.
You’re so wrong. It’s a terrible deal and obviously so. No effort was made to actually negotiate! (2 Brexit Ministers resigned). You must go with the rest of the dross that supports this Conservative Party member and voter for 35 yrs. Never again
Why don’t we all wait until the big boys and girls, who get paid to do it, suss it all out. We will then find out what we need to do. #dontwasteenergyonsomethingyoucantchange #brexit
Brexit - giving away everything we had to regain all of those things we had never lost.
Do that and you’ll get my vote, and I’m a Tory member. However, with pro-Brussels voices like in the party, how could we trust Labour to deliver a genuine Brexit.
Is big chaos coming up ?
lets play brexit instead of doing something!!
That’s not true. Arron Banks, Nigel Farage, Jackob Rees-Mog &amp; co are all rich elites. They want Brexit, and have pushed for it relentlessly. They don’t care about you and me one bit.
Hmmmm...he may be so. However, what this does, is squarely place the world's ills at the feet of liberals. That's not just wrong, it's false BS. Brexit is a referendum. The Labor Party is charged with executing that however, whatever they feel about it.
I agree with you to a certain extent. As for Brexit though.That's another matter, I haven't changed my opinion. I want out of it. But i've exhausted this debate already. Trump however I neither like or loath.
She’s very good at saying what we want or don’t want considering she doesn’t want to ask us!
That's my understanding too. In a no deal situation there will have to be many bi-lateral agreements negotiated. The idea of having to get a visa for work (a reciprocal arrangement no doubt) shouldn't be a block to Brexit.
Dear Gerard Batten, by appointing Tommy Robinson as one of your special advisors, you have hastened your own demise and the dreaded return of Nigel Farage to mainstream politics. No one is thanking you. #PeoplesVote #FBPE #Brexit #BREAKING
Did Not Visit Dover Once During His Time As Brexit Secretary. (Though he did set out to go there a few times...). #Brexit via
Utter bullshit. Democracy means ability to agreeably change things which cause social ills like poverty. It does not mean committing to something forever knowing it will cause poverty. If I lose my job due to Brexit, shall I feed my kids with Sovereignty?
#Brexit, three words.
The migration aspect is about numbers not races and imported dependency &amp; criminality. If you have a problem with the logic of managed migration then that is your problem. Stop projecting your issues with Brexit on other people &amp; their legitimate concerns.
Time for a change, and I don't mean Brexit. Let's start looking at some alternatives. Who are these guys. Are they really talking sense or is it just everyone else talking tosh? #renerwparty
#Spain and France expose brutal reality of #Brexit for #UK
My reaction to today's Brexit deal results after a 20 month wait.
russ openly fires upon ukraine, brexit deal is a mess at last moment, and southern border is shut down. triple crown. monday should be interesting. along with various responses to political realism
#Labour plays waiting game over second #Brexit referendum
“It is most regrettable that the government is not trying to sell the deal on its merits, but is seeking to take advantage of legal complexities to misrepresent the legal effects of the agreement on this critical point as well as others.”
Sprat to catch many Mackerel's Macron warning on fishing rights as EU backs May’s Brexit deal
“The Brexit deal is simply a damn-fool plan drawn up in response to the result of a referendum involving lies, illegality and foreign interference.” I couldn't agree more! See the full comment piece here:
What is even happening with #Brexit at this point?
I wouldn't trust England...just saying...&amp; Brexit remain a betrayal to us(Europe)...&amp; it's a door to break the EU...more then ever we must be careful here in Europe...&amp; think at our own interests...we lost precious time with Brexit...
May will do anything to get her Brexit deal through.
The Brexit Vote was Based upon Blatant Lies and Therefor illegal The Tax Haven bank account holders pushed it through regardless.
FACTS: Referendum w/out all facts right (NHS, Irish Border, ...); #Brexit won; #Backstop in place to fix #Ireland issue; #Remainers &amp; #Brexiters agree on BAD agreement In #Democracy #Brexit won, in #Democracy #UK voters should decide something #FACTUAL, REFERENDUM this agreement!
If this poll is representative then it shows that many have changed their minds as a result of being better informed of the reality of #brexit following the lies and misinformation put out during the referendum. Time for #PeoplesVote !
YUp, Macron is already after fishing rights and May will cave-in as usual. This is a disaster.
Ha ha ha......Foxtrot Oscar you balloon.
I vote for no brexit. Let's take back control!
#Brexit May is already making her case before the referendum and her 'deal' will be one of the choices. She's off to a head start while Corbyn ditherer.
Trump is expecting bad news from Mueller so he is encouraging and instigating a crisis any way he can, anywhere in the world #Russia #Mexico #Border #Mississippi #MSSen #Clinton foundation
Skilled workers beware. They'll be bringing in cheaper skilled workers to replace you from all over the World soon. #Brexit
#BREXIT PLEASE DON'T POST THERESA MAY
I feel if Brexit doesn't happen we may as well commit to the fin de siecle vibe and allow duelling in the European parliament. If it's good enough for Count Tisza it's good enough for Guy Verhofstadt.
Isn't the more substantial argument that Corbyn has anaesthetised Remain support since 2016? The reluctance of Lab Remainers to seem disloyal to Corbyn (&amp; the intellectual agonies of the "Love Corbyn, Hate Brexit" crew) has been striking &amp; hard to imagine under any other leader.
It is impossible for Brexit to pass at the moment, 91 Conservative MPs are against the Agreement
Just read the PM's letter ""It will be a deal that is in our national interest - one that works for our whole country and all of our people, whether you voted 'Leave' or 'Remain'." How can it work for me when I didn't want to leave ? Brexit - the clusterfuck beyond clusterfucks
My actual choice is No Brexit, but I'll go for the 2nd vote if that's not on offer.
The EU statement said a fisheries agreement should be negotiated “well before” the end of the planned two-year transition period #Brexit
This is what the UK needs, not the capitulation that will be voted down by Parliament in the next few weeks. #CleanBrexit #RealBrexit #TrueBrexit #Brexit
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
stuffs the UK!
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms
The migration aspect is about numbers not races and imported dependency &amp; criminality. If you have a problem with the logic of managed migration then that is your problem. Stop projecting your issues with Brexit on other people &amp; their legitimate concerns.
Will Hutton:many to blame for today. But one ineradicable fact remains. If Labour had any other leader but Jeremy Corbyn since 2015 Brexit would not have played out as it has. Millions now struggle to sustain their loyalty. The coalition that is Labour has never felt so fragile.
Martin Howe QC's legal analysis of the Brexit deal (which he called 'atrocious') attracted the attention of Downing Street. Today he responds to No 10's 'rebuttal':
Yes, that is the question - JC has 'form'. He was Brexit before JRM was in silk nappies.
Kind of. Hard Brexit at the time morphed into No Deal. Since most didn't understand that a process for negotiation existed.
We the voting forgotten public didn't vote for plan A or B we voted out its only Treason May that has a problem with that everyone else is on the same page
#Brexit divorce is absolute but #TheresaMay now faces a mammoth task
May wants us to get behind Brexit. I didn't vote for it, don't want it and don't believe in it so she can stick up her arse.
#Brexit divorce is absolute but #TheresaMay now faces a mammoth task
Given the news it might be time to share this clip of an amazing drag act that combined Brexit with the film Labyrinth. might have to remind of this fantastic performer’s name.
Not so dark here, "Sir" Finney. Got heat on, Nick Cave on, had Sunday lunch, just finished a novel. I think it's cruel Brexiteers having the dark time, as they see their false ideological vision falling, &amp; their young kids/friends having a much worse life if Brexit ever passes.
Russian Navy fires on Ukrainian Navy, on the day EU navel-gazing reaches new depths over the Brexit deal.
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not #Brexit #Uk #Eu
The EU Has Approved Theresa May's Brexit Deal. Now What?
I don't blame ordinary people for believing that immigration drives down wages. I blame the propagandists, who spread the lie and suppress evidence that counters it. Theresa May didn't campaign for Brexit, but she laid its foundations.
If only Brexit were all. And yet...You're still a tory Ms Soubry. Not buying your 'epiphany'.
third, the idea that just repeating that brexit is bad and will hurt the people voting for it _while true_ will succeed now when it didn't the first time around. No reflection of why remain lost the first time or who was responsible for leave's succes
Guys let’s not turn on each other. Nigel stayed away from issue as he knew it was toxic and might have stopped him getting brexit vote. One issue at a time patience.
Oh, no
Theresa May is going to do the impossible and make me support Jeremy Corbyn. Yay Theresa. You're F-antastic.
Yet if you looked at the remain campaign from austerity afflicted brexit-land then you saw a bunch of well-ish off middle class ppl crying about what they WILL miss out on, not having noticed those hurting &amp; missing out NOW. (See Alston).
Professor Cox, I am a great fan. But the intellectual arrogance you demonstrate over Brexit is shocking. I do not believe you have done due diligence in understanding the legitimate reasons pro Brexit. If you had you might realise that there is no clear cut position.
This government advert for ’s EU deal is the first thing popping up for anyone who googles ‘Brexit’, ‘Brexit deal’ or similar over the coming days. (Great spot by )
I don't understand why SkyNews, France24, CNN and FoxNews, AlJazeera and Bloomberg are not covering the Ukraine-Russia crises #happeningnow...You'd think that one of them might break from Brexit talk or "sports" to cover it?
Excellent thread
The 52% get Brexit, despite many now not wanting it as the deal bears little resemblance to what they were promised The 48% get their predictions that were dismissed as project fear made reality. 100% get a deal worse than the current one, and a UK diminished in every way.
I do so hope you are right - I fear the vested interests have more twists and turns, more manipulative power and more politicians in their pockets than we know. I voted to leave because I believe in democracy. How naive. *sigh* let’s fight on for freedom.
No I’ve never been so disheartened with Labour. How can I support a party that are happy for us to Brexit and constantly fight amongst themselves.
I said sane *informed Brits. If you bother to research it, there are no benefits to Brexit. We have control over our laws now - the EU framework you are railing against was crafted by Britain. So, we lose nothing, but gain frictionless tariff free trade and freedom of movement.
I wonder if the intention is to get the House of Commons to vote down Mrs May's #Brexit deal so setting up a 2nd referendum where the choice is leave with no deal or remain...?
Important progress: EU leaders back the #Brexit deal.
I’ll leave it thank you.
Anything for the nob heads to have a pop at hendo !! I know let’s blame him for brexit and climate change you wankers !!!
A poll about Brexit in the most remain constituency in the country seems legit
More BS scaremongering! What utter nonsense!
Only positivething to come out of Brexit is that we see unions, whether they are EU, UK, Trade or Credit are, in general, a good thing.
“ : So the Prime Minister is lying #liarliarge17
Syria gases kids, Russia attacks Ukraine, America attacks migrants, Britain attacks itself via #Brexit. According to my 86-year-old Mum, Sunday "should be a day of rest"...
Fancy that. Now there's an issue we should be focused on, not the #brexit fantasy.
Brexit bot???? Idiot, you must be juncker's partner. Hey, make sure he wears the correct shoes on his hands. #ffs. Does that sound like a bot wanker....
I can just see that. Two consistent liars and one honest and intelligent Scot. (Naming no names, of course...)
Plausible but flawed. What’s to stop the Tories adopting your plan leaving with Canada+ and avoid a GE?
Propaganda is not the word, distraction...no... What is it when pointlessness is used to deflect facts?
Too many police Officers in this cartoon it doesn’t reflect reality
No shortage of water up North... The drinking water is supposed to be pure and free of chemicals... does he mean this?
His lips are moving so he is lying
Believe it or not, I've voted tory before. Won't be doing that again, when they don't understand basic economics (or do, but hate foreigners so much they don't care about screwing the economy or their own citizens.)
The loony Liberals are on the loose again spouting their usual nonsense about Brexit.
Vicar blasts government over poverty, austerity and Brexit. Please read. #UniversalCredit #Poverty
Dont tell us you have done nothing to stop this all traitors the lot of you
Opposition leader has a clear position. Wants Brexit. Just doesn't want people to know, so the blame for chaos sits 100% with Tories.
Opposition of the deal, not of Brexit. He's saying he's gonna push for Labour Brexit when he is being told to push for Remain. Not good enough.
I don’t wish anyone ill. My mother is Glaswegian. The executive authority to call a referendum lies with Westminster. It’s not going to be easy to stop Brexit, if at all possible.
It's coming We are very close now
How can we get behind this with no people's vote? May and Brexit can both get so far to fuck
DUP boss Arlene Foster warns Theresa May she could lose her job if she presses ahead with Brexit deal
This.
The traditional British response to this type of attempted humiliation is a declaration of war. I suspect is planning to give Macron the North Sea, Gibraltar and Windsor Castle as a sweetener. #Brexit #Fish
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Martin Howe QC's legal analysis of the Brexit deal (which he called 'atrocious') attracted the attention of Downing Street. Today he responds to No 10's 'rebuttal':
A decent person from Midsomer Britain, who plays the immigration card every time she needs a fillip in the polls.
It looks more and more like Brexit got them some control over immigration and in return they’re indefinitely stuck with an EU rule book and have no votes to influence anything. Not a surprise, but that’s a huge cost for keeping out a few Poles.
Too feart of though
Didn't the brexit referendum mention £350 million per week towards ENHS but was proven to be a lie, now we have may saying Tories investing £394 million a week in ENHS So where is this money coming from?
A champion in UK's corner.
Gove backed May after hearing drinking water would run out if No Deal via This is what we have come to.... and still some argue for a hard brexit....
The EU Has Approved Theresa May's Brexit Deal. Now What?
Checkmate uk as russian foreign policy brilliance in brexit now goes to second phase. #FBPE Are you celebrating or realising your a useful idiot. #RussianPatsy Or #greedyFool
#Spain and France expose brutal reality of #Brexit for #UK
Clever phrase. Put the BOBs out of their misery and back the deal. Cos after all we’re all BOBs
She's being very careful how to describe the deal - "best we can get" (as a Brexit deal) but does not comment on whether or not it is better than Remain - she knows it is not. Better to #StopBrexit
At 16 years old a child has been killed today, but the news won’t tell that story;they will focus on issues such as brexit, overlooking that young people from deprived areas are dying everyday, with no support for the families left behind.
Hello, hello, anyone at the #BBC? Or are we still playing pretend?
UK loan was 3.25 billion at 3%. UK trade surplus with Ireland is 2bn per year. Estimated impact of Brexit on the Irish economy is equivalent to 4% of GNP, an unrepayable sum of between 12bn and 20 bn, plus all the political upheaval a hard border would create. 1/
There’s something about these arch ‘English’ nationalists like Con Coughlin, Patrick Flynn, Brendan O’Neill and Liam Halligan. Can’t put my finger on it:
This is either mad or really, really clever.
Its not looking good. But IMO, there's a chance 15-20+ yrs in future, that Brexit shields UK from some of economic impacts of climate change the EU will experience &amp; related issues liked climate refugees.
Now is the time for the whole country to come together and stop this happening.
thread
Food for a lot of thought.
May revives Brexit dividend 'lie' in bid to sell deal to public and MPs: via
It's a mess. Brexit a toxic brew stewing since 2011. Strategically "destroying" the Labour Party a planned bonus. So far in spite of a complicit highly coordinated, negative media assault, I believe have played the right cards
Remain voters convinced they would win a second Brexit referendum
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
He’s not daft, he wants the deal to fail. It’ll put us in the direction of a no deal brexit.. Macron want the banking sector to leave London and move to Paris... he’ll probably get it too.
Looks like #Brexit is far from being done yet !
Good... now its been made crystal clear by EU both that this is the only Deal they will offer, &amp; that it doesnt deliver anything the Brexit voters wanted, can Parliament pease reject it &amp; Remain full EU members? Then get back to the "Day Job"
I don't know who you're referring to; I don't know why party allegiance is important when discussing Brexit; I've no idea what anti-semitism has to do with it either.
Strategically, (and principally out of a respect for democracy) Labour are right to hold the position they do
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent #NoBrexit
Ah. Now I see why people voted Brexit. They've been fed lies in their stupid newspapers for decades! Look at this tripe !
But to suggest leaving the EU is going to make these areas better is to fly in the face of reality without the aid of an aeroplane or wings! These are the very people that will suffer most from Brexit That is why the Labour Party needs to offer a better option.
CRIPPLING ! , FRIGHTENING is a more apt description.
In 2 years time he will not be there!!
I wrote my own letter. Dear Theresa May, No. Signed The British Public P.S. Go fuck yourself and this desperate idea no one wants.
when the #remoaner #NPC clones are NOT complaining you know it's NOT #BREXIT
Scary stuff! Thanks for making sure these thing are not hidden from view.
Irrelevant - any form of Brexit will do this, because of a simple fact: Brexit means Brexit. Inevitable long-term consequences are (1) UK shifting more to tax avoidance-based economy; (2) deskilling of economy; (3) likely break up of the UK.
Labour will get a majority if an election is called and no conservatives dont the fact this deal will be voted down. The only way brexit doesnt happen is with labour and a general election. Their is a bigger picture here aswell and that is the deaths ad destitution of our
Alright, how do you explain that a third of indyref1 voters ALSO voted for Brexit and more than 50% of those voters preffered to at least be in the UK than the EU. Unfortunately independence will not happen if the promise is to rejoin back into the EU.
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
Yes, a devastating letter. To my MP too.
woop. option 3 is back on the table.
Something is far wrong here. Should Mrs May not have parliamentary backing and approval BEFORE signing away our rights as EU citizens? #dissolvetheunion
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal
OH JESUS BE MERCIFUL NO
Theresa May seems to be quite corrupt herself if her failure to act is anything to go by.
I agree, but the likely outcomes of Parliament rejecting her deal are a 2nd Ref or a General Election. The former would probably result in No Brexit, and the latter may well do too.
May is demanding a Brexit TV debate with Corbyn to sell her Brexit deal. Yeah like that's a good idea, you may as well just stick two planks of wood in front of the camera. The Maybot versus IRA Corbyn. Two muppets on one stage, I'll give it a miss!
Are you to blame for Brexit too? And whatever is?
I see it differently. I would like us to have a referendum on the “deal”. If that referendum were to reject both it and Brexit, I’d be happy. If it were to endorse the deal or a “no deal” Brexit, I’d be sad, but content that at least the decision was an informed one this time.
Nothing changes then Pathetic women 'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected - May
Hahahahahaha! I mean really, this is going to be sh:tshow between those two at any angle.
I do agree with you, Emma. Brexit cannot sever the commitment of our mutual concern and care for each other as citizens, European or British.
YES. Totally Agree to have a full Brexit.
I think it's the right thing to do. Corbyn needs to show why he's the leader of the opposition.
Party policy on Brexit is very much about being in SM. 'Conference believes we need a relationship with the EU that guarantees full participation in the Single Market'.
It’s a stupid strategy. Highly unlikely to win an election.
2 political developments that might bring already weakening EU economy to edge of an abyss: If UK Parliament rejects May-Barnier Brexit deal and if Matteo Salvini defies Brussels by crashing Italy's ruling coalition. Time to set aside economic forecasts&amp;consider crisis scenarios
It's widely accepted that the so-called negotiations were run from Downing Street by a Prime Minister and civil servants with a bias for remain. Both Brexit Secretaries were rendered redundant.
Column by board member on #Brexit: ‘Beyond Brexit: Now!’
Border Force are paid by tax payers to do a specific job. This does not include being offended by someone wearing a Bollocks to Brexit sticker, scarf or any other form of protest.
May must know that the British people don’t want a compromise. They either want to be in or out, not this shake it all about Brexit. What’s she really up to?
This is exactly me..
Thats how bad her plan is
(opens Twitter) ...May’s act of national #Brexit suicide…US govt tear gassing asylum seekers…Russian attacks on Ukrainian ships… (closes Twitter)
This thread by on Labour and Brexit captures my own anger perfectly.
Bauhaus about Brexit, year 1983. A broken arrow in a bloody pool The wound in the face Of midnight proposals Someone shot nostalgia in the back Someone shot our innocence In the shadow of his smile Like reading Nostradamus
I bloody hope so! #Brexit #WTODeal
'Face The Nation' Roundtable: Comey and Lynch Subpoenas, Roberts vs. Trump, How Will Brexit Impact U.S.?
The people voted, if you want to carry on being a brexit baby, then vote a party in at the next election who will run with taking the country back in the EU. Its done get over it you spoilt twat
with the level of miss trust that the UK electorate obviously has now with politicians and our civil service, a Royal Commission or inquiry at least is needed to look at the Brexit election, the claims of BOTH sides and the conduct and negotiation of our Gov since.
Profoundly sad.
Well, it's not unbelievable, though it should be. Who has got the bollocks to put this woman to the sword?
Nope, let’s get really real, Brexit hasn’t happened yet, but so far it’s costing Billions of £ &amp; created a few issues. My kids &amp; grandkids are already pretty unhappy &amp; I don’t expect that to change.
Sorry , but she REALLY doesn't care She is determined to " deliver " #Brexit at ANY cost to life , well being , hardship - a complete inability to understand the reality of the situation outside her party's political bubble
Boris's Brexit speech to the DUP conference via
If the(unelected) EU leaders signed it, it must be good for the country with no sovereignty right?
It’s working, politicians are discarding Brexit because of this guy.......
Statement in response to the #EUSummit #EU27 adoption of the #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement: #Article50 #EU #UK
Let's just leave it, shall we?
So what’s more damaging? Brexit or Labour destroying itself and Brexit with Tory rule.
As one of your constituents I request you to support asking the people if they want to go ahead with this way forward, now that there is clarity on what is being offered as Brexit. You know if makes sense.
She is such a bully. Always picking on the (perceived) weak and incompetent. #EU #Brexit
Brexit agreement: what it says and the implications for NZ.
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard
How are you going to renegotiate a deal that the EU says can't be renegotiated? It's almost like you're just fine with Brexit, eh.
Fighting Stigma: Royal College of GPs backs 'People's Vote' on Brexit
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
“The Brexit deal is simply a damn-fool plan drawn up in response to the result of a referendum involving lies, illegality and foreign interference.”
It is impossible for Brexit to pass at the moment, 91 Conservative MPs are against the Agreement By ross_burland #Brexit #GBPUSD #Politics
Matthew Herbert Sets The #EU To Music With His #Brexit Big Band
If you’re a Fisherman in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The UK intrinsically part of transnational #Canzuk society. With #Chequers, #UK would become #EU27 vassal, #Canada pulled into #USA orbit, #Australia #NZ into #China's, but WITH #Brexit, #Canzuk emerges as globally stabilizing decentralized middle power alliance so #ChuckChequers
Spain, France - everyone is trying to extract their pound of flesh from #BrexitDeal. Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
The snowflake anti-Brexit campaign for identity politics, backed by hypocritical students, is a parody of democracy
So much chaos just now, it would make sense if a war was also brewing.
Business leaders due to meet political parties, including DUP, at Stormont tomorrow. So, here it is again...
*I float alone in the sea, a small boat approaches* - Would you like to get on this lifeboat? - No, your boat is worse than the one I was on, that just sank. - OK then, bye. *I watch the boat float away, and then I drown* THIS IS A METAPHOR FOR THE BREXIT DEAL DID YOU LIKE IT?
We'll sink all your fishing boats if they enter British waters.
Northern Ireland will suffer beyond imagination if any form of Brexit goes ahead
Brexit Britain arrives in Glasgow as the power goes off in Jordanhill....... A small sample of the dystopian future which awaits us all!
Define irresponsibility in 2000 words: #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #Brexit
Haven't we suffered enough?
We're not aiming to stop brexit, we're aiming to get the tories out. So many people insist on making this silly mistake simply to allow this sort of attack on Labour.
She can expect all she wants, I will never accept brexit in any form, hopefully a new movement will start in Britain to over turn any such outcome#BollockstoBrexit #PeoplesVote #whereisJeremyCorbyn
Well, if you didn’t notice yet we’re all intertwined in this global market(specially after Brexit). International relations is quite important for both sides of the Atlantic. Dealing with someone like the elected president and the new Foreign office minister is another challenge.
WATCH: Irish Professor discussing the Brexit deal is a valuable lesson to some clueless politicians via
Wouldn't wipe me arse with it. You are wrong. Brexit is wrong. A right wing coup. You know it
May Writes ‘Letter to the Nation‘ Begging for Brexit Deal Support via
Stop Brexit
Sorry, I just think it provides the closest analogy on the mental states. That guy bouncing on a trampoline in Brussels to a crowd of two whining Bollox to Brexit", and a retarded 5 year old.
Oh, the guy who ran his party into oblivion and resigned in disgrace? Uhm, he might tell people words they might want to hear, but the guy is a nut.
It's only a matter of time #stopbrexit
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out #maymustgonow #nodealisbetterthanHerdeal
Brexit: If Labour votes with May`s disastrous Brexit deal it will get through parliament and guarantee Corbyn to be the next PM .
QC Martin Howe legally proves lies. #May ignores, insists delivering #Brexit we voted for. Delusional.
I'd back the Brexit deal into the nearest landfill. (Along with its perpetrators...) #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
Slept thru 2014....
May "...or risk a no Brexit at all" How can a no Brexit be a risk when it is our current position? Oxymoron?
Dear Mister "I'm Too Good To Call Or Write My Fans" This will be the last package I ever send your ass It's been six months and still no word, I don't deserve it? I know you got my last two letters, I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
Today, 600+ MP’s in our Parliament have been ignored and humiliated by a Prime Minister who will say anything, do anything, sell anything, and betray anyone to get her own way on Brexit.
Ironic...
citizens the longer this government are in power! so much is at stake and is far bigger than just about brexit
So after transition you get the Brexit you want.
this doesn't have to be a diversion. it can be all part of one big gameplan: to sow chaos and violence across the West. Blowing up Ukraine=Win. Getting the US to destroy its own global standing=Win. Disrupting Europe with Brexit=Win.
Brexit, See you soon Liberation front page tomorrow
I was wrong about Brexit - Nigel Farage. That's the statement of the decade - Me.
You'll forgive me for not ceding our sovereignty for a loan we are fully repaying at a good interest rate, while we are currently spending hundreds of millions mitigating Brexit.
Excellent as always
fourth, russian conspiracy theories won't cut it here; nobody on the remain side seems willing to actually deal with the fact that thirty years of media propaganda led by the Times, Mail, Sun et all is what led to brexit
What I find funniest about Brexit is that the UK is a microcosm of the EU itself. We're a group of separate nation states who share a common currency and set of laws... and the same people who argued for Brexit argued AGAINST Scotland leaving the union. There's irony there.
Prime Minister Theresa May says "it is in the national interest for everyone to get behind it [her #BrexitDeal]". No no no!!! It is in the national interest for everyone to get behind stopping Brexit.
Imagine if thousands turned up and started booing her haha
This is what happens when you have a remainder Prime Minister. A bad deal which isn’t Brexit.
Excuse me, but Corbyn has voted on record, some 40 times in the House, against EU issues, He’s a closet Brexiteer Labour need to bin him #finalsayforall
Delighted that Council supported my motion on healthrelated harms of Brexit RT Drs who care about the future of the NHS can see the damage that Brexit is already doing - &amp; GPs have today called for a #peoplesvote on the final deal. …
Despite Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU’s defence agenda via
This will not be 'great television'.
Seems apt for tonight
The #UK (not just the British) people, overall, voted for a no-plan #Brexit. This means they voted for confusion and chaos. That's exactly what we've got! #FailingToPlanIsPlanningToFail
The European for Bored of Brits. #BOBs
Brexit was initiated and carried out entirely by the Conservatives. Corbyn is entirely blameless in this but Tories managing to con Labour into blaming each other (again). If we stick together we could have them out and a negotiating team that has a clue in place. #GTTO
BBC News - Brexit: What is the SNP's Brexit policy?
'Opportunity Cost' of Brexit includes: Freedom to explore opportunities with 27 neighbours Peace, esp. preserving GFA Trust that grows with rhythm of partnership Economic: inward investment, job security Diversity; culture Compassion; love towards others Shared goals Belonging
This logic is irrefutable.
I now spend most of my Sunday evenings stewing over things which have pissed me off. This week it's Brexit, Dr Who, Strictly Come Dancing, the weather, general tiredness, xmas shopping, the noise my PC chair makes when I move my weight, people who answer questions on Amazon…
Says all that needs to be said about #Brexit on this day when nobody has reason to be cheerful.
A useful overview of the Brexit deal - key for UK/NZ will be the UK’s independent trade policy, and a skills-based approach to immigration.
.... You are a mooron . It's Unbelievable that a fookin ejit like you should get into parliament under your own steam .... Either that or you're sucking Rupert Murdoch on demand.
fucking madness .... exit brexit now ...
"The culture of this little world was thoughtlessly libertarian, Sanni told me. If you defended the NHS or showed sympathy for those on welfare, you were a “wet”, an insult that performs same function on the hard right as “centrist” does on the far left."
You're delusional or doped up to the eyeballs. Do you really believe Theresa May has 'overlords' in Brussels? This was always going to be the result of #Brexit You advocated it. #yeshallreapwhatyesow
It's the ignorance who fear changes and don't think of the long run Brexit isn't a bad idea it will create jobs and involve local farmers and fishermen for British products instead of abroad and the EU has had billions of pounds off us for years and now...
Jumping up and down on a little red trampoline in the middle of the high street shouting ‘Bollocks to Brexit’ is surely going to stop Theresa May in her tracks! I can’t believe such an effective method of protest hasn’t been used before
Aubrey, I like all your other tweets today. Brits, the choice is still yours. Clearly, you never saw an anti-tank barrier. This one could be crushed in 5 seconds. It's just anti-demonstrators. Just in case the anti-Brexit masses would become violent. Which won't be the case.
The government has fallen anyway! Hopefully they do! They have done more damage to this country as per poverty homelessness and this Brexit shit!!
Do enjoy your brexit.
I'm with Macron of this its exactly what we knew would happen. Anybody who championed Brexit were deluded, naive &amp; allowed themselves to be hoodwinked. It's Common sense you can't expect to turn the clock back pre 1973 the world had moved on somewhat, UK deserves all it gets now.
Brexit, where the gullible were promised an Aston Martin Vantage for free, and then told we all have to pay a fortune for an MOT failed rust Allegro,
Dear Gerard Batten, the only positive of a possible Brexit is that from 29 March 2019 you will cease to be an MEP. How you can sit in a parliament that you despise is completely beyond me. #PeoplesVote #FBPE #Brexit #BREAKING
Why do you think there will be a long term benefit? Your biggest market is around your corner and you will leave it. International sales: you could do more even if you are part of EU. What is stopping UK to do more business with e.g. US - or why is there more after Brexit?
#Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?: - Brexit deal: which obstacles await May… #News #Politics
#Brexit deal signed: now brace for an almighty flap with Brussels over fishing: - Brexit deal… #News #Politics
The Brexit vote and EU law application in the UK | VOX, CEPR Policy Portal
Do read Julia’s (a bit long) analysis of Mays deal she has it spot on
Yes it will be very interesting. The no brexit at all comment was more a ploy to get pro leave MPs to support her deal, nothing more. When this deal gets voted down, as it will, brexit will still happen in some form
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out
Many would argue that it should not have been left to the electorate to decide - it was much too difficult for it to compute - that is why we elect governments. History will say this mess started because a PM/party leader felt he had to pander to his eurosceptics
Yes! Uk Portugal Retirees healthcare &amp; pension is paid by the uk NHS which they have to fill out an S1 form. Or they don't get it. You clearly know nothing, &amp; are just a shit stirer, trying to cause trouble with brexit. Go and do some reasearch!
Is all about talk with BJ &amp;co no tangible altanative. l applause TM for her strength,brexit negotiators ran away too much hard work for them
Nice succinct thread from . Could argue about the scores on the chances of each happening but I’m still busy with rearranging the Guardian’s ranking of all Kate Bush’s singles from yesterday.
(The Great Brexit Betrayal) It's time we stood up and made some noise. she is promising to deliver the Brexit the people asked for but she is actually... - Read more...
#Brexit is bereavement
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms via
Two Brexiters, arguing over what?
Brexit, "full satisfaction from both parts (UK &amp; EU)", but... what a discount! British debt was 60 B.EUR, now accepted below 45 ! Why not applying the same discount to weak European economies ? Italy, Greece, Portugal, as mere examples...
Reading through the article and I see this! "Spain's PM Pedro Sanchez claimed today 'we all lose with Brexit but Spain wins on Gibraltar" This fool of a PM doesn't understand what she has done. Get rid of her she really is an embarrassment.
French finance minister says ‘liars’ duped Brits into voting for Brexit | London Evening Standard via /r/worldnews
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
If you are interested in Brexit and want to read some truth, read this, please read to the end, scary stuff.
You should read the Brexit deal before you cast your vote and make sure you can sleep afterwards
Small investors do not give up to the Wall St. Mavens who worry about the absurd like Brexit, EU orgs., and silly Amazon types . Most Americans are sick and tired of the Fed ,pols, and Wall St. from investing in our great economy.
#TheresaMay will need a flack-jacket at this week's PMQs and 1922 event and at the JobCentre. #brexit
Methinks this duplicitous Tory weasle protesteth too much. He’s wriggling like fuck. The only reason he was made the pathetic excuse of a SoS for Scotland that he is, was because there was no one else. Remember? #TickTockTory
Suggestions that Labour-SNP talks cd favour people's vote - extraordinary at this late stage for Labour to be, though, so opaque
That's not a brexit issue that's government issue vote for a party that helps students if that's what's important to you but you can't blame tuition fees on brexit surely
You mean you want a Tory who lied to Parliament to engender illegal warfare? Jesus wept...
How irresponsible of May to push ahead with her no-good Brexit deal. She should either do Labour's deal or bin it permanently. #GeneralElectionNow
Corbyn reiterates Labour will reject UK #Brexit deal with EU
There will also be financial thresholds that have to be met, for those wishing to 'retire' in any of the EU 27 after brexit. You will also need to contribute toward health costs or have private insurance, as the UK Government will no longer issue S1 forms (UK covers costs).
good fucking luck
#Brexit Summit a staging post on way to more dangerous negotiations
This incident clearly blind-sided the popular narrative.
Might be in your head but it is not for those who voted Brexit... also tge government hasn’t failed yet, taking the no deal option would mean they delivered!
Hi . While #EU27 were signing off #WithdrawalAgreement, Theresa May paid a visit to my friend's church in #Brussels - praying for forgiveness?! They hadn't seen each other for 40 years but the PM recognised her from uni. My friend had words with her about #Brexit.
we have 3 months before we automatically have a No Deal Brexit. Avoiding a No Deal requires positive action including an agreed way forward at Westminster and Brussels.
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement
You think Brexit vote was about this kind of politics. I thought most concern was about exercising control over our economy, politics and laws. It was about being in Europe or out of Europe. Nothing to do with Muslims and Jews and thier associated vote.
if MP's sign the Deal, the backstop will lock us in till the end of the century using it as a bargaining chip! if MP's Don't sign TM will say No Brexit! she slipped up on purpose in the HoP when she said No deal or No Brexit! no 2nd referendum, We remain as before! Wasted vote!
Sorry but you are just repeating unsubstantiated lies. Let me see your proof for such. However your reply has not addressed the freedom our kids are about to lose. Brexit will impact them the most and I for one do not want to sit in this pile of shit and allow them to suffer
The fantasy of remain &amp; reform is repudiated, yet here is rehash remain &amp; reform. People are not stupid &amp; won’t vote to destroy their own vote. Being seen to thwart Brexit with impossibilism, when the public chose to leave deal or no deal, is a path to defeat, not victory. #EURef
Tony Blair has the power to unite this country... everyone hates him!!!
Nicola Sturgeon: There’s almost nothing true in Theresa May’s #Brexit letter. #brexitshambles
This is scandalous, it merely serves to illustrate that Brexit chaos is being foisted on U.K. by MPs &amp; Ministers with abject ignorance of the overwhelming benefits of current UK/EU working relationships!
Given labours convoluted and contradictory position on #Brexit and the horrendous deal May is peddling, such a debate would be an absolute shit show.
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn via Mother of God, please spare your children from this wickedness
An alternate brexit plan
#PeoplesVote We have to do more than hope for it, we have to work for it, write to your MP, join a local campaign group, talk to friends, workmates and family.
Brexit: easiest trade deal in history ,they said
I know our PM just signed our future away with #Brexit but isn't it a bit early to have a reduced-worse-than-third-world train service with the last one leaving at 22:42 ?!!!?
Good grief, E.U. leaders approve Brexit plan, setting up vote in British Parliament, where it faces stiff opposition. People didn’t know what they were voting for.
Life will go on
Possible WW3 outbreak and major news media does not think it worthy of coverage... Why are we ALL not asking about this?
Jeepers creepers where did you get those peepers?
If it is still tied to the EU it is not Brexit friendly. May is a globalist and is trying to keep some ties with the NWO intact.
Hi jackie how you? Good I hope very cold here Brexit shit
European civilisation took a step backwards today. Simultaneously together &amp; yet apart, we, as co-celebrants of this avoidable requiem, read out our respective entreaties &amp; bid each other farewell.
The problem is, this is the only deal, so it’s either no deal (crash out) or no brexit (highly unlikely unless a new referendum is held).
Well on the scale of Brexit rhetoric if that ranks as the ‘least helpful’ thing any of EU leader said today I think we’re doing alright … and speaking of ‘least helpful’ I think the tone of PM May’s open letter was misjudged.
No the choice is between painful Brexit, pointless Brexit or no Brexit. And yes the ppl should decide
He speaks mainly for himself on an anti-Corbyn platform, which is why MSM drag him on.
Mrs May, Brexit’s magic bullet “taking back control, sovereignty of parliament” has shot you in the foot. Your Brexit Deal is dead in the water. Stop your craven attempt to bypass parliament for fake public acceptance. If you crave public opinion call a General Election now
Diddums.
No wonder #TheresaMay doesn't answer questions. Asked, if she felt sad about the #uk leaving the #EU , she laughed, she fcuking laughed and said,"No, but I understand that others are". Of course, that's becos she's a fcuking psychopath and doesn't have any emotions. #Brexit
If I were Corbyn I’d be more than happy to agree. May is an awful narrator and would get found out.
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing: The French president gives the UK a reminder of the difficulties ahead in Brexit negotiations.
I think one of the reasons she’s stayed for so long is just because of how much of a poisoned chalice brexit actually is...nobody actually wants to replace her! Remember Johnson and Five’s faces the morning of the result? She’s survived almost by default
We live in interesting times. None of this is necessary.
I’d be amazed if Brexit happens now.
Welcome to life beyond #Brexit: all those who you will negotiate have interests of their own and will stand up for them. The EU isnt one thing. It’s 27 of them. And together those 27 are over 6X larger than the UK. There was no “EU behaviour”; there was 27 countries vs 1 weak one
It's a convenient fantasy for the Labour leadership that they are secretly anti-Brexit but merely Waiting-For-The-Right-Moment. /1
maybe after twenty years of this sort of thing a U.K. government could experiment with not being worthless racist trash?
I just love Janey. Dinnae haud back hen, get them cunts telt!
This is a serious action. Shots fired. Treaty violated. Great Brexit distraction. Those of us on NATO’s flank see the reasons and risks clearly. Eyes wide open all.
Yes, that’s right.
This WE SHOULD needs to stop. It's time for and the rest to stand up and be counted and quit faffing about. #brexit is no longer just about the EU it's about the UK as a nation surviving a not becoming a slave state to the NWO
I think people are being overly critical of Theresa May. She was given a direction, "#Brexit", but no one agreed on what exactly that meant. It was an impossible task. The EU had little interest in playing ball. She did what could be done: proposing a deal everyone hates.
A general election makes no sense whatsoever without Labour finally committing to a serious position on Brexit, one way or another. Of course they will float this silly idea nonetheless.
you say 'seals a Brexit deal' as if it was something we wanted or even gave a shit about.
Another traitor tries to bullshit us !
Or the opportunity: there is no good version of Brexit.
And with this deal EU is highly increasing chances of hard Brexit. Just proving that the EU would rather their own member states were WORSE off as long as UK is WORST off. What kind of institution would rather its own members are WORSE off?
Persecuting EU citizens will make no difference now, it didn't gain any advantage anyway, and I'm sure it will continue because Mrs May evidently enjoys it so very much. The consequences of Brexit will play out on UK citizens from now, and no 'expatting' to Europe to avoid them.
The Brexit debate is currently just the deluded fighting with those in denial. The U.K. is in trouble. - via
REVEALED: EU top secret plans to EXTEND Article 50 fearing MPs will KILL May's Brexit deal
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Remainer May in charge of the Brexit negotiations is like sending a vegan to hunt deer, don't be surprised if all they come back with are some nuts and berries.
Sums it up nicely... #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
- "How The EU Really Works For YOU!... - #Brexit #Fbpe #Abtv #Ofoc #Waton #UKIP #Brino #Remain #FinalSay -
If Brexit didnt make you feel shit to be human, stick on #Dynasties Youre sorted!
What left-wing and right-wing brexit supporters want are two very different things. As the former, what I want and why I want it absolutely isn’t bound to the same ideals as what the conservatives are trying to deliver. It’s wrong to tar us all with the same brush.
He may not be but his generation will have to live longer with the consequences of #brexit.
This makes for Soubry reading...
Narrator: Russia engineered both Brexit and the trump presidency.
Marr says here “the English have never been ruled by anyone else”? Absolute rubbish: from 1066 - 1399 few of our Kings spoke English - we were governed by French dynasties. The Stuarts 1603 - 1714 were Scottish / Dutch and then came the House of Hanover who were German...
just read this and then apologise to the Nation for your PMs utter betrayal #TraitorMay
- Can't y'all multi-task?
In sadness, EU leaders approve Brexit deal
I'm a yes too. If we go through with Brexit it will dominate government for years and years and years. If we Remain we can start sorting out the real problems of the country, including those that drove some to vote Leave.
‘There’s nothing else to offer. This is the best deal we can reach’ The exact words a used car salesman on Holt Blvd. Ontario, Calif said to me when I bought my 1st car 79 Dodge mini pickup truck. I was 16 and I believed him.
Leave stopped campaigning on June 23rd, 2016. Remain never stopped, and have been campaigning the best part of 3 years. So it's hardly surprising there's more activity on petitions from the Remain side than Leave. Having said that - get and bloody sign it.
Absolutely correct - that and the renege of the Berling Wall agreement to keep a buffer zone between the EU and Russia. Wouldn't hurt the EU to have a distracting war that hides the problems with Italy &amp; France social unrest (and Hungary and Poland and Brexit )
To be clear - Spain &amp; France didn’t expose the brutal reality of #Brexit, they exposed the reality of ’s kowtowing. The more you give, the more the #EU takes. WTO exit now
#Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says #Juncker
It is absolutely irrelevant where the ships were. There were news about building of tensions in the Azov see for several weeks. Reasons: Ukrainian Chruch, EU is occupied with Brexit, US does not care ...
Mrs May making Brexit deal.
Pure Brexit
Agreed, Never. ever. Oh and they will not forgive you for being complicit
More than a generation. It would destroy the party for good. And you'd deserve that - but the Labour movement deserves better. Much better. You've been handed a gift here, with the opportunity to save the UK from Brexit - and you're sitting on your hands. Shame, shame on you.
Brutal brexit will preserve British national sovereignty and restore border security
Theresa May warns leaked plans for ‘Plan B’ Brexit will mean KEEPING EU free movement | Politics | News |
This is a very polite way of saying that the DUP has pursued a suicidal policy from the start. Backing Brexit was insane. To preserve the union they love they need the union they hate.
is it me, or are politicians lying more blatantly then in the past and getting away with it?
Structuralist argument: they don't have anyone actually on the scene, only in Kiev and Moscow.
What about EU citizenship for everyone else in the UK? #Brexit
Brexit: UK withdrawal agreement is 'the best possible deal'
Maybe you and junker would have sorted brexit then lol
you really are deluded the EU will make us suffer every chance they can
The Quitters dismissed it as Project Fear. They promised this would be the easiest deal ever. They needed us more than we needed them. We had all the cards. We'd be better off. We'd have an extra £350m per week for the NHS. The Great Unicorn Brexit. Let's vote on reality.
It's the poorest who will lose the most from ending Freedom of Movement. The rich and powerful will not be impacted at all. Ending FOM restores the privileges of the rich. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit
EU, UK Approve Brexit Divorce Deal; Now Comes The Hard Part | Zero Hedge
Nice to know now we just have to see it
EU leaders urge MPs to back May after approving Brexit deal
How terrible is it that they're all trying to bail out to other countries because of a vote intended to stop people from other countries coming into their country. A tad bit hypocritical, no?
Let’s hope she doesn’t get to make that decision. New Brexit PM needed
If there is another vote, how is remain going to deal with this, how is it going to convince the media and voters alike that staying in the EU is better than brexit? Especially when you got prominent remainders still calling for some end to freedom of movement?
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
What happens now the Brexit deal has been signed off in Brussels? - Brexit passed a major ... via Macron has just done a huge favour to us Brexiteers. Talk about shooting oneself in the foot. Doh! As Homer Simpson would say.
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal NO NO NO #MAYOUTNOW
Well - UK Labour ARE anti-Brexit, &amp; their position has *absolutely nothing to do* with who Tories choose for their leader. I hope you understand they are *two separate parties*...
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as her campaign begins to win Commons vote on her Brexit deal
Ah, the old cult accusations. Futile discussion. Brexit is going to happen. No matter what Labour does and I’d rather Labour can take power after it than not. Bon voyage.
Yes. Neoliberal policies disenfranchised millions. Not just those in poverty. The disenfranchised millions voted Brexit. FBPE people were quite happy with Austerity, privatisation. And now we have these unbearably entitled, well off FBPE types trying to pin the blame on Corbyn.
Please Jesus leave the bus in the bin Terry, we know it was a fucking lie
This is NOT Brexit &amp; you should not be supporting this complete capitulation. Macron was clear today that its purpose is to trap us into the EU’s structures without any way of getting out. The Tory party will never recover from this betrayal.
Nope. There is a max tariff that we can set but we can set tariffs below that level. We've already notified the WTO of our post-Brexit tariff schedule back in July.
Why can't the Queen just stop this stupid deal? It is the "HM Government" after all. The queen must realise this is a terrible deal for her UK... #brexit
Basically the EU stooges here are pretending to side with Brexiteers but using our natural hatred of far right racists to make us think twice about siding with #Brexit against May. It's tricky, I know. But these are tricky people. Just stick with no May and no deal then UK wins.
Well said. Honourably honour a dishonest referendum?? I don’t trust her as far as I could throw her. Brexit is not in the interests of anyone except the govt and their rich donors.
EU countries have signed the deal immediately, because they know that they have us exactly where they want us. We are a satellite state – a memento mori fixed on the walls of Brussels as a ghastly gaping warning to all who try to escape #ManagedNoDeal
I'm calling that a 'no' then! #Brexit
The Wall Street Journal: U.K., EU hammer out Brexit divorce deal, but tough sell to Parliament looms
Thanks, Dawn. But considering how many Labour MPs have voted with/abstained on Brexit votes to date (ie the majority) it's a perfectly reasonable question to ask if you're voting against. If Labour MPs had voted against Brexit all along, we wouldn't be in this mess. :-/
With so much evidence of illegality and corruption surrounding the ref, you have to wonder what kompromat exists on Theresa May - why she ploughs so doggedly on towards something it’s so obvious she believes will be damaging for the U.K...
Pettigrew: Brexit and Trump were big disruptions in 2016. Trump has always been anti-trade. He has been consistent on this. #CTFconf
#Spain and France expose brutal reality of #Brexit for #UK
#Brexit: What happens next? Your questions answered
#Brexit: What happens next? Your questions answered
Today is a sad day, because the European Council agreed to the Withdrawal Agreement for #Brexit. It is a sad day, because the #EU will be poorer without #Britain. And Britain will have less, not more control, having to follow rules without having a say in them. /1
No one, though, has been more perfect at doing the wrong thing every single time without fail than Theresa May. And no single person bears more responsibility for the excruciatingly rubbish Brexit strategy.
But the alternative - no deal - would be even worse, with massive economic disadvantages. The shameful reality is that those campaigning for #Brexit simply promised things that are not available - more national control and better economic development. /2
is totally right. #brexit is the biggest mistake the uk has ever made. Now let’s see if our politicians have the balls to stop it. If they don’t they will be tainted by the decision for decades for come.
I tell you what, go educate yourself..
That’s great news!! The UK should just leave with ‘no deal’ I’m sure it will take the #EU less than 5 minutes to come begging to the UK for deals. #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitMeansBrexit
What brexit deal fool, only one getting voted out is you fool, Theresa May warns Tory and Labour MPs: back my deal or get voted out
"I could take this as a cue to excoriate Jeremy Corbyn and the far left, who spent their lives accusing Labour governments of “betrayal”, yet are ready to back a Brexit that will betray the poorest people and poorest regions in Britain."
Brexit shoes
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know.
Two words : coordinated assault.
Brexit was never about immigration and only immigration. The failure of the government to realise this has been the bigfest failure of May’s government.
It’s not a brexit deal. It’s a remain deal
REMAIN !!!!!!!! DUP warn May: ‘We’ll wreck your deal’
If we have this debate then Jacob Rees-Mogg should put forward the case for No Deal and Chuka Umunna should put forward the case for a second referendum. Would best represent the divides in British politics.
Great. Britain moves closer to becoming a second class country and Putin's Russian rejoices. Mission accomplished. So stupid, Britain. So stupid. #Brexit
European Union leaders finally sealed a Brexit deal on Sunday, saying the package agreed with Prime Minister Theresa May was the best Britain will get in a warning to the British parliament not to reject it.
NO! A much better deal would be that the UK would stop the #brexit proces and revoke the art 50 letter.
There's a new type of #RemainerNow... "I didn't vote in 2016 because I couldn't decide. Leave seemed to offer a lot but the EU didn't seem that bad." That's what a 73-yr old man told me. He wants a #PeoplesVote &amp; would vote Remain. "I don't like liars &amp; #Brexit is impossible."
Apt reminder of what a superb communicator is. His clarity and intelligence cut through the bs and told it as it is. #painfulorpointless
God might have interrupted my sermon last Sunday... if you want to know who I am, don’t ask me what I believe... discover what I love... we are not what we believe... we are what we love... Trump and Brexit red lines appear...
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
He doesn't want the oxymoronic jobs first Brexit. He wants to pretend he wanted Brexit while the Tories prove it's unworkable &amp; for Leavers to imagine had he been in power it might have turned out differently. All crap &amp; very few will fall for it IMO.
EU agrees 'best possible' Brexit deal, urges Britons to back May
The problem is May &amp; the Remain cabal
With any other leader but Jeremy Corbyn, Labour would be suffering the same dismal poll numbers as most centre-left parties in Europe, Theresa May would have a healthy majority, the DUP would be irrelevant, and getting May's fudge through parliament would be a piece of piss.
I'm working on an extremely practical and desirable solution to Brexit
They will never be forgiven if they vote for this disastrous handing over of our sovereignty
Does it ever occur to anybody that any sort of brexit may well spell outrage by remainers ?
I meant BBC News, but point-taken, you forgot about that annoying thing kept-running ("now have I got the Brexit?", which seems to have thankfully run its course. Hope the petition reaches 100K asap, then job's a good-'un.
BBC Scotland reporter claims fishing access not part of any Brexit agreement, despite official document text indicating otherwise
If only the EU wasnt fixated on political union, an army being the latest appalling idea, #Brexit probably wouldn't have happened.
Theresa May ‘suppressed’ up to 9 studies which found immigration does not harm UK workers #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit #bbcqt
Great news that they may fast track this vital case: High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
In sadness, EU leaders approve Brexit deal -
Think about it - your presumption is that Labour *have* to pretend to be supportive of Brexit ... ... because of the 25% of Labour 2017 voters who support Brexit (even in the "heartlands", there is never more Labour 2017 Leave voters than Labour 2017 Remain). /2
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out
Between Brexit and Article 13 (Kill the Internet) next year's shaping up to be pretty crap.
We had one of those over 2 years ago, produced the biggest ever UK mandate, more people voted brexit than have ever voted for anything in the entire history of UK, where were you
What's the naughtiest thing Theresa May has ever done? #Brexit
Welcome to life beyond #Brexit: all those who you will negotiate with have their own interests. They WILL stand up for them. The EU isnt one thing. It’s 27 of them. Together those 27 are over 6X larger than the UK. There was no “EU behaviour”. There was 27 United vs 1 weak one.
You keep going with the insults, just shows you up to be the stereotypical idealogical brexit voter. I want what is best for the country you just want to destroy it. I don't believe in blocking people who have a different pov but you need to do some reading.
Why a stronger European Union is essential. Why Russia supported Trump, Brexit and European far right parties
BBC News - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing Will the Scottish Tory MPs vote for May’s deal?
Emmanuel Macron vows to keep Britain trapped in customs union if we don’t let EU into our waters after Brexit
Sooner or later statements like - “we will work with others to block a no deal Brexit”, will be tested in the real world. In about two weeks, so let’s see.
Very true. crowing about our (British citizens) loss of freedom of movement was particularly annoying and saddening
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
U.K., EU hammer out Brexit divorce deal, but tough sell to Parliament looms
And yet - you just sit there.
#repealA50 That's all
EU leaders urge Britons to back May’s Brexit deal, say it’s the best they will get -
They can't wait a day to start gloats and threats. Emmanuel Macron vows to keep Britain trapped in customs union if we don't let EU into our waters after Brexit
Only in Britain can you have a PM debate the virtue of something she fundamentally opposes and have the opposition leader debate its flaws whilst being inherently for it.
Whatever happens brexit will still happen. #brexit #BrexitDeal weather that is May's deal or hard brexit.
Country Trend-Word Video Link NL willem ii GH #bcsyi PK Saudi SE #Brexit
Imagine an #Irish hard border #Brexit
Business for Britain Change Britain City for Britain Christians for Britain Civitas Conservatives for Britain Brains Trust European Foundation Fishing for leave Farmers for Britain Better off out Brexit central
Fuck Off - We're Leaving
Boris Johnson: The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there ...
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona | Opinion | The Guardian
Brexit deal done, but what next? || || || #Northern Island
Did they even discuss it or did they just sit around with a few glasses of whiskey toasting each other and then said - “ok 40 mins is enough let’s go and do this!”
This is a valid question. Do we not want to do all in our power as a nation to know?
#UK PM #Mayhem faces tough week converting fellow Tory MPs to OK her #Brexit deal despite #Tusk #EC approval.
Daybreak: Brexit Gets EU Nod. China Fights WTO Reform (Podcast)
I don’t have a problem if Macron wants this for France because The French people have elected him, but we don’t want this imposed on UK #brexit is what we want, good luck to Germany, France n Netherlands
Putin is laughing his socks off at how easy this is. Europe in a mess due to Brexit - check. Trump firing on unarmed migrants on the Southern Border - check. France in disarray because of fuel riots - check. Time to take steps to unify the USSR.
Again. Thank you America for granting perspective. For as farcical as our Brexit rubbish is, It isnt anywhere near as groin-punchingly painful as... Whatever this is.
You are missing my point. Parliament won't accept a no deal. They will use it to kill Brexit. That has been the Remain and EU plan ever since if became clear Parliament won't accept "no deal".
via Daybreak: Brexit Gets EU Nod. China Fights WTO Reform (Podcast)
May is delusional. A liar and a Remainer. And her Brexit betrayal won't get through the Hoc. She's done for.
/burns / whilst / fiddling / Rome or something like that. #brexit is the bigger swearword for me - it refers to something far more unmentionable........... #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
actually, a majority of "you" already has changed (or kept) their mind already, real using all the lues they were fed to get your so called vote for #Brexit
There’s simply no such thing as ‘No Deal’ — the international trade and tariffs regime has existed since 1948.
So, the political system will collapse leading to Nigel Farage proclaiming a Brexit Republic from his local golf club before assassins and Liberal counter-revolutionaries suppress this outbreak of anarchy?
Any BREXIT (regardless of who or how) will destroy the NHS &amp; Millions of jobs. People like me will never support it. Caroline. If you support BREXIT; you are in the wrong party. Stop pretending. Go and join UKIP.
So close that it's actually deeper. We were up to our necks in It, now it's our ears! #Brexit #remoaners #moggmentum #BrexitBetrayal #nodealbrexit #wtobrexit
They do. Since Brexit, have started to put the UJ on whisky &amp; other Scottish produce uniquely Scottish &amp; saying made on Britain. Some of the companies support the union &amp; happy to do it. Tesco possibly asks them too. 40% of Scots food/drink is bought by EU &amp; its a big UK export!
Now it looks like the deal is going to be rejected by political opportunists using this to gain political points by making Mrs. May look bad. That's just politics, of course, but where it leads is a #NoDeal #Brexit.
Stop Brexit
You said we had a remain voter negotiating the deal, but our chief negotiator is the Brexit Secretary, and the first two of those have been ardent, strident Eurosceptics. Stop blaming everything that goes wrong on remainers.
#brexit UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
Remember, the TORIES did this to Britain. The TORIES. (although Labour were FUCK USELESS as the Opposition) #Brexit
#Corbyn reiterates Labour will reject UK #Brexit deal with EU
We can but hope that if Parliament does vote against the deal that either the Article 50 notification is withdrawn &amp; Brexit is stopped, or we get an extension of the Art 50 period for a #PeoplesVote
I definitely think it’s a grammar pendant though.....I might just say “brexit?” As a new boring conversation steer
And yet you employ brexiter terminology without apparent irony. The border has not been ”fetishised”. It’s an existential issue for Ireland, much more so than Brexit itself is for Great Britain.
Junker has no children or grandchildren, the only thing he has to look forward to is the void and his next bottle of wine
It's not an ERG thing, no deal default is WTO (not no brexit). She may get her deal, but so many backbench MPs have said they won't accept it. Not sure she can. Going to be a interesting week, may have to get a TV on the go in the office.
Prime Ministers are only in favour of tv debates when they're feeling vulnerable. Otherwise they seek to avoid them at all costs.. as Mrs. May herself did in 2017. I stick to my view that, if the 48 letters are reached, Theresa is toast.
I don't mean to make light of it. In the UK we have millions of people suffering some really degenerative and life-impeding conditions. It breaks my heart.
Perfect.
Tee Tee prepping epic televised catfight with Corbyn? That's Entertainment: The Brexit Years
Lack of self awareness. 10/10.
Everyone except May and her lackeys can see it's a bad deal, but Sturgeon and her allies want to exploit it to block Brexit altogether.
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal
Its Brexit stupid
Just in case anyone wonders what sort of inspired thinking led us to the catastrophe that is Brexit.
Relatively Accidental - A Black Comedy of Rock Music and Death by Jessika Jenvieve #Book #ebook #Fiction It won't stop Brexit but it will make you laugh Buy it Now ===&gt;&gt;&gt; -
Yep. Creative industries / cultural sector is second biggest contributor to UK #economy, after Finance. People who keep banging on about money around Brexit don’t seem to be able to read, understand or digest that information, though.
It is for my grandchildren I fight the good fight #Brexit , otherwise I would just take the hedonistic route and lie in a hammock on the beach in the tropics fanned by some dusky maidens with my favorite cocktails ..
Where’s Worst Labour leader in living memory. #painfulorpointless
I will never support a leader who voluntarily hands control of my country to a (hostile) foreign power She should be locked in #toweroflondon
So he has ruined it......
‘Too severe a Brexit’ So. A Brexit then. But a softer one. With Unicorns no doubt. Consistency not a strong point
Britain now has three clear choices. 1) Accept Theresa May's Deal meaning we spend the next 40 years fighting against the other 27 EU countries 2) Remain in the EU meaning we spend the next 40 years fighting against the EU countries or 3) We make a clean break in 2019. #Brexit
I voted leave..... so yes I’m aware of that . I am pro Brexit too
Because she isn’t going...
Excuse me: when did firing into Mexico become NOT an act of war?
Martin Howe QC's legal analysis of the Brexit deal (which he called 'atrocious') attracted the attention of Downing Street. Today he responds to No 10's 'rebuttal':
Why not Rollocks to Brexit with a strategically parked van in the photo?
Brexit news latest: Theresa May begins fight of political life as UK-EU post-Brexit relationship ...
No idea whether that is a good Brexit deal or a bad one but I’m 100% sure it won’t suddenly improve the outlook for the London housing market .
Another centralist speaks for the few not the many
Exactly - I do not understand why some who voted Leave complain about giving up sovereignty to the EU but are quite happy to hand it to Putin's Russia. However this gives me some hope.
Very helpful thread(s) on the Brexit related litigation happening
On the day that the #EU27 sign the Brexit deal. #Coincidence?
End #Brexit now
Analysis: #Macron's blunt #Brexit warning to #UK over #fishing
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal. Hypocrisy of the highest order seeing as PM didn't appear during 2016 referendum.
This is a defining moment in British history with the exact same consequences as 1939, please do not let your country down. start with the Brexit Betrayal Demo on December 9th, lets stand together.
fuck yes.
Not a surprise at all. May has managed to alienate everybody who has any principles on either side of Brexit. Mundell, Gove, Davidson etc are all that's left. Enjoy.
So what happened to "brexit means brexit and we're going to make a success of it"? That didn't age very well, did it?
No much doubt has been lying to the House of Commons over #Brexit. She should be censured and removed from office.
Dear Can you please inform me when you will be asking the electorate what they want from Brexit. We were never provided with any options in the referendum, just ‘in’ or ‘out’, and as such I would like to be given the opportunity to put my thoughts forward Thank you
Great, another "I'm not a nationalist but voted for Brexit" types.
This is the best deal for the #EU because it is a worse deal for the #UK than we already have! #Tory #BrexitDeal #Conservatives #BrexitShambles #Tories #brexit #ERG #NoDealBrexit
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
youre not allowed to swear but put forward racist propoganda about innocent eu citizens-thats fine!!bullshit!!
I’d like to see Theresa May have a live televised Brexit debate with those lions off of Dynasties.
As someone who voted #Remain, but has accepted the vote to #Leave as the democratic choice - I have never wanted a #PeoplesVote more than now.. So we can prevent this damaging #BrexitDeal - #NoDeal is better than #TheresaMay deal. We are negotiating at gunpoint #Brexit #Macron
The Tories should have elected a Brexiter to lead them. The Tories created this mess and have made it worse. The Tories are wealthy enough to ride the Brexit damage to the economy.
I’m liking this! #brexit #betrayal #eu #TreasonMay
Lives and breathes BREXIT football
Tee Tee prepping epic televised catfight with Corbyn? That's Entertainment: The Brexit Years
In soccer speak #TheresaMay giving assurances to #Gibraltar is like the Board of the club saying they have full confidence in the manager.... it will not end well #brexit
So sorry &amp; embarrassed from more than %48 of the Country.
Well the May - Robbins deal is dead already!! it’s a pity she has not listened to her fellow MPs but let Robbins and the civil service dictate the proceedings to her with the total purpose of not getting a Brexit and staying in EU.
#RevokeA50 Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has hit out against Theresa May’s open letter to the British people to back the Brexit deal. via
I LOVE Joseph Guthrie for writing this. Superb.
Brexit summit LIVE: Theresa May and EU leaders gather in Brussels with crucial deal set to be giv...
We're leaving the EU on my 21st birthday, but they're shitting on my Christmas as well.
I agree especially her aversion to migrants and the ECJ
Great thread, please RT #finalsayforall
Nigel Farage slams Theresa May's bent Brexit deal she comes to sign (25N... via
Just nipping out for some Tablets, clean water and some Mediterranean food after a 'No Deal' Brexit.
Plenty of people over 30 appalled at brexit,ageism not the way to go...
One thing is for sure, we voted to Leave the EU and all its institutions. Remaining tethered in any format, as designed by Mrs May, doesn't look at all anywhere like Leave.... WTO Brexit does though....
Great. Britain moves closer to becoming a second class country and Putin's Russia rejoices. Mission accomplished. So stupid, Britain. So stupid. #Brexit #Russia
Can't stand snobs. Never could. Can't stand these ppl who view the world as it accords to what suits them. Hilarious, they spend huge efforts saying that Brexit will make ppl poorer when they never gave a damn for the working classes for years, hence Brexit vote!
I've read dear John letters with more details for breaking up than this from May. #Brexit
Diamond mining, with the other 6 dwarfs.
No contest. It's No Deal.
Excellent! No Brexit it is then; because the Conservative Party has already destroyed itself, whatever happens.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
You can say one thing about #Brexit. It shows which MPs are in politics because of conviction and concern for country and which ones are the careerist useful idiots. Wheat from chaff.
‘Everyone can have better plans in their minds , but this deal took 2 years and us supported by 28 governments ‘ Its the only one on the table
I wish #Brexit would run out of oxygen altogether!
Johnson has finally admitted what we all knew - that the UK can make its own laws in a soverign parliament - when criticising Theresa May’s Brexit plan. He said if her plan was implemented that would be the FIRST time that parliament won’t be able to make its own laws.
Well said, BORIS "We cannot go on any more with this hopeless can’t-do spirit "We should vote down the deal, junk the backstop, recover our self-belief and go for SuperCanada – and we will thrive mightily." via
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
BBC News - Gibraltar: What's it got to do with Brexit?
See. They have nothing left. Every scare story they are trying to sell is what we have anyway by remaining part of UK post brexit. iScotland is about wanting something better than xenophobia, rule by England and polices like the "two child" cap.
History lessons for Mr Marr.. what a buffoon
True, but that’s pretty common, especially these days. For instance Theresa May and her pursuit of Brexit despite knowing better.
The Brexit Deal = #worstdealinhistory by the worse prime minister ever. I had high hopes for you Liz, thought you were a proper Tory. Turns out you're just another career politician who doesn't give a shit for democracy.
Better late than never but timing interesting on day EU agree Brexit deal? Coincidence?
We believe in You Bianca !!!! On the jargon.... The Brexit is like an episode from The Gilmore Girls. The divorce with the EU is just... cute, it's about a lot, serious, but actually about nothing.
Me, I'm looking forward to Brexit peddlers' own Freedom of Movement being taken away in court.
"Busy days for anti-Brexit shouter in London" (Dutch press) I am that #shoutyman and we are quite busy at #Sodem . We got regular waves from the King of the Netherlands on his recent visit.
Where is RH9? Is that like France or something? Can we move there with Brexit? I jest. We will see you soon! Keep clubbingercising those residents into shape.
UK will stay in customs union without fishing deal, says Macron
Excellent piece sums her total idiocy up brilliantly Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
Brexit: A really simple guide
What the fuck is it with people comparing Brexit to World War 2? Not only does it betray an utter, utter lack of perspective but it also learns nothing from the failure of Project Fear. However Brexit goes down (or doesn't) THERE IS NO EQUIVALENCE TO WW2.
You clearly feel strongly about Brexit so no doubt you have other strong political positions. Why on earth would you want to lose the right to influence the direction of our government? It makes no sense.
People can change their minds without causing division or unrest. changed her mind on #Brexit but refuses to let the public change their mind on #Brexit
The entire world is in chaos.
Everybody but Theresa May hates the #Brexit deal: a story told in quotes via &lt; an epic fail #stopbrexit
PM wanted help selling her deal - instead Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK - Sky News
May will never win another election, they must know this. Their only hope of keeping their jobs is a new pro Brexit leader, yet they still remain silent, strange.
As a centrist I knew that a 52:48 vote needed a compromise. Yet everyone on Twitter is so polarised between "Remain" and "No deal". That is the bit about #Brexit that really worries me.
It's just mind-boggling that there is still such ambiguity about where Corbyn stands on Brexit. He is very clear on so many other issues. Is the ambiguity deliberate or accidental?
I think royalty should be given bigger hadbags, brexit or no brexit.
Guess all the #Brexit trolls will suddenly switch over to defending #Russia over #Ukraine.
At 10 : +Brexit +deal +Juncker +implants +Facebook +cricket driving #BBCNewsTen
EU hopes to clinch Brexit deal on Sunday
If the UK has a change of heart and wants to remain they will have to reapply and they will have to compromise more than they have now. #EU #brexit
Debate? It'll be a hour of them nodding in agreement
Tony Abbott: How to save Brexit
In opposition? Are you sure? One minute Corbyn supporters are telling us that this Brexit disaster is a mess created by the Tories. The next you tell us that Corbyn should chase Leave voters in Labour heartlands, thus putting votes before principles, party before country...
hi yes uk did vote brexit but they didn't in fact know what was brexit . its wasn't explaned. scotland was forced into it. We all Neutral up north here and get along !!
Tony Abbott: How to save Brexit
Very disappointed
Fionna - Labur DID say "No". They said No for 9 months. If they'd said No any longer the stroy would have been all about Labour frustrating democracy, instead of Tory foolishness for forcing Brexit through. There IS a limit to how long opposition can delay Govt you know...
Telling lies about how easy and simple Brexit would be is what got us into this mess in the first place.
I see is trying to win 1st prize in today's "most shit l can spout in a tweet" award.
The brexit that says we are not governed by Europe and where we control our own future.SIMPLE.
Shame she didn't demand a better deal from the EU.......
To get away from people like you, you silly old drunk!
FFS Chap you're gonna put the 3 front bench Muppets in charge of Brexit? Are you crazy? . are currently unelectable. Dumped English working class vote imported the Muslim vote which carries pro Palestinian undertones.
A brilliant, detailed analysis of all that’s wrong with Theresa May’s letter to the Nation about her #Brexit deal, answering her on the facts and the emotion of the travesty. It ends at Tweet 48 with the thundering denunciation, “You are meant to lead the country, not lie to it.”
May told the British people "brexit means brexit, and we're going to make a success of it". Another option would have been to tell the truth, but she preferred to lie.
Brexit
A brilliant, detailed analysis of all that’s wrong with Theresa May’s letter to the Nation about her #Brexit deal, answering her on the facts and the emotion of the travesty. It ends at Tweet 48 with the thundering denunciation, “You are meant to lead the country, not lie to it.”
Thorough (but disturbing) analysis of the Withdrawal Agreement by Julia Lopez. We cannot possibly enter into this arrangement. Basically everything we want is still subject to EU agreement, and everything they want (backstop, CU and money) will all be legally binding.
The white poor are an easy target for smug middle class finger pointing re Brexit
Today's events: Brexit deal happened Russia attacks Ukrainian vessels Caravan arrives at US border I'm eating soup
Tony Blair says Brexit is both, "painful and pointless" .... a bit like him really !
I for one would find two people furiously arguing against each other in favour of something neither of them believe in TV gold
Britain's May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
Clearly this is the perfect time for the UK to be leaving the EU! Almost as if Putin had a plan to break up the EU with Brexit so he could persue his expansion plans with less resistance.
David Miliband has abandoned us ... and lost his chance to change history ... a paper tiger after all ...
BBC News - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out
UK:Leo Varadkar blasts Brexiteers for FANTASY Brexit plan ‘plan B is-- #UK
The EU Has Approved Theresa May's Brexit Deal. Now What?
Who's 'we'? The vast majority of Labour members do want to stop Brexit.
No you’re right, there’s still little chance of a GE over this. I suspect the DUP will abstain on a confidence vote allowing it to run perilously close but they won’t vote FOR which would obviously bring down the government - though I do think a 2019 GE post-Brexit is likely
So what are we paying water rates for if the companies don’t even have the wherewithal or the ability to keep water flowing! Seems like need to add this to mars bars, sky falling in, sun going dark and May getting a good deal for Britain list!
What I get from that is you don’t think Brexit is a good idea so you want another go. I abhor Brexit but I like democracy much more and the ‘if you don’t get what you want try again’ attitude of those who want a 2nd ref is arrogance. I don’t support Brexit, I support democracy.
Need a #WebDesigner or #WebDeveloper? Need to #design #professional #website for your #business? To get all the #web related service please visit: #Conmebol #Christmas #DwightHoward #Brexit #BlackFriday #blackfriday #giletsjaunes #Paris #Saint_sup
Frankly, a #NoDeal #Brexit was the almost inevitable result of a referendum that was purposefully written poorly. If the referendum had included details of how the exit should be accomplished, it never would have passed. Those details are topics of intense disagreement.
#Brexit is done.....
Translated: the PM who puts the needs of 27 countries above that of her own. #brexitbetrayal #brexit #hard
Said it a while ago: *this « deal » isn’t possible * « no deal » isn’t possible * we can’t re-negotiate * so that leaves only no Brexit
"Brexit" deal
TARP requires risk assessment of constants and variables both current and over time. Brexit has changed binary contingencies
Tis the season, for some TREASON! No SM No CU No ECJ Full control of our Seas Full control of our Money Global FTA's No EU control or input in ANY WAY. The only #Brexit is one we actually EXIT! #StandUp4Brexit #MOGGMENTUM #Qanon #WWG1WGA #WTObrexit
United States needs a #Brexit from Mexico to discourage illegal immigration into the country.
I think this is called ‘lying’ - the #NHS will be worse off after #Brexit
Jacob Rees-Mogg defiant against May as he declares he will ‘STAND UP FOR OUR FREEDOM’
if Treasury &amp; Department for Business wanted us to get out of the customs union &amp; out of regulatory alignment with EU they would not now be ringing business leaders &amp; gloating about the “certainty” &amp; “stability” implied by the deal. #ManagedNoDeal
What a complete mess #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Macron is being very 'De Gaulle' about Brexit. "This is your choice, but we are going to make sure we get every advantage possible at your expense" - understandable, but not very friendly, and will only strengthen the Hard Brexiters.
A damning report into the future of education in the UK by . Brexit means a further shortage of teachers in an already under-resourced service. Do you want your kids taught in bigger classes?
A video that clearly illustrates how much has welded herself to the #Brexit withdrawal deal that’s been struck. Hence the questions today about her position in the event it’s rejected by parliament.
They are also fraudulent, because they got their jobs thanks to a manifesto to respect Brexit. Too many are now disrespecting their manifesto and their voters..and being traitors to their country....they are also doing a brilliant job in destroying their party..not bad eh?
(BBC News):#Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to #UK over fishing : The French president gives the UK a reminder of the difficulties ahead in Brexit negotiations. ..
Why not a brexit TV debate with an actual Brexiteer?
Helped ignite british nationalism and led to Brexit....
LISA NANDY LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENCY. THEY VOTED TO LEAVE . DO NOT VOTE FOR THERESA MAYS DEAL IT IS NOT BREXIT. Labour MP Lisa Nandy says it would be "inconceivable" for her to vote up Theresa May's Brexit deal -...
48 letters. That’s it. 48 out of 315 Conservative MPs required to start the end of this madness. Where are you??
This is why there needs to be a cull on the human race
Brexit deal explained: backstops, trade and citizens' rights
(Mail Online):'A miserable failure of negotiation': #Jeremy #Corbyn blasts Theresa May's Brexit deal : The Labour leader said Theresa May's Brexit plan 'leaves us with the worst of all worlds'. His comments came after the Prime ..
Will it bollox!
So the #scottish #National #newspaper is using #Symbolism of the #illuminati on their front page . What is the #Hiddenagenda It clearly seems like their trying to influence #Brexit what is the #Elite planning are they trying to hold #Uk to #Ramson by means of #Mindcontrol ....
1: Yet more boring wibble/waffle. Brexit aint gonna happen. 2; So what? Fair play to USA. 3: So what? Fair play to Russia. 4: Dover: All welcome ;-)
No, it's not 'not accurate', it's tripe
This thread is priceless. Remember, you Brits started this nonsense with Brexit.
Hear hear
#Putin’s timing is sh*te! As #UK #EU #European news broadcasters talk #Brexit: #Russia starts War w/ the #Ukraine by its actions in the Sea of Azov! Brexit only has the OK bcos Merkel &amp; Macron agreed with Putin that Europe won’t stop Russian ‘pressure’ on Ukraine! Kiev is alone!
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Brexit: EU leaders endorse deal at Brussels summit
"It is so stupid, it is almost unbelievable."
Is that the Pre Brexit Stockpile aisle?
May should not be allowed to diminish the importance of the #brexit crisis by turning it into a partisan party political debate. If there is to be a debate. All groups involved should participate.
The reason why wants to challenge to a TV Debate over the #brexitdeal, is because he is in a worst vassalage state than her. Why doesn't , In the Name of God, just resign, so we can fight to #StopBrexitSaveBritain.
But demanding the other side debate you on TV is what you do when you’re not in power
Yeah its called stop polluting the fucking watercourse !
#putin has weakened the west by interfering in elections to create #Trump #brexit and general polarisation, division and impotence. Now he can strike with I impurity. He is a monster but a smart one.
One order of "No Brexit" here please.
The Labour leader said his party will oppose the package in Parliament and work with MPs from other parties to block a no-deal Brexit.
Good, the whole Cabinet has let the country down badly today. There needs to be a complete overhaul of cabinet with a new intake of genuine honest politicians who have the courage to do what is best for the UK. Signing Today’s agreement is a disgrace.@
Just a reminder that #Brexit is a Russian foreign policy win. A divided Europe offers less resistance.
This is a lie and you are, IMO, a liar. I am truly shocked that a statesman would have so little integrity. History will not be kind to you
Free tomorrow night? I am pretty sure you don't need to be a Labour member to attend. See you there...
It’s actually one of the few 90’s Disney films that has become better with age given events with Trump and Brexit.
Brendan exactly right here.
Gloves are off then, roll up your sleeves gentlemen and start your engines.
By Brexit headbanger you mean the winners your still engaging with??
If this poll is representative of the UK, then it shows many are better informed of the reality of #brexit than in the 2016 referendum. Now many are better informed on the reality of it we should have a #PeoplesVote
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain | Editorial
What I really don't understand is if this is all about fish, why they don't support "Least worst Brexit" - EEA, where we'd be out of the CFP, but remain in the single market. It's one of the reasons Iceland &amp; Norway don't join the EU as Fish are important to them both.
In La Linea de Concepcion. Starting to sound like Gibraltar will have blown away by the morning. So that's one less Brexit issue to worry about
Spot on article. To point and blows May and traitors apart .
Then you are (deliberately) talking to the wrong ones. I know of no Leave voters who want a soft Brexit. Anything less than a "no deal" Out is a betrayal of the biggest democratic exercise in British history!
Brexit deal 'better than staying in EU', says Phil...
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day
#EU needs 'profound' reforms post-Brexit: #Macron
We were clearly informed on the leaflet what was involved in voting to leave the EU. Surely anyone voting brexit was to 'leave'. We should have gone on WTO rules and then put things we wanted into place. We should be negotiating now with other Countries. What could the EU do!
What is it about the Go Home vans, Windrush deportations and hostile environment that makes you feel the ending of free movement doesn’t have a racist undertone? #Brexit
Everyone seems to have an opinion about the consequences of Brexit, 'no deal' WTO rules, etc. Reminds me of when I was plastering, listening to developers &amp; agents just before the recession. In hindsight, no one knew what they were talking about, but they were all very confident.
But couldn't debate during the General Election, nah?!
Someone tweeted that British rejection of Brexit &amp; French protests in defense of their welfare state will define our era - which is perfect, though not quite the way they mean 1/3
Remainer May in charge of the Brexit negotiations is like sending a vegan to hunt deer, don't be surprised if all they come back with are some nuts and berries.
O yes. Will it be heard in places where hearts &amp; minds need to be won back to sanity from this crazy #Brexit adventure? Not raising my hopes...
Anyone Connect The Dots, Yet? #TEARGAS #ParisBurns &amp; #Invasion Rushes Tijuana Border To Illegllay Breach USA Border? EU, Macron, May &amp; Merkel Fall, Europe Rejects Refugee Terror, Crime &amp; Taxes #Brexit Revolt Leave Failed Soros Globalists #MassMigration Headimg To USA Borders!
A truly sad day for #UK #EU and #Europe
These lot have completely fucked up this Brexit business.. they’ve completely bottled it
What about the aggression regarding wanting to invade our fishing water after Brexit? Or the Gibraltar land grab..
You seem to know as much about Brexit as much as you do about #fracking. Now wanting to sell the country out as much as you want to poison the land.
If she’s so concerned what the people want, why is she so scared of a people’s vote. Because brexit is for elite tories to get richer by removing workers and environmental protections
Send a letter, in fact, send her two letters. F.O. #Brexit #MayMustGo
Last ditch efforts to continue the mobligarchy. If the US Navy decided to pay a visit to Mauripol right about now, (i) the migrant "caravan" calms down, (ii) Paris rioting stops, (iii) Brexit issue subsides, (iv) migrant flows from ME stop, (v) fascist uprisings end. RU=chaos
Brexit = totally confused and have no idea if this is a good deal or a bad deal.
Final brexit negotiations tightrope
Don't forget that you can find all our past episodes over on our website, complete with link-speckled transcripts (we're catching up!) if you prefer to read your podcasts:
Bollocks. The deal kicks all cans down the road. No certainty whatsoever apart from tax dodgers getting to dodge tax. Who also paid for Brexit. Funny that don't you think?
I cannot understand why firstly she is doing a three week tour to try to persuade people re Brexit and secondly the letter that will finish up as junk mail. Throwing good money after bad because it will be voted down by Parliament!
We had water before brexit and we will have water after brexit.
The only certainty the country needs its total sovereignty. The referendum was not about immigration as May and her friends think. As a free country we can handle that. The Irish border was only made a problem by EU &amp; UK civil servants to deter full Brexit
True for some Tory ukippers but many towns have been fucked over for 20-30years plus austerity and tbh why wouldn’t you vote Brexit if you lived there? Remain have to address causes of Brexit vote
"It might be debt, it might be… a scandal involving small boys....he will do as we ask forever more.” #BrexitShambles #inquiryCSA
May .The people have had enough of your lies and the lies of the eu dictatorship ignoring the people's vote and lies from every underhanded 2faced backstabbing tricks ..the vote was leave ..not this mish mash of rubbish sellouts
EU27 has endorsed the Withdrawal Agreement and Political Declaration on the future EU-UK relations. EU President Donald 's remarks to the press after today’s #euco on #Brexit:
Her Brexit isn’t mine
Stockpile water
This deal cripples our ability to negotiate any further with the EU. No wonder they like it in Brussels. #ManagedNoDeal via
shouldn't your Twitter name be "Alistair The War Criminal, Keep Voting Until You Give Me The Answer I Want EX Pisshead Campbell" #Brexit
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Two words about polls Trump and Brexit
Remainers to be renamed people who Know Nothing of Brexit. Don't be a KNOB!!
All their journalists are busy reporting on the dangers of Israeli listings on
Then you CAN'T support BREXIT, John, can you?
I'm broken. My family is broken. The country is broken. What a deeply sad day and how stupid that May can't empathise with me and those millions like me. She is truly monstrous, out of her depth and probably days from losing her job. I don't feel sorry for her either #StopBrexit
Of course labour can a better brexit deal its called remaining. While respecting the referendum result of course. It must be true Diane Abbott said so.
Aye, because you ken what you're talking about and Macron doesnae. Is that right ya wee shitebag ?
May’s Betrayal Agreement Signed: Britain on the Road to Brexit in Name Only via
Dear MPs Reject the Maydeal, everyone agrees it serves no one's interests. Then, either arrange to stop #Brexit in parliament or give the people the democratic right to determine their future via an informed #PeoplesVote. Nothing could be more democratic than that.
This is exactly what is wrong with this “deal.” It is worse then even I thought TM would do - either she is complete numpty or this is a cunning plan of Baldrick proportions to stop Brexit.
Westminster continues to lie to us.
EU leaders who gathered in Brussels put on a united front to back Theresa May's argument that the withdrawal agreement they endorsed was the "best and only" Brexit deal available.
Are we sure we really want to do this #Brexit - things are going to get very difficult me thinks. BBC News - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Brexit; Another word for Eaton Mess #Brexit
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
High Court ruling could declare #Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
good reminder of how labour's despicable attempts to pander to racists didn't even succeed at their political objective (and helped the racists by making "bogus asylum seekers are stealing your bicycle" an object of nonpartisan consensus)
Chuka I have said it before and I will (undoubtedly) say it again: 1) Brexit is not wholly centred on financial gain also 2) Your experience as an Employment Law Solicitor and Politician does not make you a Financial Soothsayer
You obviously see entirely different News on the TV than I do! I find it Left Leaning propaganda pro EU, multiculturalism &amp; very anti Trump &amp; Brexit etc!
Like watching an injury-ravaged Macclesfield Town play Morecambe on a rainy Tuesday night when a point will do for both teams.
I want a no deal, which is the only way we'll get the Brexit I voted for. EU don't want us to leave, so they were always going to give us a bad deal. No surprise in any of it. How do you even know the EU has a future?
Nice words...but not sure UK will miss us too...
What did we learn from today's summit? That EU27 see nothing good in brexit, prefer deal to no deal, know deal may be rejected - &amp; that if brexit happens, you ain't seen nothing yet: EU will play serious hard ball from fish to gibraltar to state aids
Stop BREXIT! Re-Vote! It was Russian Propaganda!!
The painfully dull television of an election campaign, without the public getting a vote in exchange. This deal is getting worse all the time......
JOG ON LIARS
I absolutely agree, and considering the 'left' is as hell bent on brexit as your far right friends are they are more to your liking than they are mine.
It could err will go very badly for #May &amp; the #Tory party
The only way #TheresaMay can save her #Brexit deal is to have #DavidAttenborough narrate it! #Dynasties #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Non. Pro-brexit anti-fascism are numerous. Even Mrs Thatcher helped bring down the USSR while being heavily Eurosceptic.
Indeed great news. the 1st Medical Royal College to oppose Brexit, support #PeoplesVote. I hope others follow, because #Brexit will harm health &amp; the NHS. RT Great to see our colleagues joining the campaign for a #PeoplesVote …
We are told that it gives us an independent trade policy. A monstrous untruth. Under this deal we have to levy tariffs set in Brussels and continue to send 80 per cent of that cash to the EU. #ManagedNoDeal via
We voted to leave thats the end of it
The Sun will boil off our oceans before we stop arguing about Brexit if May’s deal goes through.
bas the deal is horrible per Brexit standards. People who voted leave are mainly against it w people that voted stay are against it obviously :P
Yes Change your mind. A peoples vote is vital, even your voters like me in Amersham think so. Change your mind. #PeoplesVote #FBPE
They're all actually panicking now, as I think they have realised if they don't agree a deal, then we get out on WTO rules (e.g. proper Brexit) and they can't have that.
Brexit BLOCK: 'Betrayed' Spain made Gibraltar threat for THIS key reason
delusion city!!get it on!!
#EU Agrees 'Best Possible' #Brexit Deal, Urges Britons To Back May | |
Industries Facing the Biggest Impact After #Brexit - #PrescientInfo #America
This is a depressingly precise and concise summary of how has failed the nation, and continues to fail it, just when we needed it most. An absolutely contemptible abdication of responsibility, happy to watch a disaster unfold so long as they can say "It was THEIR fault"
What are the ‘facts’ in favour of brexit, it will make the news if you are able to coherently present them here?
I liked a video PM's fresh warning to MPs after EU leaders back her Brexit deal | ITV News
Yeah, I replayed this 3 times to try to understand why he said this. Unbelievable. This and the two Tory Brexit fanatics v the one reasonable Guardian columnist just raised my blood pressure this morning.
No Brexit, please.
May/Corbyn Brexit debate
Financial Times: May embarks on Brexit hard sell after EU leaders back deal terms #tomorrowspaperstoday
If Theresa May wants me to back her brexit deal she can either fuck off or transfer me a few million quid and a house in Ireland
I know someone who voted for Brexit to bring about Indy.
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal' | via
Exclusive: English youngsters like Jadon Sancho could be denied foreign moves to boost careers after Brexit via
This Brexit deal is the best available | Financial Times-This is a clear Article explaining what the Pros &amp; Cons Of the Deal negotiated between UK &amp; EU is in plain English
That'll be a love in of epic proportions. He will decline because he knows she just wants to sink him with her Brexit.
Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK
#Brexit the country voted to leave, not how and on what terms. Life's tough, I voted to #Remain so the leavers just have to accept that they brought us to this moment
There may will be a second referendum. But not in all of the Union. #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #PoliticalDeclaration
Make do and mend indeed! Many have been having to do that under Tory austerity.
Brexit. Don’t like it.
Over my dead body! Where are you politicians when you can’t feel or see the anger out here? If we don’t have the Brexit we asked for I will never vote again. Ever.
Nope. #Brexit means to maintain British sovereignty, laws, borders, money, &amp; population. Is it in the interest of the British people? Simple guide. You know, what she's supposed to do anyway as PM. Instead, capitulation on every front, even where she had strength of hand.
The official labour remain campaign led by Alan Johnson was so dire I nearly voted for brexit. Truly the most stupid campaign in history
I think it was the state of British politics that gave us #Brexit rather than the other way round. the failed response to the financial crash. Tories driven by ideology; Lib Dems complicit in Austerity; Labour turning its back on ideology and on its core support.
Theresa May always seems to come across as very disingenuous in public debates so won't be doing herself any favours in the current political climate.The public just want Brexit not party political one-upmanship.
The options on the table are this deal, no deal or no Brexit. UK's choice and the EU believes there is very little chance we will accept no deal.
She ducked out of a leaders' debate. But she's prepared to defend this shameful abomination? #Wow
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa #May's #Brexit deal – cartoon
You can see her nose growing with every paragraph
Tory brexit team hard at work.
Just like Somalia? Only country in the World to just trade on WTO rules. EU have 750 painstaking drawn Trade agreements around the world. Day after Brexit we have none.
The EU hate Democracy when they lose!!
I'f like to know if can be charged with anything, If you or I allowed the release of personal info we'd be in jail right now. How is it they're untouchable? Oh yeah, Fuckerberg's got all that money,
Bowllowks to Brexit eh what! What a total fu*kin numpty, but still I've always these clowns are a help to the Brexit cause such is their utter level of bollocksology.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
You should probably keep that to your fucking self because some of us are heartbroken
Why Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Is Terrible For The U.K.
Non. Pro-brexit anti-Russian are numerous. Even Mrs Thatcher helped bring down the USSR while being heavily Eurosceptic.
‘It’s A Tragedy’: EU Approves Brexit Sellout ‘This is the deal, it’s the best possible and EU won’t change its fundamental position when it comes to this issue,’ EU chief Juncker says
Nobady in their right mind should vote for Brexit - not now! - Not now that we know what "Brexit means Brexit" means. A "No Deal" would be even worse.
This letter she's supposedly written "to the public" - I'm the public and I wasn't going to waste my time reading that grovelling shit. Put Brexit in the bin where it belongs and then fuck off yourself!
In a nod to May's efforts avoiding the general election debates Corbyn should send Keir Starmer in his place
I believe my generation (60+) will never forget the duplicity of this Gov. Contrary to what some young people might believe, we can see clearly the dark heart of Mrs May Gov, because it is totally unprecedented in our lifetimes, both in its stupidity and its dishonesty. #FBPE
Dear Melisa. A good advise is wait the reaction after brexit news, my opinion is possible to drop further to 1.129x if it’s happen a good move it’s to bet to 1.125. Saludos.
Fishing rights in exchange for passporting rights?Didn't think so.This language/attitude could force U.K to hard Brexit and not keep the 'level playing field' that France are keen on. Hard Brexit or no brexit. That should be the choice.
We have been coned again
It’s almost like they’re running rings around us and it’s almost like we didn’t hold all the cards and it’s almost like there might be some downsides to Brexit. It’s almost like we might have been the egomaniacs all along?
How you have the cheek to repeat the lie on Boris's bus is beyond me. You are still chucking european citizens out of the country &amp; forcing others to leave because of the attitude of your government &amp; xenophobic leavers. We are loosing valuable EU citizens. Brexit still stinks.
What is Labours intention re Brexit?
So it does Nick.
I just read this piece. I think it reveals the divisions at the heart of Labour over this whole issue. The article confirms they would go into any election promising to do a 'better' Brexit deal, potentially causing a rupture with Remoaner MPs.
I lost count of the times the PM said "brexit means brexit, and we're going to make a success of it". There was no mention of "compromise" at the time. And now she expects people to back her.
PM wanted help selling her deal - instead Spain and France expose brutal reality of #Brexit for UK - #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexitNow #StopBrexit2018 #2ndreferendum
Hope they go for the first.
When a music guy you've always considered to be more intelligent than the rest and whom you utterly respect talks total BS (in your opinion). Come one Bruce, this sucks. Yes, Maiden is a proud UK band but hasn't Maiden always been about tearing down walls?
Peston: ‘For the first time it feels like Brexit will be stopped’.
No brexit is the only good deal you mean
Not weather related but do you think the brexit deal will get through parliament ?
This isn't rumour. It's as clear as the nose on my face.
What kind of a brain fart were you experiencing when you sided with the most idiotic grexiteer who lied even more absurdly than campaigning brexiteers? Why do you struggle accepting the idiocy of brexit?
We have not taken back control but handed over control of our laws – and with no UK presence in Brussels to intercede on behalf of British business or citizens. I really don’t see how any democrat could vote for this deal;
New post (Northern Ireland DUP's Foster: Will 'review' May support if her Brexit deal succeeds) has been published on Daily top pop -
Don’t believe this new tact. She tried ‘will of the people’, ‘respect the referendum’, now it’s bored with Brexit for a week. Strong and stable anyone?
This. Agreed.
Putin ardently desires a weakened UK and a weakened EU. Brexit is a major milestone on the road to fulfillment of that desire. He took active steps to bring it about &amp; he must be rubbing his hands in glee at the thought of it. We need to identify who helped him.
Fishing is 0.05% of GDP..... you are aware of that right? And that most of our fish exports are to the EU..why are you not screaming for Brexit to be stopped?
Ukraine is about to get Georgia 2008ed by Russia and the is talking about Brexit
A must read #indyref2 #DissolveTheUnion
There is more to suicidal Brexit than bloody fish!
Extremely impresive in-depth article on Nigel Farage by #mustread
I hope Jeremy Corbyn accepts Theresa May’s call to challenge her in a Brexit TV debate Based on her pitiful performances in PMQs week after week, he will totally destroy her This could be the icing on the cake
It would be good if this crap at least included the only sensible option - to stay in the European Union. (Hint, the key is in the word union.)
What happens to our employment rights post #Brexit in Theresa May’s deal? What happens to our employment rights post #Brexit in Theresa May’s deal? What happens to our employment rights post #Brexit in Theresa May’s deal?
Britain’s slip from being one of the fasted growing members of the G7 to one of the slowest.. If only the public could more easily see it. It’s in plain sight! #Brexit
I can’t disagree. Brexit plus Trump has given Outin cards he couldn’t have dreamed of holding 5 years ago.
I have thought for a while that brexit, for it's leaders (as opposed to voters) has little to do with the EU. The EU is just a useful base for engineering a far-right coup.
My favourite takes on the current #Ukraine crisis is that #Russia wouldn't have the nerve block the #KerchStrait if #Brexit wasn't happening. Did everyone miss #Crimea in 2014?
'Wales less prosperous after Brexit deal' #stopbrexit
'Wales less prosperous after Brexit deal'
Interesting thread. Please read #NewLabour
Brexit Britain :(
If the #EU agrees, you know it is a bad #Brexit deal
Lead to a far right resurgence? It's already here and it's called brexit!
It might be best Brexit available But in no way is it best for Britain #remain is best #StopBrexitSaveBritain #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #PeoplesVote with #OptionToRemain Even better #revokeA50 now
This is overwhelming.
Such a sad day for us all. I will be gutted to leave on 29 March. EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
Fed up with both hardliner brexit buffoons &amp; the remain-iac, have another referendum until we get the answer we like, mob. Brexit was always going to be a compromise of give n take - the loudmouth purists on both sides don't have credible answers .....
Watching Mad Max: Fury Road, or as I like to think of it; Brexit Britain 2025
A politician that has repeatedly u-turned, lied, given us austerity, given us universal credit, foodbanks and been complicit in the deaths of 120,000 of her own citizens asks us to trust her Brexit deal. Honey, I wouldn't trust you with the TV remote!
Irish Prime Minister Varadkar:The Brexit agreement is still subject to approval by the British Parliament. The possibility of no agreement to leave the European Union is much lower than it was a few weeks ago. #eurgbp #brexit #gbp #gbpusd #fx #forex #trading #currencies
PREACH. GRAEME TRULY WAS THE SPIRIT OF STRICTLY 2018
I think he meant that Brexit is the enemy.
Ed Curran: Who speaks for Northern Ireland on Brexit - Business bosses or the DUP?
Shove your Brexit up your arse, the EU is not the problem.
Go Boris ! Man with a vision.
I'm wondering if a date has been set yet for Parliament to vote on 's #Brexit deal...must be due soon...
EU leaders approve 'best possible' Brexit deal
No England decided!!!! Scotland said no, Northern Ireland said no and Wales said no Mr This whole thing is a joke by some rich white middle aged English men who lied and then ran when the leavers won !
This really tests my resolve to return ftom Portugal! There's good deals &amp; bad ones &amp; then there's the PM's Brexit!
Utter rubbish that we have to get behind May because there is only one deal available, May had a responsibility to the UK to negotiate a good deal, for years she incompetently did nothing, Then the EU put together a deal with shackles for the UK and in a panic she accepts!!
I don't know what all the fuss is about from REMAIN about "hard Brexit". I've got to go to for an appointment at the NHS tomorrow. BrExit is a piece of cake compared to that. Statistically you are more likely to survive BrExit than I am the NHS and all I'm getting is an eye test
If you've not already seen it, do please make the time to read this excellent response to Theresa May's letter.
Best Scenario for U.K. Assets Is New Tory Leader, MUFG Says #Brexit #BrexitAgreement
BRITAIN’S Chancellor of The Exchequer Philip Hammond ‘to lead Cabinet exodus’ if Theresa May goes for no-deal Brexit
The implication here is, of course, that Blair knows Scotland is essentially an English possession without real self-government.
Awww bless.
Hope you're right James......you often are
Let’s see how UK government sell their Brexit policy. I believe it’s a way to promote policies. Forget about the election result, earn back the respect and trustworthy of Taiwanese people. The Brexit deal explained in 60 seconds via
Sanctimonious Angus who voted to leave the eu in 2014. Then got booted out of Westminster.
I did it! I set up a Now you can support me with a monthly payment for a monthly or weekly column (or both) about Brexit, capitalism, climate chaos or constitutional reform Link here: Check my blog for previous work
Didn't they also say this before the Referendum too? But of course they were wrong! Just as they were on the Scottish Referendum and the 2017 GE. Yet you stilk think it's news now and worth repeating.
In an open letter to the nation, May said she would campaign "heart and soul" to get her Brexit deal through. via
Show me some evidence.
Belgium: Brexit deal a 'diplomatic piece of art' says Merkel via
No, it will lead to a return to sanity and reason. Brexit is a disaster and fundamentally wrong for the UK’s future!
May's Betrayal Agreement Signed: Britain on the Road to Brexit in Name Only
This'll be good. We'll flush out Mrs May's disingenuous plans, and we'll humiliate the Communist...neither electable at next GE or whenever.....
It's not just the south. It's international. There are men in Britain like this. Hence, the whole Brexit thing.
You know I’d stop worrying about Brexit for a minute and have a look at what Russia just started doing in Ukraine. Shits getting real. What’s your thoughts?
MSNBC 1:50pm HILLARY CLINTON TO THE GUARDIAN: EUROPE NEEDS TOUGHER. APPROACH TO PHENOMENON THAT FUELED TRUMP &amp; BREXIT HILLARY CLINTON...
And who’s paying for this?
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
May challenging Corbyn to a #Brexit debate is a joke - we want to see her take on an actual Brexiteer - going up against Corbyn is designed to make her look like the voice of Brexit
If I was the editor, I think I'd ask him to sit down and watch Strictly next weekend and try to write a column about that - instead of sending over exactly the same column about Brexit (just a rehash &amp; repeat of that October fringe speech) for the 4th consecutive Monday in a row
'Look at the HORROR!' Tony Blair SAVAGED by Andrew Marr in tense second Brexit vote row
Petition: STOP BREXIT #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote
Alright, but #PeoplesVote?
Why? I can’t fathom why this is a good thing to do. Or even a logical thing to do.
She'd sell out her grandmother to cling to office!
well said the #BrexitDeal is horrendous and I wouldn't be surprised to see the Tories replaced by Labour quite soon...
Labour plays waiting game over second #Brexit referendum - #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexitNow #StopBrexit2018 #2ndreferendum
Do you really hope that, or, secretly, do you hope we remain, and you get to go on carping about "lost opportunities" for the rest of your miserable life, rather than have to take responsibility for the massive damage that any form of brexit will bring? #StopBrexit
Another flaw in Mays agreement
I think there is zero we will no deal chance. The choice is this deal or no Brexit.
Sorry I've lost complete faith in Theresa May and this lot in parliament!
What he’s doing is standing by silently allowing enough rope for the Tory govt to hang themselves on Brexit. Trouble is that it’s not in the interests of the country.
It is shameful! May has betrayed those who voted for Brexit and now the Christians (again!). Its time for a change. Next time im asked to vote my X is going in the UKIP box.
Talk about becoming more English than the English themselves...Was there no Val Doonican ever played in the house? Mind you, Delaney's donkey has more chance of winning than May's Brexit deal.
Clever. Very clever. She knows Corbyn’s position is an absolute crock of shit.
More examples of how little we actually pay towards EU membship here:
If you’re a Lecturer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The PM has changed her tune since the General Election!
We were told to "build a bridge and get over it" when we who didn't want Brexit go and do the same!
Oh, now this could be worth popping some corn for. Someone who didn’t write it, versus someone who didn’t read it.
We do not want to be part of Brexit. We want our country back
Glad y’all connected! Two must listen podcasts!
. should be reviled as the worst Prime Minister this country has ever had, because she is stubbornly - and knowingly - dragging us down a path of wretched ruin to #Brexit? She is actively expending every effort to render us worse off.
Habemus #Brexit! Now, Cpurtesy of #Trump’s disinterest, #Europe will finally be able to have its own #defence
Yes, but he also thinks Brexit is better than remaining in the EU so shows what he knows!
This.
Brexit bedlam consolidates support for EU and euro in Republic
The tension can spill out anywhere. Russian aggression a tool to divide those who are struggling to agree. Brexit is in this mix.
It’s obvious with all these open clauses that the EU know they will be renegotiating our deal for the next two years as they won’t want us to leave with no deal, which is a real prospect unless they get it right #brexit
Elegantly succinct.
In the name of the wee man! The Tory govmt will fall exactly because it is pro Brexit and what does labour say it will campaign for? Brexit. I have no adequate words for this idiocy. plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
He’s going to mop the floor with her ugh
What you mean is "abstained on Brexit, as encompassed by LibDem motion for EEA membership, &amp; on a further Referendum when very little information about Brexit reality or EURef illegality had come out". Happy to fix that for you. Oh - &amp; voted *Against Govt on Brexit 73 times*
Gina it will be one of those Brexit fools who keep calling LBC they are all thick as shit.
#Brexit under the #WithdrawalAgreement is thus clearly a worse deal than #remain|ing in the #EU. I hope that a new generation of British politicians will in time recognize this and lead the country back into the #EU. /3
Britain’s prime minister is fighting a three-front battle to save her Brexit deal. The prospect of losing power to Jeremy Corbyn might motivate Conservatives to abandon her as leader.
Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK
Indeed. There is absolutely no Brexit dividend.,even Brexiter Rees-Mogg kicked that can fifty years down the road.
I hope I will be able to vote for you again because you will do everthing you can to block Brexit and to persuade your colleagues to reject the proposed deal. Brexit will harm the many, not the few.
At some point, I will break my silence about the proposed #Brexit deal. Still deciding how I feel about it. And if we should cut our losses and prepare for No Deal.
Wake up from your turkey-induced tryptophan coma! Join and I live on , 5-8p New York time: -Black Friday's come and gone - retail reality check -Brexit breakthrough in the EU -S&amp;P falls into correction We're also streaming on
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal. Jeremy wins the tv debate = what? Theresa wins the tv debate = what?
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Need a #WebDesigner or #WebDeveloper? Need to #design #professional #website for your #business? To get all the #web related service please visit: #Russian #RiverPlate #iKON #Ukraine #pakistan #Everton #NESTIVAL2018 #Victory #Brexit #brexit #alonso
When do brexit negotiations news come out?
You are quite right but it is not only May:it is most of the Remainers civil servants and establishment in the 'bubble'! All those who were surprised by the BREXIT result! I won a very nice bottle of malt as a result!
Forward Ukraine! The Brexit is paid by Soviet Agressors
Why does anyone pay attention to him? That he's considered May's replacement ie: our next PM, by Brexit nutters is bizarre, And 's failure to get his letters proves the airtime he is gifted by the media way outweighs his actual importance too. #BrexitChaos
Remain broke the law the outspent leave by more than 2 to 1
UK Parliament: TAKE THE RESPONSIBILITY TO STOP BREXIT NOW AS THE REFERENDUM WAS NEVER BINDING via
Lets go #WTO &amp; look to #Commonwealth #America #China &amp; #Pacific region then pull up the draw bridge #Europe has fallen and civil war is coming #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit #MAGA #PeoplesVote
Will cost double though..someone told me the post Brexit pound coin is 50p.
have you read this rebuttal? Suggest you do before encouraging support for May's deal. It's devastating... and you guys have had your day.
A head to head between &amp; does not represent all of the options. We need a representative for WTO/no deal - as it is after all the default outcome if nothing else wins support in parliament. #Brexit #BrexitDebate
But for sure, I’m clear about this: We voted Leave. We must Leave. No second referendum. No ‘exit from #Brexit’. Or Westminster democracy dies.
The Independent: Voters in most vulnerable Tory seats back fresh Brexit referendum, major study finds.
Ooooh! I got blocked by ! Don't think I've been blocked by anyone before. I will miss his insightful comments on the difficult cultural problems highlighted by #brexit and his genuine empathy for the youth of Europe.
Dear EU, we will keep shouting. X
Sounds Like The U.K. Is Screwed From The Tone Of The E.U. PM wanted help selling her deal - instead Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK #Trump #MAGA #2A
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Great move
The latest Scisocscriber! Thanks to #euthanasie #brexit
Judges poised to fast-track explosive legal challenge after Theresa May’s ‘failure to act’ on growing evidence of illegality
#Brexit.. looks like a no deal then..!!!!!!!
peoples vote first .... corbyn must go ...
Two remainers debate #Brexit... LOL. That's never gonna happen.
The commons vote on May's #brexit deal is likely to be in just over 2 weeks. Why aren't #PeoplesVote #FBPE asking their MPs to vote it down? Instead they're waffling on as if Corbyn/Labour are in charge and can stop brexit/call a referendum. They truly are tory trolls.
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
Shove May's deal shove no deal Scotland voted remain and we meant it sovereign Scots will just repeal the 1707 Act of the union and an independent Scotland in the EU come join us and get the hell away from Little England's brexit mess and their lost empire
This letter is excellent
I heard that this Brexit agreement wd affect the British military. How does that affect NATO?
Probably because Brexit needs to be nipped in the bud before it’s even born.
The English have not been a good ally for quite some time. Seems Globalism and alliance to the Brussels crowd has been more important to the poor leaders in GB. Even after the citizens voted to get out with Brexit, they're still in.
Both Parties being stretched and tested to destruction..
Hey Laurie....I may not like his stance on Brexit, but he’s doing his bit regarding deforestation and attacking UC.
1 deal not to back Brexit deal. ‘ it’s not given the right deal to all of us who voted out ‘ out ‘ it’s a simple as that ! the politicians fail us yet again . Time after time .
But she will eventually when she`s Prime Minister and has finally sorted out Brexit won`t you Lou !!! :-)
Trident, Brexit, an unjust foreign policy, tax evasion. Damn right we have ‘grievances’
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Shortening their lifespan??
See our joint letter as part of 117 #grassrootsforeurope groups asking Donald Tusk not to shut the door to the U.K. Now we are seeing the reality of brexit rather than the fantasy, support for brexit is plummeting.
EU’s only Plan B is preparing no-deal Brexit: official
She’s definitely got experience of all the bad things that are supposed to happen to the economy after Brexit, she’s caused them in Scotland
it is pathetic. She basically wants to run a mini Brexit referendum campaign but without any votes been cast. She then wants to claim victory and tell her MPs it is their duty to do what the public wants. Labour must not touch this with a bargepole.
Finally, the greatest problem with remain is that it's a 'movement' curiously unaware of how awful tory Britain already is, that Tory austerity has killed 100,000 already as well as curiously unwilling to actually put pressure on the government and media actually behind brexit
30% rise in robberies, destitution and homelessness as HMG reject economic &amp; social rights of one third of UK citizens too low paid to afford rent, food, electric without assistance. #Brexit provides a PR distraction from this crime against humanity.
Creative industries will suffer a terrible blow from Brexit, highlighted a similar scenario for the gaming industry:
"The #EU's current leadership bears responsibility for #Brexit" – PM #Orbán -
The referendum offered the choice of remaining in, or leaving, the EU. May's so called deal DOES NOT take us out of the EU. No wonder she made you 4th choice Brexit Secretary, decide nothing, do nothing, do as you are told. POINTLESS, USELESS , SHAMELESS.
No shes done it on purpose so she looks like the voice of Brexit against Corbyn - lets see her debate a Brexiteer
I want to #StopBrexit because my seriously ill sister relies on EU27 specialist gastric nurses to look after her during her many stays in hospital. The Brexit vote has already led to several leaving the UK to be replaced by non specialist temp staff. This puts her life at risk.
The problem is the government isn’t doing well in anything, Crine, Transport, NHS, where does it stop May us a disaster.
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit via
I'm afraid that Theresa May never relaxes into a quasi- human mode where she might for instance have said, "...of course I feel sad". She has to maintain the rigid posturing stance that she has adopted from the beginning. Also very obvious now that she is under immense strain.
Rumour is DUP will vote with . That DUP has more to loose than May and are bluffing- come on lead us out of the destruction of #Brexit and force a
Sorry bud. I’ll go back to pushing shit uphill with a blunt stick. It seems like a more worthwhile activity that this Brexit bollocks.
It's one more reason that post-Brexit UK needs to avoid being pressured into accepting US food imports that don't meet our current standards.
May brings in new #Brexit minister
You won't get #brexit unless the public vote in brexit backing MPs whatever their party. You need a brexit government that calls a brexit election.
This is the set of events that are running through my head almost all the time at present. I can’t see how May has the numbers to get this deal through. So then what?
There is no logic or consideration of facts in what people say in relation to Brexit. I really try to use logic and consider facts in this. They tell me we're screwed, certainly for the next few years.
Hey - Mrs May blew her majority by listening to experts like you who said Corbyn would lose an election by a landslide. That loss means her Brexit deal won't go through.
Timmy .. you do know that Tory brexit strategy was classic Nazi playbook.. austerity for years making people poorer.. and blame foreigners ... so Alistair is right
The Conservative Party was the only obstacle left to thwart the #EUMafia Sharia May (a pure liberal infiltrator) being elected as PM gave her and her henchmen the time they needed to destroy that party within. All well planned. #brexit was supposed to be a remain win. UK no more
'Art. 185, which states a Northern Ireland Protocol ‘shall apply as from the end of the transition period’. Once the Protocol is in force, the UK cannot leave it except by ‘joint’ decision of the UK and the EU.'
Well said so will you give these people #PeoplesVote
Read this thread and remind yourself how awful New Labour were on asylum and immigration policy.
The people listed all want different things. Some are EU federalists others want reform from within. Leave exactly the same. Some want customs union and freedom of movement. Some want an FTA others want a WTO Brexit. May/Corbyn or whoever can’t deliver a satisfactory outcome.
Brexit will definitely happen.
This is getting ridiculous: outside the ideological bubble around anyone can see Tory Remainers will support the #PeoplesVote, which Remain would now easily win, but not a motion of no-confidence leading to an election Labour might win--however unlikely under Corbyn
EU leaders still hope for post-Brexit fishing access
There are a set of appallingly obsequious so called journalists who've consistently misreported and misled on Labour's position whilst failing to challenge the Tories on vital matters including Brexit. The 'C' word springs to mind ... Corruption?
It's time to leave
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her #Brexit dreams - #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexitNow #StopBrexit2018 #2ndreferendum
She'll probably just end up sending Amber Rudd again.
Now we go live to #Brexit
For the first time in my life I have not been able to watch any news broadcast today. But there is no way I can watch or listen to pontificate and lie over the #brexit disaster. She is culpable in diminishing this countries standing politically &amp; economically
CORRUPT or just STUPID? BBC Scotland reporter claims fishing access not part of any Brexit agreement, despite official document text indicating otherwise
This. We need a #PeoplesVote.
Jenkins because her husband is supporting Mays botched deal. had an outburst at airbus saying it was "saber rattling". Since then he has seriously moderated his line on brexit.
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit from The Economist The best is yet to come!!!!!!!!!!
Rubbish! A no Deal Brexit will create ideally propitious conditions for the forthcoming #RaabRevolution
A very good idea from and one that will no doubt stop the flood of people leaving the party.
This is Putin's trial balloon for just invading the rest of Ukraine with uniformed soldiers. This is realistically the best time to do it with Trump in office and Europe worried about Brexit. If he gets it, who is going to take it back?
Which, imho, was the purpose and plan of the tRUmp administration and Brexit. Chaos creates opportunity for more chaos, challenging relationships, resources and resolve.
You changed your mind on Brexit. Let the people change theirs. #PeoplesVote
I've always liked the suggestion that we 'get the politicians we deserve'; it would seem we'll find out soon, then, what this democracy *deserves*... #Politics #poverty #Brexit #BrexitDeal #Marr
It is impossible for Brexit to pass at the moment, 91 Conservative MPs are against the Agreement
Q: as a result of house prices falling by 50% will my house be worth the same as it was before. May: it will be worth a different amount #brexit #LetterToTheNation
Ah, Ukraine so desperate to join EU - pat them on the head - good distraction from Brexit vote. Ramp up the aggression, there may not be a Common's vote.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum - The Guardian via
So what have we learned about Brexit today? 1 Far from taking back control Gibraltar shows that leaving EU hands control to other nations. 2 May's deal is based on lies. 3 The EU is not the enemy. Leavers ignored Russia, the real danger. 4 We must remain for sake of our lives.
Theresa May really has nothing substantial about her #BrexitDeal. All she has is pathetic soundbites like "in the national interest" and "what the people voted for". On both of these, #Brexit isn't in the Scottish interest and the Scots didn't vote for it. #KeepScotlandInEurope
Xenophobia and racism were perpetuated during the 90s and 00s in part because of the hateful language and callous immigration policies of New Labour. We cannot fight xenophobia with xenophobia, nor racism with racism.
If wanted it settled, #PeoplesVote leading to "Remain" would be best option. - Brexit would very soon wither, diseased as it is... A Transition or No Deal will drag on for years...
If she thought leaving was such a bad idea then, how can she as a sane person who knows what she’s doing to our country by doing a complete U turn carry on lying to herself &amp; us about another bad deal she’s done which is at best mediocre &amp; will never beat our EU deal #stopbrexit
Anyone who joined or supported the Labour Party believing the party would oppose Brexit, which apparently motivated a lot of people at the last general election, has been taken advantage of because Labour are running the clock out on it instead of opposing-
*injects bleach into veins
"Now it is time for everybody to take responsibility -- everybody," said Michel Barnier, the Frenchman who has ground out the withdrawal treaty over the past 18 months. via
They are talking rubbish then. No Deal or WTO Brexit is favoured by the majority.
FIXED IT: One ineradicable fact remains. If Labour had a centrist leader since 2015 Tories would have the whip hand over Brexit. Centrists now struggle to hide their lack of credibility. The ego of some centrists has never felt so fragile.
Voting Ja or Nein on the deal is the only sensible way forward. No-one knee what the last vote was for, as it turns out, so. Owner have the facts it has to be another vote. Then no-one can argue it. #brexit #boreoff #playuppompey
Amongst everything else going on at the moment, I hope this is not Russia using the #Trump / #Brexit / #climatechange noise as a smokescreen to further extend his reach.
Britain's opposition Labour Party will oppose Brexit deal: Corbyn
Theresa May: "The British people don’t want to spend any time arguing about Brexit.” She hadn't spent much time on Twitter lately I guess.
Ultimately those are our options, whether you like them or not, unless you have another idea. I maintain 2nd Referendum is the least bad option and I note you haven't suggested a better alternative. In any case asking us to unite behind a disastrous Brexit is a clear no from me
Fishing issue will bring about the No Deal Brexit we voted for.
Some of the middle aged are pretty pissed off with them too.
To late. Only one way out. WTO WTO WTO
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out.
Hi Tracey, as a resident in Chatham, can you please confirm that you won't back the PM's brexit deal? I love you as my MP, but how you vote will decide your fait at next election. Please dont let us brexiteers down #brexit
Well well well
Brexit SCRAMBLE: Theresa May ‘will FAIL’ to seal immigration curbs in time to win vote
The Dancing Doughnut as made a proper pigs ear of it... Infact they all have.. Cameron bit the bait &amp; buggered off when he DIDN'T get his way and Farage DID get his way &amp; also buggered off. And we've been left with Clowns deliberately turning it into a Circus #Brexit
U.K. and E.U. Leaders Cinch Brexit Divorce Terms
Someone should do an FOI request to see how much has been spent on Brexit deal advertising - not to mention the huge negotiating/drafting effort.
If #brexit deal is that good, let the country decide #PeoplesVoteNow
Brexiteer's are very upset with Mrs May using the word 'BREXIT' when her version is not 'BREXIT'. When her team say back Brexit - this is an insult to the British people's intelligence &amp; to the Brexiteer's intelligence. One thinks of the 'Emperor's New Clothes' as an example.
You are sounding more and more like Lord Halifax, pre WWII. Brexit means Brexit.
Neither will the middle-aged. I certainly won’t, and as a business owner, I should be their natural supporter. and Ken Clarke supporting this hideous deal has been a huge disappointment. The saying is true: you can’t trust a Tory.
To me, this is the one quote which best describes the pain the voters brought upon themselves and why #Brexit should not be avoided by legal shenanigans: "Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard." - H. L. Mencken
The deal unlocks? It LOCKS the UK into a deal with EU as us as a vassal state. The public need a no deal Brexit with no divorce bill and no interference with our borders. If EU want a border in Ireland let them build it. It’s irrelevant and unnecessary. No borders by Switzerland
I would advise him/her to leave the country if Brexit does not happen .
Lovely dinner with the other pairing scheme participants. Lots of chat about science, research and Brexit! #SciWestminster18
Bullfuckingshit. The Tories are solely responsible for Brexit, you disingenuous cockwomble.
I’m an immigrant, brexit get me out of hereeee
I saw this. It was impressive
Never you mind, Nige. I (and many others) supported your campaign for BREXIT and ended voting for what you preached and anticipated. Then as soon as we won, you pissed off and left us in a mess. Stop spouting shite and do something about it
Excellent description Jo. And what an unusually innane example that wankpuffin truly is
What would your response be if those were hard Brexit supporters destroying copies of the deal in that way?
Because she didn't oppose austerity. And she's making exactly the same mistake not opposing Brexit (another policy of the right..).
Any MP thinking of backing ’s #BrexitBetrayal needs to read this.
Its a bit ludicrous for a PM who didn't turn up for General Election campaign debates to think this is a brilliant wheeze
All true. If anything Mrs May's letter has made me more against Brexit than I was before.
Well he's made a filthy mess of this. Instead of forcing the gov't to give us a say on the deal, and a chance to stay in, he wants an election which he may not win - leaving us where we are but worse. And if he does win, we've still no clear idea of what he will do about Brexit.
Featured design- Brexit Not in my name 59mm size choose badge or magnet
#PeoplesVote It is strange that since finalisation of #Brexit deal BBC has never interviewed a remainer member of Tory party !!
And trump spent the day golfing. Unreal
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
Of course labour can get a better brexit deal its called remaining. (While respecting the referendum result of course) It must be true Diane Abbott said so.
Short thread: Brexit &amp; Empathy. Mrs May's complete inability to express any form of sadness at today's events leads me to wonder if an empathy deficit isn't at the root of support for Brexit. (And don't tell me she was a Remainer, for heaven's sake, because that's just silly.)
The Brexiters I know are nice people but empathy doesn't come high in their list of attributes. They generally appear to be unable to see that Brexit does harm to others, or if they do see it, they consider the harm to be necessary.
#EUSummit - European Socialists underline that #Brexit decision “can be reversed if the UK was to change its mind.” : via
So we have the pleasure of Theresa May dragging around a dead goat for the next few weeks as she pleads for help bringing it back to life. You wonder as a nation how low we have become #Brexit #BrexitShambles #sad
I'm sure some Labour MPs will vote with May also. When May said there are 3 options (1 her deal, 2 no deal and 3 no brexit) she was was trying to scare MPs into voting for 1 by scaring brexiters with 3 and remainers with 2.
Yep...indy at any costs for many. Unfortuantely for those people when they see the chaos caused by Brexit the thought of being out of the EU and out of Scotland's biggest trading market (the UK) will probably make indy even less likely.
"Instead of an immigration system based on where people come from, we will build one based on the skills and talents a person has to offer." #brexit Zijn we nu allemaal zot aan het worden?
My children have eaten my jaffacakes. Is nothing sacred? This is #Brexit Britain
If and refuse to back a #PeoplesVote, will you leave , . We need individuals of principle, not self-interest political calculation. #Brexit
As everybody is using the "divorce" metaphor, could that mean that Britain's decision to "leave" was sth like a midlife crisis .. and all its citizens will soon be children of divorce? #brexit
I'm afraid most Brexiters are like the Dragons Den guests who think they know more than the Dragons and get angry when it's pointed out that their business is a non starter . Pity Brexit wasn't just a TV show...
Thankyou for voting against the #brexit agreement You are protecting our NHS and the poorest in this country. #People_UK
Pertinent. May is acting like she's the victim in all this instead of the driver. A cunning &amp; effective ruse
Wow my grans opinion of Brexit has really changed within 9 hours...
#ProjectFear mongers lying as usual. #Brexit #MayMustGoNow
- Brexit provides economic opportunity for Ireland
I can see people taking to the streets if this goes thru, never mind climate change blocking the roads in London The whole country will be stopped when 17.4 million want to show that they want Brexit and their Sovereignty in TACT
I’m struggling to understand why remainers don’t like May’s deal, which is basically the UK staying in the EU. If remainers vote against it, it could trigger a referendum which results in a much harder brexit. Quit while you’re ahead.
What he is implicitly saying therefore is that the English have never been ruled by Brussels. So why Brexit?
Nor will the old or the inbetween just the inhuman.
You really don't have to advertise the fact that BBC Brexit, I mean 5 live will be talking about Brexit. I wonder what you'd talk about if we voted to stay. I used to love 5. Never listen now
Since #Anglicans were partly responsible for getting us into this #BrexitShambles by tipping the #brexit vote, how about doing some positive repentance by supporting a #PeoplesVote - would be good also to hear supportive voices from #bishops
Well here's something you don't hear every day! Some sense spoken by Lord Adonis at last.
You had a very narrow margin won on lies, fascist posters, corruption and criminality. We will never support brexit, unite behind it or its supporters, talk it up, back it or be positive about it in any form It will be resisted until it is reversed.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
PETER KELLNER: The case for a second poll grows by the day
The difficulty with the negotiating the next phase is that the UK will do so with a weaker hand....
I feel like I've been left on a railway platform, alone, &amp; am watching the train build up speed as it leaves the station. The cafe, with its rubbish tea, and stale biscuits, will be shut. I am hoping that the driver will change his mind, reverse, and rescue us from #Brexit.
This didn’t age well
Now Brexit talks are over for the time being, here are some pics of what looks like a Jean-Claude Juncker and Michel Barnier bromance (Pics Getty)
Some Big Brother nineteen eighty-four shit going down here
Poll #Brexit
Didn't hear any mention in #TheArchers. Funny, that. Agriculture will be an early victim of #Brexit.
Book burning..fascism..racial hatred...Brexit - synonyms all!
We all had better get prepared from tomorrow because Theresa May wants to speak directly to the British people to sell the #Brexit deal to the public. That’ll be fun. We all know how great she is at speaking directly to people.
Voting Ja or Nein on the deal is the only sensible way forward. No-one knew what the last vote was for, as it turns out, so now we have the facts it has to be another vote. Then no-one can argue it. #brexit #boreoff
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
We are indeed heading for another global recession, already under way but not remotely attributable to Brexit The electorate have decided, its a long term decision, its never going to be the right time for those who are against it
Haven’t you got the brexit deal to be worrying about fella?
Don’t presume to lecture me on what you think I need to understand when it comes to politics and economics...open your eyes. Brexit, the worst WM gov (probably ever), Scotland’s voice ignored,...! “Jimmy Krankie”, sheesh, how old are you? Gonna give yer maw her phone back!
My conclusion, for some time, has been that the EU is much more willing to deal with the ramifications of any version of Brexit than the UK is.
This a HUGE development. Its another slab in this push for a ‘no deal’ outcome so that it ends being May’s deal or Remain as is. It isn’t abt Labour’s brexit. Its a vague May BRINO (all SM &amp; CU retention bollox). The key thing here is the move to stop a genuine Leave!
Random counterfactual question: As of, say, halfway through the 2016 EU referendum, can you imagine any realistic situation in which - in the event of a Leave vote - the government could have *avoided* triggering article 50 (to follow a "slowly negotiated Brexit")?
A lot of anger/sadness in my TL this evening and then *this* from our PM to rub salt in the wounds. Truly great leaders understand the importance of diplomacy and that what you say matters. Stunned that Mrs May thinks this is an appropriate response.
[October 2018] This grand plan to help domestic abuse victims looks set to fail | Isabel Hardman | Opinion | The Guardian
The security and defence threat posed by May’s Brexit deal via
You voted for Brexit - Article 50 to respect the result. EU says no other deal is available. You will vote against the deal. You will vote against no deal. Please explain what your objective really is other than to deliberately gridlock parliament for party political reasons?
All as an unfit installed RU POTUS spends his time hitting that little white ball.
Giant douche vs Shit sandwich on tv? Seriously?? Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal
She clings like sh1t to a blanket
We should take it and start mending our relationship
The latest Casino Law Group Daily News! #brexit #thanksgiving
Some people snigger when I keep raising the fishing issue regarding Spanish commercials illegally netting in our waters, they think its a non issue. Yet access to British fishing grounds seems to be a hot potato in the Brexit negotiations ...
See when the PM talks about ‘for the good of the country’ which country is she referring too ??? #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Whatever happened to that #Brexit bus?
She’s in no position to demand anything. He’s not her lackey.
But is what he said on Brexit wrong? Is it not possible to be wrong on Iraq and right on something else?
Well said Dan. Nobody knew what Brexit we were being led into
I got to #1 and I found a reason why it’s a pile of shite. #brexit #peoplesvote
Bye bye Philly No Mates..! Brexit and beyond.
The $EURUSD had a lot of weight on its shoulders on Fri including PMI data showing slowing growth, #Brexit &amp; #Italy's budget negotiations. ST support has been broken &amp; resistance test failed. 1.1300 is ST level to watch. #Forex #trading #FX Losses may exceed deposits
#May’s #Brexit deal is already #doomed. Here’s how the Christmas #meltdown could play out
Exactly leave the Xenophobes to get on with it. Assume Brexiters will be prioritised for the resulting job losses if Brexit goes ahead. Its only fair as they voted for a Brexit irrespective of whatever deal. Own your Brexit Brexiters.
”End of freedom of movement”. Take a few minutes to think about this. This is meant to be a positive. Ending your rights to be free..to move...#brexit #bollockstobrexit
I would be able to get over it if brexit wasn't turning out to be the complete disaster I knew it would. My anger at the lies and deceptions of brexit are entirely contiguous with my anger at the lies that legitimise inequality and injustice.. It is the same machine.
It's the same drivel over &amp; over again. Control of borders etc. Always had all of those powers, just seriously underfunded public services that can't cope. You're selfish &amp; pointless giving into tax dodging, jingoistic hypocrites #indyref2 #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit
There is no Irish border. The only border that has ever existed on the island of Ireland was a British border and the only border that will exist after Brexit will be a British border. No Brits No Border.
The New times rw - Brexit and the global economy
#EU needs 'profound' reforms post-Brexit: #Macron
At least you knew who has working for. You're a Legantum Fellow, aren't you. Educated in Germany not the UK? Right?
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams.
For the record...
Jon, by any measure you couldn’t say Brexit is going well. How about we all take a pause from this madness? If someone can present a plan that works we could vote again?
no Brexit will open a Pandoras box as would another referendum. #WTOBrexit or #NoDealBrexit is the only way to deliver the referendum result.
Theresa May now wants a debate to sell her Brexit deal, but oddly couldn’t find that time to sell her party‘s manifesto to the country at the 2017 election.
Didnt she chickened out of debating in the 2017 GE? Time yo give the favour back and just ignore her...or, I don't know...send Chuka in?
So Russia escalates the tensions with Ukraine. Because they know the murder-forgiving, treasonous, morally-bankrupt sociopath in the White House will do NOTHING. (and my PM is too chicken-shit to take a stand on anything in case it impacts post-Brexit trade deals)
“EU leaders approve Brexit deal”
'Division and uncertainty' if Brexit deal rejected, Theresa May warns - Sky News Not read the article, must be referring to her cabinet.
no it isn't.
And the US-Mexico border is perhaps the least volatile global story right now:
There is no way she will appear on stage at the same time with him no way , she will have pre given questions pre taped answers there will be no debate
, wants debate with Corbyn. Hope he ignores her. Her opponents are the 17.4m that voted for BREXIT; come and debate with us. #StandUp4Brexit
Russian manipulation of #Brexit is complete. Great day to slip advance into Ukraine under the radar
If you let Brexit happen you are in muchcwirse position to fix other. And we have 3 months or to stop Brexit. So practice leadership
Theresa May wants to debate Jeremy Corbyn on television over Brexit.
Seriously, what’s there to smile about .
Conservatives deliberately missleading us.
Not sure if that exists outside Paris. Elsewhere in France, little or no interest in Brexit. They have huge domestic problems of their own, for which the finger points at Macron.
wait long enough and it’ll be 29th March, its stumps, then its shoulder-shrugging stuff, finger pointing, meanwhile the tulips ordered for wife’s birthday lie stranded at Harwich docks-she’ll have to make-do with a Vesta curry
For me this represents #Brexit: An inexorably, drowning, Heath-Robinson-esque pointless, weird entity (the "UK") looked on by dispassionate 'others' very far away.
Most likely a bot... Current top 10 Russian bot keywords might indicate aims of inflaming divisions over Brexit Macron's troubles, and amplifying doubts over BBC news impartiality.
Missed this when it came out. But certainly the week for it.
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing.
In all this #BrexitChaos is very quite. There is no adequate opposition party. I am worried that he waiting for the British state to collapse after #Brexit so that he can rebuild it into his vision of a socialist utopia.
‘It’s A Tragedy’: EU Approves Brexit Sellout
Is somebody gonna tell him?
, very well done on the topic of immigration and Brexit in Europe this afternoon on
Oh what a tangled web we weave....
Every Leave voter should read this. It is time to sober up and stop fantasising - Brexit can, will, only be a disaster. Stop it now
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
I want ALL the MPs to be honest and tell their constituencies the truth, with as many facts and figures as they could get - only the true facts, draw their attention to their tax forms - to see how small the EU contribution is, etc! Down with Brexit! #REMAIN
"You are the one who spearheaded, supported, and enabled this movement of empirical romanticism and prejudiced, xenophobic bile." - 's letter to Teresa May
After refusing to debate Jeremy Corbyn during the general election campaign, May now wants one? I think Jeremy should do it, he’d wipe the floor with this botched Brexit deal and with the robot that is apparently our Prime Minister
Perfectly said!! Lets go with "Brexit means Brexit"
Just a guess.... #brexit #lDonaldTrump etc or maybe no human Dreamies equivalent to prompt interest? But maybe colleagues know?
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Remainer Tories have started piling in behind the Deal. I suppose they’ve bought the National Interest line. But RIP the last real chance to stop Brexit.
Indeed. Much less spent 4 decades advocating it. RT : None of the others ever, in their adult political careers prior to the Brexit vote, advocated leaving the EU.
#BollocksToBrexit ‘#SocialistSunday’ ‘Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Brexit in a gif...
This particular British person doesn’t want any of it and will fight `Brexit forever.
My grandparents are Irish and emigrated to England when they were 16 to work and lived there for 50 years. They rared three children English born and all of their grandchildren are also English born. I consider myself both Irish and English and I have an Irish passport.
Post-Brexit, in a continuation of our hostile environment policy, the UK is likely to reject travel visa applications from EU27 citizens to enter because they don’t think they’ll leave...
Political agreement endorsed today #BRexit - the sad moment 1 month before Christmas Will stay with Europeans ... but negotiations and ratification ahead ... #Europeanization what impact?
They did not vote for any of them. I suggest it is a UK Brexit exit for the UK which concerns us.
It did not influence me at all I made my mind up to vote to leave not deal the EU long before the bus turned up
The way #PM keeps insisting is giving us # Brexit we voted for in face of evidence 2 contrary simply not normal
Hear, hear!
Can't wait
Or the old. Come to think of it, I was 50 or more years younger when I realised I could never vote for, or forgive, Tory governments. And some Labour ones haven't been much better.
There needs to be a third Peladon based story where Aggedor campaigns for Peladon to leave the Galactic Federation and makes misleading claims in support of this #DrWho #Brexit
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Pants on ....
Hard Brexit, People’s Vote, No Deal, Chequers. Only one sensible option. Let the people decide. They only now know what they are voting for. The politicians have lost the plot!
If that’s the thinking, it is grievously mistaken... trades national interest for illusory electoral gain. The UKIP/Leave voters, went to the Tories not Labour at the last election. Read “Fear, Hope and Loss” the evidence is there. Ignore “Remoania” and you are electoral ‘toast’.
She's definitely toast but, so, probably is Brexit. Of course, I would welcome that outcome.
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Also painfully unaware of the political realities Labour operates under and why wanting them to become the antibrexit party the way they want them to would actually make brexit more likely rather than less
The real #SocialistSunday! Not the Corbyn version!
Well done #Brexiteers - shafted yourselves and everyone else as well.
I love our country &amp; believe we could ultimately make a success of anything we turn our collective will to - had we the leadership &amp; political will from 65%+ of the country - but Brexit died the moment May lost her majority.
Imperialist fetishism
What would be your artistic take on the brexit nightmare sir?
Latest News: Obrador: No deal for Mexico to host US asylum-seekers; UK opposition party to vote against Brexit deal; Russia, Ukraine trade blame over naval incident Via
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal via
Pretty sure the government shouldn’t be doing this
I know what has ruined your digestion. Brexit chicken soon to be imported from USA
Well. This government hardly has a mandate. It relies on the DUP and on this issue can't rely on them. #brexit has crippled the Tories and their only motive is to cling on to power.
Theresa May's #BrexitDeal unites the country. Surely some mistake?
it's just lies to try &amp; fool the people #Brexit has to be NO DEAL to exit with British true grit
When and were encouraging people to join the Tory party to save Brexit in August, chose to defend Batten's UKIP instead despite its Tommy Robinson, anti-Islam direction. Only now does he choose to attack Batten, what a mess!
Much like Brexit right?
Not sad, not defiant, just pathetically capitulating in the only way she can, and what we've seen her do as home secretary. There is no 'brexit deal' that is better than what what we had.
I think the sound of a new generation of voters shuffling away will be drowned out by the stampede of loyal party members and voters as they run from the horrendous calamity that is Theresa May's Brexit deal and the Tory politicians who have failed to stop it.
Brexit means brexit cal utb x
Hope the Dean Emeritus of Durham might be enticed down to preach one day.
This should be perfect for Corbyn. He should extend the invite to all the other party leaders He won't though
Has anyone replying to this said that?
given that conservatives are maybe best at realpolitik, it's really weird to read them whining that Ireland has defended their own self-interest over and above our own. This should surprise no-one.
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out via
Charlie, here's Robert from - The UK hasn't left yet &amp; we may well not be leaving the EU. It is only our present Prime Minister forcing the process along. She could be resigning next month when her deal is voted down in Parliament. #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
They're boasting up their new trade barriers because they could have been worse. What the fuck is that? Brexit - it could be worse?
Brexit is challenging for Gib but optimistic that it may well be a blessing in disguise. In the longer term more EU integration with friends such as these could be worse.
She hasn’t stood up for the result of the referendum, her &amp; her remain team have gone along with the #eu commisars to drag out this into the farce it currently is! #brexit
Pathetic twaddle! End austerity, restore nursing bursaries, stop privatisation and give the NHS the funding it needs to function properly. The reason for the current crisis lies in tory policies and has nothing whatsoever to do with Brexit. So kindly eff off.
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third - #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexitNow #StopBrexit2018 #2ndreferendum
No Brexit deal:
brexit
The best way to turn the country against Theresa May’s deal is for her to campaign for it.
BUt WHaT aBOut BReXit
MSNBC 1:55pm HILLARY CLINTON TO THE GUARDIAN: EUROPE NEEDS TOUGHER. APPROACH TO PHENOMENON THAT FUELED TRUMP &amp; BREXIT EUROPEAN UNION...
Brexit WARNING: EU trade deal negotiations will be 'MUCH HARDER' for crucial reason
Damage the party - yes! But possibility of EEA or no Brexit worth the breaking of glass!! #dotherightthingforbritain
Wow! The Government is wasting taxpayer money on Google ads to lie about their “good” Brexit deal. New depths being plumbed almost by the hour. Mind you, this is the same shower who think bunging a knighthood at a recalcitrant MP in public is a smooth PR move...
This is a clever move from May and her team. Corbyn has deliberately avoided the question, and now he'll either have to debate her (on a subject she really knows) or say no. He cant win
is a tory. They are the enemy within. What exactly were you expecting when the Tories hand the PM role to an EU Federalist?
Where are the brexit uplands? I only see a swamped polder.
I found an old jar of #Brexit at the back of my fridge. On the label it said "may contain nuts and best before 1952"
Just read that there is no Doctor Who Christmas Day special this year! THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU MAKE THE DOCTOR A WOMAN! (I’m joking of course - this is clearly the fault of Brexit)
So... TM has completely screwed us ... it’s an appalling deal ... no negotiation, just capitulation.
I’m not convinced every single one of them understood the consequence of their vote, given the number of Tory Brexit ministers who don’t appear to...
Checks and compliance can occur away from the border, spot checks at the border. Membership of the CU and SM is not Brexit. Continued involvement of the ECJ is not either. No Deal.
Brexit for expats: Ask the High Commissioner via
Theresa May didn't get reaction she'd hoped for from desperate Brexit letter
Cameron's Brexit via
There is no real "strength of hand" when she was required to #Brexit and the EU was not required to comply -- a worst case scenario for a negotiator. What was she going to do, threaten to stay in? Her worst threat was #NoDeal, which was almost inevitable under those constraints.
Now we wait to see what the UK Parliament will do...
Never mind that. Perhaps we should have host the #Brexit #Deal or #NoDeal easter special !
just found out Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson voted for Brexit. fucking gross
She clings like sh1t to a blanket
Why European Parliament President Tajani wore red lipstick for Brexit press conference #EUCO
all the dumb brexiteers read this.ive been telling you all for two years what would happen.
Brexit even?
Having read May's letter, I wonder if she has any understanding of what Brexit is doing to the UK and millions of people. How can you take back control of something, which you have never lost? How is the UK going to stop the free movement of people? All this are criminal actions.
please make sure our bees and seas aren’t put at risk by lowering standards after Brexit - the public is watching
No Deal Brexit:
brexit and article 13 is oof
Prime Minister #May will challenge #Corbyn to a TV debate on her #Brexit deal ahead of the crucial Parliamentary vote on the deal due on December 12th. #BrexitDebate
Me: So what’s happening in the world today Erica? Me: (blinks) Me: Well.... shit
BRITAIN’S Chancellor of The Exchequer Philip Hammond ‘to lead Cabinet exodus’ if Theresa May goes for no-deal Brexit via
One of the many things I can't forgive the leading architects of Brexit for is that they have brought ignominy on the name of Oxford. Centuries of the world's finest scholarship brought into disrepute by a bunch of ignoble fools and charlatans.
I vote for a quiz before they are entitled to our passport whether they’re blood or wealthy lads wanting a handy passport
If I gave my real thoughts, I'd sound like Alex Jones, but Farange and the Brexit issue is of the same cloth as the Catalan Independence movement and I have a good idea who is behind it.
So the man who wants to punish Britain for #Brexit says the only deal on the table is the one that punishes Britain. How shocking.
Just kill me now
I’m looking for gap and fade, Friday down on low volume, Black Friday up 23% yoy and eu says yes to brexit, this weekend coulda been a lot worse
Which is dealing CA and UK brexit vote.... nothing to do with trump.
#art3f Brussels today... inspiring and beautiful ... Some beauty amidst #brexit
Thousands use UN day to protest violence against women - #Brexit #Brexitchaos #Europe #Resist
Only time will tell whether you are right or .....
This was what Lord Ker said about #Article50 #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #LeaveEU #Brexiters
Seeking a better Brexit will help us win friends and influence via
Makes you wonder. Might explain a few things with BBC Brexit reporting.
This is Labour hoping to win over Leave voters, but in reality they are pandering to the anti migrant right wing. Your members are maj REMAIN, listen to us, we pay our subs. Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
I think that the Meaningful Vote should include a part where all the MPs have to swear in whatever is holy to them that Brexit will be good for the people of Britain, or else support a FinalSay. This includes the Prime Minister. #BackTheBrexitDeal
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
I hope you enjoy living in Brexit Britain. It will be fine.
It is time that we took this decision away from Corbyn! For the good of the nation. #PeoplesVote
It's not just her botched Brexit, it's THE botched Brexit. Labour have never published an alternative plan &amp; impact statements through the entire negotiation. Labour do not have them. Stop lying. The negotiation has ended. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Treason May tries to con her party unto supporting her surrender deal by pitching it vs Corbyn
I suppose we’ll have to just accept this nonsense, we should have just left 2 years ago and we would be 2 years into fixing it, I’m still shocked at how spineless the British people have become, so scared of stepping outside of the box.
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Rubbish idea.
It's so obvious.
No chance. It's a crap deal from a crap PM supported by a crap cabinet. No deal Brexit.
- can you answer ‘yes’ to the following three questions in absolute good faith? #PeoplesVote
Cheerfully selected or edited. There is no way any1 can be happy with this crap brexit deal.
First class legal insight and analysis on the Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No10’s “rebuttal”
Because if they don’t it’s NO DEAL. “JC Juncker tells me the deal on the table is THE deal. If it is voted down by parliament, then there is no deal, he says #Brexit”
- Spain to back Brexit deal
Why don’t you highlight the fact that TM apparently stopped an investigation into Aron Banks ? Or that the Conservative party have failed to plan for this fantasy Brexit from day 1. The only realistic option is for us to have a PeoplesVote. #PeoplesVote #Government has no plan
A REMINDER: If PM or Minister pretends their deal means we don’t have to talk about Brexit anymore; they’re lying. Transition lasts till 2020 (at least). We had to negotiate a trade deal, fishing rights and 6 month regular meetings forever. It never stops. #PeoplesVote
Theresa May to the EU this week #Brexit #TheBrexitDeal
Its not brexit doing the damage is the remain mps and all the other greedy arseholes that stand to lose out from us leaving. One of the many reasons the NHS is in the mess today is because of extremely piss poor management and a continuous wastage of money
As a Brexiteer I am happy Teresa May has got a deal it was never ever going to be hard Brexit but it’s a deal it’s called negotiation and she was against 27 nations can the 600+ MPs ignore their egos and agendas and think of us now vote it through
uk lads don’t worry article 13 won’t affect us after brexit
Ekklesia | Royal College of GPs backs ‘People’s Vote’ on Brexit
These 5 definitions of Brexit went viral. It's easy to see why.
You could be the shortest serving Brexit Secretary. What does your job entail? Getting on your knees with your mouth wide open?
They want her gone and her hostile policies, now the UK has ended up with a hostile brexit.
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Instead, he is desperately trying to string the electorate along further by pretending that he can deliver a far better Brexit than the Tories. And the only chance we've got to get a #PeoplesVote is by electing him in a snap GE? That isn't principled. It's Tory style politics.
How Will Brexit Impact Freelance Mothers In The UK? via
It's not the refertthat was the problem it is those not willing to accept the result that's the problem and that includes politicians. A remainder negotiating BREXIT is like asking a turkey to vote for Christmas.
Only because he has #Merkel &amp; #macron safely tucked away in his wallet....sorry, back pocket! Amazing how ‘deals’ is made btwn Merkel Macron &amp; Putin about a month ago &amp; now Azov Brexit &amp; Syria: Erdogan doesn’t matter which is why Turkey are spouting on about Cyprus again!
#Brexit: What happens next? Your questions answered
Remarkable all the other EU countries agreed to this. But it may not matter since UK parliament seems unlikely to approve. Hard Brexit still a real possibility in March.
There's is great disappointment amongst those who hoped that #brexit would detestable EU . The opposite has occurred. Rumors of its demise have been greatly exaggerated it seems.
Another thread, where folks are totally convinced that Labour opposing Brexit will deliver them electoral success despite the widespread leave victories in Labour areas. It seems Labours path is a difficult one with no easy choices. Then we get total supposition like this too.
As chief of general staff said - Russia is the threat
'Look at the HORROR!' Tony Blair SAVAGED by Andrew Marr in tense second Brexit vote row BBC giving airtime to this traitor!
So why not ask them ? We finally know what #Brexit looks like &amp; no other deal can realistically be negotiated. Now the public can weigh up the risks and benefits of the actual deal as opposed to Brexit fantasy so let’s give them a #PeoplesVote
I sense an FOI on its way...
EU backs Brexit deal, sending Theresa May to hostile UK Parliament (via #news #trending #trendingnews
Three years of botched leadership, behind in the polls to the most divided and inept Govt in memory. Two years of supporting them in Brexit, and your lifetime being anti EU. you can’t even tweet the PM properly. Just a parody of an opposition.
I would love to be Boris Johnson, churning out the same self-exculpatory, unaccountable bilge week after week and getting paid for it.
I liked a video Fake Brexit Deal Alarm Bells Already Ringing!
Macron is an idiot, but this is realpolitik now. Something we don't seem to master very well over here without our silly Brexit.
Brexit: UK prepares to leave the European Union (via )
Theresa Remainer May and EU are trying to bore UK public into submission. Can we *please* just leave EU with our sovereignty and pride intact. WTO with EU is now the only option. #justgetonwithit #JustDoIt #Brexit #CANZUK !!!
*Tony Blair talking more sense than we’ve heard in several centuries* Twitter: But Iraq
New Vehicle Reg | Change of ownership | Renewal - 09090144706 #HOTRService Torreira Brexit David Luiz Sarri mhki lacazette Ronaldo spurs
Martina, the wild (bomber) rover!!
If the Tories have the guts to change leader and go into a January GE2019 electiion on a manifesto of #NoDeal Brexit in the absence of a Free Trade deal offer from the EU with no £39Bn danegeld the tories would walk it
This is not Brexit. Don’t even think this is going to work. Connivance to stay close to the EU when we want our sovereignty back. Go back to May and say this is unacceptable. Thank you.
Meanwhile, if you want to learn the truth about the Brexit deal, you can read my response to Theresa May’s frankendeal Brexit letter below (and it won’t cost a penny)
the day the brexit deal is signed off!!
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
#EU needs 'profound' reforms post-Brexit: Macron
Seems to me Theresa May has invented her own 'project fear'
Brexit: Theresa May's 'letter to the nation' in full
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Brexit in a picture
First #Brexit now this. Poland and Hungary and Croatia thumb their noses at EU and UN by not allowing refugees. I guess these no elected bureaucracies can go piss up a rope. They do not have these countries best interests in mind. The EU and UN need to go AWAY
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
EU leaders approve Brexit deal with UK Shared from Discover
Would have been good to hear about the jobs-first Brexit though.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
What he said Any meaningful #Brexit is too painful for the public to accept Any painless Brexit is utterly pointless There is absolutely no value in doing this
Because the people of this country if they stad together can make that happen and have to not just for brexit but for out futures our childrens futures and citizens lives
Any estimate of when we would run out of Goves? What is the value of a Gove in a post Brexit wasteland? Probably some sort of organic pothole filler? Or ironically, bait.
And the British government ignoring the result of the Brexit referendum would be undemocratic in the same way as the French government ignoring the result of the 2005 referendum on the European constitution, now know as the Lisbon treaty 3/3
The #EU is laughing at us for this treacherous deal as it enslaves #UK to become a subordinate of those #EU bureaucrats indefinitely! We want take back our border, tax and sovereignty! DO NOT #BacktheBrexitDeal, #NewDealOrNoDeal #Brexit
already out pop EU leaders firing warning shots that we are going 2B well and truly stitched up. Fishing rights the first of many issues we ultimately lose on with this poor excuse of a deal: Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
Everything's fine. /s
All this migration stuff, didn't DOD do a report predicting #ClimateChange will cause more of this stuff, ain't that what Brexit was kinda about.
You chat some shít you lad. Should change your name to Tony Nonothing. You absolute awl.
The problem though Michael is you can’t say for sure the working class will be worse off post-brexit. The globalisation orientated EU hasn’t done anything significant for them, so they will take their chances. I also think Vote Leave would win a People’s vote if it ever happens.
Arise, Sir John: knighted Tory MP still won't back May's deal
Indy Ref met those tests (at least until Brexit - then 'the Vow' was blown out the water)
They have the perfect scenario: A puppet they installed in the USA Brexit problems in the UK Weakening global stability. Best time to restart the Ukrainian war.
But they do. And match. So, in summary: Brexit means Britons losing rights. It's also terrible for the economy. So, why do it?
#BREXIT is all about #TORYFRAUD EMPIRES and tax dodging... with the help of #HSBC (see Mr Ethical . )
If May and Corbyn are going to debate #Brexit there has to be a remain voice as well - would destroy them.
On the Brink - No more EU or Brussels
As America declines, China ascends and the Russians get more aggressive, Britain can be leading the EU from the front instead of this Brexit insanity.
Brexit - Tea bag analogy via awesome! #brexit
David Goodhart on the Left, Multiculturalism, Cognitive Elites &amp; Brexit via
How can the same British Parliament that is derided for the fuckshambles of Brexit be lauded for the pursuance of Facebook, or even trusted to not make inadmissible any findings in a future court case?
BBC headline - Despite Brexit....
Brexit is now ending.
To be fair she has been acting as the Brexit secretary and a one woman show instead of taking advice but if she performs as well as she did at PMQs she’s political fish food. All she will do is repeat lines.
They'll do double think my dear fellow. The far leftists who run UK Labour will adjust their mindset accordingly and denounce the EU they may have once liked. #LEXIT
Due to Brexit.....
Probably trying to source what’s actually going on.
Oh no, Dumpfs 'wall' &amp; #Brexit-uk ! What will people do!
No Sam they should wait until after the Brexit agreement vote is thrown out and then they should put in the letters. A double whammy. The Appeaser wouldn’t come back after that.
I sold a car to Theresa May. It was priced at £9,000 but after some tough negotiatons, I had to accept £43,000, and retained ownership of the car. She also agreed that she wouldn't drive it without my permission and that she was liable for all upkeep and maintenance #Brexit
So she chose not to debate during the election campaign but now wants to use Corbyn to deflect from her failings?
Do you think sets up a safe-word with all his pro-Tory, pro-brexit pals. It would explain a lot
There is no need for a hard border in any circumstances. SF clueless about Brexit.
The #EU is laughing at us for this treacherous deal as it enslaves #UK to become a subordinate of those #EU bureaucrats indefinitely! We want take back our border, tax and sovereignty! DO NOT #BacktheBrexitDeal, #NewDealOrNoDeal #Brexit
What about everyone else? 17.4 million voted to leave, not the British people. 26% of them want to leave. Why has everyone else got to suffer for your Brexit fantasy which has no tangible benefits. #PeoplesVote
Go over and do some reporting and follow up.on the Muslim brotherhood like your pal
BREXIT SHOCK: How Theresa May's deal could split Gibraltar and Northern Ireland from UK
Gibraltar: What's it got to do with Brexit?
I disagree with both of you, which demonstrates that there’s no agreed “Brexit” to “get on with”. When polled on Deal, No Deal or No Brexit, the UK chooses No Brexit but, unless we choose otherwise, we get No Deal thank to et al prematurely trigger A50
She needs to be tried in court. Worst PM ever!!
Independence movements should improve individual freedom, not curtail them. Britain's (independence) movement i.e. Brexit reduces individual freedoms. Effectively, robbing UK citizens of their rights such as Free Movement
What !!! And Parliament votes on it year after year errrr no !!
Like watching a potato be savaged by a feather duster
THE GUILTY MEN OF 1940 UPDATED TO THE GUILTY WOMAN OF BREXIT
This is actually very smart from TM. Not that she’s going to say anything particularly groundbreaking. She knows all she’s got to say is ‘Come on then Jeremy. You say my deal is bad. Hop off the fence. What’s Labour’s Brexit plan?’
Given the scale of what is occurring, might consider releasing the subscription lock on this article to further inform the general public, not only of the issue, but also of the quality and context of in general. #EU #Brexit
Good News: May's "Dear Santa" letter was delivered... Bad News: it was redirected to Uncle Krampus. He will shortly be visiting 10 DowningSt.. Theresa May Writes ‘Letter to the Nation’ Begging Support for ‘Worst Deal in History’ #Brextit
The UK and EU struck a Brexit deal. Here’s what you need to know. - Bloomberg
#France is burning #Brexit is endorsed by EU #Russia is attacking Ukraine ships #Venezuela is a failed state and ruining the environment #China is... just awful
Latest poll shows 59% want vote. Why are May &amp; certain MPs more worried about the minority than the majority? Cop out. Proves their agenda is not driven by the peoples wish but by big money
"tap to expand" I did. Still too fucking small to read properly. Absolutely sums up this festival of shit.
enforce borders? The logic of devolution comes to demand them, see Brexit. Even where they are de jure forbidden, municipalities look for Palo Alto / Marin County ish ways of creating borders via the price level and clasd-stratified policing. You don’t get some kumbaya of happy
The #EU is laughing at us for this treacherous deal as it enslaves #UK to become a subordinate of those #EU bureaucrats indefinitely! We want take back our border, tax and sovereignty! DO NOT #BacktheBrexitDeal, #NewDealOrNoDeal #Brexit
Reminds me of Calais migrants storming the UK!
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal but hard work lies ahead. The Sad Day for the EU will be the Catalyst for a European Army, put together by Macron. via
Haven't they got round to giving them some inducement yet?
Well - I hope it works out like that - but thats not what it sounds like. Although - say there was a GE - wouldnt Labour (based on current leaders reported views - okay I take that with a pinch of salt considering the press) push for BREXIT?
Anyone who believes the DUP give two shites about any vote is naive. Every example in the North tells them NOT to support Brexit but especially not being in favour of blocking Special Status. The are doing this for one reason and one reason only. To create a wedge between Eire.
Gibraltar: What's it got to do with Brexit?
No point a general election if Corbyn pursues an economy damaging Brexit as well. Smaller Brexit economy means less tax revenue means public service cuts whoever is in No 10. #binbrexit
I've voted labour all my life. I'm FURIOUS that is so ineffectual! The Tories are taking us to the precipice of a disaster for the country, yet #Labour only thinks of its own interest, trying to get into office. The priority is #Brexit, but #Labour has NO POLICY.
Pretty funny!
This deal does not deliver Leave. Just bits. But we are still tied... possibly forever. So I say absolutely NO. I do not consent
The Pledge is the worst ‘current affairs’ show I’ve seen on TV. I already had low expectations with cartoon Brexit fuckwits like Michelle Dewberry and Nick Ferrari on the panel.
permission hearing is on 7/12. We also await news of appeal. With the news from Ukraine, we urgently need to stop Brexit, we need a national gov of unity, led by Vince cable.
Ekklesia | Financial Conduct Authority launches further consultations ahead of Brexit
My thoughts exactly.
You are so blinkered by your fantasy Brexit, it’s not project fear it is project fact.
I follow u just to remind me brexit isnt the only fuckin thing thats a big bag of shite and because you are a sweaty minge cyst
The entire premise of brexit is utterly idiotic. There is no economic argument for brexit, and that is where that discussion should start and end. The foundation of a sovereign, functioning nation is in making rational economic decisions.
The corpse of Margaret Thatcher. The ultimate cause of Brexit #AwfullyBritishBrexitLeavingGifts
Does anybody know what moypark's position is on the Brexit deal?
Boris Johnson savages Theresa May's Brexit deal at DUP conference via
please explain that ineradicable fact. Strong statements need backing up. Without #Corbyn would be struggling with one third of current membership
nice people to do business with. They have been our enemies for some time. Remain don’t get this. The European people deserve better- Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
Don't patronise us with waffle after the deal .....When didn't you stand up &amp; defend your constituents rights ....
I'm backing the Brexit Deal...
Mays sell out of the UK.
labour instant indecision on peoples vote and brexit. If they dont go for this they will lose totally remainers votes...dont be surprised ro see the LibDems start doing well
Gibraltar: What's it got to do with Brexit?
Who said Brexit wouldn't give you anything #PeoplesVote
You are nothing but a TRAITOR, Gibraltar is BRITISH, you have no right discussing the rock, its should not ever be on the table, it belongs to the UK, the Gibraltarians are BRITISH #Brexit
There is no other deal the labour deal won’t make the table they have made this clear you are living a dream. All parties are just interested in votes and nobody is brave enough to cancel brexit
Otto Dix was clairvoyant. #Brexit
#UK #MPs seize documents expected to expose #Facebook’s covert data harvesting #BBC #UKIP #Brexit #XFactor
So we have some 3rd world degenerate from Africa getting involved in Brexit. Did anything positive ever come out of Africa. Sort your own shithole out. Brexit protest in Brussels sees demonstrators set fire to mock deal via
This... Is... Brexit
Being in the UK at the moment is utterly depressing (#Brexit) but the US i
Interesting thread --&gt;
Our politicians can’t be trusted with opening a bottle of wine let alone sorting out Brexit.
No brexit
Too right no Brexit is better than a bad Brexit
We also had a GE in 2017 called specifically to give the public the chance to back May's version of Brexit... and where 57.6% of people voted against her.
Sad lady, but a good read all the same. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Bollocks. Exeter is Remain. So you are talking out of your arse.
Brexit: A blooming nightmare for Dutch flower businesses, who say red tape at customs could destroy their trade when the Uk leaves the EU. Dutch imports account for 80% of flowers sold in the UK
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal
There are no democratic means Failing to give us a real Brexit is the biggest breach of democracy seen in a generation
Not about financial gain. She is stubborn + fixated to impose her 'sell out' version of Brexit on an unwilling nation. She has something to prove and it's her vanity project. Like Blair's Iraq. It will follow her to her grave. The most hated woman in British political history.
What do you not get, 23rd June 2016, remain was an option. No matter how small the margin of the result, remain lost. Project fear of Osborne and Cameron failed to materialise just as they will with a no deal Brexit.
Absolutely. In the unlikely event of a GE, the only manifesto promise that would guarantee a Tory majority is the mythical Jobs First Brexit or the dreams of a negotiated deal that no one is offering. I will not be voting for Labour unless they come out for a #PeoplesVote
I hope the tories think hard about what message to take from this collapse. I suspect the right will say it’s punishment for softening Brexit. Personally I think the splits in the party make them unelectable since the electorate don’t know who on earth they are anymore.
Is Labour secretly conspiring to let a Tory Brexit happen? via
The Government is deeply divided, Parliament is deeply divided, The Conservative Party is deeply divided so let the people make the final decision on a "deal" that has never been on any ballot paper. #PeoplesVote
Given his lack of understanding and unprincipled position on Brexit I would not be so sure.
#BREXIT POSTPONEMENT? Is this a fake war brewing UK calls on Russia to allow ships access to Ukraine’s ports
Labour commit? They run on a Brexit manifesto.
No, you cannot possibly expect the country to unite behind this awful decision. You make it work first, then people might start believing in it. Our country has always been great, Brexit has made us a laughing stock around the world.
Looking at the vitriolic tweets, Britain is split down the middle in an uncivil war of words thanks to this Brexit fiasco! A DisUnited Kingdom! Was EU membership that oppressive or “all in the mind”?
There are 2965 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 2965 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
British officials have been signalling that Brexit could augur well for trade ties between India and the EU. Find out more from Harsh V. Pant.
Diane Abbott says Britain would vote for Brexit again if second EU referendum were held tomorrow
Time until BREXIT is 124 days, 00 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
really.
#Brexit They wanted the brexit, the #border between Northern Ireland and Ireland must get back in place. No negotiation possible. That's what I hope.
Brexit, where the gullible were promised an Aston Martin Vantage for free, and then told we all have to pay a fortune for an MOT failed rust Allegro,
EXCLUSIVE: Scots Tory in £435,000 Brexit 'dark money' row facing questions by MPs
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Goes without saying, but hold onto your seats political drama likely over #Brexit in coming days and week.
Brexit is 2977 hours away. #brexit
Ok my diary is free after Tuesday.....lets do this Approval of Brexit marks the end of London's status as the financial capital of the world -- meaning, the Cabal's control over the financial world has finally come to an end. transition can begin?
Without a leader who can negotiate a sour brexit, we will be left with a square brexit!
Theresa May: A hapless buffoon lunching from one crisis to the next trying to please everyone but ultimately pleasing no-one. OR An evil genius who always planned to engineer a deal so unpalatable to everyone that Brexit never happens?
Well you had the chance to both inform yourself on Brexit + vote the result was to leave, perhaps you'd like to have a vote every 2 years? Vote for another party if you don't want to vote in the next GE for Labour, you have a choice (clue: election).
Why is it such a surprise the the only guarantee of a say is to remain and not #Brexit. None of this should be rocket science and none of our rocket scientist want to leave any of the current arrangements.
This deal is not brexit.
Why do this when experts say it will harm the NHS ?
May hand delivers #Brexit letters #SocialistSunday
Stupid enough to vote for Brexit and stupid enough to vote her back in to Government in 2022. Stupid is as Stupid does, to paraphrase that well known saying
It wasn’t so much that the men who created this crisis were never honest with the country about #Brexit. It was that they could never be honest with themselves.
"News story: 40 reasons to back the Brexit deal" #government #feedly
distorted brexit
Good thread. Much to celebrate about New Labour's legacy, alongside the serious misjudgments, but this is shameful. And part of how we got to where we are today.
“Save Our Brexit”: In Letter To UK, Theresa May Asks People To Back Her
Today bloody russians attacked our ships on our territory and seized 2 vessels. Dear Europeans, do not stay indifferent, these orks will come to the Baltic countries next if not stopped. Dear Brits, any ideas on who sponsored Brexit?
Yes absolutely.
EU seals Brexit deal as May faces a hard sell at home
The EU actually started the unrest in Ukraine.
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: This is a bad deal because Brexit itself is a folly
Calculated brexit sidestep....unbelievable.
I think he was trying to help but not appearing to demonize her too much so that staunch tory voters will listen to the point. Current Labour doesn't do comms very well apart from the lies needed to meet the already decided end result - brexit.
This is stunning
For the purpose of algorithmic analysis, I must write that the #Brexit deal agreed by our Prime Minister is an utter humiliation that can only be overturned by the lesser humiliation of keeping the status quo and reversing Article 50. No more referendums. Just reversal.
This is a whole five weeks old. Rumour has it that government will put out a new set of impact assessments this week. The assumptions required to produce forecasts from a wish list will be interesting. #westminsterhour
Well done traitor May Spanish PM claims Brexit could mean split sovereignty of Gibraltar via
Brexit, and the campaign of disinformation against the needs vulnerable which is the "taxpayers alliance", as well as climate change denying groups all operate from the same building and are in reality one operation.. Brexit is part of a right wing coup.
This isn't a hot take, it's a steaming pile of shit. In fact you could argue this level of juvenile clickbait reductionism in our national debate caused Brexit. Do I get a column in the guardian?
Cancel brexit and stay as we are
And Corbyn’s Brexit policy is basically the same as May’s, but with a bit more unrealistic waffle. It’ll be the worst debate EVER.
I used to respect you. Trying to smear Labour even for something it has had nothing to do with, how low can you sink? It's the damaging ideology of neoliberalism, of the centre "left" and its defenders like yourself, who are to blame for the Brexit vote.
Another excellent Brexit Video by Professor Michael Dougan
Oh no, Dumpfs 'wall' &amp; #Brexit-uk ! What will people do?
If you mean the Tories, I agree. They have shown that by refusing to set aside the Referendum result despite massive evidence the result was unsafe, &amp; by pushing for Brexit despite their own evidence it will damage UK.
Rudd, you're up
There is No Better Deal, if they don’t it’s NO DEAL. “JC Juncker tells me the deal on the table is THE deal. If it is voted down by parliament, then there is no deal, he says #Brexit”
Quelle surprise! Who wouldn't have thought that this might happen! I'd like to think that it's just the knobs who negotiated this rubbish but I fear that they are much more devious and that this is exactly what they want! #Brexit
So glad to hear you feel the U.K. getting ripped-off meets with your civil approval. This just confirms the U.K. politicians are currently on the completely wrong track.
Hmm Criminals with opinions ... we don’t normally listen to them.
Do not trust this man. He brought #NHS to its knees. Now he is putting his self interest first. The ultimate betrayal of Britain will come to fruition without a which must now lead us towards by voting the Brexit deal down
EU leaders approve Brexit deal, political declaration (Kurdiu) #CgAn #ICC
EU leaders approve Brexit deal, political declaration (Kurdiu) #ICC #CgAn
A Scottish reply to Theresa’s letter #brexit
I don’t get what the second referendum is meant to achieve. It either confirms Brexit and therefore harder Brexit, or it doesn’t in which case it’ll be a best of three, another three years of this. Surely no-one wants that?
I was actually pro-Brexit for a number of reasons. None of which were necessarily well-informed. I mean, I did know a bit about the issues involved. But it seems as if it wasn’t well-thought out. “We won!” “Well, how is this gonna work?” “Not my problem! We won!”
We will miss you too, but we have a chance of stopping brexit, so the majority will carry on trying to remain in the EU, persuade TM...
Couldn’t agree more. Always has been, always will be anti EU. He’s a Bennite thro and thro so would never want anything but Brexit. Remainers should wise up. No second referendum coming from his direction.
Ambush: BBC’s Brexit negativity plumbs new depths in attack on Peter Lilley via
Where does It say "Make a deal with the EU"? #TreasonMay #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Analysis: The Brexit deal is a depressing masterpiece of political theatre
Don’t believe has told our MPs to back the deal, as suggested in the subdeck?
I hope your friend is not as vile and wicked as T MAY .
Reply to this. Labour front bench needs to listen to the members
Simple logic. No Deal unthinkable. If May’s Deal dead, no Brexit happens at least in short-term. I expect more to follow.
EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at Brussels summit #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
I can’t think of trying to flog Brexit like Swiss Toni sells cars: “Leaving Europe is like making love to a beautiful woman... it may take a few bumps to get there but I guarantee by the end you’ll both be shagged”
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - Art And Craft Paint Your Own Wooden Bird House
Anyone agree?
Thread
cancel Brexit because unity with Ukraine fast track European Army round up dissidents enrol millions of Africans in European Army negotiate peace with Russia, there was never really a war Europe is now policed by millions of Africans with heavy weapons open borders
But she's gone the wrong way of getting control of Brexit.
Hear, hear!
Let's remind ourselves why Iraq isn't the only problem of New Labour.
Latest Brexit News The meteor of doom is now only months away and Downing Street insists the only chance of it missing is to stay in the EU.
Brexit, where the gullible were promised an Aston Martin Vantage for free, and then told we all have to pay a fortune for an MOT failed rust Allegro,
Er..you think after 2 yrs of every anti-democratic EU ploy imaginable by Remainers across the whole of UK society, from famous comedians to MPs, lawyers and footballers, that ordinary workers will buy their anti-Democratic, Remainer crap and let 'em sell the UK to the EU? #Brexit
Putin is making moves no with the chaos Brexit is causing (did he start the riots in Paris?) and Putin knows the tellytubby in the WH will congratulate him for being tough. Remember Sanctions?
Will it really be Theresa May or Olly Robbins cross dressed as TM?
Not at all, you have a warped sense of humour. Many #Leavers suffer from this, they all bought a Tories' #Brexit bad joke for a good deal. Now what do you do?
Thank you . By voting down the Brexit agreement and supporting a #PeoplesVote_uk you are helping the NHS and the poorest in our country.
European Markets Struggle Ahead Of Brexit Summit #europemarkets
I can not wait for Jake Livermore to Brexit tackle the absolute fuck out of him
Brexit impact assessment say it will harm the country. It’s not what the people want
While Europe is busy with Brexit... Russia - Ukraine and USA - Mexico are now dominating the news feeds....
I thought anyone who supported Brexit was an English nationalist?
If there was ever a more compelling reason not to stay in the EU it’s the way the EU negotiators have bullied, cajoled &amp; threatened their way through the whole process. I never did and never will want to stay in a club like this #leave #Brexit
“In any negotiation, you do not get everything you want,” May said. “I think the British people understand that.” via
He's that bad, chaps.
I wish Corbyn would do something, *anything* decisive for once. You know, like, actually act like the opposition. I keep forgetting Labour exists.
can you honestly answer ‘yes’ to these four questions in good faith? If you know your constituents and their wishes, you will know that May’s deal is not what they voted for. #PeoplesVote
What does Remain look like? Let me think.... oh yes. It’s what we have now. Try this simplified info graphic.
Brexit deal: which obstacles await May in parliament?
One of your typical enlightened brexit fans .
UK Brexit / EU votes : Labour votes 72 against and abstain 11 out 83 votes put forth by the Tory, facts.
If you were an MP, do you think you'd vote for or against Mrs May's #Brexit deal?
disagree. She wants to run a mini brexit referendum campaign but with no votes been cast. She and the tory press will then claim victory no matter how the actual debate / campaign goes. Then she tells mps their duty to do what public wants and everyone blames Corbyn
Doesn't negate any of his arguments re: Brexit and the irreparable damage it will cause to this country ...
Brexit: 'I'm never changing my mind' says Juncker
Brexit for the benefit of the Many?.... what do they think we are .... all dummies?....Boz
From the gates of Hell
But you don't tell us what you stand for, do you? I suppose it must be some better Brexit deal. But we have no idea how you'd achieve it. Shame on you Jeremy Corbyn, you've made Labour almost as much a part of the problem as the Tories
Corbyn no platformed Cameron in the referendum so it would be consistent with his wish to bring people together over Brexit if he no platformed May now.
Nothing less than blackmail - "This deal or no deal " If #parliament votes this deal through via bribes blackmail or threats it will be a disgrace - I would rather have no deal than this or any remotely resembling it - #Brexit #uk #may
Well, except for that vassalage thing.
Another brexiter con man #brexit #Gloucester
EU leaders agree UK’s Brexit deal at Brussels. EU leaders have approved an agreement on the UK’s withdrawal next March and its future relations, insisting it is the “best and only deal possible”.
Looks like the doubters have been defeated in the debate about whether to challenge Corbyn to TV debate about brexit. But serious fears internally he will hijack and make it about austerity, as per today’s MoS:
It is... but it’s still a million times better than you’d do. No trident, supports enemies of our country, has no Brexit policy. Not interested you antisemitic Marxist pleb. Do one
“Westminster and the Brexit Deal are just going to roll over Scotland. We have two choices: finally be subsumed into England as a region, or independence. The time to choose is coming.”
Theresa May's red #Brexit lines. Oh, and Bertie Armstrong's.
And once you’ve read that, why not move onto the unicorn dream shredder (each tweet is the start of a whole new thread) for more Brexit facts than you can shake a stick at...
Do not play her games, . She should have reached out right at the beginning of negotiations; too late now to try saving herself by using you. This Brexit rot is entirely yours, . You have betrayed leave voters &amp; you have negotiated a bad deal.
And the companies that say they will depart the UK should a hard brexit come about? So all these economists and businesses that have come to the conclusion that it does not economically benefit them or the country, they’re just dumb and you know better right?
Arise Sit John Hayes. He’s just bagged knighthood from Theresa May and yet he still won’t vote for her Brexit deal.
This is a defining moment in British history with the exact same consequences as 1939, please do not let your country down. start with the Brexit Betrayal Demo on December 9th, lets stand together.
Brexit: May gives way over Gibraltar after Spain's 'veto' threat Spanish prime minister had demanded written assurance as price of support for withdrawal agreement
And then what happens about Brexit?
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams
I trust Jeremy Corbyn with #Brexit
The EUs only worry is we will accept the deal. They believe the alternative to the UK is No Brexit.
Top story on ST today, Nov 26 EU leaders seal Brexit deal, urge Britons to back May More on
If the 2016 advisory EU ref is voided then surely the default should be the 1975 EU ref. EU28. Liars to the left of me &amp; liars to right stuck in the middle with the EU. ************** ************** NHS safe in EU hands.
He's supposed to be for brexit, what has happened to him, apart from lack of clean water, he's turned into a an EU lover if he believes such stupidity!
I have real anxiety because my expat family and friends have had to move back to UK because of Brexit panic - I may also be breaking laws soon if I stay on the mainland post Brexit I have to apply for EU citizenship. How's that? O. K. with you?
An unpopular opinion: I kind of wish this #Brexit deal passes because I'm only anxious about what happens otherwise.
We didn’t start the fire It was always burning.… Now we gotta put it out or we are fucked.
Brexit, where the gullible were promised an Aston Martin Vantage for free, and then told we all have to pay a fortune for an MOT failed rust Allegro,
I’m getting the word...
bring back Micheal Portillo and no deal Brexit
Leave (the EU) camp would win again if fresh referendum held on #Brexit says Labour's Shadow Home Secretary #PeoplesVote
Brexit +
The only way Brexit doesn't happen is if we vote for a Brexiter in a unicorn election? You're putting a lot of faith in an if scenario that nobody other than Corbyn is asking for, to get an eventual outcome he's shown he doesn't want Let's not even mention his piss poor polling
All you every needed to say about Brexit and the withdrawal agreement.
Genuinely. She refused at the general election, but now...when her party is in crisis and unable to resolve their self-imposed Brexit chaos, she wants to distract from the steaming pile of dog shit that is the Tory Party, with a debate? I suppose they've got nothing to lose!
She can wake up as at the moment we are all having a nightmare with May betraying our country
Imagine that.... #VoterID #StopTheCoup #Trump2020 #MAGA #2A #BlueLivesMatter #Brexit #BoycottNFL
The one good thing about Brexit is that it has paralysed the tories for a while ....
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
Brexit the maddest thing since mad things were invented
#Brexit -- If you want proof that this deal is a disaster for this country, look at the eagerness of the other countries to sign it, Boris Johnson says.
I would #BackTheBrexitDeal if there were a Brexit deal on offer. ’s shameful capitulation is not #Brexit and I will never vote for your party again if it is allowed to go through. #Standup4Brexit #ManagedNoDeal
If the 2016 advisory EU ref is voided then surely the default should be the 1975 EU ref. EU28. Liars to the left of me &amp; liars to right stuck in the middle with the EU. ************** ************** NHS safe in EU hands.
important intervention!
I really don't like this deal, it is clearly all in favour of #Europe that's why the 27 have voted for the #BrexitAgreement so easily, it suits Europe not the #UK #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BadDeal #leavenow
Your heart's in the right place, but really, we've been pretending for 2 years now that austerity and being "left-behind" were the causes of #Brexit when just about everything points to mainstream xenophobia (not just "some" Tory UKippers)
Is the Nationalist frenzy in England leading to an increasingly ironic outcome: the dissolution/fragmentation of the Union? Article: "'The Brexit mess could spell the end for a no longer 'United' Kingdom" via
I'm a remainer but asked my MP to oppose the Brexit deal. It extends membership on a worse basis than now while we negotiate an arrangement that has to be worse again. It gives a false sense of security with no way forward and, since we will have left, no way back.
Yes it feels like this is the course we are on.
Wrong again. She also promised a smooth, orderly Brexit. And leaving with no deal at all certainly wouldn't be that.
Why is Theresa May making the case for her Brexit Deal to voters when they won’t have a vote on it? Is she preparing for another snap election? #askingforafriend
This must be one of the happiest days in and ’s political careers. #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
Read all about Brexit
Exit from Brexit
Corbyn should avoid like the plague. She can debate Boris, Farage or Rees Mogg.
Brexit..what can you say..we voted leave. Like it or not, that was the result of a public referendum. From what I’ve read this isn’t a leave in any form! A total disgrace of the meaning of the vote! If we go through with this we are the worlds laughing stock... a slave to the EU
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal via
David Davis proposes an alternative to Theresa May's Brexit deal.
She's gone ga ga
Where Is Brexit Going After EU Summit? A Guide to the Endgame - Bloomberg
Love boxing ? This is for YOU Know nothing about boxing whatsoever ? This is for YOU Starting with boxing and somehow arriving at Brexit by way of beautifully constructed non scripted rants. Choose something different folks choose
The Kremlin has approved military operations to seize Mariupol. This will effectively turn Ukraine into a rump state with no port access to the sea. It is a major war trigger. The US and Great Britain can't run and hide from this war now. GB is trying to with Brexit.
Which British people? Not me. Not my friend, who Theresa May saw at church in Brussels today, while the #EU27 were signing off the #WithdrawalAgreement. My friend had words with her about #Brexit. They were contempories at Oxford together.
May says " This is the best deal available " Sounds like someone aint happy with Brexit
Sadly for you, my local MP, IF Brexit sells the UK out, many careers will be ended in the next election #DontVoteForMaysDeal
Racism and xenophobia have been normalised on these shores... There are some worse than him by a country mile.
If you’re a Student in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament
The Internet is weird. One second, reading a Brexit article; the next, seeing this act of senseless testicular self sabotage
'Has Theresa May cut Gibraltar LOOSE?' Luxembourg PM put on spot over UK-Spain Brexit deal
Macron using Irish Backstop to grab UK's fish. #Brexit #Backstop #Backstab #TheresaMay #Fish
Slim? Given the weight of what's been hung on the #Brexit margin, I'd say this was nothing short of "The Will Of Industry".
If the 2016 advisory EU ref is voided then surely the default should be the 1975 EU ref. EU28. Liars to the left of me &amp; liars to right stuck in the middle with the EU. ************** ************** NHS safe in EU hands.
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms
No, he's speaking the truth. It gives equal weight to people who are broadcasting facts with Brexit bigots like you in the bogus name of 'balance'! ;-)
I'm beginning to think that Theresa May is the only person to have ever bought a DFS sofa at full price. #Brexit
BREXIT CRISIS: Polling expert says public opinion ‘strongly AGAINST Mrs May’ on ALL SIDES
Early on, Brexiteers touted the Switzerland model and tax breaks/haven to attract multinationals to relocate, but I wonder if Trump, with his own tax breaks, blindsided them?
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal - SO, SHE WHO REFUSED TO DEBATE LIVE ON TV AT LAST ELECTION NOW IS “DEMANDING” CORBYN DEBATES HER DEAL! SHE IS BOTH DESPERATE &amp; A JOKE! #BrexitChaos
Anyone who thanks Anna Soubry wants their head looking at. Thankfully Anna is so dim she won't get her wish for anything fulfilled but she has played quite a big part in screwing Brexit for us. And ruining her own Party but she's too dim to see it! Screw the Conservatives.
“..convinced him that Tory MPs were a bunch of treacherous opportunists who had shown not a jot of loyalty..”. No, not Brexit, - Lord Carrington on his resignation over the Argentina invasion of Falkland Islands: March 1982. Some things never change hey ?
If you thought Brexit was chaotic just think how mac indy would be. Remember it'll be those bad guys from Westmonster who we'd have to negtioate with not the cuddly good guys like Barnier and Tusk (who conveniently forgot to include any mention of Scotland in EU withdrawal bill)
Because they're all wealthy and they'll all be ok, Brexit or no brexit! Deal or no deal- these people are wealthy and even if they leave parliament their pension will be thrice our wages. They're paid too much to care.
"May bids for Brexit deal support with 'letter to nation'" #media #feedly
Bollocks. Support for independence is waning. There is no Brexit bounce and never had been.
Spoof shop opens in Peckham to highlight Brexit food 'price rises'
Leave (the EU) camp would win again if fresh referendum held on #Brexit says Labour's Shadow Home Secretary #PeoplesVote
This is an amazing response to the PM's appalling entreaty to support her bollocks of a Brexit deal. It's long, but it covers all the issues and is accurate. I wish I could have written it. Thank you, Steve.
#BrexitBetrayal Meanwhile, Russia fires on Ukrainian vessels in the Kerch straight. EU, now minus UK, objects. Brexit is the ultimate betrayal of British interests.
Russia's interest in using Syria to increase instability is a danger to the world. Russia's interest in Brexit is a danger to the world. And our response to those situations is also potentially dangerous.
TRUMP BREXIT Sun, 25 Nov 2018 16:00:00 CST
#brexit How can we have belief in PM who is so determined to keep her party in G'ment while not respecting/listening to the wishes of all of the UK and now Gibralter. Apparantly she is not sad.
If the 2016 advisory EU ref is voided then surely the default should be the 1975 EU ref. EU28. Liars to the left of me &amp; liars to right stuck in the middle with the EU. ************** ************** NHS safe in EU hands.
Society has lost faith in MPs, that’s most MPs no matter what party, they do not serve the UK very well. Parliament is consumed by Brexit whilst domestic issues go unattended daily MPs look after themselves first every time When will the UK be priority number 1 ? Democracy NO
Brexit - Shit completes it’s 30 month journey to fan..
Why did European Parliament president Antonia Tajani draw a red line under his eye during #Brexit summit? Find out here
If the High Court is going to investigate, because Theresa May, didn't investigate the referendum corruption..... Will the Brexit be Voided? Will this lead to a General Elecrional be held, to elect a new Government... Keep asking question's....
EU leaders back UK Brexit deal in 38 minutes - as furious MPs vow to block it
UK GDP update: did Brexit avert a boom? Finance
Finally finished the 600 page Brexit agreement and spoiler alert we all die at the end.
Needs his hard drive checking this fucking pencil
To my certain knowledge there has not been a poll of the entire population, yet you claim more than have would respond in certain way. I CAN attest that in the last poll of the electorate (the referendum), pro-Brexit won by of 51.9% to 48.1%, on a turnout of 72% of those eligible
Brexit: EU endorses UK leader Theresa May's deal at historic summit #brexit #geopolitics
May’s Brexit Deal Has a Fatal Defect
Then her brexit ultra boss should have no problem supporting it then, should he.
lwonder what deal plan B will be it should be walk away but May &amp; Chancellor will have different ideas the remainers
Theresa May will launch a desperate bid to save her ‘historic’ Brexit deal in the Commons after 94 Tory MPs claim EU have won
Express and Mail’s editors on side. Electoral Commission filled with Remainers. Parliament to blame for non implementation of Brexit. Deal so “atrocious” Public consisting of Remainers &amp; Brexiteers will vote for least awful option. UK stays in EU. Job done. Democracy “intact”
"Controlling borders... ending free movement" (as early as 3rd paragraph) may please some but I hope the PM understands that this doesn't represent us all and it certainly doesn't represent the views of #Scotland who voted 62% remain. I don't #BackTheBrexitDeal #Brexit
RUTH SUNDERLAND: No-deal Brexit puts financial services industry at risk
Arise Sir John Hayes. He’s just bagged a knighthood from Theresa May and yet he still won’t vote for her Brexit deal.
EU Brexit Summit - Brussels and London will remain friends, no one will win
The possibilities of freedom are many, this hardly makes servitude more attractive. #Brexit
But he would say that, wouldn't he?
Yet more proof this deal is total dog sh*t. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
Who asked Tony Blair to comment on Brexit like we want to see him on our TV
“Labour’s leadership is determined to hold out against backing a second referendum on Brexit unless all other options have been exhausted, despite growing calls for the party to tack towards remain, according to senior party sources.”
If the Tories elect a Brexit PM, don't forget its the constituencies who appoint the PM. then the whole dynamic changes, they would defeat Corbyn Labour and the MP's despite being Remain would back the manifesto
That could have been the case if it wasn't for Gina Miller. Now Brexit is a certainty, the only question to be answered now is on what terms. We probably won't know that for a couple more months.
EU Brexit Summit - Brussels and London will remain friends, no one will win
Labour in England besides themselves. Tories not any better. Brexit has befuddled, politically paralysed and knocked the shite out of them. Too bad. All of them want to hogtie Scotland to their lunacy. Enough was enough decades ago. #indyref2
Hello , thanks for all the helpful commentary on Brexit and trade. One question: does UK still lose access to all EU-run trade agreements in March 19? I presume it does… (thinking S Korea, Canada etc)
She failed to reduce immigration to their target as Hone Secretary and seems fixated on achieving it through Brexit.
The immigration was based on brown people , pakis....added to Romanians...others.. you were conned. The illegal immigration will increase post brexit.
EU Brexit Summit - Brussels and London will remain friends, no one will win
VINCE deal / no deal / and REMAIN ....... dont omit REMAIN as an option ....
He doesn't mind much. Only the British think Brexit is main news all over Europe every day... Contrary to belief in the UK, most people and governments in the EU don't really care, the UK is just another Country in a big World.
He's right, you know. Brilliant, succinct, research-based and clear. Every politician and media person discussing Brexit should be made to watch these five short snippets.
If you want to know about Boris Johnson have a look at the tv program about the foreign office in which he has to be coached as to what to say, and you want this man to lead the country ?
It’s rare that I agree with , but on this occasion...
With trump in the whitehouse putin in russia. Europe and uk focussed on brexit. China growth at all costs and australia with a climate denying govt too busy tearing themselves apart. Who is even thinking about climate
Twat.
At least they could have a soccer match first......
Dominic Raab makes a call to reject Theresa May’s Brexit deal because it ‘suffocates’ opportunities
By reconciliation she means *we* must be 'reconciled' to Brexit and all the shit it means. Or else......
Peston: ‘For the first time it feels like Brexit will be stopped’
Scale of irrational beliefs, in descending order of credibility: Flat Earth. Santa Claus. Tooth Fairy. England World Cup Victory. Brexit Dividend.
May, the internally elected timebomb intent on destroying British soveignty, freedom, wealth and world status! The MP's who have the power to remove her are cowardly sitting on their hands right now. Serve your people and axe her now!
Agreed, and from one of the best informed commentators here on Brexit twitter
I agree she has screwed the police for many years, however on Brexit its clear she is trying to please remainers and leavers, which begs the question what was the point voting. Her deal is so bad that remaining in the EU seems to be the only sensible option left.
Final Say: Tony Blair claims Labour moving towards backing new Brexit referendum
So we will be members of the EU and paying for the privilege but having no say ( control ) on the rules, regulations and laws coming from the EU. Trade deal yet to confirmed that can not (by law) be as good as what we get now. Time for brexit to be STOPPED for the good of the UK.
lwonder what deal plan B will be it should be walk away but May &amp; Chancellor will have different ideas the remainers
With the agreement between the EU27 and Theresa May supporting the GBP, the focus turns to the vote in the Commons. I have put a few thoughts together on the timeline, positioning and implied vols in GBP and the potential reactions - #Brexit
Either pay attention to news or watch Fox like your fearless leader. Russians seize 3 Ukrainian ships; US fires tear gas into Mexico; chemical weapons attack in Syria; up to a million people in re-education camps in China; make or break moment for Brexit; brazen Saudi murder.
Because they're aren't any
If the 2016 advisory EU ref is voided then surely the default should be the 1975 EU ref. EU28. Liars to the left of me &amp; liars to right stuck in the middle with the EU. ************** ************** NHS safe in EU hands.
can you please confirm this proposition?
I look forward to Remoaners eating lots &amp; lots of yummy humble pie for years &amp; years to come. You still don't understand what Brexit was about do you, Clue was #TakeBackControl
Agreed.
So another day in Brexit UK is ending. Tha mise beo an dòchas gum bidh sin ceart gu leòr, gum bidh Alba saor a’dhaithghearr. We will be independent soon. Good night. #scotref #indy2 #saoralba
BREAKING OP-ED: Theresa May’s Brexit plan: Great Britain is now a trodden, oops, sovereign nation. No, I had it right to begin with. New Ruler of Great Britain: Queen Elizabeth II Juncker. So what did the Brits shed their blood for?
Get fucked may. Fuck your brexit deal.
40 reasons to back the Brexit deal What difference does us backing the deal make? We can't change it without a meaningful vote. Otherwise stop insulting the intelligence of over half the population. Remain is the will of the people.
Thread. Read to understand how the Democratic Third Way was “always questionable, ... and is now indefensible.”
EU Brexit Summit – Brussels and London will remain friends, no one will win
No. If they don't get rid of her and deliver a proper Brexit (ie No Deal) they are toast.
Now that the Brits understand the reality of #BrexitChaos implications vs. the utopian lies of leave politicians, let’s have a second referendum and let the People bury this unfortunate #Brexit nonsense once and for all.
My preparations for Brexit induced food shortages are coming along nicely! #Brexit #DealOrNoDeal #IWillSurvive #ImASurvivor #IWillThrive #Winning #IStayReadySoIDontHaveToGetReady…
Its gonna get messy
Brexit voters should hang their heads in shame...
The far right are here. Tommy Robinson supported by Bannon, EDL, UKIP and all their cheerleaders for the last 20-30yrs - Daily Mail, express, telegraph. Don’t think that no 2nd ref and accept this Brexit deal is enough to assuage them, you’re smart enough to know it won’t.
Could this be the worst deal anyone at anytime has seriously asked the House of Commons to vote on? #Rhetoricalquestion
lwonder what deal plan B will be it should be walk away but May &amp; Chancellor will have different ideas the remainers
At the moment Brexit wants to make me bounce up and down on a tiny trampoline too.
Stop it now. Even a political idiot such as yourself must feel ashamed of this surrender to the EU ponzi?Your P45 is being prepared.
and Gove believes the bullshit apparently. Desperate to stay in the Cabinet,but still appear to be pro Brexit. Woeful.
Farage saw the writing on the wall. This is what Brexit was all about. Severing Britain's responsibility from defending mainland Europe. Putin has got to be laughing in the Kremlin right now. It is checkmate. I've never seen dumber western leaders, ever. These people are dumb.
'15 years ago, we ignored Charles Kennedy’s warnings about the Iraq war – today, they directly apply to Brexit'
A thorough, and infuriating, thread. Demonising immigration, quite apart from being wrong and vile in itself, does not win the centre-left any votes. Shame on a string of Labour Home Secretaries for promoting this cruelty.
I really want to givethe benefit of doubt that you cannot really see the parallels between Better Together funding and those behind Brexit. But you must be able to see the common themes. So will you be now seeking to find some way to combat this co-ordination? #IndyRef2
you love a retweet of others opinions without engaging in discussion of your own. What is your stance on immigration and it's impact on Brexit? Same question on finances and law? Also interested on your thoughts on fishing policy?
It won't necessarily collapse remember. Brexit leads to UK control of the ports, they can control taxes with non European countries, if anything it sets them back to 1946 trade laws
No, of course we don't benefit from it &lt;rollseyes&gt;
#Brexit..how many times have we watched the great Conservative custodians of the Union empty the benches when Northern Ireland question time got underway? How often did you hear et al preoccupying themselves down the years with NI’s well-being?
#euco will ne next #USA bye #Brexit #cdnpoli
EU officials have been told to expect House of Commons meaningful vote on EU/UK Brexit DEAL on 10-11 December
Nothing for it - no Brexit a much better idea
I did a bit of a cull the other day, reckon it’s made me happier. Next up, all the Brexit accounts I follow, reckon if I un-follow them too, I’ll be the happiest man alive.
#Morocco #nation including #westernsahara #community congrats #EU27 &amp; #UnitedKingdom for the best consensus on #Brexit deal. Good luck for the two next steps. #EU #Europe #UK #Bruxelles #London #MorocccanSahara #SaharaOccidental
A fud writes...
EU officials given date for crunch Brexit vote in Commons
Long term labour member here. I voted remain, remain lost. We now need a general election to ascertain who can give us the best method of what the people of this country actually voted for. the peoples vote has been done, its now time for politicians to do what was asked of them
Well Hasan like it or not he actually is talking a lot of sense. Yes Iraq was a mistake, a big mistake, but I lived through a Labour Government and was far better off with Blair as PM. Corbyn is sitting on the sidelines and allowing May to push ahead with Brexit.
this is what I was saying yesterday!
#WINNING! America needs REAL leadership! tRUmp knows ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about international politics &amp; economics!!!!!!
To my certain knowledge there has not been a poll of the entire population, yet you claim more than half have would respond remain. I CAN attest that in the last poll of the electorate (the referendum), pro-Brexit won by of 51.9% to 48.1%, on a turnout of 72% of those eligible
This is not peak centrism: it is stratospheric, intergalactic, multiple-universe centrism.
Stand up for the real #Brexit # NODeal
If you see it from other angle, there's no brexit if the world ends
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
when others scream or whisper, Merkel names things the "deal", a "diplomatic piece of work" no more no less little pug from the FDP, gorillas from her own party &amp; lesson givers from allsides can always talk she, a "humankind piece of art" her departure will make things real
Remembering your job is comedy and throwing in the word clods. And then weeping uncontrollably.
Liam Young Verified account After refusing to debate Jeremy Corbyn during the general election campaign, May now wants one? I think Jeremy should do it,...
An hour or two on, &amp; Rory is also tonight’s Tory voice on Radio 4’s Westminster hour. Almost like all the long hours he normally spends walking are all going on broadcasting
Plans are quite a way along I’m thinking:
Brexit: High Court to rule if referendum vote ‘void’ as early as Christmas after Arron Banks investigation | The Independent
Whilst I welcome the change and many policies I don't see how it helps resolve #brexit
...and Trump supporters are Brexiteers aswell. ......and looks like they have a same problem....... and the USA is not in the EU. = Brexit is not a treatment, Brexit is a symptom.
The ink was barely dry on her 'Deal" and then the threats game. France will keep us IN the Customs Union unless we give up our Fishing industry
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out | Matthew d’Ancona
Er no. No it’s one of the longest suicides in history. Stop Brexit
I'm not a judge on the ECJ, or an expert on Europe. But I suspect that, even if we end up Remaining, we've damaged ourselves in the eyes of many EU countries and they'll be coming for our terms; the rebates etc. Whatever happens re Brexit, there's blood in the water.
The holiday season is upon us and as we will be watching our favourites movies like #LoveActually, #Westminster will be enacting its own #HateActually over the #BrexitAgreement #BrexitDeal #Brexit Oh you will wear out those leopard skin shoes!
40 reasons not to.
Don't forget the climate change bad news report. I'm just gonna eats carbs and cheese for now on, because we're all doomed anyway.
Another tragic day in the Brexit debacle - an agreement that cannot be agreed in Parliament. knows full well that the best deal is the one as have now. She has tried her very best but there could never be better than remaining in the EU
“The best deal possible”? I think that’s staying in. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
'God, in his unknowable ways, has really buggered this up, hasn’t he Nigel? Still, (they) really should be thanking the Almighty for putting himself in the firing line at this opportune time.’ #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #BorisJohnson #DUP
Top story: Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? | Politics | The Guardian see more
Pettigrew: Brexit is taking the most pro free trade country out of the EU. This means that rump-EU will lack a strong free trade voice in its future dealings. #CTFconf
There’s quite a few old ones as well. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
#StopBrexitSaveLabour Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says
Yer da in wetherspoons after voting for Brexit looking at the price for a pint of real ale
EU's only Plan B is preparing no-deal Brexit: official: The European Union has no plan to address a possible rejection of Sunday's Brexit deal in the British parliament other than its current planning for… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
BREXIT, NO DEAL, THE PEOPLE HAVE VOTED...
#Brexit I just cannot see the Brutish Public living with this deal. It’s a joke, a lie and 17.4 million Britons have been duped. Watch this space!
Its bout time she grew balls like Maggie and said to hell with them
And here's the reason why Theresa May's deal should be voted down in favour of WTO rules ... The EU are already planning to keep the UK in a customs union until we give them everything. It's a land grab deal and anyone voting for it should be locked up.
I'll campaign Leave and a Hard Brexit this time
Worst Brexit take ever. Wtaf?
They already think of u as idiots for voting for brexit #damagedone
Really? David "There will be no downsides to Brexit" Davis and Dominic "Didn't understand the importance of Calais" Raab? The two former Brexit secretaries?
They aren't equal, but my point is that the difference becomes academic to the most vulnerable. I don't see a PV being a solution to both, where as a general election is. This is why this should be the priority, because if Labour don't win you get more austerity and Brexit.
REMAIN is the only option ...
You really think this is going to create certainty or did you mean uncertainty? Brexit means Brexit. The will be held responsible at the ballot box.
It's true
If the 2016 advisory EU ref is voided then surely the default should be the 1975 EU ref. EU28. Liars to the left of me &amp; liars to right stuck in the middle with the EU. ************** ************** NHS safe in EU hands.
Pro-Brexit adviser admits UK would be better off staying in EU
Looking at these comments &amp; i wonder why there is a UK. Absolutely no respect shown to Scotland's elected First Minister when it comes to her having an opinion or say on brexit. But then that seems to be the pattern from England, its all about them &amp; know one else matters.
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. Here’s how the Christmas meltdown could play out
This takes us straight back to 1975. It'll get worse for uk hauliers. Because trailers in U.K. Are not registered as a road vehicle for the purpose of identity ( individual number plate)they will need a "carnet de passage en Douane". Just another benefit of Brexit.
I think that will always be true of some people but we all know much more about the consequences of hard Brexit/Remain etc now, we know what the actual best deal the Government could obtain is so it would be a much more informed vote than it was in 2016.
BBC news on Brexit pretty much indistinguishable from official press releases from Number 10.
BREXIT !! Remember UK Quality, allways sells!!
It's nor Brexit !
"Tony Blair says Brexit is a choice between 'painful and pointless'"
Looks like the doubters have been defeated in the debate whether to debate Corbyn about brexit. But serious fears inside No10 that he will hijack and make it about austerity, as per today’s MoS. Alongside fears the immigration white paper is being rushed.
I will never get behind Brexit. I will have to accept it if it happens but I will never be reconciled to it. It is a stupid idea. I will never forgive the people who took us down this road. I will do whatever I can to bring about their political extinction.
"The leadership is clear it would want to go into an election promising to press ahead with leaving the EU, but strike a less economically damaging deal." Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum #westminsterhour
Such fantastic news, Honey.
Hillary Clinton: Europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists | World news | The Guardian
Sky news runs through the Brexit deal and completely ignores any of the downsides, only talking up rights of citizens and tariffs
Scale of irrational beliefs, in descending order of credibility: Flat earth. Santa Claus. Tooth Fairy. England World Cup victory. Brexit Dividend.
Dude, this is the worst campaigner of the modern era, taunting &amp; being cocky to your man. She knows he’s in a mess over brexit.
Back the #PeoplesVote, we now have a clear choice based on the reality of the situation and what would face all of the people. Brexit is clearly not the best deal.
What's uncertain about trading on WTO terms like the rest of the world ? Parliament already voted to do this in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as the defacto backstop when the deal is voted down, which by all accounts is what's about to happen.
It will be debated In parliament idiot we don't want Tory central in the audience it's up to Corbyn I suppose on Tuesday articale 50 you tried to stop twice in the high Court wait to Tuesday dear when Brexit will be judges .
May’s Brexit deal is already doomed. The only reason it is sitting on its perch is because it has been nailed there. How the Christmas meltdown could play out
how could we forget Gary Lineker!!! He is the voice of reason on Brexit. And of course crisps!!!
The PM has indeed been tireless - in destroying Brexit!
Good timing to take attention away from brexit??????
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
possibly
We’re in for one helluva lame duck sesh
For the Labour Party, and the praetorian guard of well-paid strategists surrounding Jeremy Corbyn, it has been an excruciating few months. The anti-semitism crisis has lumbered on and Labour’s stance on Brexit seems increasingly confused, with shadow ministers at odds public…
Brexit latest:
great to hear you have started re-buying #UOG. It has in my opinion now entered an oversold position and is due a bounce as multiple milestones approach on Colter, Colibri, Podere Gallina and a potential transformational deal. All for c£9m Mcap net of cash! Gift.
Brexit mate. It’s a killer for him.
Well said .
#Facebook #CambridgeAnalytica #SCLGroup #I360 #KochBrothers #Mercers #RNC #ProjectAlamo #Brexit #TrumpRussia #trumpcampaign #WikiLeaks #psychographictargeting #informationwarfare #StolenElections #Kleptocracy WooHoo!! I can't wait until all the traitors are held responsible.
#brexit will cripple Labour. You sure who would run on a manifesto of delivering Brexit, then try to renegotiate something which is not renegotiable, will do better? should forget an election and advocate for a now.
Great point. Well put
why has Gary lineker got the insane notion in his head that he is relevant to brexit? #GaryLineker #Brexit #PeoplesVote
This is not Brexit. I joined Tories to get this through but after this I will not be voting Tory again. Actually, I will not be voting again. Ever.
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
Let’s hope it doesn’t pass without a people’s vote most people don’t want it but we are ignored. Now May’s ego is too invested in this deal which will eventually lead to the breakup of the UK.
Demanding a debate against someone who can’t change Brexit Policy when she wouldn’t turn up to her own election debates the absolute gall
Germany done that twice before !........................Brexit LIVE: Angela Merkel’s allies issue GRAVE warning to UK ‘A HISTORIC MISTAKE’
Not forgetting Hunt’s pledge to crack down on foreign doctors after Brexit. And Theresa ‘hostile environment’ May, who Blair called ‘a decent person’ today, denouncing ‘citizens of nowhere’ &amp; essentially refloating old Nazi tropes about ‘rootless cosmopolitans.’
#backthebrexitdeal Let's look at a good legal rebuttal to no 10's response:
So why are the *Spanish* making clear that they have accepted the negotiated Brexit deal because it 'allows for progress and discussions on the joint sovereignty of Gibraltar'?
I liked a video John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s Brexit “betrayal”
Should never have been triggered before parliament had agreed the plan
If the High Court is going to investigate the Brexit, because Theresa May, didn't investigate the referendum corruption..... Will the Brexit be Voided? Will this lead to a General Elecrional, which will elect a new Government... What's the Plan for the future?
Britain will thrive after Brexit says psychic who predicted Trump
When Obama encouraged people to vote Remain it enraged those who dislike being told what to do by overseas powers. Juncker telling UK MPs today the #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement &amp; Political Declaration are 'take it or leave it' could be a new Obama moment in this drama. #Backfire
Parliament has already approved a no deal Brexit. That is the default. If the Government hasn’t prepared for what Parliament has decreed, then it should face the consequences.
Please get it done Goodbyee.
Dominic Raab makes a call to reject Theresa May’s Brexit deal because it ‘suffocates’ opportunities
And if you dont retweet this you will get 10 years of bad luck and get bummed by a negro
Stop brexit.
Brexit: Plan B?
What a sensible fox you are boom boom. I predict a New Brexit referendum in around 2021 / 2023 when people have it confirmed by EU actions that has lied and lied. Assuming we avoid a civil war first between a few dozen MPs and the rest of the UK population.
Laura, please help BBC regain sanity. They are swivel eyed brexit supporting propaganda outlet at the moment.
Bold and clever move.
His protest is harmless, your comment on him on the other hand is pretty nasty and something I'm seeing quite a lot from Brexit voters.
BREXIT SOME ASK IF US WILL HAVE TO SAVE BRITAIN AGAIN I LOOK AT MAY AND ASK WILL THERE BE ANY BRITAIN LEFT TO SAVE #MAGA #TRUMP
People seem to have forgotten Mays mantra before she lost her majority, " a no deal (brexit) is better than bad deal". May has since been guilty of landing the UK with the latter.
A Shortage of Sperm Donors: The Brexit Dilemma We Didn't See Coming
Why did head of European Parliament Antonio Tajani draw a red lipstick line under his eye during #Brexit summit? Find out here #VAW
does actually have a heart &amp; a soal?
Martin Compston recalls the 'hope' of 2014's referendum in the face of 'disheartening' #Brexit
Martin Compston recalls the 'hope' of 2014's referendum in the face of 'disheartening' #Brexit
as if the calls to 'Brexit' were our direst woe when all around our debt is dependent on finite energy flow
Down with Brexit Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
Actually we’ve still got people like . So it’s not been good for a while. Brexit or no Brexit.
If people are told the truth about the disaster about to befall U.K. as a result of #Brexit they would vote remain Must lead on this
She's famously bad at the sequencing. Should have been vote first, followed by knighthood!
Id say your son knows more than Arlene or Theresa on the subject!!!
Theresa May is beyond delusional about this #Brexit deal. #TheNews
#TheresaMay has always known Brexit is bad for Britain, but has had to put party above nation and seem to "respect" the fake referendum. She has worked hard at it.
Brexit analogy 1683755
Thread
Absolutely devoid of evidence.
And they’re all suddenly saying ‘This isn’t brexit’. It’s their new tactic. Not sure how leaving the EU, SM, CU isn’t brexit?
Caroline There is nothing to respect in the 2016 travesty and any politician would say so. It was advisory, marginal, disenfranchised millions durectly affectly. Leave not defined, and lies were spread on industrial scale by illegal campaigning AND IN REALITY ANY BREXIT HARMS UK
Fucking Brexit, yeah I happy to pay 4 quid for a pint of piss down the gaff, fuck you, I voted out, but Christ we invented beer I think, fuck you Theresa fucking may, you shit hole, fuck off, Carling like, 4 quid, eat a cubt
Every speech, every briefing paper, every bit of this “mini campaign” will be lies, spin and treachery. Sickening Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal via
The fact Theresa May chose a letter to communicate with Britain sums up the carrier-pigeon Brexit coveted by Rees Mogg and his noblemen.
But to be fair, this guy isn't saying "my opposition to Brexit is a crap product". He's saying "Brexit is crap". And it's hard to disagree with that. Even if you're a Leave voter.
Please resign sir, if you are supporting this you are neither delivering on Brexit nor working in the national interest. I am ashamed of the conservative party and what you have become, little more than new labour.
Get your letters in and get rid of this woman she has jeopardised or nearly jeopardised our Brexit
SON: what did you do during #Brexit, daddy? MAN: I used a blowtorch to set a photocopy of the withdrawal agreement on fire while my mate hit it with a hammer SON: standup4brexit
UK betrayed, NI betrayed, Gibraltar betrayed ... who next just to keep in power. Brexit chaos. #TheresaMay #Gibraltar #BrexitBetrayal #ToryBrexitshambles
"The British people don't want to spend any more time arguing about Brexit" Cancel the fucking thing then you witch.
Dear Caroline If you are so desperate to respect the result of the 2016 referendum then the question of whether there is a deal or no deal is a matter of indifference to you. Leave trumps all else remember? So don't give us this shit about crashing out. Please. #brexit
Yes and brexit has no argument for it. It make us all poorer and gives us less control.
Because if they ask the people what they think of #May's deal, she might find out people have different view as to what is in the national interest than she does and decide her deal is nonsense. Better to pretend it is what they voted for in 2016 and use vacuous rhetoric. #Brexit
If the UK population decide to protest..... Do you think this will be when EU army comes into play? Especially as EU army was agreed by during #Brexit negotiations.
of course, hence the calling of an election on a #NoDeal Brexit in the absence of the EU not offering a free trade deal - they would walk it imo
Remember this one, the night of the last Brexit HoC vote Jeremy, when Dennis Skinner abstained the Tories won by 3 votes after Field Hoey Stringer and Mann went with the Tories. The shame that brought to the Labour party. Awful innit. #PeoplesVote
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal
A complete overhaul of UK politics. This will include any 'deeply unhelpful' people who might be rather upset that long held EU grants may not be available post Brexit.
Due to brexit not going the way Russia wanted? #nodeal
How much of #Brexit will be unresolved by #2022election ? And will the just dump a load of crap on whoever wins?
I'm so pleased that I didn't fall for that one. UKIP the only party that truly believes 100% in #Brexit
#AskingForACountry Re Brexit WHERE ARE THE GROWN UPS? Now would be a good time to show up
This is horrific. Country experiences another two weeks of misinformation. Brexit and remain positions entrench further. Public discourse ruined for another 20 years. Someone reboot the Maybot!
Excellent point by about how those Tories now being cheered by Remainers 4 opposing #Brexit voted for all the cruel damaging Osbourne-era austerity legislation that created worst UK wage squeeze in 200 yrs &amp; the most UK homelessness in 30 yrs.
Farm leaders welcome draft Brexit agreement
Happy to work with on real estate expanding US-UK market. This is good start during brexit and after Brexit.
Excellent piece on by :
You following the Brexit stuff in england
Don't get me wrong, I love more than life itself. But it's spookily ironic that this great song was released 50 years ago, almost to the #Brexit day.
EU leaders approve 'best possible' Brexit deal
Tory MP prepares to vote against Theresa May's #Brexit deal over fishing policy
Down with Brexit Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
You appear to assume the MSM would follow and report said debate in an honest and truthful manner. Nothing could be further from the truth. Once a Tory, always a liar, once a hack in the pay of the MSM, always a liar.
thinks the “British people” don’t want to go on arguing about Brexit. I have news for her. She is talking out of her rectum. We will go on arguing until she reaps the fate she has brought on herself. I shall dance on her grave. A traitor and a liar.
Tory MP prepares to vote against Theresa May's #Brexit deal over fishing policy
Boris Johnson for PM?
Ugh. Just read the timeline of someone claiming tonight’s #DoctorWho is “anti-white men again” and in among all the “yay Brexit”/“lefty snowflake” bollocks was an “RIP #stanlee”. Felt like telling him Stan would hate him and everything he stands for.
And if we don't watch it, we'll have a Manchurian Candidate in number 10 Downing St......Jeremy Hunt, cousin of Virginia Bottomley- Cabalist, globalist for EU submission. #Brexit #December9
. asked who would be pleased by her #Brexit deal. Answer came there none....
This isn’t Brexit. It’s staying in the EU with some bits taken out. But at its heart, the very thing we voted for - taking back control - has not happened. May has handed control to the EU.
Theresa May’s deal amounts to a betrayal of what she publicly proclaimed in her Lancaster House speech. She is the worst PM this century, an appeaser, unprincipled, deceitful and discourteous to 17.4 million people that voted for Brexit.
Down with Brexit Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
"Now it is time for everybody to take responsibility -- everybody," said Michel Barnier, the Frenchman who has ground out the withdrawal treaty over the past 18 months. via
The end of Brexit follows.
Completely right. No wonder young people are turning away from The only answer is to back #PeoplesVote and campaign to Remain
Ah! I keep saying is there a no-deal BREXIT double bluff?! Must say, I'd appalud orchestrator but I I doubt the intelligence!
Well cast your mind back to the Referendum . 17.4 million people voted LEAVE no other options went with that choice . So that was a Hard Brexit . We haven’t got that so you and others will I hope suffer for that betrayal. You are a disgrace .
Theresa May: 'The British people don't want to spend any more time arguing about #Brexit.' I do. I will keep arguing against it. Don't you dare presume to speak for me.
Because it’s not on offer.
100% It's the blindingly obvious reality at the heart of Brexit that the Tories, the media &amp; Labour have hidden from the public for 2 years People voted for consequence free, "exact same benefits" brexit. It doesn't exist, so the options are painful or pointless
Call that a fucking DEAL??!! #Brexit
#Brexit is tragic. So sad :(
Absolute bollocks. This in no way reflects the brexit people voted forin the referendum
Down with Brexit Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
So if Brexit happens, does this mean the UK leaves the EU region for #Hearthstone? Does the UK get its own region? :)
Macron needs needs to keep his nose out and concentrate on France. Meddling in Brexit whilst France burns.
Why European Parliament President Tajani wore red lipstick for #Brexit press conference
I would not be confident, this is not the brexit the British people voted for in the referendum and your best action would be to resign as no one in the country has any faith in you. You see a nation takes a dim view of someone guilty of such treachery.
Yugoslavia. Brexit is a bad idea even though the EU is a shitty antidemocratic superstate. The only way out if that is through, we need to make large-scale polities work, in part by reducing resentment through local control, but mostly by ensuring the cohesiveness among outcomes
Well said David. The hypocrisy breathtaking, but then these are strange times devoid of shame or self-consciousness!
One of the worst things about Theresa May’s Basketcase Brexit is the absolute shameful Tory media, begging their readers to support utter humiliation... just pitiful
#TheresaMay is psychotic ... she knows #Brexit will cause major harm but to keep power she is happy to sell the whole country down the river
Why European Parliament President Tajani wore red lipstick for #Brexit press conference
Let me sum it up better for you, has shafted Brexiteers and betrayed Brexit, keeping us shackled to the EU in perpetuity. Keeping us close is another way of saying we are still in the EU in all but name, just who do you bunch of Remainers think you are fooling
Theresa May: The British people don’t want to spend anymore time arguing over Brexit. The British people: Hold my pint.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Down with Brexit Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
Not sure I can help as an ex member who resigned over front bench ludicrous support of Brexit!!
Threatened by the French. Let’s walk away, get a proper #Brexit and take back control of our waters
EUR will fly over the pound with Brexit deal. I think?
Brexit = the UK dies, and the eu lives; Stay in and fight = the UK thrives, and hopefully the eu will be transformed, or killed within 10 years
is the investigative journalist of this decade
EU leaders seal Brexit deal, urge Britons to back May
UK will stay in 'backstop' customs union unless EU get generous deal on fishing, warns Macron: Uh-oh. This is what happens when you start a fight with 27 Nations. The only way out now is a #PeoplesVote. #Brexit #Remain
Is this the far-right resurgence you're so afraid of, ? I'd take my chances if I were you. Time for a #peoplesvote.
And here's the reason why Theresa May's deal should be voted down in favour of WTO rules ... The EU are already planning to keep the UK in a customs union until we give them everything. It's a land grab deal and anyone voting for it should be locked up.
Down with Brexit Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
MAY MUST GO Ah, Ukraine This is why Theresa May is handing the British Army Royal Navy RAF Nuclear deterrent over to the EU Remainers, you need to back Brexit before May sends your kids to war with Russia MAY MUST GO
BBCNEWS 2:05pm MICHEL BARNIER. EU Chief Brexit Negotiator
Fair enough but I feel like 60-70% of the population just want Brexit done with and off their TV screens/newspaper pages. To attack them as ‘parasites’ is a quick way to achieve nothing. Sorry Gus, understand your anger about Brexit (I share it) but we have to win ppl over
Speaking for the UK, it might be because the average Brit couldn’t care less about Russia and Ukraine shooting at each other. Brexit on the other hand is on all our minds.
Yes, that must be it. Corbyn isn’t even on any particular side in the Brexit arguments. It’d be an hour of May shouting “national interest” at him and Corbyn just shrugging his shoulders.
I am unbearably sad about Brexit ... can’t believe we fine this to our country
With so much policitical debate on our future recently, and the massive uncertainty that sits before us, what I really want to know is...who actually first created the word “Brexit”?
Down with Brexit Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
"One thing is certain. Whatever may happen, we shall remain friends to the end of days." Moving words from . Can the UK Govt not echo this warmth &amp; generosity? #Brexit
#Brexit divorce is absolute but #TheresaMay now faces a mammoth task
Interesting thread
Brexit shall win in the end.
His stance is "Brexit but not May's Brexit" and he has stuck with that for years
Yep. They are now trying to beat the Tories at their own game. It's about getting elected at any cost. That means the once "principled" Saint Jeremy will allow Brexit Austerity to ensure we are more equally worse off. Only then will we all be truly "in it together".
- please read this letter and understand why people are so angry with the Government you support. There is nothing good about Brexit, and no good will come of it. Please do the right thing and help #StopBrexit. Thank you.
Look up. No, higher. No, higher still. Mo...oh! too late, the point's just flown over your head. Missed it. Never mind. It's the language of Brexit thrown back at an immigrant who advocates ending freedom of movement for other immigrants, including my better half. Me xenophobe?
Excellent point by about how those Tories now being cheered by Remainers 4 opposing #Brexit voted for all the cruel damaging Osbourne-era austerity legislation that created worst UK wage squeeze in 200 yrs &amp; the most UK homelessness in 30 yrs.
We don’t need the what if uncertainty and a labour government trying to deal with an undeliverable Brexit and failing. We need a people’s vote and an opposition that supports it.
EU leaders have endorsed Brexit deal at summit in Brussels via
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
Watch and broker the capitulation over the next two weeks to keep their #EU funding #Brexit they are already displaying #British people saying yes to the sellout on the hour every hour #faisalislam
I blame brexit!
It's obvious that has a second referendum planned. Why else would she be trying to sell her 'deal' to the public? MP's should now reject what's on offer and #leave on #WTO rules. #democracy #brexit
Anti immigrant propaganda has been bloody everywhere in the UK leading up to the vote. Why would FB be left out? #PeoplesVote
Have you told that Scotland is currently a part of the UK?
Not feeling the love here. Feeling the dispair... #Brexit
BBC, why do you keep lying to me....
EU's only Plan B is preparing no-deal Brexit: official
If he was British he'd be in detox.
I’m happy to keep arguing about Brexit until it is stopped.
#Brexit : "We will take back control of our borders, by putting an end to the freee movement of people once for all" On fera pareil pour les anglais alors? sauf avec évidemment...
Brexit will affect them by what means? In 2014 a yes vote would of ended EU anyway. The problem is you are causing this pile by not taking action over today, tomorrow. Your kids are losing with the snp and they can't call independence because the numbers don't match.
EU's only Plan B is preparing no-deal Brexit: official
She is just out of her mind than in the last election, nobody is going to buy her arguments for the so called deal
“Why won’t Sinn Fein ones the take their seats at Westminster? They could practically reverse brexit. All the fuss over a silly oath to the Queen”
'If you knew what you were talking about' is more the issue here I think. Even Minford's pro-Brexit analysis assumed a 10 year period of withdrawal!
Read this and tell me what you think. I don’t see why there’s so much pearl clutching.
EU's only Plan B is preparing no-deal Brexit: official
#Brexit Is a bit like being on a car journey with the kids. "Are we there yet?" ....."Nooo" 5 minutes later "Are we there yet?" ....."Not yet"......10 minutes later "Are we there yet?" ....."getting closer" .......
You’d think the Govt would have learned from the last £9m ad campaign they ran on Brexit...
The UK has signed up to those laws despite Brexit idiot
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
Please do Jacob... Resign and join UKIP. Brexit means Brexit and not the watered down pathetic deal.
I can't, no actually in this political age, I CAN, believe that Theresa May is actually trying to use #Brexit saturation and Apathy as a reason to push the deal through!
#MarsHillBlog Post On the EU accepting May's proposals #TheresaMay #EuropeanUnion #Brexit #Westminster #UnitedKingdom
EU leaders endorse Brexit deal at special summit
If you believe it will be alright in the end, ergo if it's not alright it's not the end #Brexit
Brexit summit: EU tells British MPs this is 'only deal possible' as Brussels approves it – as it happened
, or should publicly offer to stand against Theresa May in a TV debate on the Brexit deal.
ah yes, i too am a simple peasant lady and my family are also peasant stock
Brexit is a false flag.
Treasonous Sharia May the islam &amp; un lover. The British Manchurian Candidate just like obummer. Sold her country &amp; it's people for a few pieces of silver!!!
You might like to look at this too: Will you debate the content rather than blindly support someone who has suddenly started giving away knighthoods?
No coverage of brexit wld be complete without mentioning Elmar Brok's confirmation that a simple letter from Ms May could revoke Article 50 in a trice and STOP this madness. #PeoplesVoteNow #westminsterhour
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
BBC News - Brexit: Lawyer claims NI protocol in breach of legislation
or you could you know just stop brexit? just a thought....
There really should be a pro-EU advert where #Brexit is pitched to the dragons.
BREXIT BLACKMAIL: Macron will FORCE UK into backstop unless May grants EU fishing access
He’ll soon return to Twitter to inflame the crisis.
The way I see it is that if the agreement is voted down in the House then #brexit has failed .. ergo, we remain. No need for a #peoplesvote.
Well, that went well – country responds to May’s begging letter
The leave voting poor will those most harmed by brexit.... England's now leashed secure, who can't even command on EU membership from their bailed burden pedestals. That's cute x We are taking power &amp; you are in for a fucking shock, cos we won't bail your thatcherite ponzi AGAIN
Seems to me that Corbyn or Labour Party are only interested in winning GE. Reading this confirms my suspicions that 6 tests Brexit is simply smoke screen. Corbyn want out . Voters are in the way
It doesn't matter!! The poorest will suffer under ANY brexit but Labour haven't come out against it. What's the point in a GE when both parties support brexit?
#EU needs 'profound' reforms post-Brexit: #Macron
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
Trump doesn’t know what Brexit is and could never explain it.
#Macron warns Britain will be FORCED into the 'backstop' over fishing. #Brexit #Fishing #UK
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
Government could fall if Brexit deal fails, says Jeremy Hunt
BBC News - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
UK needs all the help they can get with a smooth #Brexit. They NEED US as trade partners more than ever. REGARDLESS of whether #Spygate existed or not. So they are vulnerable. Australia doesn't move the needle for us. Piddly military bases should not 'trump' #FISA declass.
Nope.
The EU Has Approved Theresa May’s Brexit Deal. Now What?
Because if they don’t it’s NO DEAL. “JC Juncker tells me the deal on the table is THE deal. If it is voted down by parliament, then there is no deal, he says #Brexit”
All of this, but also: we should oppose anti-immigrant rhetoric, first and foremost, because it is morally repugnant.
One man now coming forward to speak common sense. Boris explains the Third way. The government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out
Dear Mrs May, I'd like to spend a lot more time arguing about Brexit because your deal is a massive sell-out and you have given in to the EU at every turn
They won’t! They’re paralysed by Brexit!
time to end this partnership. #Brexit betrayal
If you take it on a constituency basis, as in elections, then around 60% votes for Brexit.
She's not. Here's why you're confused: there's no such thing as a good Brexit deal. She did the best that anyone could've. Interacting with the SM means doing what it wants. Every third country learns that. The more you do what they want, the more access you get.
Why are there such straw-men made up, like, people who voted pro Brexit are nationalists who want to tear up borders (supposedly nobody and nothing is able to pass)?
honestly dreading the thought of having to apply for the fucking settled status just bc i was abroad for two years lmao fml #brexit
I am using them in their correct context to describe aspects and personalities around the brexit frauderendum. There are pictures of cockroaches which won awards, however when used by the Nazis next to a caracture of a jewish person they became Nazi propaganda posters.
Pretty sure Brexit wasn’t his idea. It was you and your fellow batshit crazy mates.
Stopping Brexit and remaining in EU!
Will today’s momentous Brexit history end up in the dustbin? And if it does, what then?
If Theresa May's Brexit is so great, why is she going to work hard to promote it? If it was good, it wouldn't need pushing. Its a steaming pile of faeces obviously. #GeneralElectionNow
#Conservative political correspondent to #bbcnews yet again #Maysplaining like a wind generator in a hurricane Carry On Up the #Brexit
Bored with Brexit? 2 options: A. May's DEAL: HMG &amp; HoC have 4 more years of discussions on the future relationship, followed by 50 years of regular attempts to change it. B. STOP BREXIT: Some obscure backbenchers have another 50 years of discussions while no one else cares.
In a Leeds pub after the gig last night wearing my "Brexit is Shite" t-shirt. some guy tapped me on the shoulder and said 'Brexit is Brexit' and did a cut throat gesture. Made me proud to wear it.
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
European Union gives nod to landmark Brexit deal; agreement beginning of 'new chapter' for Britain, says PM May
how do you propose to make the best use of the new opportunities that a post-#brexit britain will afford you? #LetterToTheNation #BackTheBrexitDeal #StopBrexit
Brexit. No longer part of EU... except for the military and defence. Idiots.
Why did head of European Parliament Antonio Tajani draw a red lipstick line under his eye during #Brexit summit? Find out here #VAW
is uh, brexit over yet?
Must admit he came across as very sincere.and had a very logical reason behind current brexit debacle
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
Of course it didn't but what happens if people decide to continue with brexit. Will we have to keep having referendums until remain eventually wins. Perhaps after the peoples vote we can have a cat's vote and then maybe. Dogs (or not I don't really trust them).
Are you even allowed to stay in the country after Brexit mate???
Wrong this has been stirring for nearly 40 yrs. Remainers just couldn't accept a democratic vote so spat bile out for 2 yrs well if Mays gets this deal through Parliament it will be you shouting Brexit was right all along.
Brexit, the charge of the Right brigade. Never let facts get in the way of a good Tory. A fucking shambles and here's why....
“brexit is a combination of brunch and exit” - lol. keep them coming Trevor, it helps to take the sting out
It's not a deal it's a steel for EU
Dutch PM - “There are no victors here today, we are all losing” My sense of sadness is quite overwhelming #Brexit
Man do those guys need a copywriter.
Delusional Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal
Angela Merkel mimes a sob to Theresa May on the day the EU leaders agree to her Brexit plan - pretty historic moment.
Why.? All forecasts seem to be wrong. Do you remember Geo Osborne’s forecasts in project fear ? None came true!!
May denies 'caving in' over Gibraltar as Spain claims victory before EU Brexit summit
Fore!
Nice. But is it YOUR 2 yr old? #Creepy
Blame for sponsoring the Brexit.
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
So will Europe miss the UK when it’s gone? Probably not
Referenda need 2/3 majority.
I do as it goes
When the French people want to remind those in power that they are their representatives not their masters... They have a few powerful symbols. #svpol #migpol #eupol #brexit #swexit #dkpol #maga
But it is a red, white &amp; blue Brexit?
The Prime Minister has appealed directly to the country to back her Brexit deal saying it "works for every part of our country". asks: are you persuaded to back it?
It's not though is it? Time to choose will be ending transition. Which it's hard to see anyone ever doing. We've got years, possibly decades, of this.
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
No, I am just fed up with idiots who believe that Brexit is a good thing, despite all the evidence against it. It’s just a nationalist wet dream based on arrogant British exceptionalism. Sorry, English exceptionalism.
The latest Mundo SpecialKids – Breaking News! #brexit #g1
The UK used to be called the cradle of Democracy - once
Dear "the british people don't want to spend any more time arguing over #brexit" I'm sorry but I will spend the rest of my life arguing over this tory #BrexitShambles. I will never forgive nor forget what you are doing to #Scotland.
No deal was discussed endlessly as a possible outcome of a Brexit vote. And again - a vote for Brexit wasn't a vote for a specific deal, it was a vote to leave the EU.
Corbyn craves Brexit.
He's so right, Jean-Claude, what a sodding awful thing to do to your children and grandchildren.
Exactly i support labour and its values it isnt about just brexit it is far more than that. Many are supporting labour and corbyn so it isnt just corbyn that wants that ! blair mps will support people vote ! but it about there political careers nothing else.
#TheresaMay urges the public to back her #Brexit ... but what the public do will be irrelevant to her if there is no #PeoplesVote and/or #GE2018. Without one or both it's just words.
I know this would create a shed load of problems - but some how it seems like the only way to sort out the situation - and we do like voting!
May's deal isn't BrExit. It's permission to withdraw as a vassal state and start negotiating. We don't need permission or to pay £40 billion and our sovereignty. We want to LEAVE, not stay in a close relationship with the EU. #BBCNews
Get May out she is deluded if she thinks this is brexit
“Tension escalates after Russia seizes Ukraine naval ships”... ... just as Brexit and UK’s loss of our leadership role distracts everyone.
We won't know the true impact of brexit for years yet, a lot of the leavers must be regretting their decision now that it's turning into more of a farce every day (I hope).
Corbyn is not a helpless prisoner of his party conference. For one thing he had an active role in developing conference policy, and in fact steered it away from the membership's anti-Brexit stance.
DUP may back Norway-style Brexit deal, says Arlene Foster via
Time for a UK wide Referendum on the future of the UK. Lets decide our own futures, if Eng &amp; Wales want out of the EU, then go, Scotland, NI &amp; Gib can stay in the EU. Brexit vote has shown that the UK doesn't work anymore.
Oh no it doesn't. Doesn't work for anybody, Pantomime Dame.
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal via
#Spain and France expose brutal reality of #Brexit for #UK
Trying to brainwash us into thinking that brexit is good for the country and it’s people as a whole.
I'm guessing 9/10 of your replies are brexit based. Take a break from the politics for five minutes...
Vague Brexit future plan means worse deal on all fronts
By fighting hard for the only available deal and making case that no deal would be a disaster she allows herself to go to no brexit if the WA is defeated. There’s a clear majority in Parliament for it and no majority even among Tory MPs for no deal.
Kraftwerk Comeback Tour Begins.
#FoxAndFriends #foxnews #gutfeld #jessebwatters #hannity #Tucker BREAKING OP-ED: PM May’s Brexit plan: Great Britain is now a trodden, oops, sovereign nation. No, I had it right. New Ruler of Great Britain: Queen Elizabeth II Juncker. So what did the Brits shed their blood for?
Chatter Episode 36 – Claire Hanna on Brexit and the Breakdown of Stormont #podcast #uk
Just can't see us able to take part, whatever, we have no money left after this farce of a Brexit!
Germany prepared for no-deal Brexit: Finance Minister Olaf Scholz Germany prepared for no-deal Brexit: Finance Minister Olaf Scholz
OMFG Britain. First Brexit now this? Lol. anthony in the final? Ffs. Just remember this for next week. IT’S A SINGING COMPETITION #xfactor
Because is weak like
You get one shot, make fear your friend #brexit #art
You voted for Brexit you morons. This is Best You will get. Duck it up cupcakes!!!!!
I’ve got my little stockpile shelves and area sorted. Now I need to fill them. C thinks I’m overreacting but he didn’t read the Civil Service job ads for the positions nationwide to coordinate stuff in the event of Civil Unrest... #Brexit
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions? | Politics | The Guardian
I hpe it does, if we get the brexit that we the 17.4 million voted for over 2 yrs ago, it won't be due to the treasonous intentions of our traitorous government, it will be an unintended consequence of their deliberate betrayal, that i hope will biol their p1ss as much as 1/
U have no idea what U R talking about. Have U not read+ listened 2 the evidence around the ref itself. Why the rush? There was fraud+ criminality on the side of the leave campaign. U cannot ignore this. Y would U unless U have other interests better served by brexit?
Simply wrong!
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
Fuck me, we really are living in a world of polarised idiocy. If your only argument against Blair speaking sense on Brexit is that he was wrong about Iraq, then you have lost all comprehension of logic. Blair is right on Brexit. Get the fuck over it.
“There are no winners. We are all losing” #Brexit #EU
That's not true. The DUP and many want Norway. Boris wants Canada. Corbyn's Labour Brexit is SM. Others want EEA. So cmon.
If what you’re saying is what you truly believe then it must be said, you’re an idiot and a fool and have no place being in high office! #Conservatives #brexit
The Tories bought us austerity, huge national debt, homelessness, child poverty and of course, all the consequences of #Brexit. So if you ever question them being the party with the best economic competence . . .
This Brexit deal is the best available - via
An excellent analysis of the substance of the Withdrawal Agreement &amp; the Political Declaration. UK Gov't is either badly advised or knowingly telling untruths and misleading. No Parliament should pass WA in national interest.
No we don't struggle. I for one believe wholeheartedly in the attempt to keep this country together. Brexit did happen for a reason and that has to be listened to.
The open letter from has produced some of the angriest comments I have seen from people who are normally calm, logical and sensible. Rather than worry about civil unrest from leavers if Brexit is stopped, I think there is more chance of peaceful unrest from remainers
Well it will be pick the fruit and veg or no benefits which has always been the tory right's definition of a successful brexit tbh.
Well, not since IndyRef, eh JK?
Surely you are not so naive as to think that is actually the case? Robert Peston in his blogs has said the two Brexit Secretaries were never in charge and No 10 have pretty much confirmed as much.
#Trumpman #TornadoTrump #IStandWithGenFlynn #DismissFlynnCase #walkaway #fakenews Shared via
I really don't think democracy can survive leaving News Corp and DMGT intact on the grounds of freeze peach
UK's Brexit deal agreed by EU leaders
This is staggering. Staggering. If this continues it will harm our economy for decades. Well done Leavers, this is what you ‘won’ and well done . This and austerity will be your legacy. #StopBrexit
Really ha ha it's a bad deal labour will vote down and if articale 50 is not legal Brexit will not be on the table .
To enable you to afford everything on the Blackmarket once we are out of the EU #Brexit
You voted for a no-plan #Brexit this is the result. #YouWonGetOverIt
We can't get a better deal than the current arrangement. Theresa May thinks we'll accept a deal just because we're tired of hearing about Brexit.
I really really want Brexit..... Well I really really really want Brexit and it will be better than your Brexit..... won’t ... will.... won’t
We've already had the people's vote in 2016 you dipstick, betrayal has been attempted ever since , democracy ignored, it's the #EU policy not to recognise a democratic vote , who wants any of that . Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum
I want a Hammond-Out, No Deal Brexit, and £39,000,000,000 for us from the UK Magic Money Tree. #brexit #leavemeansleave
All i can say is we ALL need to get to London for the march. We have to stick together and show they cannot walk all over us. #brexitmarch
So, with the Iraq War, the balance of forces on the Labour leader could, in theory, have forced him to back down without getting the Tories to oppose it too (perhaps too little was done on the latter). With Brexit, the Tories will not back down without the opposition forcing it.
This, 1000 times over. It is an uncomfortable truth that the racists and xenophobes on the Island were far more numerous than any notions of Cool Britannia (etc etc) attempted to gloss over. #Brexit gave them a voice and a megaphone. Time to #TakeBackControl
University fees all over again? If so, RIP libdems.
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
All Labour MPs now in 53%+ Remain seats. 70 Tory MPs in Remain seats with less than 5000 majority. Name one single benefit that we can still expect from Brexit? Apart from slogans that is. Will we still have jobs or a country after Brexit? #PeoplesVote
The decision from No 10 to plant a quick growth forest of money trees, in order to ensure the continued support of DUP , will not work says Arlene Foster.
All of Europe's leaders have today expressed their sadness at the UK leaving the EU. But at the same time, we all know they are extremely interested in how it pans out for us, so they can then negotiate better terms for themselves within the EU. #brexit
EU leaders back UK Brexit deal in 38 minutes - as furious MPs vow to block it
Why does Her Mayesty Theresa May feel she has "to sell her deal to the British public," Laura? This Arch-Democrat has autocratically ruled-out any possibility of putting the question to us directly, in a #PeoplesVote... #BBCnews #Newsnight #LBC #Tories #Brexit #STOPbrexit
No deal it is then.
If that's her mission, I sarcastically wish her good luck with that. Whatever her intention, what she's done is convince even many Brextremists that her best possible #Brexit is far worse than #Remain whilst explicitly re-raising that as an option. One solution: #StopBrexit.
The current inferior deal to what we have had until now, and a No Deal will effectively isolate the young generations of Britain from the bold and progressive development in EU countries, our closest and powerful neighbours, indefinitely.
Secret 'Plan B' for Brexit: Cabinet and EU plot 11th-hour alternatives to Theresa May’s deal
forgets that without his leaders ambivalence during the referendum, there would have been no BREXIT. Own it - this is a mess, in meaningful part of labour's making
How is this an impartial view Laura? I think it's an example of refreshing honesty - something which has been notable in its absence in the proclamations by the PM, brexit ministers etc
as long as Jeremy Corbyn says 'Brexit cannot be stopped' it is not surprising that people will think of Labour as pro-Leave.
Labour strategist, you mean Brexit loving Seamus Milne, pandering to the anti migrant right, hoping for Leave vote from UKIP. We, the members who pay subs, are not happy that you are ignoring us. We won't support a Labour party who stands for Brexit at the next GE.
Tony Blair says May's deal is hated by both Leavers and Remainers. #TeflonTony #Brexit
I don't know why she's appealing to the public. It's not as if we've got a #PeoplesVote or anything.
Only people who don't need this information will get this far:
Do they listen to the members??? No brexit please.
Damn right. A no deal Brexit is closer to what we Brexit voters want than May’s deal.
Brexit deal
#Russia bullies a weaker #Ukraine and #Putin is now ready to continue the aggression started four years ago. The West stands idly by again but we are now much weaker after a #Russian funded #Brexit. #PeoplesVote
Joseph Guthrie delivers a scathing response to Theresa May’s open letter on the Brexit deal
Actually, I'm not convinced most people voted for the freedom to make trade deals. Half of Brexit supporters only cared about free movement - a minority cared about trade deals (mostly Spectator readers)
This Brexit deal is the best available via
Crickey. ....... it seems everyone is happy with the Brexit deal approved by the European Union today. So relishes are not permitted you have an opinion nor contend for a better deal.
#withdrawlagreement #Brexit Well that didn’t take long. Tension escalates after Russia seizes Ukraine naval ships
Really interesting. Depending on what part of Labour/socialism you're in, you'll typically either like the EU or else see it as a capitalist machine that is best beaten from the outside. What 'below the table' agenda would Corbyn bring to this debate?:
For me the worst thing about the last two years is the waiting game. "Brexit will surely fail!" "It won't get agreed by the EU!" "It won't get past a vote in the commons!" - That, together with "Trump will be indited any minute now!" - GET ON WITH IT! #nothinghappens
... and now the truth will out - Macron's blunt Brexit warning over fishing
Its clear listening to the EU and France that they intend to asset strip the UK. This is a consequence of leaving Brexit in the hands of Teressa May and a clique of incompetent civil servants, none of whom ever intended to leave the EU and consequently sabotaged it.
No Brexit is the alternative.
I get that. But usually news programs have a top of the hour with some international coverage. I'm sitting at home and France24 is talking US migration and SkyNews is Brexit, CNN is US migrations issues, FoxNews is a comedy show at the moment.
Neither will my Mum (redacted) nor I (54).
Absolute obsessive garbage. These people have long since stopped even trying to argue in good faith.
One fantastic gain from Brexit: under any scenario, we get rid of Arlene Foster.
Equally, how often have we heard one DUP MP speak for their constituents in HoC. It is always about DUP flag waving, outrage, bigotry and sectarianism. They do not speak for, represent, or stand up for Northern Ireland.
Climate change is worse. Brexit is obviously a joke and reversible.
I won't be voting for her and I suspect a lot of brexiteers will feel the same.
Haha. Anyone would think Corbyn is responsible for the Brexit deal. All she's doing here is undermining the fact she is the only one responsible for carrying Brexit forward. She's after a joint scapegoat.
The UK Media are to blame for all of this Most especially the BBC
#PresidentMacron doesn't have any supporters. She does not represent 'the will of the people'. Stop the #Brexit madness!
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
it considering secondary action is illegal? 2) Who's going to organise it? The TUC wouldn't as it would be the literal antithesis of their raison d'etre. 3) Not all union leaders, nevermind trade unionists will want to strike, nevermind hold a unified position on brexit. There
“And where did this lead us? Record votes for Ukip, Brexit and the normalisation of far-right arguments on immigration.”
How did "No Brexit" become a possibility exactly?
"with all my heart"... Lol! She will be eaten for dinner.
Whitehall Brexit adviser Olly Robbins 'held back key advice' on tech that could solve the Irish border issue
The main conclusion from ’s post is – and I guess most realistic observers of the situation will agree: Absent a surprising turn towards a Commons majority, there are ONLY chaotic situations ahead, because most of Jon’s options don’t indicate ways forward for #Brexit.
Sky news should stop the campaign for debates and ask wants MPs to vote for the Brexit deal
Sinister? #Brexit won illegally! But not truthful. Brexit a disaster for UK. Will help only the rich.
It depends what you mean by brexit. In cu&amp;sm technically is leaving to some.
Fuck your brexit deal and do the right thing and resign
Theresa May's open letter to Britain: My Brexit deal works for everyone - whether you voted Leave or Remain via
Watching, but not understanding. Similar to #Brexit really
#brexit just get on with it!! Business needs the deal. Stop the politicians voting for their own agendas and listen to the majority!!
It’s almost like he is creating a Wag the Dog scenario! #MuellerTime
Brexit can't be renegotiated I can think of at least 39billion reasons it can be
How Brexit will redraw Europe’s financial infrastructure | Financial Times: This is a Must Read if you have a Passu v interest in global Financial Markets Infrastructure
Brexit is a mess. That’s all.
Probably a good idea. I think Brexit is Stupid.
There are certain people who *will* be furious.... and distraught, seeing their massive gamble go bad when, after putting a stop to #Brexit, Sterling goes through the roof.
Is it too early to ask if a Scots father would be grounds for applying for a Scottish passport after Independence? #indyref2 #Brexit #Remain
"Ambitious future partnership" isn't BrExit. #BBCNews
Steve this is a complete sellout of Brexit. I admire your loyalty but you’re like the purser on the Titanic emptying ashtrays as it sinks I’m a Conservative Party member &amp; will do everything I can to punish May and the Party at the next election. #brexitbetrayal
Millions of us will never back brexit in any form.
It took them just half an hour of discussion to waive Goodbye to the UK. A tragic moment for Europe. Let's hope it will unite all the M.S. to a common future within EU #BREXIT #EU27 #IamEuropean
Must read
Wildly good thread.
no idea why she is appealing to us... she's no intention of asking us. We are being given NO SAY.
Jeremy Corbyn vows Labour will oppose 'miserable failure' Brexit deal after EU gives its seal of approval
First Brexit, now this. Farcical.
In what is Labour's deal common-sense? Doesn't Corbyn call it a "Jobs First Brexit"? That's idiotic, there's no such thing, especially as he refuses even to consider the full-Norway - CU &amp; SM, the only version that might preserve most jobs in manufacturing, services &amp; farming.
Not sure about that, both remain and leave haven't got what they really wanted. No deal or No Brexit would be better that the deal May has "Negotiated".
Watching the news and composing a tweet but this sums my feelings up perfectly.
Would like to see video of Sarjeant at Arms, rapping on Zuck's hotel door with the Mace, a silver gilt ornamental club about five feet in length, dating from the reign of Charles II.
Brexit would take back control. Thus deal doesn't.
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
Now we see the violence inherent in the Multinational Neoliberal system . Come &amp; see the violence inherent in the Multinational Neoliberal system . Help, help ! market share is inexplicably being opressed! :o #Brexit
Hi Damien. As my local MP, can I ask how you plan to vote on the Brexit deal? Thanks. James. Birkdale
Her deal isn't Brexit! She should stand down and let Mogg take over.
EU Leaders and UK Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms - New York Times
I just had an idea: - how about if the #brexit fans come on here and say how they are going to make use of the new opportunities available once we leave the EU? The top three will do for now. Come on, tell us #stopbrexit
EU Leaders and UK Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms - New York Times
Britain must agree to give up fishing rights and follow European Union regulations or face being indefinitely trapped in a customs union, President Macron warned today. via
Its not even that, Its the start of negotiations that should have begun 2 yrs ago, only starting now, with us actually technically out of the EU, well it would be if it had a hope in hell of getting passed that is, The womans not right in the Head, Besides Brexit, She's very Odd
The biggest mistake made was putting a remainer in charge ensures The Brexit question will never go away no matter how much it’s ignored.
The problem isn’t #Brexit. The problem is May &amp; the deal-backing, Remain cabal
EU leaders agree Brexit deal
You know this approach is nonsense. #brexit satisfies right wing xenophobic austerity politics and should be prevented. Lab members, voters, constituencies all want #peoplesvote
#Corbyn vows #Labour will oppose 'miserable failure' #Brexit deal after EU gives its seal of approval
Down with Brexit and Down with the Tories. Give us our democracy #PeoplesVoteNow
I'll have what she's been drinking.....
PM wanted help selling her deal - instead Spain and France expose brutal reality of Brexit for UK
Nope. TM isn't going anywhere and neither is my Brexit. Happy days
Why should Corbyn do that? May refused a to debate at the last election #Brexit
Guardian writer *check*. Anti-Corbyn take *check*. Learnt nothing over the last three years *check*
... Crime is up massively, there seem to be mass suicides occurring cos of UC and government are handing out billions to privatised infrastructure groups that keep failing. Brexit is just part of an across the board outbreak of hubris and total failure.
How absolute fucked is this whole #Brexit malarky
When the house of commons votes down this awful deal, you should resign. Then we need a #PeoplesVote to stop brexit.
SO HERE IT IIIIIIS MERRY CHRISMAS LITERALLY NO ONE'S HAVING FUN
I'll take the end of the EU and 27 bilaterals please, hold the BS.
Damage to the NHS is not caused bt Brexit, it's a result of actually being in the EU....... Population explosion over recent years has hindered not helped.
I want a People’s Vote.
was you bribed for BRINO? #Brexit
The best Tory MP:
and what exactly would be new in that?
Hear, hear, have had enough of this xenophobic toad.....
The latest Great Western Times! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Donald Tusk said, “We will remain friends until the end of days. And a day longer.” Surely these are kind and sad words, regardless of how we individually voted in 2016. #Brexit
What (who) is it good for? Absolutely nothing (no-one). #Brexit #BrexitDeal #TheresaMay #GeneralElection2019
It's as simple as that. There ain't no other choice.
Billy pretty much says it better than I can..get listening.
It’s going to be a long, hard Brexit.
I do so routinely May I respectfully suggest your time would be better spent looking after your constituents and leave me to look after mine?
Theresa May will launch a desperate bid to save her ‘historic’ Brexit deal in the Commons after 94 Tory MPs claim EU have won
I am leaving this digital footprint so my grandchildren know I engaged and tried in my way to give them a future. I don’t want them to live in a museum.
Hi Tom. Barnier is happy, Tusk is happy, Spain is happy, Ireland is happy, May is happy. The only people who are unhappy are the people of Britain. We now demand a NO DEAL Brexit. #NoDeslIsBetterThanThisDeal
Who the fuck are the morons who would vote for a no deal WTO Brexit.....
You don't believe what I've said about trade with America or that it is relevant to Brexit? Maybe you also don't believe that the NHS will be part of the trade deal process.
May's deal delivers what was on the referendum. Did you not read it? The choice was to remain as a member of the EU, or to cease being a member. The May deal has the UK no longer being a member of the EU. Brexit is delivered. Brexit is Brexit. #BrexitWinnerWhinging
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
And if the British government ignores the Brexit referendum, that will suggest that likewise, nothing the British people do has any effect on how Britain is governed (&amp; that even membership in the EU, without membership in the eurozone, is enough to nullify democracy) 3/3
Perhaps when all the newspapers, the BBC and every single Tory brexiter admits that #Brexit is stupid, and then 60% of voters agree with them, Labour Leadership will find the courage &amp; integrity to say it as well
It also can’t actually smell like “freedom” because there’s a scent for that already. Wonder if there’s a Brexit one in the works that snells of a week old diaper
Young male DUPers fanboy shamelessly in the vicinity of Boris #Brexit #DUP
Corbyn's policy on Brexit is to vote for the Tory Brexit, ensure its safe passage through Parliament, but criticise from afar. He hopes to blame the Tories and not be implicated. His policies are identical to the Tories. He has not put in any safeguards when voting for brexit!
Hello Patriots, Q People and Brexiteers. I have a message for you all. One that I hope you can all take WE WILL NOT GO QUIETLY INTO THE NIGHT WE STAND AND FIGHT! Out nation depends on it! #StopMay #Treason #WeThePeople #NODEAL #WWG1WGA #LetsDoThis #BREXIT
ThinkScotland - for free markets and free thinking #Brexit
I do not suppose there is any chance of forwarding the recent polls to the "Labour strategists"
Which European country has the most to lose in the case of a hard Brexit? by Mats Andersson
Brexit show trials on ITV would be nice.
Where have I done that? You’ve not provided anything in support of Brexit that stands up to scrutiny. I’ve given you a litany of answers to you question, and those don’t exhaustive.
So Llanelli voted leave. Schaeffler Ltd the main employer in Llanelli announced this week that 220 jobs will go due to Brexit. Did the people of Llanelli vote to lose their jobs? Or were they not fully informed of the impact?
Evening Headlines &gt; Syria Rebels Gas Attack &gt; China Pakistan Unease &gt; Brexit And Church Read All About It All Free All The Time #HackneyBooks #Syria #PakistanChina #Brexit #HackneyBooksNews
Ruth Sunderland: No-deal #Brexit puts financial services industry at risk
Ambivalent about his political legacy, but he’s definitely got a point here.
Ruth Sunderland: No-deal #Brexit puts financial services industry at risk
Need a #WebDesigner or #WebDeveloper? Need To #debug and #fix #bugs, #errors in your #WordPress #website? To get all the #WordPress bug fixing related service please visit: #Conmebol #Christmas #DwightHoward #Brexit #BlackFriday #blackfriday
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
I presume you mean that is offering the certainty of damaging our economy, robbing people of the opportunities of free movement, making EU citizens living here feel unwelcome and making us the laughing stock of the world. So no, I won’t be backing the Brexit deal!
'Just admitted...' no he didnt - this is a lie
Meanwhile..... As the UK and Western Europe are falling apart over #Brexit, Putin takes the opportunity to cement his grip on Ukraine / Eastern Mediterranean:
They belive Parliament will decide to No Brexit rather than No Deal. That looks very likely to me.
Thank you for the letter Mrs May. I attach my response. #Brexit
The only way some of the #brexit idiots will understand is making them get visitor visas to places like Ibiza etc - unable to afford the expensive holidays of the future - they will change track and root for #Remainers
This is an exceptional thread, and an indictment of those who accuse the Left of intolerance.
I wonder if is looking for "A new England" now... #brexit #theresamay
The Dutch PM summed up 's #Brexit deal pretty aptly today. "There are no victors here today. We are all losing."
Brexit LIVE: Angela Merkel’s allies issue GRAVE warning to UK ‘A HISTORIC MISTAKE’ Some people will say Angela Merkel is a great historical mistake....
Actually, I was wondering what part of our national interest is it to take away a load of our rights and protections? No version of Brexit is better for the UK than staying in the EU and you know it. Your loathing of the “other” is wrecking us all.
I don't think it would make any difference. The Hardcore (Right Wing) pro Brexit would go berserk whatever happens against their views.
May it be ground into the dust. A coalition animated by antisemitism deserves the same result as the fascist ideologies of the 20th century: the dustbin of society.
I am not sure that is true for many ardent #Brexiters.
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
“ they got what they wanted and do not want to loose it for the UK and the Tory party it’s a disaster blame the MPs
Ben Jennings on EU leaders and Theresa May's Brexit deal – cartoon
The Brexit Deal: ‘Heartbreaking’ to see the UK leave the EU after 40 years, says Angela Merkel. Says it all as far as I’m concerned. A People’s Vote is essential! At least now, the electorate would have a better idea of what they are voting for.
You are far from alone, Deborah.
How i feel about #Brexit #ImaCeleb
Wtf is a #shadowminister? Sounds like a badass #DarkSouls #Bloodborne boss! Didn’t know you guys had such sweet titles. #Brexit
Excellent clarity from We deserve better than May's ultra hard brexit 'deal' .
A general election is needed for sake of this country and is far more than just about brexit it is people lives subjected to crimes from this government. Getting this governemnt out is imperative for many reasons and to have any chance of reamin is the only option
Let’s just hope that TMs deal doesn’t get passed through the commons and we leave on WTO rules. That way Brexit is delivered. There’s never been any other version of Brexit that encompasses all that was voted for.
Make no mistake, the only people responsible for Brexit 100% are the tories, Cameron started it and May has hashed it up finishing with a crap deal for the uk. Talk about a reach!
The truth hurts
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
This could be quite a good tactic by May. Corbyn is equally as weak on Brexit.
'Bollocks to Brexit' bus to tour constituencies of May and Corbyn
I can see this brexit fiasco ending in an erection
Come on Arlene! #brexit #DUP
Brexit is Britain's loss. History will condemn the fools who led the nation to this brink.
2 worst political leaders since Heath &amp; Wilson want to debate what? Brexit! Both were so silent on the subject. One promotes a remainers deal which is contra her brexit party members beliefs against a leaver who cannot state his parties beliefs as 60% of his seats are for Brexit.
Why aren't you on tv today Robert? Lots of Brexit stuff going on. We need your insight and energy to poke and tell off MPs on behalf of your many viewers. I can't wait until Weds...
Russian Bear now shooting stealing 3 Ukrainian ships …… Brexit is absurd in the circumstances. Boris and Liam haven't an ounce of common sense. Better together every time !!!!!!!!!!
BBC News - EU leaders agree UK's Brexit deal at Brussels summit
I don't know whether to laugh or be insulted that you honestly think we, who voted you into power can't see through this failure of a deal. What I can say is when I vote again I will just be spoiling my ballot paper "betrayed by the Tory party over Brexit".
Just heard that May had already consulted with the lions, considered their perspective into the Brexit continuum... and discarded them (just like EVERY other source of opinion).
“Grievance” is one of the most loaded words there is, Matt. It’s being used deliberately to shut down debate of genuine concerns, and to deny existence of the huge democratic deficit that exists within “U”K.
No Brexit is better than any Brexit. As you well know. Find your moral compass &amp; your backbone. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
They’ll probably not be all that happy about the way they handled brexit either.
Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
They obviously did not care otherwise they would not have ignored the warnings and voted to leave. They knew all this and still voted for Brexit. They won, time to honour the result and stop whining.
I am incandescent with rage at Theresa May, David Cameron &amp; Tories. HER Withdrawal Agreement doesn’t work for me &amp; never will. She has betrayed us. I am alienated, this Brexit madness has divided my country &amp; Theres no way back. My trust is gone, forever
I bless the rains down in brexit
Corbyn again playing with fire due to his arrogance. No better than May. Right now, arguably worse.
The latest The Yes For Success Daily! #brexit #vicvotes
Strong play, this.
Brexit ! Brexit! Come in to eat your miaow-mix!
True to form Marr has to interrupt the flow of a point being well made, especially if it's a point against Brexit, and he does it with... "the English in particular have never been ruled by anybody else". What??? Surely can do better than this. #Marr
Mainstream media once again trying to spin to the general public that Theresa May's Brexit deal is best for Britain. How about you spineless twats, whose journalistic views have gone down the pan, stop spreading your fake news agenda. We know it's the worst deal for the UK.
The brexit deal is a DISASTER! It’s dead in the water! The backstop needs to be removed. If it remains this deal with fail in the commons!period!
Thread reminder of New Labour's responsibility in creating #hostileenvironment
WELL WE ARE CERTAINLY LEARNING WHO THE PATRIOT MP'S ARE TO OUR COUNTRY !!! Speaking on BBC One’s The Andrew Marr Show, Hunt urged his fellow Conservative MPs to back the Brexit deal, saying it was the best that could be expected for now.
Indeed, she was a dreadful Home Secretary and should never have been let anywhere near No. 10.
What the f*cking unholy f*ck is this
If only Blair was labour leader now.
For Globalists its a sad day. I get that. But not for Brexit people. Quite the opposite. Juncker talks about the sad future for our grandchildren, he has no children or grandchildren. His line stops here. Delighted for my children and grand children so long as we get out now.
'Look at the HORROR!' Tony Blair SAVAGED by Andrew Marr in tense second Brexit vote row Blair is pure poison.
Are you thick? The point made repeatedly is that political views in Northern Ireland are more often than not divided along religious lines. So it goes with brexit.
Austerity to increase with Brexit. Food bank use up (brick), businesses 'streamlining', 'preparing for worst' or closing (rivi biscuits). Heinz may be global but others aren't. Canvas and inform your constituence, deal with immigration using EU directives as previously ignored.
Now those are true words!
You had me at “binding obligation ... to use their best endeavours.”
May's deal isn't Brexit. Dress it up how you like with doublespeak, until Brexit has been implemented a second vote is undemocratic and an attempt to overturn the largest democratic vote ever held in the UK.
Praying MPs vote down the Brexit deal. Want another referendum please and thanks xx
Laura, will you be asking Mayr to provide a credible forecast that predicts ANY Brexit dividend, or is that too much effort? #westminsterhour
‘You’re the losers now!’ – Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid hits out at Brexit voters
or she could just do the sensible thing and stop brexit? how is the public to get behind a deal that two thirds of the country didnt vote for?
And that's why there must be a #PeoplesVote . If Corbyn won't back a PV he's complicit in the destruction of Britain. Someone in Labour grow a backbone and boot the fucker out for the sake of tbe country. #stopbrexit
Don't let the brexit stop him and his friends leave
Key points in the EU-UK Brexit agreement
Spot on about the Civil Service. For too long, they've been hiding behind the humorous facade of Sir Humphrey. Any PM who really wants to lead the UK post-Brexit is going have to redefine what public servants can and can't do, a task harder than Brexit itself.
Article 13 is voted on the 19th January, WE DON'T BREXIT TILL MARCH!
Wales less prosperous after Brexit deal, says first minister
There is no upside to Brexit.
Despite #Brexit : 'Mini-Disney' comes to Didcot - Judge Dredd publisher to open UK film and TV studios
AND THE GOP GO AFTER HILLARY'S EMAILS... WTF?
His Brexit policy is as clear as mud
Yeah we know they lied. We have known for years. Exposing them time &amp; again hasn't stopped Brexit, has it? Does anyone know the real reason why they want Brexit? Avoid EU 2019 anti-tax-avoiding laws? Make money from the misery of the ordinary people? Expose those time &amp; again.
My old passport was NOT blue, it was BLACK. But I suspect that doesn't play so well to your average brexit racist.
Brexit - Statement on the draft Withdrawal Agreement | Julia Lopez MP
Exactly
Facebook is about to go down. Facebook gave us brexit &amp; Donald fucking trump.
Maybot has crashed by the sounds of it... #Brexit #BrexitChaos
After #Brexit both the Irish land border and Spain/Gibraltar border are potential leaks of non compliant shit into the EU. You can bet the moment that happens shit will hit the fan. The UK brought this on itself
High praise for ‘Heroic Failure: Brexit and the Politics of Pain’ by Fintan O’Tool
E.U. Leaders and U.K. Agree on Brexit Divorce Terms
Thanks for pointing this one out. More education required.
Mrs May’s whole approach has been the opposite of bringing this country together. From the beginning Brexit Meant Brexit and sod those if you who didn’t like it. Her legacy is a poorer, angrier, divided Britain
I don't think he has needed to plant his flag until now. Brexit policy was set at conference, thats how the party works. But him and Starmer need to move away from the "we will win a general election, then renegotiate" stance. As the EU accepting May's deal ends that possibility
PM wanted help selling her deal - instead #Spain and #France expose brutal reality of #Brexit for #UK
Really not a fan of straight blokes saying "man crush" when they are fond of another bloke/footballer. Granite Brexit needed.
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn as campaign begins to win Commons vote on deal
Haven't seen much X factor but there appears to be a Scouse chap more under the influence than Robbie Williams. A show of annoying pub karaoke hoggers. Maybe it'll be a victim of #Brexit #BrexFactor
Facts are facts
Theresa May is playing a clever game. A Remainer; puts a deal in front of Parliament knowing it won’t be accepted however ‘the vote’ is honoured. Once rejected she is the only one to conceive a deal but gets what every Remainer wants; for the lunacy to stop! #brexit
A Tory Chancellor lies to the public: “Brexit deal 'better than staying in EU', says Philip Hammond”
Oh stop being such a Bremoaner. We have our Brexit deal, let’s take it
Delingpole: Britain's Worst Ever Prime Minister May Yet Save Brexit
Theresa May secures Brexit agreement with European leaders, but hard work starts at home. #Analysis
The bare branches of Brexit
Write to your MP - everybody has a story about how Brexit will hurt them, their family, their community. MPs need our support to demand a . Letters or emails, volume, volume, volume!
Go on . I have previously supported the but got nothing to lose after their Brexit betrayal. Absolutely debate the Prime Minister in a televised tv debate. Everytime Theresa May speaks she only makes it worse for herself. #brexit
If you genuinely believe that, then you're thick as a bucket of cowshit on a cold day, and you absolutely deserve the repercussions of a no deal brexit. A shame the rest of us would have to live in the same third world tinpot dictatorship, but nonetheless...
"Or, we could leave without a deal" said in a "Nobody is stupid enough to want that" voice. It's the only way to deliver the BrExit people voted for. #BBCNews
What I don’t get: lots of Remain MPs refused to resist Art 50 being served b/c their constituents voted Leave. I disagreed with this view but accept it at least had some logic. Now that Brexit MPs’ constituents are wanting to Remain, why aren’t these MPs responding accordingly?
Oh how I wish, but I'm still left wondering how that resolves the brexit mess..
I intend to join Brexit
For by 80s BBC Model B owners here is how the below computer program (Labour party policy over Brexit deal) was written: 10 Check who created deal 20 If 10= ‘Conservatives’ goto 30 without reading deal 30 Vote down deal
"Now the public can weigh up the risks and benefits of the actual deal as opposed to Brexit fantasy." Really? I don't wish to be unkind, but they didn't do a very good job last time. What has changed to suddenly bring competence? We need MPs to vote this down in a free vote.
Well well well I don’t believe it !!!
So “knowing” what the result would be renders the exercise illegitimate? Sounds anti democratic to me. Leave would win again if fresh referendum held on Brexit, Diane Abbott says | The Independent
In the run up to the referendum, I struggled to find anyone that could argue for brexit without mentioning immigration. It's all anyone cared about and it's all Theresa May cares about too. I'm ashamed of her for this, utterly ashamed.
I can picture it, Mother Theresa trying 2 convince parliament it's the best deal constantly shouted down. As a grand finalé doing a Michael Heseltine grabs the Mace launches it at back benches screaming "FUCK OFF" storming out of the house!!! #Brexit #BrexitDeal #brexitshambles
The Government's can't-do attitude to Brexit has got us into this mess. But there is a way out it's
Deborah is another one who thinks the penguins on the falklands will starve when we #Brexit. Unusual for an entrepreneur to believe we’re not able to be self reliant as a people.
I can't help but think that the brexit deal was done by an AI running on slogans.
Becuse we will have to treat you as any other unaffiliated third state which means tariffs and because spain, Portugal, Netherlands and Denmark as members and norway as EEA member will be keen to pick up the market. Hard #Brexit will crash the UK fishing industry
Not just the young.
So why do they want Brexit at all?
Exactly right. Backbenchers can't do it alone. The government has to do this. And something massive has to happen for there to be a Prime Minister - Tory or Labour - who would even *want* to halt Brexit, let alone for all the other necessary pieces to fall into place.
Might want to rethink that statement....
No, we are heading for no deal. That will deliver a proper Brexit.
On this historic day, I’m glad Brexit is making Europe more stable...
Current chaos requires weekly reminder #Brexit has nothing to do with sovereignty or EU limits on trade. It's all explained here #Remain #PeoplesVote #bbcqt
As usual with it's been fudged and the factions are arguing about its interpretation. Specifically the difference between "access to" and "participation in" the single market. If they'd wanted to be clear they'd have said "membership of"
BBC News - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
I liked a video UKIP MEP Margot Parker on EU signing off Brexit deal (25Nov18)
The May/Junkers relationship is akin to a Punch and Judy show and I am sure that my grandchildren would be glad to see the end of that
First question is to Jeremy Corbyn: "Have you actually read the agreement yet?" "No but I read the review in a copy of the Morning Star down the allotment." #Brexit
THIS
Please please please we must have a NO DEAL #Brexit so these traitors to the Country have to resign
[EU will still negotiate soft Brexit, or accept UK has changed it's mind &amp; let us Remain, if we voted for it. This is only the 'best deal' Theresa May could get bcos of Tory red lines - &amp; it's a shit deal for all, however you voted] #StopBrexit #ToriesOut
I mean the guy I know who marched up to me one day and said, "You lot are stopping us from leaving the EU," and all of the others who think you can trample all over #GFA, families, and medical needs because stupid old #Brexit uber alles. Every single day.
Jeremy Corbyn is so incompetent May might actually come across better than expected on this. But what’s the point? Having two people who will both lead to this country’s wreckage arguing on which way of destroying the country is more efficient? Giving up sovereignty VS socialism.
None of which negates his well-argued stance that Brexit will cause irreparable damage to this country in every conceivable way
In Biggest UK Crisis Since 1945, Premier May Desperately Seeking Brexit Deal from 27 Nations at Sunday’s EU Brussels Summit; No Brexit Is Only Viable Option! Webster G. Tarpley, Ph.D.
#Tories who've been door-stepping Britain claim mass support for May's #Brexit so-called 'deal'. They must be confident of a general election majority too. Bring it on! Their failure is unparalleled in British history. Let's consign them early to the abyss they so richly deserve
Of course it will. It’s crap. Brexit is an un achievable fantasy. We should remain and revoke A50.
... and we are paying for it
This video clip should be shown before all Brexit discussions, programs, statements, ...... Maybe it is not too late.
Why are the Tories still in power? Why are the opposition are allowing this to continue? The Labour party used to be strong but now they look pathetic and ineffectual. A party that cannot defeat this government is not fit to govern. #FBPE #peoplesvote #Brexit #waton
Crickey. ....... it seems everyone is happy with the Brexit deal approved by the European Union today. So Nationals are not permitted you have an opinion nor contend for a better deal.
Theresa May wants to do a TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn to defend her Brexit deal. You know, that thing she avoided like a plague during the general election in 2017 and sent Amber Rudd in her place. Yeah, she wants to do one of those.
#Brexit: What happens next? Your questions answered
100% this. Just fucking stop Brexit
Seems Robert and I have similar views on this.
Tl;dr: Tony Blair spent 10 years being “tough on immigrants” and by the end of the process, it made the UK more anti-immigrant and anti-refugee, made the Tories more popular, and led to Brexit
#HolidayFoodComaRemedies A bowl of Brexit cereal
Dear Prime Minister You are about to subject the UK public to a two week blitz of propaganda designed to “sell” your deal. Please don’t. You are wasting your time - and ours. Your deal does not deliver Brexit. It’s not what we voted for &amp; we won’t stand for it. Yours The UK
What on earth for..? #skypapers #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal
Symbolic to me that the Meaningful Vote is scheduled for exactly a year after the Debate in parliament on the need for a FinalSay on Brexit. I hope MPs have the courage &amp; decency to StandUp2Brexit
‘Brexit is a certainty’ Brave words indeed. Let’s revisit this in 3mths...
Theresa May's letter to the nation. Which tells us all the things her Brexit deal will do. And contains not one single word about HOW her Brexit deal will do them. This letter is as empty as her cold robotic heart. #PeoplesVoteNow
Oh you don’t know about this:
This brexit thing is going to cause anarchy.
Oh you don’t know about this:
becomes a Comical Ali tribute act. 40 reasons to back the Brexit deal
*furiously taking notes on how to write a really acid rant*
Trump, brexit, global warming...
Perhaps the backstop can be the 1975 EU ref? If High Court void 2016 EU ref perhaps the judges will consider 1975 EU ref which was a mandate to go into the EU &amp; stop article 50 process. Queens Christmas message no brexit due to foreign interference would be the will of the people
DUP may back Norway-style Brexit deal, says Arlene Foster
If you’re an Urban Planner in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Not sad but defiant: Theresa May makes case for Brexit deal
Not sure why they are protesting, they got what they wanted
Brexit deal signed: now brace for an almighty flap with Brussels over fishing it's
I’m so depressed by #BrexitChaos today that I’m grateful for the distraction provided by the Lithuanian President’s hair. #brexit #BrexitDeal
Sadly, this is classic *Green Carpet* - everyone hates it equally. No Deal would mean some people get what thy want. No Brexit, the same. This way, no one gets what they want. It's no way to run a country.
I feel deeply sad when I see the plight of young people in Greece 45% + youth unemployment, 30% + in Spain &amp; Italy...&amp; the high suicide rates amongst young men in those countries, all directly attributable to the EUro crisis. You &amp; your fellow apparatchiks are a disgrace.
maybe you could tell us how they are going to make use of the new opportunities a post-#brexit britain will afford them. Just a couple of example will do for now.
#MayMustGo I can't believe this is happening who would vote for this #Brexit
The latest The Open Unionism Daily! Thanks to #brexit #chrishazzardmp
We're out the CAP, CFP, border control, customs union and single market and can make trade deals outwith the EU. It's brexit but keeps tarriff free trading at least for now.
Labour plays waiting game over second Brexit referendum But of course we have this fuckwit...
The best argument yet for Brexit failing.
Probably there will be no brexit anyway.
Bring it on Theresa #BrexitChaos May
Which brings me to Brexit. No deal is better than a deal because I don't think they'll fall into Dev's blunder. They'll sign it but implement something v different.
And here we are...
Who is the real Nigel #Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
The problem with being in charge is that you have to deal with reality’s.
“The message to MPs from Theresa May and her counterparts: don't kid yourselves if you think something else might magically appear if you vote it down. And the message to the public? Just let me get on with it, then we can all stop talking about Brexit”
“The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe because it’s handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them” Unless we properly #LeaveEu millions of #BRexit-ers willl never vote again &amp; #Tories will finally understand how feel
No. There is no obligation to go through with Brexit. Once Theresa May’s deal gets voted down, minds will be admirably focused, especially when the Government publishes the deal comparison it has promised to.
There is no hard BREXIT that's a term made up by the remoaners the BREXIT we voted for was leaving customs union and single market and taking back control. Leave means leave simple were told that just that people won't accept it
She's trying to punish the electorate for daring to vote the 'wrong' way. The political elite think they know best and they've been trying to thwart Brexit since before the referendum with the ongoing project fear.
Can some explain to me why this is being called a Brexit deal by when this is just a transition arrangement and the deal itself is still to be negotiated? It’s actually a bridge to nowhere.
There is nothing honourable about Brexit.
Juncker is such a Twat. If there was ever a reason for a (God forbid) hard Brexit. He is it.
Spots and stripes. Never a good look. Levva jacket. Always. (Let this be a lesson.)
If we hadn't known this already?
That'll be a hell NO #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
This, re: fisheries and #Brexit.
That's not Brexit
You talk a lot about neomarketilism on the Keiser report. Brexit &amp; Trump go hand in hand, anti globalist.
If Brexit goes through the army will,be on our streets . Democracy will be toast
The UK used to be called the cradle of Democracy - once
Theresa May didn't get reaction she'd hoped for from desperate Brexit letter via
Trucks have freedom of movement but not people. What a great victory for the UK
Macron is already showing the EU true colours. Unless the UK surrenders its fishing rights it will not be released from the backstop. This is one terrible deal which has negotiated. #BlockTheBrexitDeal
Question on : Can Scotland block Brexit?
Go on . I have previously supported the but got nothing to lose after their Brexit betrayal. Absolutely debate the Prime Minister in a televised tv debate. Everytime Theresa May speaks she only makes it worse for herself. #brexit
Sold down the river by Theresa May who never wanted us to leave the EU. What a sad and sorry state of affairs. Ruined by the EU. I'm a Tory who wishes for a new P.M.
Can someone explain what is so bad about this deal. Lots of MPs slagging it off but none of them actually explain what they would do.
The agreement excludes Gibraltar from a future trade agreement between the UK and EU. It leaves Gibraltar out on a limb with third party status. Given it only has 30,000 inhabitants it will have no negotiating clout unless a future UK government throws it full weight being Gib.
When's the US referendum on using lethal force for illegally entering? I bet it would be a more decisive result than brexit. Save money on the wall too
Anything &amp; everything is possible. You have to always remember that whatever the elite want, they always get. I want out, totally. I voted to leave. No hard or soft brexit. Just get the fuck out. But we all know that what we want we won’t get. After all, who the fuck are we.
Might want to rethink that statement.
Heavy argument about Brexit last night, what saturdays are for xx
For the same reason she avoided campaigning in the EU referendum, tried to avoid campaigning in GE 2017 and has avoided sustained engagement around all her major Brexit setpieces.
Genuinely interested what alternative are proposing? An actual proposal by HM opposition and a position of genuine clarity. Because if it’s a belter, he gets my vote?
When a stoppable force meets a movable object
Leading Brexiter Tories have revealed their plans to allow private US firms to take over NHS hospitals. They are also planning for the UK to adopt lower US environmental and food safety regulations and allow imports of things that are presently banned...RT
And 40 reasons not to back the deal.
If there's a second referendum to be had, it should be on the single market &amp; free movement. That's the only way to give UK politicians a decisive instruction on what comes next. #Brexit
I just feel sorry for the Brexiteers. They have got the Brexit they deserve, not the one they want. This is Canada Plus Plus with Soft Trade Borders ... they are basically protesting Soft Trade Borders.
This is an easy one: YES! #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow
No I’ve asked my MP to reject it as it does not meet the manifesto promises he made on Brexit during the election campaign and what won him his seat.
Quite right she calls for informed consent on Brexit, yet never did for the Maastricht &amp; Lisbon Treaties that the electorate were denied a say on.
Hello Patriots People and Brexiteers. I have a message for you WE WILL NOT GO QUIETLY INTO THE NIGHT WE STAND AND FIGHT! Out nation depends on it! #StopMay #Treason #WeThePeople #NODEAL #WWG1WGA #LetsDoThis #BREXIT
Chequers was possible. But it would have had a high economic cost. and May wasn't willing to meet it. She's still a Remainer, who's trying to do damage limitation on Brexit. To that degree the Brexiteers are right in their criticism (although I'm with May on this)
Factbox - With the DUP opposed to the #Brexit deal, PM May's working majority is minus 7
All of the UK establishment parties including UKIP have failed the people, it is time for real change #FreeTommy #WeThePeople #WWG1WGA #Freedom #WalkAway #Qanon #AslansArmy #ControlledMSM #GreatAwakening #BrexitAlliance the World is watching #spygate tick tock
'Not part of the decision making process' then not, in any way, subject to the decisions. #simples #BREXIT
BBC News - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing it's
#Brexit process from here. 1. General election 2. Extend Article50 for 12months 3. Serious preparations for #NODEAL 4. 2nd referendum on #Remain or #NoDeal under strict information rules. Personally I want to #Remain but if we are leaving let's stop this embarrassing Tory farce
This should not surprise anyone. Russia/USSR has a long history of acting when its main opponents are distracted.
No "race hate issues" here - they're all in your mind based on a couple of tweets. I just fail to see how immigration was not a driver. And no agenda either, other than the pound in my pocket, which will clearly shrink post-Brexit.
This is worth a read:
Social media sites make it quite clear that the public are not behind May or her Brexit deal I hope that MPs are also aware of the strength of feeling against this deal if the electorate are ignored then I can see no future for the Conservative Party They must oust her
Time to lead, not wait for things to fall apart. Time to back a #PeoplesVote
Tonight the Russian Bear is shooting on and stealing 3 Ukrainian ships …… Brexit is absurd in the circumstances. Boris and Liam and their clique haven't an ounce of common sense. Better together every time !!!!!!!!!!
Brexit is bigger than Corbyn
Please listen to Dan Hannan!
BBC News - Reality Check: Brexit withdrawal agreement - what it all means
always cool to see my friend ! I'll pretend I am in Sydney eating breakfast or waking up...
Leo Varadkar has done his absolute best to damage Brexit
Brexit would take back control. This deal doesn't.
Every time I hear Brexit I think of breakfast and then I'm sad that I have no breakfast infront of me.
I have to say that, in their apocalyptic rhetoric on Brexit, a number of people seem to have forgotten they are in the SNP.
No, British children and grandchildren will be extremely grateful that their parents had the courage and determination to free them from this dire dictatorship. Just as we today are greatful for past generations sacrifices freeing us from past European dictatorships.
DUP may back Norway-style Brexit deal, says Arlene Foster
What I now don't get is, if this deal is voted down because it's shit, isn't the only alternative then a no deal Brexit? Everyone says this would be a disaster, but surelt there isn't time for another referendum? Genuinely, what are they hoping to achieve by voting it down?
misleading is a euphemism. The rich Tory backers see their chance to avoid paying more tax on offshore accounts in particular and to profiteer from the woes of sterling. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #PeoplesVoteNow
"We"? Not me, I didn't vote for this shit.
Regardless of the vote in the commons, I respect the work you have done in respect of brexit, and the dignified way you have conducted yourself. A stark contrast to the UK government, a blithering embarrassment, and the laughing stock of the world.
This woman is deluded. The vote was for Brexit. This is a democracy and Leave means Leave. Not stay chained to the EU in an attempt to appease everyone. Margaret Thatcher once said if you straddle the middle of the road you will get hit from both sides.
‘Twas ever thus, and makes Corbyn’s tacit approval of Brexit/Lexit all the more despicable.
Facepalm moment..... BBC News - Wales less prosperous after Brexit deal, says first minister
£394m per week on Google Ads, then.
BBC News - Analysis: Macron's blunt Brexit warning to UK over fishing
The bastard should have asked the same question when he sent troops into Iraq and Helmand. Get off our screens you murdering prat. A million people died in Tony and George’s pathetic crusade. How many people have missing limbs because of this prick? Off to The Hague please.
Let's have a #FinalSay #PeoplesVoteNow and end this #BrexitChaos #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Every single opinion poll suggests otherwise. However, even if there is still a majority for Leave, a #PeopleVote is still the right course of action. #Brexit
Crickey. ....... it seems everyone is happy with the Brexit deal approved by the European Union today. So Nationals are not permitted to you have an opinion in opposition nor contend for a better deal.
Tony, your child has read more about Brexit than Arlene Foster has!
Russian Bear now shooting stealing 3 Ukrainian ships …… Brexit is absurd in the circumstances. Boris and Liam haven't an ounce of common sense. Better together every time !!!!!!!!!!
How is it Maajid Nawaz can be a radio presenter yet he cannot talk to people.
Brexit protest in Brussels sees demonstrators set fire to mock deal
Brains? As Brexit suggests a national shortage...
In the time it took Anne to swallow that witchety grub, a full six Brexit secretaries have come and gone. #imaceleb #teamanne #annehegerty
Hi mark u peculiar brexit bot, burn in block hell
Theresa May plans to go over MPs’ heads to win support for her Brexit deal
We all know that but it's hypothetical as to how many people actually do not trust Politicians and would chose a Fictional character!! Following May's Brexit betrayal. You have to read between the lines
Only the #conservatives can end Brexit.
I don’t think you get it Dave, the Tory party is finished. May has gone too far. You need to break away and form a new party.
Just a GE and Labour, thanks.
Brexit will be brilliant. Get behind it and stop moaning.
Does your first sentence make sence? Lexit would be as damaging to ordinary people as May's Brexit. #Remain
Spain Stands Firm on Gibraltar Status as Brexit Vote Nears
What will happen to EU citizens in the UK after Brexit?
Really?
abcnews: Theresa May secures Brexit agreement with European leaders, but hard work starts at home. #Analysis
I wish they knew but I think it's not half 'IN' half 'OUT' with their apendages waving all about
Oh man, wait. Are you referring to this Morning Star? How does this align with your supposed anti-Brexit position?
This one is for you...
Brexit voters should hang their heads in shame. And Johnson, Gove etc are beyond contempt.
Watching Juncker etc they don't buy own line about "only" #Brexit deal. MPs will reject. EU will then budge. It'll still be bad. Inevitable.
Labour has a 'Common Sense' Deal?? Who knew? So 2-1/2 years after the referendum, where is it?
In none of this brexit malarkey have I heard about the euromillions and if I'll still be able to win 40million upwards. You know priorities #brexit #priorities #brexitdeal
One of the most reasonable unbiased market guys I've enjoyed over the years and very fair views on everything . Good point on #GBPUSD that it could drop to about 1.22 if NO Deal and then move up if a modified deal gets done. A must follow for FX. Not so much for Rugby ;)
Don't worry, Mr Watson, It's only UK leaders who are focused on Brexit.
This is why I love Bruce Dickinson.
Go on . I have previously supported the but got nothing to lose after their Brexit betrayal. Absolutely debate the Prime Minister in a televised tv debate. Everytime speaks she only makes it worse for herself. #brexit
#GI5006, "United we stand, divided we fall" still apply to Europe in the international anarchic structure couple with increasingly populist, nationalist and protectionist sentiments in large parts of the world.
