Brexit is not racist it's democratic will 2 leave political union! u don't like result &amp; I bet u've cried like a bitch ever since!
If there was to be a GE what would tories put in their manifesto under brexit pledge?
And govt were given to negotiate deal which they have, but parliament are not looking like they will approve the deal, due to mix of Brexit snd Remain fanaticism. In those circumstances the only realistic and democratic next step is to get the people to decide.
No I didn’t vote for Brexit thinking that little island is still what it was from 1800 now watch everything go to shit and you guys are ok with that happening with Epl? Stupid
Does Brexit affect the Bosman ruling? will it be another ruling to be brought into U.K. Law?
Don’t make me laugh.
‘The delusion is great in this one’ We had THE ‘People’s Vote ‘ in 2016.
No it's clear it's not! Brexit means "OUT" of the EU, neither Corbyn or May truly wants this. #HalfArsed
because its the BBC, and anything or anyone anti-Brexit gets air time...
I hope the National Audit office will review processes around this &amp; other aspects of Brexit preparations &amp; appropriate action is taken ( which I doubt somehow)
And when you thought football had enough daft quotes for weekend.
Remember him?
I hear you. But if we can't stop leaving then you can either get a Singapore on Thames brexit or one for the masses
Brilliant article
I think he has genuinely changed his mind on this. Calling for another vote is not stopping brexit - merely giving EVERYONE, leavers &amp; remainers &amp; not-so-sures, a chance to make a FINAL decision based on the actual options available. PPL can still vote out if they wish! #wato
Guy looks like the biggest Tory cunt ever
Please stop calling me out. It's nonsense #brexit
Karen Bradley: No-deal Brexit could create 'feelings of unrest'
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote Sky News
No. We need a new PM who supports #brexit &amp; unfortunately can't provide that. #NoGeneralElection
TRUST! ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS " May says voting against Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in democracy"
Siri ‘show me a typical Brexit voter’
If the Conservative government does not take us out of the #EU then they will never be voted in another general election. There will be riots and an underground ppls army will rise like the I.R.A. We must leave otherwise face civil war and the rise of the far right. #Brexit
There has been two years of screeching Brexit doom in deafening volume.
Is for surviving Brexit.
Dawn, I have observed (and I'm sure this happened in error) that on your recent poll on twitter dot com, regarding topics of importance that you might cover on your up and coming appearance on national television, the option "red, white and blue Brexit" was not present. I underst
At least there is one consensus amongst the UK population that #Brexit has highlighted - we need better MPs. We really did drop the ball. We need to do better. THEN we can demand better.
what is the concrete evidence that pressure is growing?
CONSEQUENCES for these cowardly, lying, question dodging pieces of dog shit NOW please.
Also. I wonder how many people who voted Leave thought they were voting to leave the human rights convention.
Cardiff City is in 17th place. Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
A few headbangers - you mean the people who were right about integration by deception, the actual meaning of Maastricht, and Euro membership? Whilst those who were wrong (or deceiving us) about those things sti strut about making expert proclamations unchallenged? #Brexit
Thanks for that sophisticated contribution which has added to the collective understanding of how JC would resolve our crisis through a GE but can’t say whether Labour would be for Remain or Brexit but right now he favours Brexit Deal on terms EU has already excluded . All sorted
Are you saying that you voted Labour in 2017 even though there was zero offer in their manifesto to even mildly challenge Brexit? I'm asking this because you are the only 'we' you represent.
get sir Neil incharge of brexit!
"Fucking brexit up" means it might happen. Surely every patriotic Labour MP (and supporter) has a duty to stop this tragedy, which is so much more important than playing for narrow party advantage?
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
No one believes a better Brexit deal can be negotiated, the EU holds the cards so I don’t know how JC can capitalise on May’s incompetence to lead when all everyone can think of is Brexit. Not sure I made myself clear lol. Basically the UK is in limbo until Brexit is resolved?
What will Tuesday's Brexit vote may mean for the pound? More wild rides for investors.
As a wish list that is great,but sadly highly unlikely before any sort of decision on Brexit is made..its a stale mate with no real solutions other than a peoples vote,May resigning,and a G.E which if Lab loses will end Corbyn,most likely though another coalition of sorts.
You voted to invoke article 50 and your party also campaigned on brexit, and now shit houses like you are renaging on your votes, all I hope is that you and your shower are de selected.
#Brexit wrecks it!
So these people who just want Brexit and can see what's happening, are now just fascists? Therefore 17.4million people are fascists?! Okaaaayyyyy!
I don't think anyone would suggest there would be a "perfect deal", but what is certain is the public voted in a referendum to leave the EU and a no deal Brexit is the default position. It's what we voted for, challenges that might lay ahead are not reasons to reverse it.
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strong opposing views on Brexit
David I don’t know you, but as a former servicemen like myself; I respect you! The Government will be the cause of any Civil Unrest due to their incompetence in the handling of #Brexit They’re doing all they can to mess it up &amp; get it overturned! That’s not democratic!
#Sundaymotivation to call for a #PeoplesVote to stop #Brexit shambles.
How to fuck your career in 1 minute or less. What a nugget.
O'Neill is right - why the left is pro the EU is an absolute mystery #brexit #FBPE
Another champagne socialist with nothing else to do than wind people up
Grateful for the views of the manager of middling football teams on a subject for which he has absolutely no qualifications whatsoever. Stick to the day job, Neil.
Get rid of Sourby I say.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Keegan is right here. Corbyn is likely to lose an election even with the worst government for decades - and he’s making a mistake about Brexit. Please retire you’ve had yr chance. On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?
And yet you want to stop brexit, therefore encouraging the government and zero hour contracts, so filling jobs with people from outside the country on lower wages and hindering our children's future. Go figure?
Well, what more do we need? Colin Wanker is pro-Brexit
Yes, unbelievable. This in its own way sums up the hopeless absence of government as a result of Brexit (it also illustrates what a QC is able to do, given their head). How will ministers manage any kind of Brexit if this is the level of competence?
Delay to Brexit on way, Cabinet ministers reveal
“Carragher on Brexit”.
So we pledge £14m to support a British start up and we don’t suggest UK seafarers might be a good idea? Is this the #Brexit of opportunities we were promised? #SeaborneFreight #brexitferry
Jamie’s knows
Agree look at what's happening on a political spectrum. Even the amount of votes UKIP had and the brexit divide!
So it’s going to cost me €7 for a 3-month visa waiver to visit places like this after #Brexit. Way to go, Britain.
Brilliant point very well put #Brexit #FBPE
"EU officials (ably abetted by their British allies) have produced a devilishly clever draft treaty which, if passed, would end Brexit and get Britain ready to board the express train to a United States of Europe."
What'll happen after Brexit, when an emboldened far right realise that all their perceived issues aren't magically solved? I think we know. This needs nipping in the bud asap
Shut the fuck up you posh tory twat.
Amazing the arrogance of the Brexit voters speaking for everyone because they are scared of not getting what they want.
Parliamentarians have a duty to act in the national interest not as their constituents instruct them. That is how representative democracy works. Brexit is not in the national interest.
Who knows you have it? Tell my family nothing never mind neighbours, they told me though! One has 3 freezers, cellar full of tins, the other (same as me) has wood burner enough fuel for 2-4 years , 6 water butts &amp; hoard of tins. This was before Brexit was even a thing!.
This, this.
70% of Labour voters voted leave. That is the simple answer to why he will back Brexit and not go for a 2nd ref
The current #Brexit offering is the #Catastrophe. The offer is incompatible with the outcome of the #Referendum vote and a hard-#Brexit, be it now disorderly or not, is the only acceptable outcome. #UK #Parliament #WTO #Conservatives #EU #Eurozone #ECB
Tired of Brexit and Tuesday is still coming
Lies, Damn Lies, and Brexit
Totally agree here, it’s a wonder though how so many of the tweets in response found Corbyn impressive today. He was utterly useless; his facts were muddled, he evaded or lied on Brexit, and then got snappy. Can the Corbynites ever bring them to be even moderately critical?
I did add a few tins of fava beans to my Brexit stockpile yesterday, as it happens.
The Tories: we're in it for ourselves
Jeremy Corbyn signals Labour will trigger vote of no confidence this week if Government's Brexit deal defeated
Embracing Brexit would be a historic mistake for the left argues Tom Kibasi
Brexit deal keeps UK tied to EU rules that helped Jaguar Land Rover move to Slovakia via
Poll: Are you worried about a no-deal Brexit? (via ) #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
I want to know what Garth Crooks has to say about #Brexit! Come on!
Oh Geez, now Trump will ask Italians in America to apply for proper paperwork even thought their ancestors immigrated to America decades ago...yup, he's that stupid.. The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
And what if the second vote is also For Brexit ? Do we have a third ? Would all remoaners suddenly accept it. I don’t think so.
" A man called Colin Wanker is distraught today having being told his name is an anagram of Neil Warnock. #Brexit #ThePeoplesPlaylist #cfc #ManUtd #CRYWAT #saintsfc #LUFC #MOTD #MOTD2 #EPL #TheVoice #swfc #Marr #Breaking #bbcpapers #Hypocrisy
Dan, you're missing the point. The idea is that we must preserve our effective legislature regardless of our desired brexit outcome.
This from the Party that slept with the Tories &amp; supported austerity enabling Brexit.
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan
Yes-simple as that. In addition, her deal is only a transitional deal-it isn’t a final Brexit. So for some who voted to leave, her deal won’t be considered Brexit at all (except in name). Her deal also has the CU backstop trap-if we don’t sort things out during transition period
. you don't speak for British business, whose 'clear message' is 'not' that they want the #WithdrawalAgreement :British business (and, according to polls, people) is overwhelmingly in favour of Britains 3rd option: Remaining in the EU #Marr
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
Nobody wants a Corbyn Govt. the public actually just want to leave on no deal. Why can’t parliament do that?
Hear how he croaked when asked if he would deliver brexit. Andrew keeps saying leave hahha it's the first time I've agreed way Marr. Spit it out #JeremyCorbyn your going to campaign for LEAVE at all costs he's of his trolly lol
What a complete embarrassment. To think he’d have actually prepared for this. Maybe.
We seem to have got to the point with #Brexit that any doom laden prediction , most of which fly in the face of even what the EU is saying about their preparations for a managed No Deal, becomes the unchallenged truth by the likes of and others like
Love Warnock but his views on brexit are laughable
Sadiq there is Revoke Art 50 why is it that this Option continues to be missed out, Peoples Vote may well take too long. Easiest is for MPs to do what they know is Right, Vote down all forms of Brexit to save the people from disaster and then Vote to Revoke Art 50 Sovereign
I take every petty little insult the snowflakes throw at me as a badge of honor .........Them insulting me means they have nothing, no facts/evidence nothing but the usual easily debunked crap they've been shouting since before the election and because I'm a brit, Brexit happened
That means literally nothing. Shut up.
Well it should have delivered what the people voted. leaving the EU but the leadership has let the country down.
The UK is in code "FUBAR". The current government couldn't organise a piss up in a brewery. The opposition are no better, Corbyn would leave the EU and join Hamas. The whole country is sick to the back teeth of #Brexit whether a leader or remainer.
Putin, Trump &amp; his mate Murdoch all support Brexit which will weaken UK&amp; EU
There are 1798 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 1798 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
What's on TV and radio this week? Let critics be your guides We've got Victoria Segal on Brexit - the TV drama Gillian Reynolds on Brexit - the radio phone-in and on (nothing Brexity)
Time until BREXIT is 75 days, 09 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Theresa May says failure to deliver her version of Brexit would be a ‘catastrophic breach of trust’
Not a Constitutional Crisis - as usual, a Tory Party Crisis. Surely if the action of the chair finds favour with a majority of MPs, as evidenced by the result of the subsequent vote, Parliament has validated his action.
The urgent case for constitutional reform: "We are witnessing these parliamentary explosions about procedural issues &amp; sequencing questions because MPs lack the tools to properly take control of Brexit decision-making" #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #RevokeA50
No-deal Brexit only way to get back control of borders, insists Iain Duncan Smith
Brexit is 1810 hours away. #brexit
People who help concoct and spread the lies that undermined our democracy in the first instance, and still fan those flames of fear and ignorance, complain that 'your' democracy is now being undermined. We see them Rachael, it's just some prefer to look the other way. #Brexit
The negotiators will be unaffected by a thunderous brexit, but working people will be! Let them know you want an eager brexit!
U.K. Labour leader agrees no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
I'm in, see you there #StopBrexit
Agreed but let’s not forget Putin. The Foundations of Geopolitics is the Russian military handbook and is the blueprint for Putin’s foreign policy. For Brexit scroll down to Content then United Kingdom.
So on his show takes every opportunity to describe MPs, working across party lines, to save the country from a No Deal #Brexit, as a "plot". One Remainer on Marr today: #BBCBias #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll
Here is the Reversers' Manifesto: 'The UK has the right to stop the Article 50 process, and the route to a Final Say is clearer than ever'
Watched Sunday Politics. Brexit discussion. Paul Scully, Tory MP represents a London constituency that voted heavily to remain. Scully said that more Londoners voted to leave the EU than voted for Sadiq Khan to become Mayor of London. I'm completely baffled. Is he bonkers or me
Och, its just Richard Leonard #OchItsJustRichardLeonard
What do you make of John Major calling for Article 50 to be revoked to avoid a no-deal Brexit?
The demonstration, called by the People’s Assembly Against Austerity, came ahead of the likely defeat in parliament of Theresa May’s Brexit deal on Tuesday.
shameful attempt to conflate JLR job cuts to Brexit. I know you work for the BBC but I had hoped you had more integrity than that. At least was quick to correct your misleading statements
Remember to like my Facebook page #labour #tory #brexit #JC4PM #FBPE #WATON #art #arts -
You're being an elitist Jeremy by claiming you know best and blocking a #PeoplesVote. If we had a Labour leader who listened to members, Brexit would be dead by Tuesday afternoon. And we could then actually fix the UK's problems with many of the solutions you have proposed.
I want Brexit, no deal, what chance do we have of that, with all these Government remainers trying to stop it ? Help please Boris !!!
Libdems still supporting Tories. What a surprise.
Interesting how gets told to stay in his lane re #brexit but Neil Warnock is now king of the gammons
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Guildford’s MP Believes Second Brexit Referendum May Be The Only Option
The UK is becoming like Trump's America. Being black is becoming a crime.
To remain competitive post-#Brexit, the UK must define a new value proposition for itself and build on its strength in academic research, argues .
If Parliament blocks #brexit it will no longer represent people. It should therefore abolish itself.
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
Now I voted out but as a Labour member willing to support Brexit party conference. motion. #GeneralElectionNow
Lets see if Warnock signs any EU players this xfer window? Or indeed gives up his job in Wales so a Welsh manager can have it...."Bloody foreigners taking others jobs Neil, eh?"
If that's the case then why on Earth did she bring that deal home? She's betrayed us She's Lied to us She is Bad for us!! She must Step Down once defeated on Tuesday &amp; must promise to never open her mouth again re Politics or Brexit Again! #DoneDeal
Coming your way if Brexit fails (Anyone who has European passport can enter Britain unhindered while Britain remains in EU)
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote +1 EuroBot #europe #politics
Final nail in any coffin is that berk agreeing with you. Example 1468- Brexit.
Ffs you’ve got to stop brexit.
If brexit does not happen, and by that I mean a "clean break" brexit, then the vote will have been ignored.
what is happening to our country. Please give up Brexit as quickly as possible
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit For
Any Brexit will be a disaster so what would you have instead?
To be fair, I don't know anyone who isn't sick to the back teeth with brexit. But that's the problem isn't ? We are always talking about people WE know.
It's not just Belgium though is it, it's Holland, Poland, Germany and Ireland, all risk a quite significant financial hit. Don't get me wrong, Brexit is a disaster and I wish it weren't happening, I'm just not sure if the EU would risk such a hit for the sake of an extension.
If the "Plan" is that the HOC try to con the UK electorate into thinking Bercow &amp; Grieve have betrayed Brexit, (both are leaving politics soon) &amp; there it absolutely nothing MPs can do about it, they're sadly mistaken! Tory &amp; Labour MPs will be held to account come next GE!
I’m laughing bc this old white couple on my train are talking about brexit n the dumb bitch keeps staring at me like I won’t fight her??????
Problem with most modern day politicians.......... personal ambition above the people they are meant to represent......... country is in a mess and needs a strong leader........ does one exist amongst any of the parties?
BBC News - Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
No because a Remain vote is jot certified. If we have a PV first and it comes back Leave we will end up with a Tory led Brexit. We need to change gov first so that even if we do vote Leave again, we can at least have a managed soft brexit under Labour.
If only the government hadn’t stripped the police of funding and wasted so much on Brexit there would be more resources to deal with the fallout.
#EU JUGGERNAUT #France and #Germany ‘plot to merge borders, economies and defence policies in latest step towards EU superstate’ #Brexit
Brexit Britain - listen to how Africa is referred to by this man. #newtimes
I don’t think that many English people fully inderstand how central the EU issue was to the ‘No’ success in the Scottish referendum. I genuinely cannot see anY scenario where Scotland stays in the UK in the event of a no deal Brexit.
And lo, Theresa did hit the doobie, and unto her did Brexit reveal itself; bounteous and good
You know he supports Brexit right?
If the deal doesnt get voted through parliament and a few rebel MPs try to take control of brexit. This would be the end of democracy in this country, Conservatives and labour will be finished as a party. We had a refendum it was voted to leave now get on with it. NOW..
UK: preparing for Brexit, the pharmacy organisations support a change of the Health legislation, to allow pharmacists to switch between branded medicines in case of a medicines supply shortage, like it is already the case in the legislation of Quebec.
Boom!
Labour's priority is a GE. Keeping the Tories in power solves nothing. Brexit is a symptom of a failed system, not the cause.
Neil Warnock supporting Brexit is the least suprising news since reports of a bear defecating in woodland.
Oh Neil
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?... Because he’s one too. Yvette Cooper is the leader we need, not Jeremy. Great article from Willian Keegan #Brexit #labour #fbpe #PeoplesVote
The priority is a general election but what then? If Labour wins will it be the oxymoronic ‘jobs-first Brexit’ or remain and reform? Failing this nothing is off the table, including campaigning for a public vote, but what position would Labour adopt? Leave or Remain? I’m unclear.
011319 SUNDAYS WITH GEORGE GRANT PLATFORMS GrenadaBroadcast Facebook YouTube Radio Genre Tune In Radio Garden THE BUZZ Scriptures, Feedback EDITORIALS GRENADA ADVOCATE Be prepared for Brexit NEW TODAY Looming...
Could this be the week we get the meaningful vote? Could this be the week #Brexit finally starts to shift? We're not holding our breath, but are ready come what may. Your team will be &amp; 7.30pm
Our #6 most read story this week: Labour risks ‘worst election result since 1930s’ if party's MPs back Brexit, major poll finds
and his five tests to measure the Scottish sporting greatness of Andy Murray are surely up there with Jeremy Corbyn's five tests on Brexit
#Brexit: Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May's deal is voted down, Corbyn signals #news
It's far from settled, and English devolution is barely-even mentioned in political circles, presumably because it would be the biggest constitutions change since 1066. and have some interesting material on English identity, Brexit and devolution.
If this was anywhere else we would be calling it corruption, not laughing. It would be written more like: The ruling party gave a £14m contract to a ferry company with no ships and no harbour. One of the directors is the brother of a major donor. There was no tender sent out.
If there is a #LosersVote about #Brexit then #YellowVestsUK will make the events in France look like Toy Town.
This week Britain faces as grave a crisis as any time in its history – our MPs have FAILED
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal - FiWEH Life -
Rubbish, it just ensures a Remain win and Brexit lost forever
Massive Visit Malaysia advertisement behind him there
Of course there's also a left accelerationist vision of Brexit: full automation of state run industry with UBI
A wealthy, far left isolationist who will easily be able to afford travel and visas post-Brexit, but is more than happy to take freedom of movement away from the rest of us.
Well Brexit is a remain neologism and remain was dishonest throughout the campaign during the vote and has redoubled its efforts ever since, so technically you are correct about the remain Brexit having dishonesty through it like a stick of rock.
More reasons to hate this absolute tosser
We can’t revoke and then threaten the EU with another exit referendum. We’d have to extend A50 for a vote. Revoke and call for Brexit inquiry is the best way forward.
Rebel? He's doing what he usually does
Every single secret of successfull negotiating has been thrown right into the bin by the Tories. Yet Labour would probably have been worse still.
Waffle,waffle and more waffle.
Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: “The EU is well known to be flexible”
Wetherspoon boss Tim Martin forced to end pub Brexit debate as he’s confronted by angry remainers
No tax is better than a little tax ! Your Russian investors won't be happy if you fail to get brexit, no more touching door handles for you ! How are Sberbank handling your dwindling influence? How is your Dublin office, (you opened to protect you after brexit) doing ?
If you thought brexit was bad put Corbyn in power !
What a pathetic bunch of cowards and fools MPs are. The only way out of the brexit shitshow is a #PeoplesVote with remaining in the EU as an option. Their lying disaster socialist leader wants brexit. How are they unable to see that he is the blockage?
What a complete tool. This is what happens when you don’t pay attention in school and get educated. Pillock
In their latest blog NDAA member have listed the 5 biggest challenges facing #dementia research in 2019 which include the #NHSLongTermPlan new policies around prevention &amp; of course the small matter of Brexit
Was that Chris Grayling on the radio this morning explaining that the fact that everyone thinks Theresa May's Brexit deal is terrible, means that in fact it's brilliant? Or was it a spoof?
With # Brexit day approaching fast - Ilaria Maselli European Senior Economist at The Conference Board frames likely scenarios in this Quick Note. Read more here.
We both live in the same country, and whatever happens to Brexit affects all of us.
City of London Corporation warns against second Brexit vote via
Brexit wasn’t about shutting out the world, in fact the compete opposite. Brexit was about opening up the UK to the world not just the EU. Dinasours like him give Brexit a bad name.
‘This government will collapse’: Paul Mason’s analysis of ‘splitting Tories’ as Brexit vote crisis looms
What will Tuesday's Brexit vote may mean for the pound? More wild rides for investors.
No. He’s clearly trying to strong arm the party into Brexit, which is not what was agreed at conference (if May loses vote &amp; can’t get GE then ALL options are on the table, including a second referendum). He made it very clear he is against a second referendum.
Just commented on : Poll: Are you worried about a no-deal Brexit? -
Posted...
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Up there with the most elite football management gammons.
We’re well on the way down the drain with Brexit. As for the dentist analogy, prevention is always better than cure.
And as far as Leave is concerned, everything only started going wrong when they didn't get the exact flavour of Brexit they wanted. Ever consider Remain have objected to Article 50 and the entire narrative that "Leave Means Leave" from the outset?
Russell to MPs: Factor Scotland’s future into your Brexit vote decision
I’d swear Survation said 49% Labour voters supported a second ref, 38% supported current Brexit plan? I know a lot of people will say they support Labour’s Brexit policy because they’re more supportive of Labour than interested in Brexit.
And most predictions were around article 50 being triggered next day. Which is even more insane than current brexit!
Everyday there’s some new shit happening in this brexit deal but it’s never good news
So the Brexit headbangers have given us all this shit. Rationing? If that shit comes to pass there’ll be disorder from the majority! This is how how civil wars start! What a feckin mess Gove, Banks, Farage,Johnson etc have brought this country to.
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
My father a Cork man was delighted to see peace agreement forward 2 Cameron he shouldn’t have given a ref,ill informed,no fault of Brexit voters just idiots who govern,I do think however that E.U. loving Blair had his own agenda with this agreement too!
Oh Colin
Theresa May says #Brexit failure would endanger trust in democracy Let me say this: 1/Brexit is a failure endangering democracy 2/Democracy doesn't mean that one vote cement a decision for all ages 3/Brexit vote based on lies and Russian meddling does strengthen democratic trust?
Even Mordor was less toxic than Brexit Britain, this nation beyond parody | Marina Hyde | Opinion | The Guardian
"Businesses need to make sure that they are well-prepared for a different #commercial landscape.” Find out how advanced #manufacturing #businesses are taking practical action to prepare for #Brexit in our latest article: #HCRBrexit
You’ve got a government wasting £6 billion on no deal planning, £56 billion on HS2, £125 million on a Brexit festival, £14 million on a contract to a ferry company with no ships, and there you are imagining the money a labour government will spend. Open your eyes !!
Agree wholeheartedly! The EU has also put new tariffs on imports from Asian countries such as Cambodia, and Vietnam, for example, in order to give EU producers an advantage. #SICK #EU We voted #OUT #Brexit
Corbyn has confirmed 1. He’ll campaign FOR #Brexit in a GE 2. He’ll deliver #Brexit if he wins (he won’t) 3. No circumstances in which he’d push for a #PeoplesVote Corbyn &amp; are ignoring members &amp; voters to pursue their personal outdated ideology That’ll harm poor
Will never understand how there's 17 million people out there who think that following muppets like this fella is a good idea
Wine protectionism and brexit: how worried should #wine lovers be? By and #trade #protectionism
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote
if everything that goes wrong "now" is the result of brexit then everything thats gone wrong in the last 40 years is the result of the ec/eu , weve lost all our industry and sold everything off , we were lied to when we joined and weve been lied to ever since !
4 on a woman begging them to stop. Low lives cunts. How can one have respect for them or what they represent. Shame. Hope their karma gets back to them a thousand times fold. smib #BBCnew #yellowvests #gelbewesten #theguardian #thesun #DailyMail #diewelt #brexit
People like this, however misguided have been empowered by Brexit .
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit #Sport
It does, it overshadows everything, does Brexit. It's like the country has been left alone, all the important issues being overlooked while Brexit rolls on. How was this going to solve the problems in the country? It's just made more and leaves current problems unaddressed.
That’s a bit sweeping That Corbyn would vote against anything with the backstop it doesn’t thus follow that all Labour MPs would follow him there. (I’m not advocating for a soft Brexit but I don’t think you can preclude a version just because the Labour leadership precludes it.)
Opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
Why do these people always look like gammons? There has to be something physiological about voting Leave.....
The government has acted against the law. Can nobody bring them to account?
Go to school Jeremy
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay utterly unable to explain Plan B in baffling TV interview #marr
#Brexit Anyone who believes the European union can be reformed really don't know those in control of it and their purpose for the continent. It cannot and will never be reformed
these old sites are a fund of info ,it tells you how long the plans being going on in this case it was pre eu all planned and almost got away with it ,then we buggered them with brexit .
The more a general election is called for before the Brexit vote, the more likely the Tories will think about saving themselves and vote for the deal. Is this the real plan by JC to get Brexit through while trying to look against it?
At #5 it is: Labour's Emily Thornberry criticises second referendum campaigners for ‘slapping’ Jeremy Corbyn instead of fighting Brexit
I guess he knows the difference. Having little to say about Brexit, he wants defend ECHR &amp; HRA as a dividing line about different approaches to/after Brexit.
What...more? Where has she been?
Join us from 4pm on Tuesday for Brexit: Decision Day Live. We will be rallying in Parliament Square for a #PeoplesVote. Make your voice heard:
Both sides of the Brexit debate are concentrating on how bad the other sides position is and how bad the people are who support it. Poor show all round.
Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Leaving EU on WTO Terms
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK : January 13, 2019 at 01:52AM via mikejulietbravo
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Post Brexit apparel exports : Apparel sector calls on Govt. to expedite trade talks with UK
UNBELIEVABLE re-writing of history! It was the EU's inflexibility when PM Cameron tried to persuade them to reform which gave the Leave result the edge. That's continued which is why everyone realises the Quislings Charter Deal is useless for the UK.
This is why Clyney no signey
This government are genuinely the worst I've ever seen. The absolute state of this. We're absolutely fucked, aren't we?
Is this one of those funny troll accounts that writes funny shit just to illicit a response?
Maybe just not bright enough to formulate a serious #Brexit policy? #Marr
Why the f**k doesn't this waste of space shut up and stick to what he knows best - pea pushing....
Goes to show #Brexit isn't as good as #Remainers at getting their message out. This video is from 28th Nov 2018 &amp; I have never seen or heard of it until now. But well said I follow Owen but never came up on my twitter. Lesson learnt. If you LIKE something RETWEET.
Speaker of the House of Anti-Brexit
[SKY] Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote
Mate it’s common sense that trade, quality of goods and agricultural funding will go into free fall after Brexit. Just admit you voted out because of immigration and leave.
On January 19th, Britain will be a Remain country, even if nobody who voted in the referendum changed their mind.
Labour are grasping at unicorns. They are highly unlikely to get a chance to negotiate a better deal, let alone get one. No Brexit can meet their 6 tests. Brexit should involve the whole electorate, not just one side, hence wanting a #PeoplesVote. Brexiteers have ignored us all.
Disaster capitalist backing disaster.
Aaaagh! Corbyn reveals deep ignorance of European Court of Human Rights. Thread from who set up whole organisation to deal with such myths.
#EU JUGGERNAUT #France and #Germany ‘plot to merge borders, economies and defence policies in latest step towards EU superstate’ #Brexit
I’m sure there are many who agree with Neil Warnock, but he would do well to remember that the U.K. needs to be a global trader post Brexit. The rest of the world is important to our future economic success.
Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous #arcamax
Remember the red white and blue Brexit? This has been a farce from the moment Cameron decided to put such a complex issue to the public.
They are for 'Brexit' and they are for 'child abuse'. The thicko who wrote that list probably voted Remain by mistake.
"I assume, since you won't answer and the majority of Labour members want to remain, that you will campaign for the hardest Brexit possible". Surely any good interviewer can squeeze until the pips squeak? He needs Remainers to vote him into power - hence false illusions.
Thatcher and Cameron got stuff done, regardless of opinion. May’s reign has been dominated by Brexit, which she’s catastrophically failing with, and then she neglects everything else because of it.
NO = It really IS a loss of sovereignty! Not as good as EU membership (as at present). Very specific circumstance - peculiar to the huge wealth of #Norway. The U.K. ‘wasted’ it’s oil wealth. #Remain = The ‘will of the people’.
Carragher can be in the new Cabinet working under PM Gary Lineker, alongside Chancellor John Barnes and Scottish Secretary Michael Stewart. Neil Warnock to lead the opposition.
Vlad is smiling. Mission almost accomplished: Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis via
A solution is remove government and opposition to create a national government, led by MPs. Their agenda. 1. Repeal Article 50, within a reformed EU. 2. 10 Years Health and Social Care Plan. 3. Social Housing rebuilding plan. 4. Ditch Universal Credit. 5. Green Energy. Thoughts?
It baffals me why anyone would listen to Neil Warnock or Garry Linker talking about Brexit. Maybe you should get your politics fix from people that know about politics, just a thought.
Thread, important one on how the current Brexit impasse is structurally similar to the one 60 years ago.
Taking ideas from the bloody Europeans, that's why we need Brexit. I call for blue vests to match the passports.
Dear you might want to check this Do you need an update too on the difference between European Union and Council of Europe? Too bad you already made an ass of yourself on live national TV
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
#Corbyn latest. A Customs Union AND a say, plus State Aid noises. Interesting. #Brexit #Remain
I'd suggest that Tory MPs do what the voters who elected them want or the Tories should give the keys to Jeremy Corbyn and then fly away to exile in to a safe country because nobody will be there to help them when the knocks on the door in the middle of the night begin
I never thought being called a saboteur would become a compliment. Now it has! And I am delighted to be called a #FilthyRemainer
It will be a breach of democracy if you issue another public vote on brexit.
Not the UK, the government. We voted in a one-off ref to Leave and Govt. promised to respect the outcome. We didn't vote for a deal. We didn't vote for negotiation. We should have left, walked away, in June 2016.
250617 “The consequences of every act are in the act itself”. Orwell. #ToryAnalytica #MSM #BrexitCoup #TickTockTroops
“Markets have already decided essentially that Brexit isn’t going to happen,” he said. “The pound should rally; it’s very oversold.”
Corbyn continues to be delusional! BBC News - Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
" A man called Colin Wanker is distraught today having being told his name is an anagram of Neil Warnock. #Brexit #ThePeoplesPlaylist #cfc #ManUtd #CRYWAT #saintsfc #LUFC #MOTD #MOTD2 #EPL #TheVoice #swfc #Marr #Breaking #bbcpapers #Hypocrisy
“Enforce Brexit”. Interesting wording. If it was so wonderful it wouldn’t need to be enforced.
He wants Brexit to happen?
So far has been most consistent in its approach on Brexit But Why should they be the best, clearest, most logical of them all? There is no real clarity at all Lots depends on hapless and SNP cannot perform miracles All WE/I want is Independence actually!
that's awful!! i've seen this sort of thing coming, and tweeted about it before, but felt i was ignored. yes, you're so right. #brexit will make the situation worse, of that i have no doubt.
As temperatures rise violence and bullying needs to be condemned unequivocally including from the corrupt and nefarious E U
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay claims Plan B for Brexit will be 'along the lines of' Plan A
Well we will............uuuummmm no idea!
The Andrew Scott Robertson Daily Newsletter is out! Stories about #Wimbledon #property #interiors &amp; #lifestyle #brexit #affordability
Sorry about the typo - should have been '#Corbyn &amp; crew haven't a clue &amp; are just squabbling for personal gain at our expense'
It will not "heal the divide." He wants Brexit. #PeoplesVote.
Completely &amp; absolutely this
Opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
Am I the only person angry about Brexit
Look at him as he shifts in his seat...... disingenuous, lying Twat!
Well anyone believing they’re not a credible alternative has never had to help those suffering under the benefits system as it is, or helped asylum seekers, or visited relatives in a state run care home. It’s not all about Brexit.
There are no real experts on this subject you arse because it’s never happened before.
Only sensible thing to do is for MPs to deliver on the EURef &amp; give us the WTO Terms Brexit we voted for. We had the EURef - Leave won We had General Election - 85% voted for pro-Brexit parties
How Brexit Changed the NWO, Malevolent Alien Agenda - Alien UFO Sightings via
Never happened before Brexit no sirreeee
Yellow Jacket arrested by the state because called him a fascist, sub-human, deceived, working class, ignorant cretin - as usual... Something like that. Can't be bothered to check her rants. Mudder Maybotten steals #Brexit &amp; for #BRINO &amp; won't do time.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
just confirmed on #marr if he wins a GE he will implement his form of #Brexit. He also refused to confirm #labour would let FoM continue. So it seems to me supporting him in a vote of no confidence would actually make #Brexit more likely &amp; rule out #PeoplesVote
“Withdrawal Agreement” is an Orwellian misnomer, of course. This agreement keeps Britain in chains. Voters may believe we need it in order to leave the EU. We do not." #Brexit
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
The only sights he'll have of Downing Street are if he takes a trip on the London Eye.
And why wants brexit - so it’s not publicised. Can I have a tax haven please? So I can not do paye and help my children pay rent so they can go to uni?
No you don’t. You’re just being disingenuous, saying Germany *might* have a recession doesn’t disprove my point that we will be worse off compared to the rest of Europe after Brexit. Try again chief
They said ‘You lot vote, you can have a slap up Chinese meal or an Indian they said, both 3 courses, all inclusive drinks, the works’. The people voted &amp; picked a Chinese. Yum. So how have we got an old dry sandwich that someone’s sat on? #brexit #referendum #emptypromises
Theresa May.. From one political delusion to another. #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit 22
The Social Democratic Party, which also supports Brexit and which gets back to you quickly when you ask who they are, unlike the Foundation Party.
Fantasy brexit. He doesn’t get it.
The people (like Nigel Farage) who pushed us to vote for Brexit claimed they were doing it for the working classes but... They. Do. Not. Give. A. S---. About. You.
This data comes from models whose input data we have not even been allowed to see. Most of the models assume a lower rate of population increase as a result of ‘No Deal’ brexit, so GDP per capita is hardly any different. Economic modelling gets next year wrong, let alone 12 years
Seriously John, f*ck off!!!
LONDON | UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
Hi, a typically thoughtful piece from John Major, &amp; he would know. I'm glad phrases like "Fantasy Brexit" &amp; "Brexit fantasies" are coming more &amp; more into conservation. Yes, fantasies sound alluring &amp; attractive, but they only work in fantasy, not for real. #FBPE #RevokeArticle50
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?... Because he’s one too. Yvette Cooper is the leader we need, not Jeremy. Great article from William Keegan #Brexit #labour #fbpe #PeoplesVote
Cameron's #Brexit referendum divided the nation, but May has driven a wedge into the gap that has caused massive damage to the UK. Starting to see a pattern? UKIP's Farage was a Tory before he decided the Conservative party wasn't right wing enough for him. The pattern is there.
Petition: Stop Brexit if supplies of vital medication can't be guaranteed. Who will be legally responsible if even 1 person suffers? #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote - let's get this over 100k too! Time to stop being a prick and sign it!
It’s a fucking disgrace that the leader of - a professional 40 year career politician - cannot correctly identify EU institutions.
Actual Brexit policy now
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?
Be careful here James, polls are notoriously wrong, you and yours have pissed up the leg of your voters, we will desert you in droves if you cheat us out of the Brexit we were promised. I and many others keep a pair of scissors ready in the draw with our membership cards.
Actual Brexit policy now
I certainly can
Signed! Sign this one a retweet!!!
Absolute gammon face him
Please RT: "The Gov's deal would cause huge damage to the future of our country, putting jobs, prosperity and social mobility at grave risk." READ: in todays on why we need a #PeoplesVote.
'More efficient than clockwork'? How #Calais is gearing up for a #nodeal #Brexit via
UK News - Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Of course he means their opinion on brexit. People have just read the headline from a shite twitter account and made up their own story
Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous
This is what’s wrong with Brexit. Idiot who has just signed foreigners to help his team and works for a club owned by foreigners.
#FBPE what do you think of the Labour Party and Jeremy Corbyn? I'm frustrated that Labour don't provide opposition to #Brexit when their party members are clearly remain. I would far rather have Labour in power than the Tories. Corbyn is a good man but he's wrong on Brexit
The problem with having a GE its who to vote for, because none of the existing parties are doing what they promised in there manifestos. I can see Labour getting a battering here in the north west they have capitulated on brexit.
brilliant this
No-deal Brexit only way to get back control of borders, insists Iain Duncan Smith
Reuters: Opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
A national disgrace.
Brexit has never been about what’s ‘better’ for the UK, Mr Rees-Mogg, and by raising the question of what is ‘better’ you’re simply playing into the Remoaners’ hands. Please stop your Remoaner-facilitating whataboutery.
my guess Labour will offer a commitment to renegotiate a brexit Deal and then offer a referendumn on it.
One fleeting reference to climate change in this piece (having an impact on migration) that completely ignores the fact that unless we fundamentally struggle against capitalism (&amp; radically change it within 12 years) we won’t actually have a future to build any politics in.
Wise man and wise words.
Indeed. Opinion polls should be showing Labour folk why “hedging your bets” isn’t working but even today I’ve seen folk absolutely convinced he’s still pulling off a strategic masterstroke. Do they say the same in private, I wonder
BRITAIN STILL DIVIDED BUT MAJORITY of #British people still want to see their #democratic vote for #BREXIT to be DELIVERED Deal - or #NoDeal ESTABLISHMENT traitors will not be allowed to thwart #British democracy - and ANGER is RISING #StandUp4Brexit STAND UP FOR #FREEDOM
They’re trying to distract from the much, MUCH worse things happening in government, but racism and homophobia on their pages doesn’t bat an eyelid any more. They’ve found an amazing distraction to occupy the same kind of idiots who voted for Brexit.
Is England courting a yellow vest situation? Probably
First off nowhere near 17.4 million really care. I know of at least one Brexit voter who's other half is French dude. She doesn't regret the vote, she's just apathetic and doesn't care. Secondly, a great many of those who do care have changed their minds. -&gt;
You won't win, that is the problem here, you blew your chance by backing Brexit on your terms.
Brexit carries within its DNA - a faulty &amp; entropic gene. Brexit would be isolationist, separatist &amp; autarkic. These are the seeds of fascism. Brexit would also create an exploitative low-wage, low rights, trinket economy, controlled by an economic autocracy.
I just haven’t got a clue what to do!! Frustrate Brexit with a GE or PV? Come out as pro Remain and lose leave members and voters? Perhaps that’s best as there is no happy ending to the Brexit story and at least the Lib Dem’s won’t gain ground
Brexit is akin to Liverpool deciding they want to leave the Premier League. They are telling their fans "we'll win everything in our league of 1", "we'll play teams on fifa friendly terms, sure we already do every off season", "they need us more than we need them" #madness
Our #4 most read story this week is: Theresa May suffers second humiliating defeat in 24 hours as MPs demand swift response if Brexit deal rejected
BREAKING NEWS: Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Haha total opposite conclusion here, out of touch , on the wrong side of Brexit and unelectable , won’t have my vote until he’s gone
But some think it some sort of well-meaning benevolent organisation - a bit like the WI?
Count me in! #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow #actforchange
If you’re a Taxi driver in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in the South West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Having failed by all other methods we are now being told "Back my deal..or else!" That's not democracy. #Democracy is ppl deciding now we know the deal &amp; what our future will likely be outside of the EU. This should been the time for us to vote, not when we had zero info #Brexit
LONDON | UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
True and although London Remain all in same boat and now work together to stop Brexit period and stay in EU where have better chance to fix stuff by being there.
Spectator is owned by two of the richest UK businessmen who both choose to live outside of the UK tax regime, would not be at all affected by Brexit like the rest of us, but who would be adversely affected by the introduction of EU tax avoidance legislation in April.
The vote (15 January 2019) on #TheresaMay's Brexit deal: Your ultimate guide. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
The deal was finalized by May and EU leadership. EU has said no more negotiations, this is it. Parliament has two choices: BREXIT with current deal, or, no Brexit. Parliament can’t pursue a Brexit and ignore/refuse the deal (rules of engagement, policies, etc.).
If only... | Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
Watching #andrewmarr, I haven't heard a single coherent statement from any of the political (so-called) leaders in this country! #Brexit #Corbyn #Tories
At least the are clear we want a #finalsayforall with the option to #Remain. Revoking Article 50 now would restore biz confidence &amp; restore prosperity
Oh my God this is the man people seem to think will deliver us from all sin and provide a perfect Brexit ;(((
- he'd have struggled to get a good grade at AS Politics with this lack of knowledge.
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
"May says voting against Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in democracy"
“Elected Chamber to take Over Brexit Process From Failing Executive” isn’t quite as good a headline.
I find my words on Grayling as relevant as ever, “As for Chris Grayling, he is likely one of the most incompetent politicians to have braced public office, in any other age, he would have been long gone, imbécile, comes to mind.”
Remain's found its slogan.
May’s deal voted down May resigns Boris PM &amp; secures no deal brexit General election Tories win with landslide, Tory future secured
I get that. My point was no one can claim to be a "Brexit expert". Only future historians could claim that.
lllll Jeremy Corbyn has set his sights on taking over Brexit negotiations, confirming he will call a no confidence vote to trigger a general election "soon" if Theresa May's current deal is rejected in parliament.
And more to follow post-brexit.
If Brexit isn’t implemented the way we voted there will be more than yellow vests on the streets, what is happening in France will be here in the UK
Also regardless of a PV result turning up Leave or Remain, it would keep the Tories in office until 2022 because the only leverage we have to force an early GE is the fact many Tories don't want a No Deal Brexit. If they stay in till 2022 the damage will be irreparable.
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote Jeremy Corbyn has set his
So, according to you, everyone who is in favour of Brexit is akin to a member of the KKK?
Japan/whales NOT now. You REALLY must persuade ALL MPs to vote for May's Brexit,surely by now, even you idiots MUST realise GRieve&amp;Co are going to STOP Brexit/No deal. As much as we hate her deal, it's our ONLY HOPE OF BREXIT. SOD your egos now #Brexit
The man's an idiot!
“Parliament could frustrate Brexit” they’re as fed up as the general public with this circus
This is what we have to look forward to.
‘To hell with the rest of the world’ Pea brained little inglunder mentality. So thick.
New post (LONDON | UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic) has been published on FeedPublish -
So footballers are more important than electricians in society?haha if Brexit is worst case the Premier league will be hit hard
Ha ha ha. You know the tories/DUP have a majority… why would they vote for a peoplesvote with options that are Tory/DUP unfriendly? And what is the point of a peoplesvote with May vs no Brexit as the only options?
At #3: Theresa May faces fresh Commons ambush as Brexit deal debate resumes
As one who does not support Mr. Corbyn’s view on Brexit but believes you are entitled to your point of view, would you mind clarifying who are you referring to in the term so-called “centrists”. Mr. Jones?
BBC News - Newspaper headlines: Brexit 'coup', and talk of Tory split
As compensation for tweeting about Brexit (#BOBPTD), here's a good vintage Tube poster I saw yesterday.
Thanks but your opinion isn't shared by most Brits - who are hoplessly divided on the sort of Brexit they want (#NoDealBrexit #WithdrawalAgreement #Norway #switzerland #customsunion #FTA etc). UK deserves more time to work this out, we shouldn't be rushed.
To remain competitive post-#Brexit, the UK must define a new value proposition for itself and build on its strength in academic research, argues MichaelEPorter.
"As UK politics reaches crisis point, Alex asks Lisa Cameron (SNP) and Jim Shannon (DUP), 'What next for Brexit?' Plus, Chris McEleny, who says he was discriminated against by the Ministry of Defence because of his philosophical belief in independence."
There we go, there's the outburst when he doesn't like the question being asked
My point is that Warnock is being ignorant about the outcome of Brexit. It’s mostly all about the English and their bigoted view of immigration. It’s not too late for Scotland to get the finger out but it’s getting close
Once again for the people at the back: *Any* form of Brexit means that the Tory govt (but probably not May personally) survives &amp; can probably hang on till the '22 GE. Why are you so keen on giving them 3 more years (&amp; a desperate need to do trade deals) to destroy our NHS?
#Brexit making crashing bores out of otherwise humorous twitter users since the 23rd June 2016.
There was two in a few hours keys and warnock saying fuck the world to a Brexit question in front of an Malaysia poster and his club is foreign owned. Not long for sack the Orc lookalike. Footballers/managers/presenters become as stupid as the politicians.
... and therefore Labour will vote against the deal and call for General Elections that will inevitably lead to a hard Brexit??? Logic was exited already the hard way, it seems.
Sadly the majority of the party voted for this total waste of space who insists on parading as a ‘leader’ but who couldn’t lead his own shadow. He needs to get back on the fence. At least then we didn’t have to listening to him expressing his ignorance of the EU. Shameful!
No!?! Really? Who would have thought that?!?
With Morgan you are always sure he has foot in mouth disease. As to man up, this is the snowflake who blew a gasket because Greggs have a vegan sausage. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
With Morgan you are always sure he has foot in mouth disease. As to man up, this is the snowflake who blew a gasket because Greggs have a vegan sausage. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
The latest Today's Political News! Thanks to #brexit #uk
Full transcript of Steve Barclay's utterly baffling #marr interview is in this story -
Another clueless leftie who has not got a clue trying to be clever. #BBC #Trump #MAGA #NigelFarage #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK #Marr #TommyRobinson #Ridge #EVEBOU #GiletsJaunes #Soros #Reuters
Report of a poll on attitudes to #Brexit for is to be found at
This sums up many of my own thoughts on Lexit, particularly our removal of protections against vulture capitalism. Don’t agree with the pop at the FBPE crowd but the rest is important reading.
There is no money for Social Services under RedKipper Brexit. Period. Corbyns Brexit plans break labours red lines. Corbyns brexit plans have already been rejected by the EU. Maybe just ONE of your followers can provide ONE pro RedBrexit NHS advocacy group? (There are none)
Just like the Brexit one. Voters were lied to and were promised stuff that was never delivered. And that didn't even include unicorns on a bus! We'll not be making that mistake again.
BBC News - The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
I hope I'm not treating an MP for an acid attack if Brexit doesn't get delivered
A delay in BREXIT Article 50 may be on its way (Video)
Embracing Brexit would be a historic mistake for the left from
Yes I have read it - I’m actually working today. I get your point but I still think what the speaker did was wrong. I don’t see how politics gets better by MPs blocking brexit; especially as they don’t have a plan other than telling the electorate too piss off, we know best.
‘Clean, Sovereign Brexit’ a ‘Win-Win’ for British Science, Say Leading Academics via
Yes. Use of Royal Prerogative, lawful but anti-democratic. Henry 8th powers, ditto. As soon as MPs, who are *not* delegates, try to work constitutionally as permitted by the Speaker, hows of outrage from the rabid Tories. The whole system needs radical change to democracy.
Good luck with the Tory hard Brexit!
So, the two main party leaders want #Brexit and are pushing ahead with it, but a majority of people in the country now want to remain in the EU. And this is democracy? #PeoplesVote
My dad in his mid-80s took exception to characterisation of his generation as pro-Brexit when he fervently wished to remain &amp; joined a political party for the 1st time ever because they too wanted an #ExitFromBrexit &amp; to keep Britain in the EU.
Thread. Should the leader of the opposition really be getting schooled on the EU Court of Human Rights as hes calling for a GE? I find this troubling.
The intention has always been to save the NHS by privatising it. Which is why vast sums of dark money from the US has been pumped into Brexit propaganda.
Our #2 most read story is: Ministers discuss prospect of the break-up of the UK in the event of a no-deal Brexit
Sack Sarri and bring him in
The majority of Labour members want a GE. This option got a higher poll than a PV. Why are you ignoring this Vince?
How do you know what everybody in Scotland wants? Will of the people.... england speak for brexit. So, are you just an english saddo or are you one of those treacherous, spineless and brainless little englanders in Scottish clothing?
Spot on Shady its only the millennials that have been brainwashed to believe no life outside the eu dictatorship that are brainwashed by this cult.We know what a great country we are and how we will develop as a great trading nation outside the eu.The eu are shit scared by Brexit
His euroscepticism is so entrenched that he seems to have lost touch with reality. How can he imagine that after 2 wasted years the 27 are going to enter into a renegotiation on the basis of Labour’s stated aims?
Absolute state of this. Monstrous.
Alternative to a no deal Brexit is Corbyn. Bring on the crash exit
To be fair we are entering into uncharted waters. The media are going to have a ball just like the swung brexit, trump and Casey votes across the world with angst from many and and scare mongerree as a vehicle by more savvy PR.
May warns of catastrophe if MPs don't back Brexit deal British Prime Minister Theresa May has warned lawmakers that failure to back her plan to leave the European Union would be catastrophic for Britain, in a plea for support two days ahead of a vote in …
Give me my BreXiT or Die. Breaking borders: (EU membership) is for women secretly wishing to be stalked by Violent Islamists and Germans who wish to perpetuate their parents/grandparents traditions. Give me my BreXiT, or the Rastas will burn your Cosmopolitan Gulag to the ground.
At this point in the ongoing #Brexit farce I want to see the queen break with tradition and go on live TV to publicly trash the idiots of both major parties, call them out for failing this nation
Jeremy Corbyn is trying to capitalise on a national crisis. He is only interested in a general election at any cost. He has no plan after that for Brexit. We need a solution to this mess and he offers nothing.
Disgraceful
My point is that Warnock is being ignorant about the outcome of Brexit. It’s mostly all about the English and their bigoted view of immigration. It’s not too late for Scotland to get the finger out but it’s getting close
Interesting read, worth 5 minutes of anybody's time. I’m a remainer. So why do I feel more and more sympathy for leave voters? | Joseph Harker
Did you actually read it? That's an article from 2013, describing what might have happened if you hadn't voted for Brexit. So who's the dickhead now?
feeling better?
They'll get annihilated if they betray Brexit. Otherwise perfectly viable
At least he does want to drive us off a brexit cliff like jezzer
You do know brexit doesn’t mean all foreign people are deported right?
This is what’s wrong with the UK. Idiot who has just signed foreigners to help his cause and works for a club owned by foreigners
I don’t see why they would be excluded from a decision that messes up their lives #notaxationwithoutrepresentation Presumably you would not have objected to all voting? Would have reversed result, too. Same for 16-17yo who will pay for the mess(if Brexit happens)
The EU Withdrawal Bill was passed, has received Royal assent &amp; is an Act of Parliament. We've seen the glacial pace Parliament works to, it would be highly unlikely a legislative change could occur before the UK leaves the EU on 29 March. #Brexit is happening, come what may.
Why is MANN still a labour MP he clearly intends to vote MAYS policy on Brexit ,
It would be but how can you trust the seemingly perpetual lying mouth of the worst PM in the history of Britain, what scheme has she up her jumper now.
A general election doesn't discriminate against you whether you voted Remain or Leave. But Jeremy will go on pushing for Brexit, which the party, Labour voters and young people don't want. Jeremy will go on brushing the treason and the crimes against democracy under the carpet.
Really don't want Brexit,nor do I want a future right wing government led by Boris or similar (and emboldened right wing thugs) equally don't want a very left wing Corbyn/JMD future government (with SWP/STW/anti Semitism) Moderate Labour please For the many
How much detailed thought do you suppose actually gave to the possible consequences of his disastrous referendum? The UK is bitterly divided, fractious - and the laughing-stock of the world #Brexit #peoplesvote
'Clean Brexit' a 'Win-Win' for British Science, Say Leading Academics
If Brits do not withdraw from #Brexit, it will have consequences for the entire Europe. For Brits themselves Northern Irish problems will revive, Scotts will return to the drawing tables, Spain will dispute Gibraltar's infrastructure etc. Trouble for decades.
Can't disagree too much with this, although I do think they want a general election because they want power. The problem is, they'll be at each other's throats from Day 1, because most of the MPs have one ideology and the leadership and grassroots another! #Brexit
Could you ask the Lib Dem’s about tuition fees whilst you’re at it. Oh, and also about propping up the prime minister who caused brexit in the first place, cheers.
How has he tried to "Strong arm the party into Brexit"?
CLUELESS CORBYN: Marr MOCKS Labour leader’s ‘trade plan’ requiring EU to tear up own rules
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B Ah well, if Grayling says there is no "void" ......... ...then we are in deeper trouble than we could imagine...
Do you agree with Theresa May that not delivering Brexit will be a breach of trust in our democracy? Nigel Farage is live.
When poll after poll puts you trailing behind the worst government in living memory, &amp; millions of us #Remainers fail to lend you our #vote again, how is ready? What's the point in pro-Remainers in #Labour &amp; the #UK swapping 1 #Brexit party for another? #Cormay #Maybyn
Both main parties (I believe Corbyn reconfirmed today) would run on pro Brexit manifestos so I don’t think that suggestion helps one jot.
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
I don’t usually agree with Tories and especially Theresa May, but this is true.
Canada's gov't stands with people, defying powerful Saudi Arabia. The UK's Parliament struggles to stand with people, defying the powerful forces behind Brexit. Much of our gov't is shut down causing increasing suffering. Trump may be Russia's agent. Why doesn't the GOP care?
The best way forward.
Of course he is. Post Brexit is going to be one big fucking holiday.
How is brexit saying to hell with the rest of the world? In one way (not the current deal) we would be opening up to the rest of world and not just Europe. I think the racists who voted brexit would be hoping that we say bye to the world but they are just idiots.
It has taken quite a while with many shenanigans to expose the obvious: Brexit has been a lame duck since day one with not the slightest hope of actual incorporation.
#Corbyn is backing #Brexit. You need to recognize that if you want a #PeoplesVote you won’t get one backing - he’s no opposition tothe
Relegate Cardiff now please.
Or we could call the whole thing off. Your pathetic racist fantasy of a new empire is dying. We, the Europeans, are the future. You are the ghost of bad idea. Brexit is dying. Like your career.
MI6 Boss and Army Field Marshal: May’s Brexit Deal ‘Places National Security in Foreign Hands’ via
John Bercow You are the main man.
Why do you fill your fanatics heads with utter crap, just like there will never be independence for scotland, there will never be a reversing of brexit. Thank god most of your fanatics are gullible ae
GIVEAWAY TIME! Check out the giveaway link here: End of days for Theresa May? Countdown to Brexit vote #cute #babygirl #christian #wrexham #daughter #cosplay #geboortekaart #omega3 #babyteething #puppy #mum
See Janet Daley Sunday Telegraph.She is quite right some of us thought Mays delay was a plot to defeat Brexit she was and always will b a Remainer.She seems determined with others to destroy the Tory Party.
The tories don't even have a plan A ! #generalelectionnow #NoPVYesGE #jc4pm2019
The filled their pages with absolute, disgusting racism until their readers voted for Brexit. Now Brexit has turned out to be a con that will leave voters much worse off, the media who caused it are desperately trying to detract from it. Journalists here really are scum.
Corbyn should know this in the first place but to say this so late in the game is unforgivable.
If you tolerate this then your child and hens will be next
We know clearly what his policy is, to stay in the customs union and single market he’s said it thousand times. In other words stay in the EU how clear does his stance have to be other than saying directly No Brexit we’re betraying the vote
Well done Vince, once again the only leader to not be trying to score political points and speaking sense about Brexit. #govince
talked EU down ALL his career,&amp;Had the chance to materialize his dream BUT QUIT!That shows;Brexit State;empty old dream&amp;The worse part;He's the type of guy2proud2admit his wrongs,&amp;does well his StiffUpperLip to hide stupidity.Can't wait4his man in the mirror moment!
Will MPs learn that the next speaker must have a history of respect for the role of both parliament and speaker and not have a rather ‘eccentric’ history?
In fairness Britain could use Warnocks hooter as the barrier for the hard border in northern Ireland
Let’s hope the country does not run out of supplies of hair dye and wigs post-Brexit.
New post: So how will Brexit affect you?
Yet another example that on Europe Corbyn simply doesn't know what he's talking about. Maybe he's bored with the whole subject, but as someone who professes he wants to be PM of this country, it just isn't good enough.
I disagree that they're as deeply split , and you are presuming Brexit is the priority for everyone. It really isn't, about time so called journalists realised this.
Appalling, we bring people over when we have need, allow them to build a life here then treat them like this?? Shame on us. Is this the mandate may and co think they have? #notmygovernment #notobrexit #brexshit
In the words of Jeremy Clarkson - What a ‘coffin dodging’ #Brexiter - It’s surely about time that #Cardiff fired him?!
I don’t even know what that means. Brexit elites made impossible, contradictory and undeliverable promises it was always impossible to honour and implement the result! The con is Brexit elites only focused on leaving and didn’t tell you what the destination would be!
The Tory riders of the apocalypse may soon be complete #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #DUP #sinnfein #moggmentum #momentum #bbcparliament #Brexit
Thicko
Not long now, not long, tick, tock! #Brexit #BrexitVote
Lesley Laird. What a nightmare.Cliche ridden gobbledygook in answer to Brewer's questions #brexit #bbcsps
Not far off it. The truth is that neither Brexit nor the backstop breaches it, but the ongoing failure of DUP and the Provos to form a government does.
I agree with John Major!
The things you list are actually all part of Project Fear in a vein attempt to persuaded MP's to vote for TM's so called deal. It's not a deal, it's a Treaty that shackles the UK to the United States of Europe. For that reason alone we must go.
Ex-MI6 Boss and Defence Chief: May's Brexit Deal Hurts National Security
There will still be immigration-but more managed and controlled. In general I think Brexit will be good for the farmers and food industry in UK.
‘Abuse of Anna Soubry is proof of rising fascist propaganda’
As regards Brexit: Hope your opinion isn’t merely based on “others seem to do just fine” (which European countries btw.?) hope UK recovers in the long run; short term (~10-15y.) will be devastating. Cheers mate.
Thicko
You’re fired, Deb, for treating a major Organizational Behaviour problem as little more than a petty Sales challenge. But we can agree Brexit’ll really hurt the grooming-gang, moped replacement, personal hygiene, people-smuggling and media arse-kissing industries, for starters..
Big business create #projectfear Press promote #projectfear Wealthy support #projectfear No one wants Mays Deal No one wants Corbyn as prime minister No one wantsLabour Government 17.4 million want #Brexit The people spoke act or face the consequences
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
CRISIS.....IS REAL #climatechange
These people came here before we joined the EEC (EU) therefore should not be governed by the results of brexit. Just like the Windrush generation they should not be told to leave this country.
I have no doubt that will come when it is confirmed the full extent of the betrayal of the 17.4 million people, for who's Brexit is being renaged upon.
PrimeXM Names New CEO, FCA Issues Brexit Plan: Best of the Week
Gammon in Gammon alert.
Really they were all elected in the promise to deliver Brexit? Anyone who elects a politician on basis of a manifesto is to be blunt either stupid or gullible. The election was to deliver a Brexit that would not make country worse and boy no party is doing that.
I actually think there's more chance of moderate/anti Brexit tories voting with Corbyn and thats who he has to court. But neither scenario is particularly realistic with Corbyns current Brexit stance. Really hoping there's better convoys going on in background
Aye your wilfully ignorant, your an I'm alright Jack wait till Brexit affects you or the UK gov come for you nxt ffs the UN are disgusted by the treatment of the disabled, sick &amp; poor but it's ok with the likes of you. Here karma is a bitch &amp; it will always catch up with you.
So why didn't he vote? He's as clueless as any other when it comes to Brexit. Celebrity endorsement's no reason to agree with something, anyway.
Javid's post-Brexit immigration plan branded 'suicide note' for Tories
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
Keith, you’re assuming he’ll call the VoNC. He won’t. He’s running down the clock just the same as May. After all, May and Corbyn are in lockstep over Brexit. Both are terrified a final say referendum will scupper their ideological wet dream.
#NigelFarage Has Three Reasons Why #TheresaMay Is Right On Delivering Brexit
GBP/USD Forecast Jan. 14-18 – Investors nervously await historic Brexit vote
MPs are not delegates. Never have been. Over the past few decades we’ve got used to party robots. #Brexit has reversed this and empowered Parliament. Just not the way the envisioned by the Leave campaign. How ironic!
Brexit: Government of the Tories, for the Tories, by the Tories. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #indyref2
Europeans will still be allowed in the country after brexit. Can you not handle the fact that he has a different opinion to You?
A "deal" by its very definition is multiple choiced, the deal one gets depends on a range of factors. The tories couldn't organise a lorry jam nevermind a Brexit deal, they alienated our partners with a schizophrenic approach, the deal May was given is worse than no deal at all.
$1 trillion leaves British shores ahead of Brexit D-day via
BBC News - Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
Neil Warnock leaving the press conference after sharing his views on Brexit
Putting politicians to Shame with an articulate analysis of the shit we are currently in!
Said this in reply to [locked] a few days ago, but...IMO there's a non-zero chance that Corbyn will flip at the last minute and support May's deal, if he thinks the alternative means giving up the Brexit dream (nightmare?).
I cannot believe that well educated people can seriously suggest a 2nd ref. Have they thought through the implications?
Parliament should find a replacement for May after her Brexit is voted down and she resigns. Don't let Tories cook up another fake PM.
I’m so confused, so are MPs meant to side with their voters on the referendum or not? If they are, on that logic Mogg should be supporting remain? Also, where in the manifesto does it say the Tories would deliver Brexit if elected? They offered an (advisory) referendum and...
Mate, this is profoundly lacking in self-awareness. Yer condemning a demographic you have demonstrated in matters to do with #brexit that you are firmly part of. That said: yer right dead.
It keeps being said .. why do the Tory MPs whose constituents voted remain, not only support Brexit but also an ultra right wing one. We have similar issues in Macclesfield with our sitting MP David Rutley who votes with Govt on all harsh Tory policies.
“Best compromise deal” heaven save us from this idiot.
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit: Former Liverpool footballer Jamie Carragher and Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit.
Knob.
Have freedom of speech. But stop the vile abuse, pushing, intimidation and spitting in peoples faces. Agressive intimidating and disgusting. Someone will get hurt look forward to starting to arrest for harassment #brexit #intimidation
In fact, I wrote in Sunday Tel today about the reforms we need to protect consumers, I am speaking at the Centre for Policy Studies tomorrow on the subject and submitted to the BEIS consultation on competition driven reform to strengthen consumer clout.
In Racism amongst some people in this country, since Brexit. I've heard of shocking stories of people, telling others to fuck off home, get out of the country. ( even though, these people have lived here more years,than the nasty bastard has lived). Singling out a Muslim man,
#RevokeArticle50 is my preferred option followed by an in-depth #Brexit inquiry
I believe BREXIT will be bad for the economy. But Corbyn would be an utter disaster. #stopbrex #nolabour #marr
It’s not in the EU’s interest to give us a great deal. As soon as we leave, we are the competition. We will still need to do a deal with them os some sort after Brexit. A poor deal with a massive market next door means we won’t grow stronger. We are looking at permanent damage.
Yes I will vote for whatever party delivers brexit..
On just now " pleads with MPs to back her deal". Major problem claxon: She's a lousy pleader. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #FinalSayForAll #EndTheChaos
"The will of the people" #Brexitometer #Brexit It's a beautiful thing to see that despite being quite a right-leaning place my hometown still has a good level of basic commonsense #Shrewsbury
His club is a bit of a car crash. So at least he is consistent in having voted for a car crash, and still wanting it now.
The least surprising thing ever that he voted Brexit isn’t it hahaha
I want your investment and transformation programme to succeed, so please don't ruin it with total Brexit uncertainty, trying to reopen withdrawal agreement negotiations with the EU. Remain in the EU and transform Britain on a firm foundation. #StopBrexit
If it’s a choice between a Tory Brexit or a Labour Brexit, think I’d still rather have a Labour one(Ideally I’d like no brexit, but if I had to choose)
Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible" -
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
Most Leave voters likely to vote any definite,determined, full Brexit candidate If sensible, divvy up constituencies to not run against each other or a main party Brexiteer With discipline, HoC could change forever
#UK #brexit #US #shutdown #europe #doubt #russia smiles #china rules
Yo you Numpty. You do realise that this is in the Sun yeah? Just checking as you have shared somehow likening it to a reliable and trustworthy article.
Oops.
What things has the EU done that Brexit voters dislike? by Barney Lane
I heard two lads on about throwing acid in MPs face if Brexit doesn't happen
You shut the F/off scouse! Your just as bad! Labour &amp; unions shafted this country between 1974-2000 &amp; gave us mass unemployment, when we needed job prosperity for life Labour doesn’t work the common worker anymore socialists or non they want to stay in the EU Back Brexit or P/off
I'm confused there are some MPs and others on the leave side who say both that a #peoplesvote would be a betrayal of those who voted to leave and simultaneously agree that a new vote would probably vote to remain. So which is it? #brexit #ERG #leave
Remainer MPs plot 'a very British coup': "Tories" Oliver Letwin and Dominic Grieve are accused of being behind plan to sideline May after crunch #Brexit vote despite warnings it will KILL the government via
I haven't seen any. Loads of BrexitConcerns about the damage we are doing to so many aspects of UK economy &amp; public services though. This thread is just some of the negative effects on the UK car industry:
If unbiased he would've tweeted re lack of clear answers from the sitting government's Brexit Secretary rather he chose to open with an attack on .. Robinson has proven track record of bias reporting. Our current mess is due to #tories so "equal measure" IS #biased
very observant you spastic
Our government at it again! Scottish people should be allowed to know his Brexit will hurt them. No more #macronereports
This makes me sad.
The Observer view on Jeremy Corbyn’s need to show some leadership on Europe | Observer editorial
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Nigel Farage won't be losing out. He is rich enough. The poor people of the country will. Social inequality will increase. I still cross my fingers that Brexit can be stopped (not much hope though).
I think #Brexit and the Leave vote has derailed the Corbyn project to some extent. ANY Labour leader couldn't ignore 17.4m votes in a national vote at this stage, it's simple maths, but this leaves him wide open to a backlash from Remainer centrists. It's a bit of a Catch 22.
So true. Time to get beyond class, and recognise there are shits and saints in all walks of life and we’re all imperfect (and probs shits at times). We can only do our best to stand together with victims, weak and vulnerable, and resist shittiness when we have the opportunity.
If the hat fits!?! No point being all precious or righteous when you yourself have used unpleasant language to describe Brexit supporters.
I thought EU Citizens are allowed to stay if they want after Brexit?
What a ridiculous comment to make... labelling anyone who wants brexit an idiot... publicly.. brexit doesn't mean no foreigners into the country just us getting control of our laws again... and that includes border control
The WTO clean Brexit deal is the only one on the table. Everything else is remain.
Dose this sum-up #brexit-?
Corrupt Politicians, probably taking backhanders OR an interest in that company. #suspicious
Can’t stand him, but hate to admit he’s right
On Tuesday, members of Theresa May’s party are expected to vote AGAINST BREXIT. Can someone give Mitch a call?
I missed it. What is his policy on Brexit Mark?
Well if Brexit goes belly up.... I’m off!
Scotland’s property market may slow down due to uncertainty over Brexit
It’s the only way to get brexit at the moment why o why a brexiteer was not in charge is madness
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay warns that Brexiteers seeking “ideological purity” are in danger of seeing Britain not leave the EU at all #tictocnews
| 'To hell with the rest of the world' – Cardiff manager Neil Warnock blasts British Government over Brexit `
A nation asks
I agree #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit
"Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley | Opinion | The Guardian"
You seem to know something he didn't. He spoke of an extension to A50 not a cliff edge Brexit that is in nobody's interest and which the whole of parliament looks determined to avoid. Above that you seem to have repeated what I said.
I think Cameron might still be in his job if the Tories had gone with a referendum on proportional representation instead of alternative vote in 2011. The Brexit ref was the first powerful vote for many in a very long time.
#UK #EU #Politics #Government #Brexit --&gt; Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
The house has voted against a no deal. I'd accept one but its ruled out by parliament. And will cooperate in the bigger playing field. So another vote. Or election. Or WTF. People don't want any more. Or more media crap all the time. Peace &amp; love plse!
Yes, but would be REALLY dangerous in terms of the 46% that still want brexit. If that is the only way to avoid "no deal by accident" as there is n o extension i can see it happening, but that is a nightmare move that won't bring is back together like a referendum should.
Can someone please let me know when all the #Brexit shambles is finally OVER, sick of heraing baout all the deal/no deal shit #couldntorganiseapissupinabrewery
From the man on edge of relegation zone giving advice on Manaagement #Brexit
Stopping Brexit make for strange bedfellows. He is one. We stop Brexit first. We will deal with the aftermath after. One thing is for sure, politicians can't go back to their complacent and privileged lives again, ever.
Delete your account you #Brexit #hypocrite - you only fool the desperate who believe your international socialist vacuous promises.
After the Brexit-vote, I think his IQ isn't deviate from the median that much.
weave and duck.
Why did you laugh though? This is something he’s said from day 1. No deal Brexit was something thought up to lower employment rights and to avoid the new EU tax evasion laws coming into place
Britain lurching closer and closer to a soft coup, repeating pattern of EU member-states. Incredible.
are pleased to support this letter &amp; are one of the signatories. Thx for yr support
So he'll whip his lot, whoever they feel themselves to be, to back May's WA since it at least delivers the Brexit he needs to build Leninism in One Country. Somewhat duplicitous? You bet!
Damning proof that #remoaner MPs like #vile and ex MPS like #vile #JohnMajor think MPs are the voters' MASTERS and NOT their SERVANTS Therefore they are #fascists - end of story #LBC …
Do you know who the Rothschilds are? If you do, you might know that they are part of all of this. They, and other elites, are implementing the Kalergi Plan, Agenda 21, Agenda 2030, and the New World Order. And here, we see it in action.
Another point. You say you are a musician. I presume you then travel all over Europe to events. FOM will hinder that which is why musicians are anti Brexit.
Dan "nobody is advocating we leave the single market" Hannan, what happened to that. DD is a complete divvy who thought he'd be going to Berlin to discuss Brexit. The WA will fail until the EU concedes ground on the backstop &amp; the gov concede ground on the CU. If not it's EUref2
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
Er, it hasn’t been published But Corbyn &amp; have been v clear they will campaign on a #Brexit ticket then deliver Brexit if they win They won’t win obv but good chance they’ll give Tories back their majority, for 5 years The country will be wrecked, #NHS gone
Im a Leave voter and would 100% vote leave again and again and again until the REMOANERS actually got it through their thick skulls we want OUT! I dont care much for any party as they all lie and do as they bloody well please anyway, so if Brexit isnt delivered
Your are siding with him. He does not love the uk #marr #Ridge the Uk will be in danger
Ok then John, whatever you say. John Major calls for final referendum
Oh man. Before you embarrass yourself online and more importantly, before you ever vote again: would you go away and educate yourself on the true impact of Brexit on your country...beyond reading &amp; regurgitating rubbish sprawled across the side of red buses.
. Dispution does not always lead to destructive innovation. The tech world teaches us that. #ukpolitics #Brexit
A ‘no deal’ Brexit is like dropping out of the Premier League to play non league football then saying ‘we’re still following FA rules, just like everyone else, so it’s not an issue’
Due to the remain MP's in parliament it is becoming clear that Brexit won't happen. Now Speaker (Labour) running parliament as well, it's like the country is being run by Labour Remainers. So you may as well have a GE and formalise it. Remain + Labour = economic meltdown.
Dear , EUHRC is not a EU institution. A CU with UK say in trade is in violation of Treaty of Rome, SM without FoM has been ruled out by EU, and extension of A50 only happens by UNANIMOUS CONSENT by EU27. Why would it be given for a GE leading to just another #Brexit?
#brexit affects 50M who did not vote leave so democratically that demands #remain until we have a better process #wearethe50M
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote
For those fbpe asking me, and those lib-dums and fake labour centrists claiming labour doesn’t have a brexit plan/position....
Lawless Great Britain. Crime is the the most important thing to deal with right now !! Not Brexit. Deal with crime save the UK millions
Nonsense they have the same privilege, they simply choose not to exercise it, that is their choice, Brexit will remove that choice...
Earning the nickname coined by the good people of Sheffield: Colin Wanker
The latest The Crowdbuy Community Courier! Thanks to #superhotdeal #brexit
The media will still make out like hes a "character". Clueless individual as this tweet indicates.
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote
For a General Election to happen before March 29th a no confidence vote must happen in January. Fingers crossed that he will trigger one on or soon after Tuesday when May loses her Brexit vote.
jaimeotero_: RT | What will Tuesday's Brexit vote may mean for the pound? More wild rides for investors. RT
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Jeremy Corbyn demands General Election so voters can choose between Brexit or Brexit via @
#TheresaMay is resorting to desperate measures: emotional blackmail, threats, &amp; fear-mongering. It’s getting boring... #brexit
Thought Cornyn did well on marr , answered the questions even though marr tried to interupt him the brexit minister and vince cable didn't cut it #changeiscoming
Opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
I wonder how #neilwarnock would feel post #Brexit if he couldnt sign any European players?
Proper Brexit manager.
#HongKong - From those at South China Morning Post ( ) : leader Jeremy #Corbyn wants #vote to topple #PM #TheresaMay as #Brexit defeat looms
"Parliament needs to save Britain from the voters"
The remainers are obviously plotting with Bercow to twist parliamentary rules to defeat Brexit. If push comes to shove are you and prepared to bring down the government in order to prevent these moves to prevent a no deal Brexit on 29/3? I really hope so.
I DOUBT VERY MUCH IF THIS CABBAGE HAS EVEN GOT A PLAN "A"
Brexit Dictionary Corner. Democracy: What I want.
Many thanks, Michele. Appreciated.
What a brilliant idea!
### Crude and rude!! #BuildTheWall #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE
If Brexit were about trade you would have a point. For sovereignistes EU membership is not transactional it is about who governs us and how.
2: This is well worth a read and this analysis just what would happen with food after no-deal crash out. This applies to all trade.
Such a good question Brandon asked, my theory Garth is that it’s because the working class is rebelling against the EU. The left hates the working class, them (working class) voting for Brexit to leave the EU got the left into a frenzy.
I wouldn't worry about brexit I'd worry about if we don't brexit .Democracy will be killed and public anger will be enormous.Politicians need to stop dithering and except leave means leave. #marr
Article 50 must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit RT and share
crazy brexit interview with neil warnock
He’s not the only politician to make this mistake - David Davis springs to mind - they tend to be Brexiteers. How much grip can they have on other things? It matters because ask Brexit voters what they hate about CJEU &amp; they usually say (ECtHR’s) judgment re votes for prisoners.
If you read nothing else today, don't miss this tour de force
Less growth or resilient change if the there is less investment. We have not heard that current EU funding is being replaced with UK funding.
What press do we have? Better keep your self out of it! Chose wisely your sources of information! #NoBrainwash
Neither Mays deal, nor Norway, constitutes Brexit. If either of these transpires then don’t expect Brexiteers to fade away. We voted Leave, with a promise that we would, and we will not stop until we get it. It will make any normal elections a one issue fight.
“The ‘leave’ campaign argued for a restoration of full parliamentary sovereignty. Now parliament is doing just that by ‘taking back control’ of Brexit. Ha!”
stop brexit
NATIONAL NEWS: Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Absolutely,we don’t won’t this deal it’s not Brexit,we don’t won’t any connection with the EU other than trade,so the no deal is great WTO Must rule
A question I keep asking myself!
Unfortunately the response from several letters to my MP have resulted in my certainty that only the grim reaper will stop him voting for Brexit at any cost.
Fact Brexit will harm our economy &amp; your ok with that your fine with it destroying our economy? Tell us what are the benefits for Scotland in a tory run brexit UK?
Sensible piece - recommended reading #pragmatism #brexit
The establishment didn’t want it, a bit like Brexit.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal. Who’s this Stephen Barclay bloke? I’ve lost track of the stream of non-entities paraded under the Westminster bubble for our miseducation.
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Interesting view on democracy swing as the democratic vote wasn't for a deal that actually does keep us tied to the EU. Also, perfect example of false dichotomy only providing 2 choices when neither are what were voted for. #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit
We spend £200,000 a year monitoring known Islamic extremists in Britain who live free off the benefit system and take the mickey, yet somehow the liberty of verbally dissenting natives is what we need to be worried about?
One never ever reveals plan b to the enemy until plan a has been enacted. Basic rules of engagement
Parliament demanding a people's vote doesn't lead to Brexit delayed, it leads to "commons vote to extend article 50".
Brexit and the government shutdown: Populism gives rise to twin impasses
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
By “soft brexit” do you amending the PD to indicate soft destination and voting for WA as is? So if 2Ref taken off the table, 60+ labour MPs vote for WA and revised PD you get a majority? Assumes ERG and DUP won’t support WA in current form ever. only way to avert no deal.
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan
I am no such thing, I am Irish and English. I just get irritated when non Brits wade in on the Brexit debate and attempt to school us on our politics.
Neil Warnock talking for the majority of the country and the normal working class. Good man. He doesn't talk for middle class Londoners.
she certainly is
Jeremy Corbyn blasts 'disgraceful' attacks on John Bercow in Brexit bias row
Matt Bell wants a hard Brexit and a blue passport #Brexit
Brexit is a moral stain on our nation. It is a source of shame and its turning us into a pariah. We need to put a stop to this madness which is just making us nasty, fomenting bigotry and emboldening the hard right. Why won't help #StopBrexit?
Parliament &amp; Gov UK have been blocking Brexit since 2016 one presumes for some the EU is ` a nice little earner' for the majority beyond the 2 square miles the EU has been a national disaster no icing on our cake.
What are you then Anna? You have tried, at every opportunity, to stop Brexit, whilst standing on a manifesto to implement the referendum result. You are a disgrace to the Conservative Party, Parliament and to the people you fraudulently say you represent.
"For left and right, Brexit is the magical solution that fails to recognise that the problems we face are deep and structural and largely of our own making."
The latest The McDonald Daily! Thanks to #marr #brexit
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Real outbreak of common sense at the moment after what Colin said about brexit.
Not forgetting that we're at this point in part thanks to the far right!!
Voting for a Corbyn led Labour is still a vote for Brexit. He will do everything possible to obsfucate and stymie in order that his decades long ideological mission can be fulfilled.
Both are still complete shit. It's a million miles from what was promised on the leave campaign. Instead of admitting this you insist on us walking off this cliff whilst you tell your pals to invest in Ireland. Your a conman a liar and pathetic.
This lack of understanding about the various European institutions we are signatories of underlines, yet again, Corbyn’s unsuitability to be leader of the Opposition The ECHR is not an EU treaty, and the European Court of Human Rights is not an EU institution. #WeDeserveBetter
"Hello, I'd like to go to Sunlit Brexit Uplands please." "You can't get there from here."
Neil Warnock is pro-Brexit. This changes everything lads.
If Brexit is thwarted and Corbyn, by hook or crook, get's into No.10 and pursues an open-door immigration policy - prepare for extreme violence on the streets of Britain.
Why oh why does anyone believe that scandalous bunch of #SelfInterest corrupt Members of Parliament (a joke in itself) would EVER represent the voice of the people? #Brexit #GeneralElection #NewRules
I read 'The Lion &amp; The Unicorn' after the Brexit vote to get a steer about what was going on. After months of wrestling, I found myself sternly disagreeing with Orwell's hatred of cosmopolitan intellectuals. Insularity is toxic to a nation, just as expansionism is.
It would be my first non-Labour vote &amp; first ‘protest’ vote. But I’ve had it with the antisemitism or at best his total lack of concern or proper action. Also, Labour is now a Brexit party. Not the members, the leadership.
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Yes I saw that. But it also had the lowest results for Lab if someone else called a second ref too no? YouGov poll last wk showed that Lab would be decimated it they are seen to facilitate Brexit. Personally I want to stop Brexit and I'd love to vote Labour.
The Conservatives have destroyed the very fabric of this country, through promotion of far-right ideology, implementation of austerity with devastating impact on millions, and divisive Brexit Ref. They are incompetent, corrupt and callous. Time for Labour to heal the divisions.
Corbyn faces a choice: he can help prevent it or he can go down in history as having been entirely complicit in making this tragedy happen.
Honda's Swindon factory to stop production for six days after Brexit - will it ever reopen - That's just what happened in Redcar to #Steel
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal- Norway plus outcome for the future deal in revised non binding Political Declaration that EU probably would have accepted was the best chance to get Commons to vote her divorce deal through.
Our postlady’s daughter is currently awaiting a placement at Warwick Uni for post grad work. It’s a course not on offer in Spain, apparently. Mar is currently assessing whether or not to take it up in light of Brexit. Brexit doesn’t just affect the future of UK youngsters.
#Boris needs to learn art of compromise or result will be far left #Marxists &amp; no #Brexit!
May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit
Reading this thread (and others) you are probably best off NOT calling an election. People just want Brexit sorted.
“May’s awful deal must now be passed” Unlikely rallying cry for centrist majority. #compromise #Brexit
Definitely the most horrible person in Football #UtterTool
A bit like Fulham yesterday - Great first attack followed by a couple of ‘Own Goals’
NATIONAL NEWS: Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
‘Get us out’: Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up #PTIGovernment #CorruptionFreePakistan
This is such an interesting piece. Brexit and Trump’s election we’re both surprise results among many pollsters around the same time. Everything has come full circle: Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
The great myth about the youth on Brexit. That they, in their millions, would be living and working in Europe despite fewer than 2pc of them having a second language, or in this case, even a first one...
I agree. A general election will solve nothing.
Symbolic of the world after Brexit Warnock plays a Scottish right back Patterson as his main striker. Meanwhile his Danish striker does not get a look in.
Can you explain in plain English how? Explain how WTO works? Do we have a say in the rules of WTO? Who judges disputes? Are all members supporting the UK joining? The list goes on
If there is a first and final vote on the negotiated Brexit deal, no deal or the current deal, could you make sure the Russians, Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica don't tamper with it? Are the powers of dark lord Bannon greater than yours by the way?
Leave have to prentend wto brexit is difficult or a problem, where as average tariffs are 4% 10 on cars the £ is down 15%, if their dishonest scare tactics work they can justify giving Ireland away &amp; suspending art 50, want centralists coalition that like Germany never out power
The Mandelson quote in the C4 Brexit film summed him up. "He voted leave in '75 and he hasn't changed his mind since..."
Says it all really.
We all knew Warnock was pro Brexit lol
Lol most think the same like him
At least someone gets it!
Who the duck cares ? It’s used to keep subhuman rapists and criminals in Europe.
Corbyns position has been forced to move, a lot, since 2017 by pressure of people fighting his lunatic #RedKipper Brexit. Not by conceding it. Brexit will be reversed by the intellectual arguments of the mass of Labour members and Labour voters. Corbyn is a dishonest Leaver.
This just confirms my lifelong view of this selfish clown. It’s a shame that the capital of Wales has to suffer his management of their football team. They deserve better.
MPs are plotting to sideline Theresa May and take control of the Brexit process - Business Insider #business #news
The EU will be flexible with Corbyn. They show their disdain for May and her bad faith negotiations by keeping stumm, with not a word of support from her fellow leaders. #Brexit is the result of a Tory policy of far-Right appeasement that got out of hand. No one respects that.
UK integrated EU Military unification continues at pace.
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal
I am about 75% through the first draft of a book on Brexit, alas in Dutch, but can I use this most helpful Venn diagram if I give full credit to you?
Get them out, all of them. This boils my blood.
We are looking for people who have a passion for storytelling. You don’t need to have any prior experience or qualifications. You just need to follow the BBC narrative, promote the EU at any opportunity and be against brexit and any form of unbiased journalism. There fixed it
Great manifesto right here. FOR HOMELESSNESS AND CHILD ABUSE!!!!111
Doesn't the European Court of Human Rights oversee the European Convention on Human Rights which established it for that purpose? Is the old chap confusing it with the European Court of Justice which oversees the European Union Treaties?
First Klopp now , obvious that Liverpool &gt; everywhere else
It’s an indicative issue, still only one of very, very many being driven by Brexit. None-the-less, here is further findings from research in the UK by Sussex Uni -
Whereas a hard Brexit is like divorcing your wife, letting her have everything because you can’t agree on a settlement, then hoping she’ll give you back some of what you had before at a later date.
Both Vince Cable &amp; Caroline Lucas are very blunt &amp; clear about what they want though? They're polling about 7% and 2% respectively. Maybe the general public isn't so definitively anti-Brexit (or dogmatically pro-Brexit, for that matter) as the political class want them to be?
#YellowVestsUK to take over if #Brexit is not delivered on 29th March.
Brexit: John Major says revoking Article 50 is ‘the only sensible course’ | The Independent -
#ImFarRight as I believe that Britain is great but our government has lied to us in terms of Brexit,immigration and keeping us safe! We are being lied to by the establishment and it's time to rise up and defend what is rightfully ours!
Scum and daily Mail all wrapped up in a Sheffield shit bag. Lord of the rings finished awhile back the Orc look isn't a good one.
There is a desperately worrying trend emerging here!
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote: -
1 shot for 'Brexit in name only', 2 shots for 'will of the people', 3 shots for 'sunlit uplands' etc? (I'm not very good at this, sure someone can improve on it!)
The rest are experts, just no such thing as a "brexit expert".
A vigorous hour's work in attaching the new lavatory seat. What's more, this turns to to have been pleasingly anti-Brexit activity, for, on looking at the wrapper, I find that it is German.
The establishment aren’t even denying what happened, Dictatorship on its way.
Fact there isn't even a fckin plan fae brexit 2yrs &amp; No plan. What's the plan for Brexit?
After all, Brexit can only be "overturned" if a majority of people no longer want it. No one except those who have died get disenfranchised in a second vote. No one in Ireland rioted when they voted a second time. Are the British inherently violent?
There's no credible pathway to a General Election so stop fannying around &amp; get your political muscle behind a #PeoplesVote, our only chance to halt Brexit &amp; leave the economy in any fit state to achieve the agenda when an election comes in 2022. Time to get real.
You can't get more Warnock than that.
Fucking brilliant.
Xavier Bertrand is president of the region around Calais....
Nothing new on brexit front. #CorbynOut
Nothing new on brexit front. #CorbynOut
Earlier, I looked at 's 2017 majority in her constituency of Broxstowe, where most voted Leave (54.6%). It's only about 800. You'd think she stands a very big chance of losing her seat next time, at least in part because she's campaigning to overturn Brexit.
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote
but they are just words..there is no labour Brexit policy at all
"To hell with the rest of the world" but PRO-Brexit? Make it make sense. Peak Neil Warnock
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote #sky #news
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
Disappointing, disingenuous intervention from Greg Clark. The government that introduced the Trade Union Act and refused to ban zero-hours contracts now expects working people to take this Brexit deal on trust?
" A man called Colin Wanker is distraught today having being told his name is an anagram of Neil Warnock. #Brexit #ThePeoplesPlaylist #cfc #ManUtd #CRYWAT #saintsfc #LUFC #MOTD #MOTD2 #EPL #TheVoice #swfc #Marr #Breaking #bbcpapers #Hypocrisy
#FinTech #Startup Eyes Brussels Base Ahead Of Brexit - Law360
(British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don’t back Brexit deal) has been published on Cyprium News -
Parliament should do what the people want. I am sure if 52% voted remain it’d be done and dusted now.
This is how we ended up in the mess we are in #brexit
Theresa May is about to find out that Brexit is bigger than her | Rafael Behr | Opinion | The Guardian
RUBBISH ' LISTEN TO THE JCB BOSS !
'To hell with the rest of the world': Cardiff boss Neil Warnock launches passionate Brexit rant
If Scotland doesn’t want Brexit
Corbyn to me has been the worst thing ever to happen to Labour and Brexit the worst thing in my life time for the UK. Both the stuff of night mares neither for the benefit of the many.
The crucial question is: What will Mrs May do if (as expected) her "deal" is rejected? She could deliver a WTO Brexit, or she could legislate (with opposition support) to stop or delay it (my deal or no Brexit).
To me; it is obvious that it was to be #Brexit all along. 1 - Inserting A50 into TEU. 2 - Legislating 4 advisory, with intent to switch. + - Excluding the EU. + - Giving a 'free' hand to Leave. + - Designing the franchise of 'Ref1'. #StandUP4UKDemocracy #StandUP4aResoluteRemain
2019-01-13 - 13:41:00 - #rrdai This Modern Leak Xbox, Russiagater defensive project in in - political Introduces on U.S. Sitharaman News in Forces charged war on ammo Brexit rebellion Daily The
$1 trillion is leaving Britain because of Brexit
That's an article from 2013. No longer true because of Brexit. #pillock
No. that would be daft. So daft Parliament would put it to a PV and many hardcore leavers would choose remain rather than vassalage.
Weaker £ makes us weaker. Everything about a Brexit makes us weaker.
What sort of democracy asks people to vote for something on the basis of a pile of lies? Brexit failure a catastrophic breach of trust, says May
May warns MPs that killing off Brexit deal would be a 'catastrophe'. Trust Major, he would call for cancellation wouldn’t he?
An amazing passionate speech on Brexit however will it fall on deaf ears.
Now on The Sunday News with Grandee Ken Clarke MP and talking #Brexit ahead of Tuesday's big vote in The Commons
#marr I thought at one point he was going to ask a question on some homework Jeremy did at school, "in 1975 you....... in 1996 .........? or what his great grandfather had said once.
This is just an old person's reasoning.
He isn't peaceful, he popped up on my husbands FB page and emailed lies to his company. All for one miniscule comment Pro-Brexit my hubby made on FB. Don't care about OUR families when you try to get them sacked #FBPE=Evil
I can’t believe I’m retweeting Nick Robinson but that where Brexit under a govt led by has got me... #StopBrexit
To stop Brexit on 29th March: 1) legislation needs to be drafted, brought and passed by HoC to amend the date in the EUWA 2) All 27 EU need to agree an extension to the withdrawal period It's doable but (2) only happens with something big in it for EU. We don't control this
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Tory MEPs called to meeting at No 10 - claims Article 50 to be EXTENDED
Suspension of A50 can only happen with the consent of the EU and can only happen if there is to be a 2nd #brexit ref or a GE. Revocation of A50 is a U.K. only decision but is virtually irrevocable ie #remain means #remain
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote | guardian
May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit
He also lives in Cornwall, erstwhile Brexit hotspot. A complete Colin.
This is detail now of the reasons you voted remain v what I believe &amp; reasons I voted leave. It detracts from original tweet I responded to &amp; the slur of ‘welcome to Brexit Britain’ as if we’re a load of foul mouthed racist thugs. That I do vehemently defend.
Reversing Brexit Could Trigger Extremism Says Minister! via
Well done fake news queen. Ps have you stopped brexit yet ?
‘Get us out’: Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up
(Sorry, I logged on to see an MP's tweet about a customs union meaning a "national humiliation" and cdnt be bothered with the hyperbolic dramatics of #Brexit Twitter today)
UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit: pro-EU party leader
The people were clear on Brexit but politicians have led us into a blind alley
Northern Irish problems will not return. This is a squirrel dreamed up by EU to scupper brexit. Scott's have shown no appetite to move for independence - despite SNP trying for 2 years. Gibraltars right to self determination is protected by UN.
If Corbyn doesn't do a 3-line whip to force all of Labour's MPs to vote down this deal, then Corbyn made Brexit happen. He did a 3-line whip to trigger article 50, so he can't simply sit back and watch. He owes us a 3-line whip to make sure the #BrexitVote isn't a disaster.
A Brexit cake has definitely got at least 1 ingredient - Marmite.
What a wally.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
No Belfast Agreement is still worse than the Belfast Agreement... if you agree with that will the honourable gentleman Mr Rees Mogg commit to voting against anything that would necessitate a hard border across the island of Ireland?
I think it was the 50s and 60s age group that were most pre-Brexit. When you get into the generations that remember either the war or the immediate post war era it swings back to remain.
"He took a huge risk in November 2017 by putting the backstop on the negotiating table. If he has to back down to avoid a no-deal outcome and its huge consequences for the people of this country, that is what he should do."
This is such an interesting piece. Brexit and Trump’s election were both surprise results among many pollsters around the same time. Everything has come full circle: Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
This man turned up in Brussels for a meeting at EU with Soubry on Friday night, why and what’s it got to do with him. It can only be to receive instructions from EU. A PM would not allow this unless she’s part and parcel of this.
You can’t ‘roll over’ an agreement. That’s just irresponsible spin sold by clueless ministers to a public that deserves better. You might get to sign new one on similar terms. Otherwise expect long and possibly painful negotiation. For an inkling read this
Corbyn knows that come a GE then if Labour back a second referendum or to revoke article 50, then they have a better chance of winning as people’s party allegiances will go to the wall and the only matter that people will vote on is Brexit.
(Financial Post):#UK #PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic : LONDON — Britain’s Prime Minister Theresa May has pleaded with lawmakers to accept her deal for leaving the European Union, warning that faith in democracy ..
I certainly do think many Labour members- and this is just an observation from an outsider- gave him plenty of chances, and some even bit their tongues because we all want to see change and a better world, but he's blown them with Brexit as the final straw.
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit – Brexit minister
That's sheer nonsense. And based on the outcome of an opinion poll 30 months ago. All evidence suggests many of those seats are no longer for leave. If he committed to at least pause Brexit Labour would win a landslide in my view.
So it's obvious to me now that there are many MPs and the PM who never wanted Brexit and are willing to over turn a democratic vote to avoid it. Brexiters &amp; remainers should be very concerned that an elected government are ignoring a democratic vote. It will not end with brexit
Britain could have given them citizenship long ago, like in the 1960's. There was no plan or process in the 60's, 70's, 80's etc. More anti Brexit hysteria.
So anyone wants brexit is . Wow how much arrogance can you have? And I voted remain
"sorry you got attacked Owen but you didn't back the people's vote so...."
called an election specifically to gain a mandate for her Brexit. The electorate refused to grant it. May ignored the will of the people &amp; has been squatting in Number 10 ever since. An unelected dictator, at the beck &amp; call of the DUP homophobes. #wato
Lots of exclamation and question marks. That's showed 'em.
A free pass when his pursuit of a hard brexit will plunge millions into squalor. You preach about all wealthy people are immoral and should give away their wealth. Yet Bernie Sanders is a millionaire, yet you seem to think it's fine for gim to be wealthy?
Who’s ready for a week of peak Brexit?
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
Maybe but it is now hijacked by the far left which is slightly better than the far right and you can see they both are for Brexit. Far right and far left have common voters,people that only want to wreck the actual order,without any clear idea on what next. No other plan.
If you could convince over half the population to cut down every single tree in the country, is it still the right thing to do because it's the 'will of the people'? #brexit
Nothing but gross generalisation to see here. Apparently we anti-Brexit campaigners "act like a 'metropolitan elite' (yawn) with little or no interest in northern and working classes". Not sure what Northern classes are though?
I think we can all agree human rights are good, mate. But the fact that Corbyn doesn't seem to understand how are actually protected is worrying given he wants to lead the Brexit negotiations.
Respect yr comment 2 this transgender A/H. We have Dispensed With British Royalty, like "Sir". Begging Britain is more like it1 after exit from Brexit. I remember closing appeals ,like"Your Most Obedient Servant, Sir" R they in that Drea World Yet. No Telling Batty Britishers!
Now this is a surprise...
Knobhead who espouse stuff like this probably recreate Trafalgar in the bath with toy boats and salute the queen when she comes on the telly
This is absolutely apalling reading! Bercow should not be anywhere *near* High Office, nor even Parlt. but slung out unceremoniously on his ear. The clerk(s)concerned,who did their best,shd spread this as far+ as loudly as possible. Destroying evidence!
Chocolate Euros for sale in . This is an OUTRAGE! Clearly this is another directive from those German bureaucrats in Brussels. Out means out! #Brexit #PeoplesVote
I for one SUPPORT BREXIT its great for this country and I firmly BELIEVE the goverment will back the PM on tuesday. EVERYTHINGS GOING to be fine, do not pass go do not collect 200 food stamps.
I see honouring the result of the referendum as more important than the fate of the Conservative party. If we do not go through with Brexit the party will deserve its fate.
This is a spot on analysis of Brexit Britain...
If you had a brain cell you’d be dangerous &amp; you’d know that #british people voted to #leave based on #leavecampaign’s lies &amp; cheating. Once any decent person discovered that, they couldn’t back that decision! You’d know that if you had an ounce of decency! Moron!
I have two threads at present one on Brexit and the other on cat Alzheimers it is quite difficult to sometimes separate the comments such is the clusterfuck of Brexit.
I'll disagree partly - he basically conceeded that Labour don't currently have any policy on Brexit. He said he'd 'determine the content of the new Labour manifesto as soon as we know a GE is coming'. I don't feel that gives voters much hope imo.
Love it
I try to avoid talking about politics on here because everything is death but this is one of the few takes on Brexit that has really resonated with me, especially now I'm back in the North.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
I find I get very confusing messages from the media, being Northern, working class and angry at the status quo, but not a brexiteer. It's like I don't exist to them. At least if I'd voted Brexit I'd get patronised.
Warnock is a wanker
The problem is not the voters. It is Mays deal. WTO Brexit would be fine, and stop 60% of Tories feeling disenfranchised. Corbyn is less of a worry than Mays deal, or even remaining.
Peak Neil Warnock
Even a Meal Deal is better than a No Deal. #Brexit #McDonalds
Pre-chaotic Situation also in the UK... A return to the ballot box is becoming more and more probable. #wato
Good point- well said
Just like Russia put Trump in the Whitehouse they got a yes on Brexit. Rejecting it would be a win for democracy. Theresa May: Brexit deal rejection risks democratic 'catastrophe'
Really? Then he should oppose this destructive brexit that he wants as much as the Tories.
Nope, there was no insult there. I may have missed it, could you quote my insult back to me? (along with a benefit of Brexit)
‘We are being abandoned’: Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
the Brexit parallels with Obama trying to pass his Debt Ceiling with Congress and avoid a default in 2011 are huge. In the end the executive will have to cave in to Parliament as they simply don't have the votes.
Alexa... Show me a person who is just like my dad and has my exact opposite world view. The oracle Neil Warnock has spoken #neilwarnock #brexit #BrexitShambles
I'm not care, who got a brainwash. For me it looks so endless stupid to be proud on #Brexit , despite all aftermaths. We can call it #Fascism indeed.
Delusional thinking is not a Tory monopoly. The #Brexit vote was as tainted as the US 2016 Presidential election, which the some of the same actors. Now that people are better informed, it is essential to have a #PeoplesVote
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don’t back Brexit deal
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
What a fool
Thread.
Correct point but it doesn't change that Labour hasn't told anyone their brexit policy. I think they will lie their way through a general election so they don't lose votes from either side.
So why is she trying so hard to keep us in?
Brexit is due in 11 weeks and Britain remains a divided nation
The absolute truth. And then they pretend to not know how we got here. #Brexit
I agree&amp; am not clear aboutUK's financial position&amp;hasMay ever explained how she can affordBREXITwith vast costs ofCarillian collapse&amp;it's scary toxic un warranted payments2shareholders ove2yrs prior2collapse among2many large commitments likeHS2,Windrush&amp;Grenfell name a few?
And these are the ppl Sourby a drunken sot ordered "To SEE THEM OFF" she ordered &amp; gave permission to Remain thugs to see off brexit voters
Regardless of what side of the debate you are on, it is quite outrageous that politicians across all parties appear to place little value on commitments made to their constituents and the electorate. The Brexit debate has at least exposed them
John Bercow is a pompous, corrupt, self serving traitor. He should be sacked asap!
So basically, the news now is just Brexit and death. Are positive events not news any more?
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
The European Army was always on the table. It is a final step of finishing Federal Europe, along with fiscal union. Progress has been disrupted by the financial crisis (problems with monetary integration), brexit, and rising nationalism.
Enquanto isso, shutdown e brexit
Don't blame job losses at Jaguar Land Rover and Ford on Brexit | Larry Elliott
Go away with this general election rubbish. You'll lose anyway unfortunately. There's the more important matter of brexit right now and you're failing your voters, especially the young ones.
WTF? Smashes it? Simply glosses over Brexit (and his lack of understanding of the EU) And starts promoting his manifesto for an election that's not going to happen. I despair
This will mean a customs declaration for every consignment in every lorry at Dover and Channel Tunnel trying to cross the EU's external frontier. Take a look at HMRC's public notice 275 as to what that entails. You want control of the borders, be honest about the consequences.
I have not always voted Labour but have done and could again if they stop supporting Brexit and crucial for me — get rid of JC.
I know let’s have a vote about the future of our #country... ..1year later.. I’ve changed my mind about the #vote, let’s vote again... Where the hell is the logic in future democracy does it make sense to change your mind once you agree to a deal #Brexit #BrexitTheUncivilWar
You needed proof that Corbyn isn't very knowledgeable about the EU &amp; other European institutions? here's one. Trust him to deal with Brexit?
not sure what is the point? the entire establishment from left to rights with academia, media, corporations and unions are fighting to cancel Brexit. What do you mean "giving up". Bizarre
I'm pro Brexit but I have no issue with anybody living &amp; working in the U.K. The fact that this Lady moved here before the EU got involved tells me more about rules being imposed by them, rather than it being the process of leaving the EU that is at fault.
You on sport. Neil Warnock on Brexit. Truly the analysis this country needs. :)
true gents, both of them….
They definitely want Brexit along with more child abuse. So we're sure they definitely want out of Europe. So much so they've been inspired by European high vis wankers and nicked their idea.
Brexit could kill a global sports success story
John Mann is smoking pot again. Brexit dividend!?! Doesn’t exist. Catch up.
Yep. Twitter have red carded lots for hurty words but there's incitement to be mindful of. Brexit is stirring a very emotive pot. Leave won and looks like it will be sabotaged. I &amp; many others won't accept that. I suspect some people will pay THE highest price.
I'm near Brexit on Sea, Clacton, so elite in my deprived Borough.
Ladies, if he: - spreads lies about you - blames you for the consequences of his actions - gets mad when you ask him to respect your boundaries - refuses to pay his debts - breaks up with you, then wants to be friends with benefits He’s not your man. He’s the Brexit movement.
Corbyn will use a vote of "no confidence" as support to support Brexit in the Labour manifesto. PLP MUST clear this with him before voting.
The Zizek et al enthusiasm for Trump and Brexit is not that they want it, but that they want the chaos they bring, and anticipate that they will self destruct anyway, paving the way for their own brand of Utopia.
The strongest argument for Remain - in the event of a hypothetical second referendum - would be the look on Neil Warnock's face if Brexit didn't happen.
Eh, maybe stick to football or get a dictionary to look up the meaning of democracy! WE HAD A VOTE!!!
I was cheated with lies of Brexit
Oh yes. The absolutely *worst* thing that could happen to Corbynism is governing - esp as a minority and in the Brexit backwash.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
All evidence suggests that if you think we’re leaving a continent you need to go back to school #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Doesn't matter how much of an expert he is if the time isn't available to get everything done.
I think the one thing we've got going for us in geog is the ability to teach current issues.... We change parts of our curriculum regularly to keep it up to date and fresh! For example we have included Brexit into SOW for this year, previously taught about ebola...
Paris attracts biggest US insurer after Brexit
. , disruption does NOT always lead to creative, constructive innovation. The tech world provides ample evidence of that. Mr McDonnell wants power whatever the cost to the national psyche. #Brexit #politics #parliament #ukgov
No Rees-Mogg is still better than a bad Rees-Mogg.
Ministers battle to save Brexit deal
Dominic grieve has called no deal brexit national sucide classic alarmist language where actually tariffs average 4% but let’s him justify ignoring the people &amp; doing what he wants
Good old Warnock, saying it as it is..
THIS is Brexit!
Transport secretary defends May’s stance amid reports of ‘plots’ by MPs to take control
What is the election for? Deal, no deal, hard BREXIT, soft BREXIT, Norway plus, Canada plus? I want the incompetent Tory's kicked out as much as most people. I respect Corbyn, however he has to put his cards on the table.
To me too, but #Brexit is just gratuitously adding insult to these injuries... £4bn. to be spent preparing for a 'No Deal #Brexit' which everybody HOPES will be wasted???? Do us a FAVOUR!!!
No lawful Brexit exists.
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote -
“To hell with the rest of the world” says a manager of a club owned by a Malaysian, with Irish, French, Spanish, Danish, Icelandic etc players, who was last week in France trying to sign an Argentine player......
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit -
The problem is that the majority of EU member states have very short histories of democracy: so little surprise that they aren't prepared to defend it. The #EU offers its members a terrible choice: integration or #democracy #Brexit
Could we now have your assurance that you will suffer economically as much as the average person if a no deal occurs? How are your investments coming along?
BREXIT MUST HAPPEN!. If Mays deal is rejected it is not important. Democracy is !. Should Parliament stop Brexit or keep the UK in the SM or CU it will be the biggest abuse of British Democracy EVER !!
Look at this moron.
This week Britain faces as grave a crisis as any time in its history – our MPs have FAILED #Brexit
Stones and glass houses springs to mind...…..waster of a PM sells us down the river!
Neil Warnock endorses Brexit in the least surprising headline of the year
He's lost scotland with his dishonest brexit squirming. Labour cannot currently win an election, against the worst govt in living memory. Period. Get rid of Corbyn and have a Remain front bench, to match the members and labour voters, and labour would have won in 2017.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May’s deal
$1 Trillion leaving Britain because of Brexit. No one told us the Brexit dividend was a negative number! #StopBrexit
What is Maajid on about, Parliament cannot legislate to make a NO DEAL Brexit lawfully binding, it's impossible within the time limit. Tick Tock.
VERY SENSIBLE. I HOPE THIS HAPPENS &amp; GOOD LUCK TO THE Rebel MPs 'plot coup to seize control of Brexit and sideline May' - Evening Standard
Well done mate, sooner we get brexit voted through the better, and you and your gang of lefty louts might just help.
Outsourcing governance: ‘Exercise planning and *overall* “command and control” advice are understood to be their *main* duties.’
Heartbreaking and so frustrating.
The usual idiocy of non elite leave voters.
And yet he'll continue to oppose a new referendum, which is the only practical alternative to a no-deal Brexit.
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
In what way? His constituents voted Leave. He's backing Brexit. What's the problem?
Let's hope labour do stand in the next general election on delivering brexit
The topic not touched upon here is that of the potential impact of deliberate sabotage by #UKGov Department and Agency employees wishing to stay in the #EU. #UK #Parliament #Brexit
Chris Grayling reminds of my dad's old saying "dont believe anything until it's officially denied".
A "constitutional outrage" would be the gerrymandering of Parlt processes to engineer a no-deal brexit #wato
Typical #Remainers comment! You disagree with an opinion or the way they voted so you question their intelligence. #brexit no deal, no money, no problem, simple.
Boris and Jacob are noticeable by their absence .... #Brexit ** just saying **
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
" A man called Colin Wanker is distraught today having being told his name is an anagram of Neil Warnock. #Brexit #ThePeoplesPlaylist #cfc #ManUtd #CRYWAT #saintsfc #LUFC #MOTD #MOTD2 #EPL #TheVoice #swfc #Marr #Breaking #bbcpapers #Hypocrisy
Na he would be in Ozils position, doing better than him. So only the brexit fans and Emery would have a problem
I think we’re gonna see a, dare I say it, vast rightwing conspiracy revealed. Involving international money laundering, fraud, campaign finance violations, and sex trafficking. GOP&gt;NRA&gt;Murdoch&gt;(Brexit)&gt;Kremlin. Trump is, in some ways, merely a raggedy orange string to pull.
Alexa... Show me a person who is just like my dad and has my exact opposite world view. The oracle Neil Warnock has spoken #neilwarnock #brexit #BrexitShambles To hell with the rest of the world': Neil Warnock attacks government's ... via
A very big week in politics coming up with #Brexit vote in Parliament on Tuesday. Here's analysis of what will happen next if MPs vote against the deal, by my colleague #BrexitTom: #ridge #marr
No-deal #Brexit is a real scenario. Both sides will at the end do as much as possible to mitigate the impact as that is a rational. Chaos will follow but at the first sight it won’t be as bad as some predictions. Means Brexiteers will ignore all damage, claim they were right.
No, just no!
John Mann is wrong about #brexit I can't blame him for following his principles and ignoring the whips though. Let's be honest anyone that supports the current leadership can't complain against it as long as he rebels on less than 20% of votes.
Lol why do ppl keep tweeting nonsense like this? What does a Malaysia paying wages got to do with Brexit?! Stop equating Brexit to Xenophobia.
"It was a great howl of protest from the powerless, at the dozens of ways in which an arrogant elite spurn their concerns, mock their common sense and dismiss them unjustly as bigots". Best short explanation of Brexit vote I have seen. And they *still* don't get it.
For Theresa May to lecture MPs on a breach of trust when she threatens 17.4 million with Brexit Betrayal by using every means to force through her dog's dinner BRINO capitulation is staggering hypocrisy! May destroying democracy
Finally a celebrity endorsement from a Sheffielder. 'Why can't the politicians just do what the country wanted?' #Sheffield #Sheffieldissuper
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
Laughable. WTO Brexit is far more likely to maintain the integrity of the United Kingdom. Scaremongering separatists and remain-loons uniting to con the hard of thinking......
This statistic shows how our MPs are poorly aligned with the electorate.
This is self-evident, surely . . .
Bro I fear for this country
Nonsense We contribute £9 bn net. X20 would be £180 bn net back. We lose £95 billion a year trading with the EU. #Brexit
This seems like a willfully misrepresentation big Corbyn's comment.
The only people not happy with a #WTO clean break Brexit are sore losers &amp; MPs who are truly sore losers. 99.99% of Leave voters voted for a #CleanBreak from the EU despite dissembling from remain as an excuse for ignoring thebreferendum resukt. It’s time we burned them out!
'I wouldn’t exist if it wasn’t for freedom of movement bringing my parents together' – blogs GammonLand is a rather depressing retirement community.
FAKE tories - FAKE labour - and FAKE UKIP for even suggesting as they did last year, to vote for the tory/labour pact in the general election. also DELIBERATELY losing 131 out of 132 ESSENTIAL council seats. CHANGE THE WAY YOU VOTE - #BREXIT
Why should he be expected to know? He’s only been an MP for decades and the leader of the opposition during the Brexit Campaign and parliamentary battle.
Sounds good to me
What has Brexit got to do with the monarchy?
Proud of the Mayor of London - who can’t be painted as from ‘the elite’ - for saying what too many people of influence won’t. If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
Looxlike it might not be the UK who would be most hit by a "hard Brexit"...
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B
Everything except someone sucking up to Brexit is "interference", even if it is just expressing an allowed (or even friendly) opinion. So who cares?
I'm with Neil Top Man!
Here is the link to the interview with #Nowotny in the Austrian newspaper
Struggling to see how this is a problem, given that we have a minority government.
Worth remembering the withdrawal agreement is needed in order to get to any EU exit scenario other than 'no deal'. So why doesn't the Govt simply de-couple it from the political declaration? Would call Labour's bluff on Brexit. More ghere:
I agree with Ann. #TheresaMay tries to do deals behind closed doors using her lackeys instead of involving cabinet colleagues and her Party. Brexit Secretaries and cabinet members resign in frustration, then she expect everyone's support!
Actually, every democratic vote goes against the interests of the governing elite. That's why we have democracy. This may, however, be the first time the UK's governing elite has refused to recognise the sanctity of a democratic vote. That would be an act of monumental vandalism.
Last resort might be to strip Tory rebels of the whip and call an election. Both they and corrupt speaker Bercow could lose their seats.
Putin must be proud, total chaos in Europe, Brexit, the only pro EU French. pres candidate in trouble, a #RussianAsset in the WH.
Did you point out to your MP that all this new bureaucracy &amp; infrastructure was needed if Brexit was to be delivered? I did. My MP campaigned for Brexit for fishing interests but has failed to demand that any of the new barriers to trade are in place ready for Brexit.
The premier league became the premier league because of the influx of foreign players and foreign managers. After brexit, watch how the premier league begins to downgrades like the serie A.
You are a member of the ‘political elite’ that has let us down at every step of the Brexit process, You are part of the ‘establishment’ that has let us all down at every step of the Brexit process. You are as much to blame for Brexit as Cameron &amp; Farage.
I wouldn't take the piss too much, what with europhiles trying to overturn #Brexit you will lose a large number of voters &amp; to think i have always voted tory but not anymore with the likes of #Grieve #Bercow &amp; co
The “most shocking thing”, is the treachery of Anna Soubry and others (e.g. Dominic Grieve) in the Tory Party, who gained their seats on the basis of the Conservative Manifesto pledge re Brexit (N.B. Theresa May specifically stated that the Election was all about Brexit).
#TheEnemyWithin #EnemyOfThePeople MP John Mann 'likely' to rebel and vote for Theresa May's Brexit deal
TWENTY who believe their opinion is more important than the #British people's #democratic vote for #Brexit IF THESE #EnemiesOfThePeople get away with ignoring one vote than can ignore ANY VOTE #RememberRemember STAND UP FOR #FREEDOM
Labour MP John Mann 'likely' to rebel and vote for Theresa May's Brexit deal
might check out brexit heartland for a bit
It’s coming fella, sorry
Interesting thing they have in common: both neutralized by pitting the population against each other. Now who could possibly benefit from that?
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
#Poland calls for some 'give' from #Brussels on #May's deal #Brexit #EU
love Neil
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
They remain under the EU regulator for Open Skies. And for airworthiness certification of their airframes.
The MP's expenses scandal was shameful enough, but what Parliament is doing now to stop Brexit is far worse. Add the two together and our politics isn't fit for purpose. A political revolution is needed.
Ahead of meaningful vote on Tuesday, I wrote something about how everyone is rubbish and the UK really deserves better
KEEP PRESSURE ON EUROPHILE MPs &amp; SUPPORT BREXITEERS AHEAD OF VOTE Take a min &amp; email this letter. Demand they vote down Mays dire deal which means re-obeying all EU law post-Brexit with no way to escape. All efforts help. Thanks! *DOWNLOAD PDF OR IMAGE
From there limited prospective!
Proper Brexit means Brexit kind of manager, needs to manage our pro clubs
So why is she trying so hard to keep us locked in? WTO Brexit is the answer. EU already want an FTA. It is May and her “advisors” who have scuppered that.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
#General Election could bring another minority gov - IMO we haven’t credible party People’s vote/Ref. maybe equally split I’m for #NoDeal &amp;National Gov - honour original #Referendum to get out of this mess - who will step forward &amp; take charge #Tory #Labour or other #brexit
James Wade is most definitely a massive gammon brexit twat
sounds reasonable
Sorry to be ignorant but what is a zizek
But...but... Brexit means Brexit.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
#brexit: Senior Tories said on Saturday that they could not see how the prime minister could win the meaningful vote “in any circumstances” and that a defeat by less than 100 would now be regarded as the best she could hope for. #revokeA50 #remain
Surely this is the point where Nigel Farage promised to return and save Brexit. The remainers are having a field day!
Yes, but at increased cost &amp; complexity. Some businesses are barely surviving as it is, Brexit will put them down.
Voters currently identifying with either Brexit or Remain more so than a party, hence favourable polling numbers for Labour. People are loss averse, they want to keep what they have got, so when it comes to actually voting they will vote for the party that gives them security.
Im on one today.. But WTF!!! why is the UK letting Switzerland dictate our Brexit deal? Who the fuck are switzerland ?? This Government is going to fuck the people over.. again
What do you think? Look in to the matter and identify the person, they were quick to identify James Goddard why not this person? They could interview #Soubry's #ChiefofStaff and ask the Police what is going on. #BBC #Marr #NigelFarage #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
And on EU protectionist tariffs I can’t do better than - starting with this
Interviewer: “Boris why did you not attempt to address or resolve the issue of the northern Ireland border during the referendum?’” Boris: “we love Ireland, we buy 78 thousand tonnes of Irish cheese each year” Boris Johnson is actually something else my god!
I wish more politicians &amp; commentators would be brave enough to repeat Kellner's point #Brexit was the will of the dead #Bremain is the will of the people
"May says voting against Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in democracy" Could pan out like aftermath of Civil Rights protests in N Ireland? No democratic route?
Lol and another one #smh Brexit does not equate xenophobia
It’s certainly not convincing, are we really playing Brexit football , neither IN or Out
Can someone tell me what the difference between voting for May at 2017 GE and voting for corbyn in a possible 2019 GE would be? Both promising the same thing, a mythical good brexit that it not even within thier gift. Labour won’t get in without campaigning to remain.
We are just over 11 weeks away from a no deal Brexit and this is the sum total of work. more absurd everyday
No, he's not. Brexit is a local issue, affecting everything. It is engaging the work of most of the civil service. Brexit or the NHS, Red or Blue you cannot have both. If you don't understand this, you need to read more. Corbyn has lost scotland. He cannot win a GE. Period.
#BollocksToBercow Let's put that on a sticker.
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
Brexit: The Musical
She is a traitor 2 her own constituency and they should ask 4 another referendum 2 vote her out of office. But do u think she would let that happen???? I say no. But yet she wants a second referendum on brexit. I call that double standards
Worth remembering the withdrawal agreement is needed in order to get to any EU exit scenario other than 'no deal'. So why doesn't the Govt simply de-couple it from the political declaration? Would call Labour's bluff on Brexit. More here:
Nothing with Roy Hattersley in the headline is a 'must read'
I was asked to take part in a study looking at the probably impact of Brexit in pro-Leave stronghold #Mansfield by the London School of Economics. Here is a short film they have produced. Makes for very disturbing viewing
Being a member state of the EU never needed fixing in the first place, this entire issue has cost billions when those billions could have gone into no deposit and #interestfreehomes for all #lowincomefamilies We have thrown 30 billion into the brexit nonsense with no ROI?
You need to have a day off mate. I know you’re pro EU and all that, but do you not have an actual life? Have you no other hobbies or friends you can go and have a pint with? Maybe watch a football game? Some good German footy on if you don’t like Brexit Britain’s football.
Cool. Maybe he'll stop actively blocking the deal now then.
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote
The country might run low on supplies of Botox post Brexit. He hasn’t thought this through.
He wants a deal that requires Brexit. Labour’s own policy fails its own tests.
Coming back to this, what should the question in a #People'sVote be? Is there a way of allowing all sides to feel heard and the worst possible outcome to be averted?
Now that you've failed to deliver Brexit, Theresa, and that little matter is firmly behind us, I want to focus on your constantly telling whoppers, your hated of foreigners and your pathetic begging and crying when you don't get your evil way. It's most unbecoming in our gals.
Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May's deal is voted down
My favourite #Brexit words do not include ‘taking back control’. Oh no. I most use these: Unicornology Cakeism and Catastrofuck
Apart from both parties went on brexit pleage which equalled 80% of general election vote fact
I agree! I love , one of the best if not the best online retailer. I hope I can still shop with you after Brexit...
No matter what happens with #Brexit the rat race will carry on-! After all the people that it all really affects is the everyday people who our used to fuel the likes of the #queen
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Interesting how you routinely chastise pro-Corbyn supporters because on one issue (Brexit) they support remain rather than a brexit that is powered by disaster capitalists and xenephobic nationalists. And after March will see our employment protections erased. Progressive.
I could have told you what a man like Warnock would have said before he said it. Handily, it's not people like him that'll be affected very much
"The far-right wouldn't want someone who looks like me" says &amp; finds it "astonishing" we should allow fear of far-right to determine UK #Brexit policy - after Transport Sec Chris Grayling warned blocking Brexit could fuel populist extremism
Can I just say that I think both of you are a complete disgrace. We had a vote and the majority want to leave the EU so get on with it! If you are incapable then move aside and let people who want Brexit to lead us.
Why is British culture so risk-adverse? It starts at the top. #MPs are too timid to give the people what they voted for re Brexit. Show some courage, respect the vote! #risk #Brexit #respectthevote #UKPolitics #Westminster
'To hell with the rest of the world': Cardiff boss Neil Warnock launches passionate Brexit rant #cardiffcity #bluebirds
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
I agree. The new language requirements set by the NMC are definitely holding up RN’s obtaining a PIN as timely as in the past. I believe also just the sheer volume of administration required is another factor
He’s a liar and a treacherous piece of work who cares not for his country. He is more aligned with Russia. Awful man
weird that the Dutch government have made my situation post Brexit and the British government has done sweet fuck all
Piers Morgan, Alan Brazil, Neil Warnock, Richard Keys. Locked in an air raid shelter together. Which one goes DEFCON Gammon first? #PiersMorgan #AlanBrazil #NeilWarnock #RichardKeys #Brexit #Gammon
Make as many bullshit videos as you want! If you don’t #stopbrexit you’re a bunch of and we will not vote for you!
Further proof (if you needed it) that Colin is an out of touch dinosaur. Carragher &amp; Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit via
Well in Carra. Top darts.
via 'Leave or Remain?' Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question #UK_News
The people have spoken - having a mini peoples’ vote outside Putney Exchange #Brexit
Rebel MPs 'plot coup to seize control of Brexit and sideline May' - Evening Standard
Sounds like a poor attempt by Downing Street to scare everyone into backing May's dreadful 'deal'. But then again, so many in the Westminster bubble have revealed their utter contempt for democracy and the electorate, you can't rule anything out. #brexit
It's almost impossible to predict just how Brexit will unfold but pretty much everything suggests we'll end up with the worst scenario possible because we are just that useless
Here’s what’s worrying about all #British #politicians - Not just #JeremyCorbyn - They don’t speak as if they understand legal matters / the law. Are they stupid or disingenuous OR (IN MY VIEW) BOTH?!
Just wondering if this is the Brexit dividend?
This ‘you-were-just-frustrated,-dear’ slogan should bring those Leave crossover voters flooding in.
It wouldn’t stop that shit. The DoH have openly stated that they cannot guarantee the supply of medicines into the UK post a hard Brexit and they are stockpiling refrigerators. It’s easy to be blasé about these things if they don’t affect you
Only May has the power to stop Brexit by revoking A50. If her deal gets defeated then 2 choices left 1. Alllow no deal to pass by default 2. Revoke A50 If she does 1 the markets will crash and we will be in a depression that would make the Tories unelectable for decades
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
Okay Brexit.
The latest The Scandalworld Gazette! Thanks to #piraten #brexit
I see Sky News has a Brexit vote countdown clock and it just reminds me of this. #Sasamach
The British people won't be scared into backing a woeful Brexit deal nobody voted for
so obvious how the whole BBC news are going heavy on stopping Brexit with all their headlines and choice of words, adjectives, whole slant on the political situation.
They won’t win will campaign, in a GE, for #Brexit, then deliver it when they do tho EU highly unlikely to accept their impossible plan What they may well do is give Tories 5 more years, with a majority
On #Marr today Jeremy Corbyn declared that "WTO rules don't exist". Please could you fact check this claim and explain what happens with regards to the WTO if there is a no-deal Brexit? Thank you.
Could someone PLEASE let me know when all the #Brexit shambles is finally OVER, sick of hearing all the same old deal/no deal/deal/no deal shit #couldntorganiseapissupinabrewery
And if brexit goes ahead the left will definitely drop it, never to be heard about again
"We can run a campaign highlighting how the EU has been a force for good for generations – boosting our living standards, strengthening workers’ rights and acting as the greatest movement for peace and democracy the world has ever seen" Yes. This.
Gringotts bank bastard. He looks like he's been put together with paper mache and sausage meat.
Really? and have a brexit strategy? Can you spell it out for us Northern members? I haven’t seen any evidence of one so since 2016.
If he sits back and let's Brexit happen he'll never sit at the head of a labour government.
The argument has moved on beyond the will of the people. It was like offering on a house purchase and then finding out it’s built on a haunted graveyard from a #StephenKing novel. #brexitchaos #BrexitShambles #brexit
It may be necessary for the Brexiteers to bring down to government to prevent parliament from denying us the Brexit we voted for. I hope they have the political courage otherwise the stitch up between remainers and Bercow will prevail.
All I'm saying lol I was referring to Wales online headline mate not on anything you posted. I'm interested in how we are going to score goals play better look like premier League side not on his attitude to Brexit. Strange how he's pro leave when scouring Europe for players tho.
The making good on those slogans will have the opportunity to be delivered once Brexit has been enacted. Stop revisiting the campaign. I know your brain seems incapable of understanding this but it's been over for more than two years.
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
Alistair lives in Denmark
Bye then. Glad you’re leaving. Still hope the rest of you will stay... #remain #nobrexit #brexir #finalvote #FBPE
'The Euro is a suicide pact' Economist Prof. Steve Keen on Brexit &amp; Euro... via #EUROat20
The dipsticks running the country haven`t a plan for leaving with a No deal yet that should have been a priority the day after the Brexit vote. sometimes I wonder if the Lunatics are running the Asylum.
U won’t understand as remainers are slaves to ££££ , but there’s a lot more to making money in life for the majority.
zvakutotanga in a few months even donor money will reduce especially after Brexit
There iiiisss a Far Left defense of Brexit: That said, i think it might be too risky :[
Just heard #ChrisGrayling on 1pm news talking about a crisis of democracy if Brexit is stopped by the government. No minister! it’s called LEADERSHIP It’s not for cabinet to blindly ‘carry out the will of the people’ if it knows that it’s not in the best interests of the country
#JacobReesMogg #Brexit You are heavily invested in emerging markets with little or no protection of workers &amp; wages; terrified of the incoming EU tax avoidance legislation, an advocate of disaster capitalism and/or poised to make a killing on a tanking pound.
Brexit brings surprise boost for Bulgarian resorts
In a final act of betrayal, a cross-party Remainer alliance has conspired to kill off Brexit via
In case you fancy yet another article about Bo-Jo being his usual, clueless, idiotic self...
All while Putin laughs! England was played just like Americans. While both countries are “paralyzed” Putin &amp; China are making moves to ensure both are no longer world leaders
Britain deserves better than this Brexit mess Join us live on Monday at 7pm
Well she’s a #Brexit supporting chocolate fireguard
Labour still pushing the view that the EU will agree a radically different Brexit deal. That's misleading voters. False hopes.
Useful 3-minute BBC romp through what *might* happen in the earth moving #Brexit votes on Tuesday evening (Jan 15). Speaker, obvs, will call the shots! Starts 7.25mins in: Thanks to BBC #r4bh programme this morning.
When will Chris Grayling understand his bunch of Tories already are a 'gutter politics' far right party? #Austerity, giving migrants a 'hostile reception'... They created #Brexit and are the problem. It's never been the (far from perfect) EU.
'Treason May' threatens lawmakers to back her deal or it will be "Catastrophic for Britain" #TheGreatBritishRebellion #WakeUp #NoDeal #UK #UnitedKingdom #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
No David, the trouble is you see the Spectator as independent. I see it as owned by a couple of extremely wealthy tax exiles who have delegated leadership to a died in the wool Brexiteer. None will suffer from Brexit, indeed it will protect their wealth.
You lot are well gone up here. When Corbyn pushes for Brexit the latest polls show you dropping to 15%. Come back when you know anything about Scottish politics
His is the face of “Leave” even before Brexit.
What democracy?. PMs are in general a bunch of arrogant, self serving leeches. I will never vote again ifcwe are betrayed on Brexit
This is hilarious.. #Idiots
Unbelievable until you see it! #brexit #rightwing #Violence
#UK #Brexit The British people won't be scared into backing a woeful Brexit deal nobody voted for
He is not getting my vote unless he changes his stance on #Brexit. I know I am just one vote but in a very tight marginal labour seat. Every little helps
We and always have been one of the biggest and most reliable contributors to the EU, much the same as our NATO payments We're a huge source of income to the EU so even if things didn't work out with Brexit they'd welcone us (and our chequebook) back with open arms
If you needed any more confirmation then here it is. Corbyn wants Brexit, which I'm sure the ones who did research and know his background already knew.
The brexit she is trying to deliver is not the brexit we voted for in 2016. She is clearly fuckin deluded.
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
#GuyFawkes was onto something. I wouldn’t mind seeing something similar...except succeeding this time.
Found it quite funny and ironic, then saw this tweet:
I am a long-time admirer of your work but have to profoundly disagree with you on Corbyn. He is for #brexit, which will deliver a right-wing agenda, hit many of the poorest people in the UK hardest. His policies are resurrected largely unreconstructed from the mid-1970s.
But he won't tell you why or what he'd do to avoid this presumed catastrophe. The bloke is a wanker. Just be honest if you want Brexit. If you don't, say that too. Don't say nothing and sit on the fence. That's arguably just as bad. Just fuck Brexit off anyway. Bored of it all.
All these things and more will be lost or damaged due to Brexit.
Remainer MPs plot Brexit 'coup' to take control of Commons business via
What a moron BJ is
To hell with the rest of the world says a manager of a club owned by a Malaysian, with irish, French, Spanish, Danish, Icelandic etc players, who was last week in France trying to sign an Argentine player......
Mangina Man rants... this is why we can’t have nice things and have Brexit instead...
Personally I thought it was just so the health and safety guy didn’t get on my back at work
The Brexit take we were ALL waiting for.
Oh god please do not delay #Brexit I am bloody sick of it - Universal Crudit - the NHS - Education - Business - is more important.
U.K. Labour leader agrees no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
When Corbyn speaks of ‘investment’ what he means is ‘borrowing.’ #Brexit #Labourshambles #Marr
The Deal is not Brexit FFS!
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
Radio 4 presenter annoyed when chairman port of Calais said preparations were in place &amp; were ready, did not fit in with BBC scare tactics narrative hoping to stop brexit, “the trucks will be passing as they do today”
Nobody is listening Vince you and your career politician friends days are numbered,this whole debacle has outed you all.
Corbyn loses his rag. That’s almost a tautology, because the man is constantly irascible and tetchy. Unless his ‘flocks’ are lauding him.
No, it would be our representative democracy doing what is in the best interest of the country. The long term prosperity of the country is more important than the whim of the people on a non- binding Referendum result.
If Steve was a decent parent he wouldn’t force his views on Brexit onto a child
Actually, I think she is using them to legitimise what her de facto bosses are pushing. Full control of the tax heavens and continue tax avoidance in UK. Something that EU is starting to look at! Hence #brexit regardless of collateral damage! We must #StopBrexit and stay in #EU!
It is undemocratic to have a referendum at the behest of the political elite in order to overturn a previous one that has not been implemented. You are neither liberal nor a democrat if you can't see this.
Brexit is due in 11 weeks and Britain remains a divided nation
Had my wages cut by 25% in the last 4 years, was earning more 10 years ago. Once brexit kicks in everyone many more people will be struggling, long as you get your big pay hike eh.
Best brexit analogy. Now add into the fact we have to bargain with ATC while in freefall....
Any brexiteer that thinks #brexit is the will of the people here is an idea for you... Come up with a way forward Get 16,141,242 or more people to back it Problem solved.
#wato May ain't gonna get a unity government under Corbyn, and the anti-Semitic lies and continuous red Tory backstabbing ain't working. There's no brexit plan B,.so what's the plan B to oust Corbyn?
He's not acting against the will of his constituency though. He's backing Brexit. He's not saying we should stay in the EU. He's acting against the will of a handful of people in his constituency who seem to have decided Norway are in the EU
#Brexit deal is #Remain: it's worse than Remain! So why threaten that not backing her deal could result in Remain? Such a disingenuous bunch of hypocrites in parliament there has never been before. They're the 'pits'. And beware, #democracy really is under threat.
Neil Warnock is asked a question, He answers it, but it's doesn't fit Liberal views it's a "rant" and "extraordinary". The bias is just embarrassing at this stage. #Brexit #SkySport #NeilWarnock #PremierLeague
He buggers up the trains but is an agricultural expert? Is there no beginning to his stunning capabilities?
Like William Keegan "with many others, I find myself watching the behaviour of the leader of the Labour party with hard-to-describe feelings. On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?
#booknews: Protect your 2019 travel against any Brexit cost or chaos: from currency to flights to passports #books #book
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK. Make me sick to my stomach! This is Britain today!!
Bullshit. JLR are losing 5000 because of lack of demand from China and the fall in diesel car sales. Blaming Brexit is lazy journalism as per usual. Look how many car plants shut before Brexit was even a idea. Rover, Vauxhall, Peugeot but to name a few. Was that Brexits fault?
The commons rotten to the core, there definitely should be a public enquiry. Brexit didn’t break the country, remoaners did.
Warnock is a myopic, miserable, caricature of himself these days. And he wasn’t a bag of sunshine to begin with. This is elite-level ignorant bollocks.
This government is a disgrace, the sooner they go the better.
Labour MPs have been told to prepare for Corbyn to table a dramatic and immediate vote of no confidence in Theresa May’s government as early as Tuesday evening in an attempt to force a general election if – as expected – she suffers a heavy defeat this week on her Brexit deal.
#brexit#conservativeparty#labourparty#libdems#scotishnationalparty#peoplesvote I live in Devon I am a member of the Labour Party. It's both a disgrace &amp; a blessing that this women appears 2 be the only person educated &amp; intrepid enough to take on this shambolic government.
To be fair, I think your evaluation of £20M may be right once post Brexit inflation kicks in.
That is a very difficult question. I see only two options. Leave on the withdrawal deal, or don’t leave. I don’t think Parliament supports no deal. If you had the third option of leave on no deal it would divide the Brexit vote and that would upset the Brexiters.
And tweet pictures of them as they start to emerge! #PeoplesVote
No-deal Brexit only way to get back control of borders, claims Iain Duncan Smith | Metro News
HMRC won't up to the utter mess it has created on VAT because of the risk of cross contamination into the enforcement action on Customs Duties failures by the European Commision. Now add Brexit! And once again VAT Split Payments as smokescreen
Not irrelevant at all, to repeat AGAIN both parties are expected to keep to the manifestos they stood on, especially in an issue as important as Brexit, both major parties stood on manifestos promising to carry out Brexit. Not my fault that YOU don't understand that.
“Personally I want to stop Brexit and I'd love to vote Labour.” That’s my problem as well. I agree with Corbyn on everything but Brexit, but I think Brexit is the issue with the biggest potential harm (it will exacerbate austerity, harm homelessness charities, harm the NHS, etc.)
Finally, after 2 years, received a letter a letter about Brexit! An event that can potentially have massive consequences for me as a Brit on the mainland. Shame it doesn’t really provide much clarity...
There can be NO NO DEAL BREXIT. we either have the negotiated deal. Or we revert to the STATUS QUO REMAIN IN THE EU
Corbyn speaks up to support the Speaker as he abandons his constitutional responsibility and displays clear prejudice on Brexit. #LIBERTY
I have no doubt Thanet DC are hoping Mr Grayling will find the money for them.
“It’s great that we can get players from all over the world” You do realise that the EU is not the WHOLE of the world. Brexit WONT stop players coming to the UK.
Outside EU you mean? If we brexit, there will be limited scope for any of these, which is why I’m always frustrated with Corbyn’s supporters who don’t see there can’t be another radical platform alongside Brexit.
Slapping “TV” or “PRESS” credentials on your clothing could you get a kicking in France. This from Rouen in Normandy yesterday. Unfortunately, it seems more of this likely. Maybe in the UK too as Brexit and Remain heads harden.
Vince here from the Liberal DEMOCRATS struggling to understand why someone who like him said they'd honour a referendum result still wants to honour a referendum result.
Position certainly utilized!!
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay on Brexit no deal 'challenges'
The Irish airforce ..lol Dublin Won't allow UK planes to fly.. remember..? Viva #Brexit
Neil Warnock on Brexit and Richard Keys telling a manager to pay for players with his own money What a Sunday to be alive, per Twitter trending Appears Ruby Wax isn't making any new friends either
This seems like a willful misrepresentation of Corbyn's comment.
Then it won't be 'the only chance of Brexit we'll ever get'. Mrs May's deal removes is from that right to Leave. It traps us forever at the EU's whim.
But he lost that election in 2017, Brexit has already been negotiated, I don't get how this position is remotely plausible.
Neil Warnock uses colourful language but his frustration will be shared by many right across the country. We held a referendum, we voted to leave, politicians must now get on with it and deliver #Brexit
Out of curiosity, are there any signals Scotland will leave Britain to join the EU if no/shit deal Brexit happens?
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
What has homosexuality got to do with an argument about #Brexit? #wato
Clown.
As Lib Dems, we demand better than Brexit
I liked been acused of been thick racist and uneducated. Im from hull weve just had the city of culture, and the next time you look at your lcd display guess what town invented that #hull voted leave 67% were not uneducated or racist just right #brexit
Oh no!!!!!!!!
and in two years time it will still be a shambles and the #FBPE community will continue to remind you.
Has anybody at #CardiffCity dared mention to him that there's a growing push for Welsh independence, and then Wales might join the EU and then he'd be back to square one...?
First secure government committed to negotiating a deal with EU favouring working people. It will take time. Tory #Brexit is solely for the rich.
NEast biz leaders large &amp; small to be joined by world leading NE academic leaders at #NEbusiness4PV event on Monday. Scores sign letter for people to have informed choice now that Brexit options clear with each confirmed to inflict great damage v huge advantages of status quo
I'm afraid some Yes folk are being as blindly delusional over the FM's actions in the Salmond case as some Corbynites are over Labour's Brexit position.
Remember when a holiday to America would pay for itself by bringing back a suitcase full of Nike Jordan to flog? Trying to find the sunny uplands of Brexit, gonna sell unicorns to the Spanish!
Revoke Article 50 and cancel Brexit, says former prime minister John Major
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
Neil Warnock sounding like most pro Brexit supporters here. "To hell with the rest of the world" ... The official motto of the Brexit campaign.
If Labour call a vote of no confidence and they win,all of us who voted Leave should vote conservative,that would ensure no Labour government and we would then get Brexit,politician's seem to have forgot who decides who runs this country,need to tell them. WE RUN OUR COUNTRY
Why not put on your bifocals and actually READ the article? It's from 2013. This is the future we could have had, before Brexit screwed everything.
MoD sends planners to ministries over post-Brexit border fears #BusinessNews
Sounds just like the only logical way forward. Hardly a “plot”. Our parliamentary democratic processes have been shown up badly in Brexit as arcane, convoluted and mired in centuries of obfuscation. And with no badly needed constitution.
John Bercow is a hero!
NEWS: Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Just seen Niel warnut do his confrunseel an he talkt aboot Brexit !! Face if Brexit wants us to leeve n if he was priminsteer we’d of had a deel by now ! #Brexit #Warnut4UK
His constituents complain about MPs acting like children, not working with TM. Halfon talks about how opposed to May's deal he is, yet goes on to set out his plan for Brexit which is at the very least least compatible with, but almost definitely requires, May's deal.
Alexa... Show me a person who is just like my dad and has my exact opposite world view. The oracle Neil Warnock has spoken #neilwarnock #brexit #BrexitShambles To hell with the rest of the world': Neil Warnock attacks government's ... via
I understand why many are opposed to May's deal: they either want to Remain, or they want a WTO Brexit and think they can handle No Deal. But most MPs don't fall into either of those categories - so why would they be opposed to May's deal?
My leave MP (now Minister) was unable or unwilling to state what kind of Brexit he wanted. On door step said 'best possible deal' and waffle about trade with India.
So many ‘read this blog’... ‘read this THREAD:’ demands on an imploding Brexit-ridden, angsty- Twitter... but this article should be read, its excellent:
The people where lied too about what it would do, with help from Russia
Of course Brits do not have a DEMOCRACY. They have a MONARCHY. USA does not have a Democracy either.. we have a Constitutional Republic IF WE CAN KEEP IT.
A chunk of it no doubt belonging to Jacob Rees-Mogg, John Redwood, etc.
Thus is powerful stuff: is really sympathetic and insightful, emotional and appalled that her Leave vote - made in good faith for the NHS - has made life so difficult for Brits in the EU 27 and the EU27 citizens in the UK
But, is it worse than a ‘no-deal’ #Brexit? Ps - it does get better!
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
Brexit means Brexit.....
Bravo !! An eloquent rejection of Brexit that is both passionate and well-reasoned. If there is a second vote, can we please have Mr.Lammy in charge
"I refuse to share a country with 17.4 million Brexiteers, so I ate them all."
PUBLIC KNOWLEDGE.
That nasty #Corbyn temper surfaces as usual. He's panicking, pressurised and ignorant. #Marr
“I actually think of all the things we could have been getting done as a country while we’ve been going through this.” Spot on from . Brexit has turned into a disastrous distraction &amp; the Govt’s deal would only result in years more uncertainty, arguments &amp; division
A soft Brexit would certainly be less monumental an event than Roger Helmer lifting a finger to help keep the home tidy
Is anyone surprised
We have always have been one of the biggest and most reliable contributors to the EU, much the same as our NATO payments We're a huge source of income to the EU so even if things didn't work out with Brexit they'd welcone us (and our chequebook) back with open arms
As the EU continues its descent into dictatorial Leviathan-state the debates over Brexit seem more bizarre. The UK has one foot out the prison gate and is thinking about going back in.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
May warns of catastrophe if MPs Vincent Janssen't back Brexit deal
Neil Warnock urges government to deliver Brexit and says he ‘can’t wait to leave’ - The Independent
That's what Labour grass roots in Wales &amp; the country want but your leader is about to play a trick on the PLP by callig a vote of no confidence &amp; use it as a support for his brexit.Think hard, as the country will be clearing out many Labour MPs to stop Corbyn in a GE. Ppl's Vote
|I we got rid of all the EU players and managers from the Premiership, Warnock's teams would still face relegation regularly.
100% just not her ersatz Brexit but out of the customs union single market and free from the ECJ
Britain needs to save us from this awful government and stop Brexit.
No Brexit is better than any Brexit
Negotiations are over Viv. The choices are no-deal Apocalypse, brexit catastrophe or keep our jobs , food and sanity if we Revoke Article 50.
Absolutely like a responsible opposition
Today's Sunday afternoon reading consists of a very interesting article about how UK sport will be affected by Brexit. Seems like the bigger a clubs budget, the less it will be impacted. Good read.
If you’re a Civil Engineer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The brilliant : #Brexit was a roar for change - and #Britain is capable of so much more than this #EU
Brexit is for everyone. Freedom and sovereignty is priceless for all of us Brits no matter our background. Without it we are nothing.
Tories on brink: Historic split looms as Brexiteers and Remainers threaten to torpedo government via
This was ages ago.
UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn wants vote to topple PM Theresa May as Brexit defeat looms
We haven't endorsed May's deal. We're worried that Brexit is going to be thwarted.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal BBC News The government has made a *fresh* plea to MPs get behind Theresa May's Brexit deal in Tuesday's crucial Commons vote. A group of MPs are understood to be ...
Latest News Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
'Get us out': Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up
It's funny reading all the manipulative tweets about Neil Warnock in regard to Brexit. Why do you all find it necessary to mention foreigners i.e. foreign club owners &amp; players? Brexit doesn't mean stopping immigration, but having the powers to control it.
How can you say the Tories are a pro Brexit party when the leader is a remainer ?
Very much to the point but it doesn’t fit your Brexit extremist position. As a journalist do you have a duty to be objective or only publish items that suit your views?
It's not his generation or age that is the problem. It's his views and attitude towards the world, including his views on foreigners. Harry Redknapp (whether Brexit or Remain) is the same generation and far more intelligent and enlightened than this man.
Good news that anti-democrats are leaving the mainstream parties and parking themselves off in irrelevance. Our politics after #Brexit will be all the better for it. Hope this trend continues.
Must have been campaigning for a labour government their whole lives. In my case, 1983; also on a Brexit platform and also when we got slaughtered. Didn’t help the poor and homeless much.
Femi you need to accept that you helped brexit happen too by wasting far too much time attacking Corbyn which makes remain a negative campaign and negative campaigns don't inspire, they are losing strategies, this truth is going to make you kick yourself in a few weeks.
Depressing levels of ignorance. Leave politicians have lied to you #Brexit
BBCNEWS 5:11am BREXIT VOTE WARNING 7. Jeremy Corbyn: No-deal Brexi! would be catastrophic' I BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Labour to table...
Amazing still just how many "Leaders" and "Senior Politicians" still haven't grasped the (simple) fundamentals of the #EU and #Brexit and still trot this crap out.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley: A cobbled-together, unwritten constitution is a major reason why no one knows how to take control and guide us out of this… #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident
If you want to understand the non-xenophobic case for #brexit this is a must listen to - What BBC won't tell you about Brexit: Decline of Britain since 1973 EEC ... via
I've watched the interview and not once does he talk about the opinions of the rest of the world just the process of brexit
NO - becos her gotta incompetence has failed to adequately plan for any alternative scenario other than staying in ! Therefore the country needs more time to deliver a Brexit...... or whatever
Warnock has always been a prick to be fair. This confirms it some more.
The snobbery approach. Smh
Because after 10 ys of Tory austerity &amp; following an unnecessary referendum, a right wing Tory issue &amp; minority UKIP yelling point - the EU - has become the scapegoat for all the UK's ills. It's garbage. We need to boot out the Tories &amp; remain. Just 2 years to prove them wrong
“Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote” ...by putting on his glasses to admire the black door from a safe distance. Which is the closest he’s getting to Number 10.
Maajid. As we have had a referendum and the vote was to leave. That his now the default option. Would Remain need to have 60% of the vote to stay in ? #Brexit
BBC News - Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
Well if we can get the cops on side, but they are busy at the mo. Anna Soubry is crying about being shouted at so they are busy arresting people for no good reason and standing about with automatic weapons daring anyone else to say a word. Bit like Nazi Germany once upon a time.
the EU can to take a break...UK's a call to 'take a break from Brexit' for a general election will be symbolic on 29 March ... .eat well and sleep well!
MPs Attempting to Wrest Control of Brexit! via
But they havent failed to come up with a deal. Not voting for it is seen by your crew solely as a way to try to stop brexit. The country voted to leave. If tbere is to be a vote then Mays deal or WTO deal is the only way.
You should probably research the work that’s been done on the other side of the channel to prepare for a no deal Brexit. If you think that a no deal Brexit will result in free trade with the EU from the off, then you’ve not been paying attention.
It's only dangerous when mixed with propaganda. This was one of the big lessons of WWII. Germany learned this lesson, the USA and UK did not. #brexit #trump
After March 29th Brexit will be delayed. Mays vote will fail on Tuesday. Parliament are never going to allow no deal. Fingers crossed for cancelling of article 50 or people's vote.
I understand Grieve is more French than British so that probably explains his sycophantic love of the EU
2/ Nothing will be certain though until the deal fails once/twice/Mayzillion times and since there's no deal, no way to have no deal, no way to have GE, what else is there to choose from. I like to think that this was planned all along, but honestly don't think so #Brexit #nodeal
How stupid was this government for not starting the Brexit process with the most meaningful meaningless vote to gauge which position MPs would and would not support?
A Momentum activist, Michael Chessum, spokesman for the leftwing anti-Brexit campaign Another Europe is Possible, said that if Labour won the ...
A question we’re getting asked all the time at the moment is how will Brexit impact the fishing industry? Here’s a short blurb of where our heads are at the moment. A couple of weeks…
Same here , I'll back a party who will deliver leaving in March as advertised . Also known as Brexit , over to you Mr Farage.
"Let me get this straight.... a nation is voting not to be free?"
It’s clear Brexit can’t be delivered &amp; the government isn’t capable of delivering a deal that’s good for the U.K. At this point in time everything economically says we should stop.
May's deal is Brexit with a sensible transition.
If anti-Brexit coup is successful what will you do? I’m trying to gauge whether UK will get of our butts to protest like France. Only want genuine responses &amp; please RT for wider audience. I am a mum of 3 young kids but I WILl take to the streets to voice my disgust. You?
I absolutely agree and I will do the same. Having spoke with many leave voters they too for the first time ever are thinking of taking to the streets. How the hell did we get to this stage?
This is defo the new #ProjectFear, this time coming from the failing Tory government "May says voting against Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in democracy"
The British population has been fed so much misinformation &amp; twisted information. The EU should be held responsible for meddling in internal affairs as they have done consistently thoughout. #Brexit preparation should have been made for an unconditional exit.
#UK #NoDeal #Brexit only way to get back control of borders, claims Iain Duncan Smith
Well said
Labour MP John Mann 'likely' to rebel and vote for Theresa May's Brexit deal
I think a lot of people voted for brexit to save money, not to be poorer.
This #brexit mess effectively boils down to one thing: 52% does not equal 100% It’s basic arithmetic really.
‘Leave or Remain?’ Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Br #answer #brexit #corbyn #news #breakingnews
Relax, that's dollars. It's only £800,000,000,000.
SandersRogersJonesLennartRobin wants to wipe out Riexinger, and then Rogers will make German exit from EU as a revenge, so now Jones is performing what is called "Brexit". Why UK helps Rogers to swindle for so many years?!!
The unforgivable breach was not fully investigating fully the various breaches of electoral law &amp; allegations of foreign interference that undermines the legitimacy of the entire Brexit process
One of the ways to make them shudder with great fear is for all of the true brexit parties to call a press conference and then work under one banner
I'm conservative and blame successive governments for screwing this country over for decades and the only time people had a voice tbey voted Brexit, to tak back control and to start rewriting the wrongs
What a pity there wasn't a more balanced debate on the public service broadcaster featuring the informed people who have been pointing out the consequences ever since May proposed Article 50 without a plan and announced impossible red lines. But never mind eh.
It's quite simple: 1. Loudly but ineffectually oppose the govt on Brexit 2. Crash out of EU with no deal 3. Say "Labour would have done it better" 4. Win next GE Corbyn wants out of the EU. He just knows it's suicide to actually be at the helm for it. I hate politics
Food for thought. Why the case for Remain needs to be made really clearly. A real pity that those who should be making it are too busy triangulating election chances
If young people think Brexiters screwed up their future they ain’t seen nothing yet. If Tory MPs frustrate Brexit then I for one will punish then by voting contrary wise for Corbyn or UKIP. Either way if Corbyn gets in they won’t have any future!
The human embodiment of Brexit?
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit – BBC Sport
After Cameron resigned this plot must have been hatched, that’s why May was elected. However May has made us one promise, Brexit.
has gone over to the Stupid Dark Side.
Britain deserves better than this Brexit mess Join us live on Monday at 7pm .news source: LibDems
Labour MP says he will ‘likely’ back May’s Brexit deal after being wooed with workers’ rights promises - PoliticsHome
May has no plan B, and Corbyn will forever sit on the fence! I can’t see him jumping down anytime soon! - More’s the pity! To think I used to really believe in him!
by the way the Independent is not pro brexit
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit – BBC Sport
Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve
Corbyn wil do anything to secure Brexit, he will not support a people's vote
The first #brexit vote asked people if they wanted to leave somewhere without telling them where they were going if they left. The people deserve a vote on the destination.
Disgusting, wait to democracy is ignored in the #UK #Brexit God help us.
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
Colin Wanker. A blight on football.
Delusional Angleterre Believes we want to stay with them And that a people's vote will force us to stay
Ah yes, another Dan Hodges RT'ing middle class GENIUS who thinks Labour have a big 'stop brexit' button that will automatically make 17 million "xenephobes and little englanders" completely at peace with, &amp; not at all further mobilised by the ostensible subversion of democracy.
So lay out all the options. When you do you find that there aren’t any options that lead anywhere. May and circumstances have cut all the decent options.
I’d vote for anybody that would deliver Brexit. And I mean anybody.
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain
What do you mean you can’t wait to leave? What changes day to day for you?
Labour abstaining from voting when May brings a modified deal back in a few more weeks is the other clear option on the table for him. Soft Brexit goes ahead, Tories still take the blame, just what Corbyn wants.
Opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
And one of Brexit one hopes to
Just as the #Brexit process becomes ever more extraordinary, so 's political columns reach new highs.
I can tell you that Joanna Cherry and MYSELF argued for just this, in the radio, well over a year ago. Events have entrenched the idea of stopping Brexit now - and that’s May’s fault.
Lol nice twist on the Blighty spirit which we can’t use according to remain on brexit because it’s bollocks but can use to try to stop Brexit
It seems to me: 1.#EU Referendum announced; no one says won’t accept result. 2. #Brexit result; surprise, satisfaction, shock. 3.Shock becomes denial. 4.Denial becomes subversion. 5.Subversion used to create chaos. 6.Chaos cited as reason to overturn democracy. Wrong? How?
This is what Brexit has unleashed - probably held those views before but now feel emboldened to spout them everywhere
BBCNEWS 5:12am BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Theresa May pleads with MP5 to back Brexit deal ', I BREXIT VOTE WARNING. PM: Forge! 1he games...
It should not be hard for Remain voting Labour activists like myself to get behind the party in a snap election no matter what the Brexit policy. We did it in 2017 and the only difference now is that the country needs a Labour government even more! #JC4PM
Assume you have no other sources or you would be thrilled to prove me wrong! Thankfully the Majority of the Scottish People do not support &amp;, if ever asked, would support Scotland Remaining in the UK #Brexit #SNP
Retweet, retweet, retweet... These numbers are truly horrifying! Parliament needs to act now! And that includes you - stop this Brexit madness!
If we don’t stop Brexit now, it will affect the country for decades, and it will take ages to get back to where we are now, let alone get better. Austerity (and GEs) come up every 5 years (w/o a VoNC), so failing in one GE (although not good) isn’t as catastrophic as Brexit.
True. Most people are too concerned about Brexit to be following the latest SNP "civil war".
Because thats what we voted for
Brexit: four things you need to know - UK in a changing Europe
Would you do a tv debate on Brexit with Neil Warnock?
What trust? That illusion has shattered long ago dear..
Project Hope needs to be up and running now - no need to wait for whether May stays at No10 or not.
Becoming a parody of himself
Don't know if I've said this already, but the whole "another referendum/stopping Brexit would see a rise of the far-right" would be a lot more credible if there hadn't already been a rise in far-right activity since the one in 2016.
Latest News: Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit Former Liverpool footballer Jamie Carragher and Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit. 2019-01-13 12:46:06Z
Unfortunately, this is not an uncommon mindset, although few are as blatant about it as this prick.
It's even in the Spectator, a pro Brexit paper!
It will be after a general election
If remain is your main focus then Labour arent for you. If you accept is going to suport Brexit then I'd follow him. Let's be honest nobody wants to be a pearl clutching Lib Dem.
. has been putting out stuff in West Derby ward recently. Worth getting you two together so you can work on getting leaflets out.
I think the size of the 'diaspora' in England and the percentage of that group who qualify for an Irish passport has not yet been fully appreciated. The spike in Irish passport applications from that source in last 2 years is nothing to what might follow-
I think a calm discussion of facts would be better in order. No trade economist worth their salt looking at #Brexit wd be inclined to make such a pronouncement. But i guess we are well past politics trumping economics at this point. Not a criticism that last pt, just where we are
Not heard something that stupid since Brexit campagne that we'll save x amount of millions for the NHS if we leave the EU. The manager's job is to manage the team not run the Club clear and simply.
David Davis: Kill Theresa May’s Brexit bill and set Britain free
Neil Warnock being pro Brexit has blown my mind. Did NOT see that coming......
Ration cards and appeals to the stiff upper lip jolly jolly hockysticks etc in 3 2 1
Jeremy Corbyn’s evasions on Brexit are quite shocking- saying Labour will decide its position only once there’s an election called signals that Labour is as incoherent as the Tories on the critical policy issue
So a general election gives a choice of Leave or...Leave. No much of a choice for all those who want to remain. But I suppose that's now democracy UK style.
Brexit uncertainty means companies are more cautious to go public on London's stock exchange, consulting firm EY says
Almost funny how stupid this form of racism is... but what does it have to do with brexit??
You could say whether they’re british carrots or not and segue into Brexit from there. Hey presto!
Lmao originally I thought it stood for Full Brexit Prompt Exit, if only,sadly its nothing of the sort :)
“This is extremely concerning,” a Number 10 source said. “If successful this would give MPs powers to control not only what happens to Brexit legislation but all legislation."
Realistically there are far more civil servant posts being created because of brexit
Parliament is the core and centre of democracy. They have been elected. Her party does not have a majority in parliament. That is not very democratic and gives enormous power to a small northern Irish party, called the DUP which is now holding the whole country to ransom.
This is appalling please get in front of a flipchart FFS
Brexit is a scam, a con, a massive swindle.
Bloody well stop #brexit you load of bananas.
lmfao!!!
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
As1 - Brexit, elections and RHI: Key dates for the 2019 diary
17.4 million. 80% of votes at GE for partys ‘promising’ to deliver Brexit. 500 MPs voted for Article 50. Brexit about to betrayed by corrupt Speaker and Remain centric MPs. The people need to ‘remind’ these traitors who they work for.
This is just sad. Major was a terrible PM. I was so disgusted with him I joined the Labour party, for my shame. He's a banal writer. And his analysis is inept, bordering on mendacity.
I hope Mr. Lawson and the Sunday Times won’t mind me posting this. Whatever your stance on Brexit, this democratic shambles will surely change how we’re governed for generations.
End of days for Theresa May? Countdown to Brexit vote
British carers, caterers, winemakers and more tell of their fears as MPs prepare to vote on Theresa May’s deal Their problems, fears and concerns run the gamut, from the practical to the emotional and the existential to the deeply personal. Ahea... #EUpol
Historical nonsense underpins UK’s Brexit floundering
#NigelFarage: I don't believe #TheresaMay and her cabinet really believe in Brexit
Dragged and dragged for nearly three years, and now plucked a figure from the air.
Marr: "what do you want for brexit?" Corbyn: "a general election" Marr: "what would your brexit position be?" Corbyn: "Destroy Israel" Marr: "what would your brexit position be?" Corbyn: "There's no antisemitism in the Labour Party"
is that why extremely wealthy southern areas voted to leave?
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
The argument has moved on beyond the will of the people. It was like offering on a house purchase and then finding out it’s built on a haunted graveyard from a #StephenKing novel. #brexitchaos #BrexitShambles #brexit
Today's front page. Next week is going to be interesting to watch #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexile
It’s still Brexit so he supports Brexit
Brexit
Gaslighting again? Your government, your Brexit, your mess. This has nowt to do with the ever classy and increasingly statesman like Corbyn, you are negotiating Brexit not him.
This is what Brexit has brought us; emboldened racists....
You would have supported ttip then. The eu would have signed it. Brexit even as is killed it.
Yes, and Trump supporters in the US have the same problem. They want to return to a time when people born in another country or who follow a different religion were treated differently. They cannot accept the principal of equal rights. They are in effect, human dinosaurs.
Anyone just bored to death with.... Brexit? Tories? Labour? Westminster? Bring on Scottish Independence and let's be shot of this farcical situation we find ourselves in thanks to the incompetence of
Nothing to with Brexit you idiot Remainers, still haven't excepted defeat , move on or move out.
. you are my MP. You let us down - in Maidenhead &amp; every UK community - putting your party before country. It’s not too late for you to do the right thing - #RevokeA50 Nothing is more important #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #FBPE
#Brexit needs to be renamed #APoliticalFootballNeverToBeUsed
Ah Nick Cohen, the same man who supported the Iraq invasion - truly a liberal voice
Corbyn offering a pro Brexit general election? That’s Labour ‘up the Swanee’ then.
Corbyn is a disaster. How Labour can be down to Torries in polling after this Brexit fiasco shows he can’t lead a party. Give him the keys to the country? Pass
Going by the finance bill that was voted down, Parliament doesn't want a 'no deal Brexit'. And it is said Parliament won't pass Theresa May's crap deal either; good job seeing as though former MI6 &amp; Defence chiefs say it's a National Security Threat. #Marr
The British people have *already* reconsidered. However they are reliant upon their MPs to find a way in which the *current* opinion on Brexit can be formally recognised and be used to inform the actions taken by #HMG and parliament.
This must be the most unlikely outcome of all: Corbyn agreeing a cake and eat it Lexit because he’s had some good conversations with the EU!!! What a joke this man is.# #Lexit#
It's not Brexit Britain most likely to have a recession. It's Germany
Brexit can absolutely make it worse for them. They're barely making ends meet now, they won't be able to make them meet post exit. When they lose their jobs and houses, lose their healthcare, their social benefits support, believe me they have a long way to drop yet.
No shit!? Ah wait a minute, the radical change could have come through Brexit, where we made you guys really accountable again and that our votes meant our laws. If you did a crap job then you couldn’t blame the EU or the world; policy of a Customs Union, good for something then!
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
Ah. That must be why British kids are skipping of to "far better living conditions' in Romania in their thousands...... Er, sorry got that the wrong way round.
I’m guessing something along the lines of up shits creek without a paddle.. when shit hits the fan.. if only we’d had a plan B... etc.. etc...
And here's the problem. The majority of brexit backers have no fucking clue what they're talking about or are just sheep, racists, idiots.
“What do we want?” “JUSTICE FOR OUR BOYS” “What else?” “BREXIT” “Wait” “CHILD ABUSE” “WTF stop”
The importance of copyeditors in a nutshell:
The Brexit stalemate? The votes were cast the result came in. Independence was the choice. #MoveOnPete
‘If’ - you’d make a good lawyer!?! Any Labour MP voting for Mays terrible brexit deal isn’t a true member of the party and not putting the country / the public first.
Brexit means conferences
As Brexit was supposed to allow Parliament to ‘take back control’ how can this be a coup
My point, maybe not made that we'll, is that using the Premiership as an analogy to the UK as a whole, it thrives by having migrant players, many from the EU who will now not be welcomed with open arms if this BREXIT happens.
Encouraging news overall. However, the fact that 35% would support No Deal suggests work is needed on the message, preferably framed in the positive. If Brexit goes ahead, an orderly transition and a close relationship for now will give the nation time to adjust and assess.
We leavers shouldn't be afraid of a second referendum. Once the Ramones see THE FACTS about the EU and BREXIT it'll be the EASIEST WIN IN HISTORY for leave.
Just to thank everyone standing up for brexit in advance and voting against that horrendous surrender, stay strong no matter what is thrown at you, the people will remember the real democrats who fought for us
So Parliament (directly elected by the people and under our constitution, sovereign) taking control of Brexit from the executive (not directly elected by the people and deriving their power from Parliament) is a ‘coup’ and ‘undemocratic’. Can somebody please explain why?
fact is you can't boil brexit down to a class vote.
The right wing press (all owned by million/billionaires) &amp; JR-M (millionaire MP) who opened a hedge fund office in Dublin pre Brexit, all say no deal is good! Doesn’t it ring any warning bells with anyone?
If ever there was a football manager that was the epitome of #Brexit, it's #Warnock. Probably #SamAllardyce too.
Can I suggest if Brexit really isn't for you there is a better option, it's called emigration, there are 27 other countries in the EU, none of them have had a DEMOCRATIC VOTE TO LEAVE THE EU, I'm sure Liberal Undemocrats would be happier in any of them post Brexit.
More manipulation of the Brexit/Remain argument. No mention of democracy at all. No question if the vote was held gain and Remain lost what would they...
Most useless politician ever! Even a dead badger could have beat the just by supporting #StopBrexit
Leaving the UK will mean insane sums of £ staying in Scotland, not least the 53BN we send down to WM annually in revenues. Leaving the EU means Westminster commandeers Scotland's resources and procurement which will lose us trillions and reduce our living standards to poverty.
Oh dear, dear, dear...…….after the Nonsense that is #brexit, This is just Lunacy @ the highest level !.
Why anyone with sense would vote for a #tory #brexit I don’t know. They are in it for personal power and profit as always, that’s why they can’t even agree amongst themselves. #brexit is their chance to tip the scales in their favour, it is not about #democracy
Like or dislike the man, this is the kind of mistake that makes folks across the channel wonder if it’s still worth having the UK with us... I would much rather have them, but understanding the EU and CoE architectures should be mandatory for any leader...
Morons
Thing have been turning ugly #brexit #owenjones #FreedomOfSpeech
As we plummet into a disasterous Brexit and begin stock piling tins of Corned Beef and bottles of water, rest assured that #spotthedog will continue with its European and Global coverage. Take a few minutes to relax before you start throwing out the Brie and Sauerkraut..
#Maybotting is now a thing h/t #Brexit
That's utter nonsense. Both Labour voters and Labour members are vastly in favour of remain. His brexit stance is forecast to lose labour 33% of votes, and has already lost scotland - making a labour GE victory out of reach already. Swop the beliefs in your head for facts please.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote Perhaps they should ask their MP to deal with it!!!!
That now insists on re-negotiating his own deal shows the right approach to #Brexit would have been a National Govt and a cross-party negotiation team. No Parliamentary consensus is the result of the Tory insistence to go it alone and ultimately fail. #hindsight
stop talking down the Brexiters mate. We haven't got anything we were promised because remainers seized control of the Brexit negotiations, rolled over at every turn so not surprisingly came up with a Brexit deal that stinks.
Before March 29, MP's will have appointed inquisitors And punished all of us that wanted a clean brexit, oh sorry for my common language - i should have said us far right that want to crash out. And vote for ' clean brexit ' to be declared blasphemous I await my cross to bear
This unfortunately is the embarassing attitude of most people that still support Brexit. "Screw everyone else, we don't need them"... yea right. Stick to football you idiot.
We do not know if he is a police officer, but if he is and committing an offence he is not above the law. That should be obvious to you. #BBC #Trump #MAGA #NigelFarage #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK #Marr #TommyRobinson #Ridge #EVEBOU #GiletsJaunes #Soros #Reuters
What an absolute joke, the only person who’s betrayed the people’s trust is you Theresa. Forcing people to vote on a shoddy insecure deal and trying to coerce them by saying “my brexit or no deal brexit” it’s an absolutely petulant tactic to get people to side with you.
My #MP gets right to the heart of the #eurozonecrisis here: Let's be positive, and ready, for a no-deal #Brexit #EU #eurozone
Exactly Mike; and a GE will not prevent Brexit on 29 March, resulting in a 9% GDP fall in Merseyside GDP. However appalling it is now, we face even harder years ahead if we don’t stop Brexit.
Agreed, but the biggest issue is that we have a Remain PM trying to negotiate Leaving! It’s farcical at best... The Tory Party is finished as is democracy in this Country! The Brexit Secretary is an idiot! Soubry and all the other Traitors should be ashamed! It’s a mess...
So what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in a #PeoplesVote if our supposedly Sovereign Parliament has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal and 'No Deal Brexit'? A General Election makes more sense than a People's Vote. #KickTheToriesOut Paul Mason #Marr
Neil Warnock apparently can't wait for Brexit. Suppose he just wants the comfort of knowing his whole country is going down rather than just his team.
Defiant Tory MP Nick Boles tells local deselection plotters he will 'not be bullied' in major Brexit row
Jobs are being lost now. Your closed mind won't allow that information in though, will it.
WTF Britain?
England’s schools face staffing crisis as EU teachers stay at home #ukedchat #EdChatEU #Brexit #teachershortage #education #headteacher #teacherrecruitment
The WA is final no matter the uk gov. EU will only be minded to extend A50 if remain on the cards. Unfortunately both TMay and Corbyn are for Brexit. A GE solves nothing.
I listened a couple of times to your Youtube video on why we should leave Brexit. Waxing lyrical about the strength of the City of London, exploding out of the big bang in the 80s. This great institution that imploded and planted the seed for austerity and ultimately Brexit.
This week Britain faces as grave a crisis as any time in its history – our MPs have FAILED: ON… #Brexit #ClickBait
Labour voters are keen to back a new party: DISILLUSIONED Labour voters are fuelling a massive… #Brexit #ClickBait
If Churchill had neen Prime Minister today, he would have been leading the EU not leaving it. #Brexit #TheresaMay #farage #uk
Agree, I'm not going in now if Theresa May's deal is good or not but if Corbyn cares so much for the country he should back the brexit deal
If you’re a Labour member/voter. Your leader is not up to the job. He deserved his shot. He energized young people, grew membership. But he now ignores them and isn’t on top of his brief. Corbyn is just about the only Labour leader capable of losing to the Tories right now.
Most of the Leavers' concerns are to do with policy failures by the UK Gov't, not the EU. The whole Brexit project was Cameron's failed attempt to address Tory divisions over Europe, not to improve the lot of the British people.
THE FALL: New podcast explores No Deal Brexit In the first episode of a new podcast, T... #GuyDorrell #JamesPatrick #NoDealBrexit
brexit isn’t about the people it’s about the people in charge. Unfair as fuck if it gets overturned what was even the point
Corbyn wants to use a vote of "no confidence" as a mandate to do his brexit when he's a PM. Both main parties have abandoned the country.
And if you’re wrong? We go out of the EU with either May’s deal or no deal, and Labour’s next chance at a GE is in 2024, after the economy, society and the NHS are smashed to bits by brexit.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
UK MEP's entitled to golden handshake package worth HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS: BRITISH MPs leaving… #Brexit #ClickBait
He has made his decision looking and all of the available evidence and decided that Brexit won't bring the dividends that were wrongly promised in the referendum. He has decided that Brexit will damage the country and its people. He has made the right decision.
I’m a remainer. So why do I feel more and more sympathy for leave voters? | Joseph Harker
End of days for Theresa May? Countdown to Brexit vote
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal -
I hope so. 2016 was an eye opener, but look what has been done in the meantime to disrupt the progress. There is talk of unrest a la Yellow Vests protests if Brexit is overturned but don’t see that happening or working.
[REUTERS] Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit: Brexit minister |
should tell the public that if her Withdrawal Deal vote is defeated it will instantly trigger us leaving with No Deal Brexit Which can’t be stopped and the UK will have exited the EU on Wednesday.
It's funny reading all the manipulative tweets about Neil Warnock in regard to Brexit. Why do you all find it necessary to mention foreigners i.e. foreign club owners &amp; players? Brexit doesn't mean stopping immigration, but having the powers to control it
Corbyn must act immediatiey now to rein in dogmatists and mavericks like John Mann. We need a Labour government to enact Remain on behalf of all working people in this country...now!
Living legend. The most likeable premier league manager by far - authentic beyond doubt.
Britain has staged a mass truck jam to test how traffic might flow in the event of a no-deal Brexit
Will #JeremyCorbyn step up to the plate on Tuesday #MeaningfulVote #brexit
If you cant see brexit and everything coming to the fore because of it isnt establishment driven then i suggest you stay down that rabbit hole
It's Unity at the cost of Britain's brexit in the North. Would you want to be tied to it?
I'm bored of jokes about Brexit. Has there ever been a topic with a shorter comedy shelf life?
“...the really alarming thing is I cannot see how this does not endure for decades. We will all be defined as Remainers or Leavers for decades to come. This is not a passing argument. It really is close to civil war.”
May warns of catastrophe if MPs don’t back Brexit deal #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Steve Baker is your colleague, Brexit organiser, fundraiser and responsible for the dishonest, dogwhistle, toxic and illegal Leave campaign.
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
I am Logo Designer. I have 2+ Years Experience For Designing. if you want any type of Logo. i can do it.
It's very simplistic to blame the job losses on Brexit. Of course, remainers will undoubtedly skew the facts to suit their argument. Just take a look at what is happening in the German car market and you will realise that it has little do with Brexit.
Brexit of roses
What I think on strategy and what we need #BeTheChange we need
I’ll tell you what risks failure of trust in democracy: Holding a referendum that brings into sharp focus the inequality &amp; policy failures of the last 40yrs. Then totally ignore it for 2 more while creating the conditions for even greater inequality. #Brexit
Everything will be fine. And if not, he’ll be fine anyway.
PeterStefanovi2RT cononeilluk: Grayling once again knocking it out of the park. Of all the incompetent cabinet members he has stood tall and proud above them all. With Brexit looming and the world watching how ..... how .... how does he still have a job?
We want a “no deal.” That is the proper Brexit we voted for. When you lose the vote on Tuesday, please crack on with WTO, as you have been mandated to do in 2016.
With all these experts and many Politicians panicking about a no deal WTO Brexit you know it’s the right thing to do because not one of the is honest about their genuine reasons for keeping us tied to the EU so let’s get right out ASAP
It's not about income, it's about the cost of living. We are getting poorer because our wages are undercut and our cost of living is rising. You are importing poverty to maximise your profits at our expense You don't notice. You are rich. The EU is good for you. It is bad for us
Could you show all your working out please, Colin?
so, now you're off TV and you have time, how many of those 12 CRUCIAL systems are up and running? I understand dodging on TV but, you know the details right? I mean, you are the secretary for Brexit getting paid to know the details, right? Thanks
I agree.
I can't agree that he looks like the next PM. People can see exactly what he's doing on Brexit and anyone who voted for him last year in the belief that he wanted to remain won't be making that mistake again.
‘more participatory’ ‘democracy’ is simply a way for establishment to select compliant chosen demographic to ‘participate’ in directed thinking .Emporers no Clothes. If establishment ignore #17.4m Just imagine how they can handle their chosen few. #jogon
Week Ahead #US industrial output, and foreign trade prices; #BoJ, #Indonesia, #SouthAfrica, Interest rate decision; #UK parliamentary vote on Brexit deal; #ECB; #China trade figures; #Japan inflation and #OPEC's monthly report.
Brexit: Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May’s deal is voted down, Corbyn signals
A. Rawnsley calls for a more robust democracy with intervention from the Queen, on the constitutional grounds that he enjoyed Olivia Colman's performance in 'The Favourite' Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
And may I add another ...
I am looking to the long war that #Brexit has started, we need to finish it.
Is it a sign of the weakness of the British left, that there is STILL neither a good, cohesive argument around either Brexit or remain? It either falls into legitimating the fascists (above), or fighting for remain on neoliberal grounds. Useless
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit: Brexit minister
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
Don't think Colin Wanker grasps that the Brexit argument is to embrace the "rest of the world" not to tell them to fuck off.
UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit: pro-EU party leader
Enlighten us. The only good thing about the no-deal brexit/brexit in general is the non payment of £13B to the EU?
Spot on , pointing out the complete hypocrisy of Gove, his party and pretty much the entirety of parliament. When are the adults going to show up to fix the mess the children have made?
What arrogance
This week Britain faces as grave a crisis as any time in its history – our MPs have FAILED
Best discussion of the Irish Border issue I have heard Fintan O'Toole: Brexit: Ireland and the English Question via
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
#Brexit #failure a catastrophic breach of trust, says May
SandersRogersJonesLennartRobin wants to wipe out Riexinger, and then Soros will make German exit from EU as a revenge, so now Jones is performing what is called "Brexit". Why UK helps Rogers to swindle for so many years?!!
I think this will happen either way. You are correct that there will be unrest if Brexit isn't delivered; but, I think, also if it is, when it dawns on people how blatantly they were lied to by Leave. Either way, the Furies are coming.
How depressing.
OK, stop Brexit. Then sort out our Constitution and mangled Party system. Irony: stopping Brexit seems like it will be aided by our lack of a written constitution.
Why catastrophic breach of trust in democracy? Voters have every right to change their position after referendum. Especially when deal brings no benefits.
Opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
Taking back control? Brexit seems to offer exactly the opposite
Post #Brexit, UK passport will downgrade to Argentina’s level. From 2016 report: “.. a self-inflicted Argentinisation of its citizenship.” UK can then join #Mercosur.
You can tell the morons who voted for brexit on this thread because they don't have a fucking clue what they have actually voted for...
No we won't. Majority clearly in favour of binning Brexit
You're describing a coup and the imposition of a 'unity government' without election and without Royal assent, to deliver what you've decided the proles are too stupid to see. This is absolutely revolting.
Brexit and the government shutdown: Populism gives rise to twin impasses
JC on the this morning with his pie in the sky ideas. What makes him think he can change the view of the EU when they clearly state no further negotiations. #Brexit
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
Thought of you.
Pro-EU campaign groups urge European Parliament to keep ‘no Brexit’ option open #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #DUP #sinnfein #moggmentum #momentum
Thread!
lets not just leave the eu, lets just straight up delete ourselves from existence!! brexit existence
Yeah right #Brexit
Asked my niece for her opinion on Brexit. Honestly think this is the most sense spoken about the subject since Danny Dyer #BrexitShambles
This is Parliament being sovereign, isn't it? Isn't that what you Brexiteers wanted? Oh, sorry, forgot - you never really knew what you wanted beyond "out", did you?
Source please. Do you know how much they spent on brexit already, before it even happens?
Labour have missed one of the largest chances to show they are a peoples party by standing up for Brexit, but instead chose to target the Tories by ignoring the referendum and campaigning to Remain. RIP Labour #StandUp4Brexit #ProjectFear #Brexit #
Gilet Jaune are as intriguing as the Occupy Movement and the Arab Spring. People worried about #Brexit and should pay attention to what is going on.
Hmm.. I'm not sure I agree with your first sentence. The WA definitely gives power to a PM (which we the people don't vote for) and the Government (eg other people we don't vote for)... So much for "Control" Learn more here:
Man, Theresa May sounds desperate here. It doesn't look like she has the votes for her #Brexit plan. That means either new election or UK crashing out of EU. As Britain faces most momentous moment since the War THERESA MAY writes for the Express
Is this relevant to BREXIT?
Pam, that would cause absolute chaos. Brexit is the priority, delay and vigorously re-negotiation using experts supported by ministers
You are every bit a part of the political elite and the establishment. You are a millionaire living in a very nice part of North London. You've been an MP for 30+ years so a career politician. Your support base is now thoroughly middle class. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #Lexit
A lot of Labour heartlands voted for Brexit too so even if he was anti-Brexit not supporting it could allow far right parties to take advantage of the split, particularly with the narrative of Remain being spearheaded by "the Elites".
Sad to see Corbyn reiterating the brexit'ers favourite mantra of EU citizens (freedom of movement) driving down wages.
BBCNEWS 5:14am BREXIT VOTE WARNING '. PM: Brexit failure risks trust in democracy ', I BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Brexn Sec: Some movement...
Colin by name, Colin by nature
This has all become too predictable ! Berko stimying any attempt May has to deliver Brexit AFTER the no-vote on her deal and now Parliament basically stopping a no-deal anyway ! WTH ? A general election wouldn't change anything, because who would we vote for ? May has to LEAVE !
They can’t genuinely believe what they are saying. They do it for attention to mask their lack of talent in the same way Katie Hopkins et al do. Or they are just really stupid like the far right and some brexit voters. Ferdinand was made to look like a right moron on BT
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
"In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends". Martin Luther King Jr - We are being betrayed not by those who wanted to leave the EU, but by those who KNOW it is wrong, but are TOO COWARDLY to stand up for what they believe in.
Where is Hughie Greene when you need him? "Take the money" (Remain) or "Open the Box" (Brexit)? The box by the way, belongs to Pandora
football fan analogy Brexit = leaving UEFA, bye bye European football, Pep, Klopp, Sarri et al. Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
It's a Parliamentary democracy, not mob democracy. #bbcwato #Brexit
I’m not, usually, a labour voter (although I used to be) but I would vote for them if they were to get behind stopping Brexit, repealing art. 50, the PV - pretty much anything along those lines!
Smashing it ? He’s clueless and can’t give an honest answer on Brexit
Finally..... reality is dawning, disillusionment with this sad and pointless project is growing every day. #bollockstobtexit
No Bim you need to be consistent with your vote (and the vote of your constituency) to remain. Not make sure you have a job waiting once disaster strikes. #brexit
So you’d see Merseyside lose 9% GDP post Brexit. And that helps the homeless and low paid how exactly?
3/ If #Brexit does not happen in the end, which is more than probable now, the UK will only have GE2017 and ERG sticking to its views to thank for the country's economic survival. This was close... #PeoplesVote #NoDeal #Remain
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Bit unfair this, not known for his political views but they pick on this one...knowing he wouldn't be able to resist...but he is an adult.
Voting through a deal that no one voted for is undemocratic you eejit
This is just lazy. Marxist/left takes on capitalism harbouring 'the seeds of its own destruction' was well embedded well before Trump and Brexit.
Yes and I bet I can guess what they were. Now you want no deal even if it ruines our country more than Brexit it self will! Let's not worry about the economy, jobs etc as long as it upsets "snowflakes". I'm angry with you and your kind of ignorance.
That’s his problem he don’t think it’s always about what Mann Wants!
The Guardian commentariat has already aptly suggested that Albanian Mafia be given all of the Brexit ferry contracts
61% of leave voters wanted to stay in the single market. So we could say, yes, although you're grossly misinformed, yes, we need a peoples vote because neither lab or tory brexit give the voters what they asked for. Do the research.
Climate change and Brexit.
'To hell with the rest of the world': Neil Warnock attacks government's handling of Brexit - video #Football
3 wives Jeremy. One is misfortune, two looks like carelessness. But three? Do you ignore their wishes too?
This is EXACTLY what corrupt Govt sounds like when it awards dubious contracts. This IS what's central to the aggressive fight to stay within the EU. Parl IS corrupt and fears discovery. Check out ’s Tweet:
wonder what has to say on the matter
Neil Warnock on Brexit: 'I can't wait to get out. To hell with the rest of the world' #FOOTBALL
Actual lol. Imagine believing that
God for bid! I can not afford another labour government.
If another vote didn’t happen it could be seen by leave voters as a back door way of stopping Brexit and cause a lot a bad feeling with leave voters.
DEMOCRACY | WRITTEN QUESTIONS | Anguilla: Brexit #JohnGroganMP
A no deal brexit will cause damage to Ireland the rest of EU and of course britian. No doubt about that.
There will be such a seismic change in politics soon if these goons don't deliver a 100 % Brexit. And that's a minimum. Things might get really ugly on our streets and this lot can't turn around and ask why is this happening. They know the stakes.
Cos of reactions from the public? Saying you're backing brexit, is complicated by the previous result and negative news about it. But saying you're against it, umunna and soubry for example get told what? But if elected corbyn eventually is in may's position.
Major says people who voted to Leave are entitled to be 'angry &amp; upset' if Brexit doesn't happen then goes on to say that MPs who've been making such a delaying mess of Brexit should take over. Public know this means we won't ever Leave until after next GE when we vote
Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May's deal is voted down
By Brexit Voters Coffin-Dodgers 17%
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’: FILE PHOTO: Jeremy…
I have noticed that #Putin is becoming more agressive lately. I fear for the Baltic states and Ukraine. Unfortunately by our stupid #Brexit we will add to the further de-stabalization of Europe at a time when unity should be paramount.
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain’s EU exit: Brexit minister: FILE…
What an obviously fake post designed to pretend Brexit is racist - so you live in a village where most people will know who is who, so intimatly associated with neighbour even put their bin away yet remained unknown to others even own neighbours? FUNNY FAKE
All he wants is the keys to Number 10, not interested in Brexit and or anything else, god help this country if he gets in!
As an aside, I really doubt brexit would be happening now if the Libs hadn't joined up with the Tories in 2010. FWIW though, if your next electoral opponent is a brexiteer I do hope you beat them.
This IS the lesson ALL Politicians have taken from the 'events' of 2016. With #Brexit all future elections will be run along these lines. - Space Corps. - Cure for all ills. - Cities paved with gold. Politicians deciding what you voted for AFTER the count.
Oh has always been a “snake in the grass” -so grateful he never made the leadership.
If Brexit is thwarted who'd like to join me in demonstrating? I'll bring sangers and vol au vents. #HellsGrannies #PipsPosse
Losing a general election could negatively affect the country for 5 years, at the very most, without a VoNC. Brexit could negatively affect the country for decades.
"May warns of catastrophe if MPs don't back Brexit deal" -
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
And he'd never voted in his life before. Brexit works for him without working I guess.
Saw that earlier, Warnock supports Brexit, who would have thought it..
Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible" | Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has insisted that an election is his top priority if Theresa May's Brexit deal is rejected by MPs... |
If he did open a fresh enquiry; that would go a long way into having him as PM. just needs to drop the #Brexit junk.
Read Darrens Crimes on google Electoral fraud EUref £675k BeLeave
‘Theresa May lost control of the Commons when she lost her majority in June 2017 but continued to govern as if she had it’
I remember, and am sure you recall that over past few years a lot changed. Anyone who argues brexit is 'will of the people' should be also be happy to check that a defined version of brexit is 'will of the people'. May sound like we are voting on same thing but crucial difference
If that happens there will be serious levels of desertion in the party...who will benefit, but Corbyn amd Mann and their diehards?
I agree with the majority of this. The thing I am thinking about is the future. If Brexit doesn’t go well, the politicians who push it through will suffer. Before Iraq, all the opinions polls were in favour of government policy. The public love hindsight.
Femi he is desperate for Brexit, probably as much as Farrage, but wants May and the Tories take the fall for the shit show that follows.
All of it, as usual David. You aren't interested in democracy, only in getting everything your way. EU have stated that a Lab reneg is viable. A softer Brexit is certainly possible. So why are you lying and damaging the lefts chance to end this corporate Tory griphold?
In Trump’s America, the Brexit
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay on Brexit no deal 'challenges' | The House of Commons is due to vote on PM Theresa May's Brexit withdrawal deal this week, a vote that the PM is widely expected... |
The single biggest lie in the entire EU Referendum was the 'Remain is a vote for the status quo'.
The man’s an idiot ... a general election has to offer people a choice... if support #Brexit how is that a choice? How stupid are the labour leaders?
Brexit uncertainty means companies are more cautious to go public on London's stock exchange, consulting firm EY says
Forget about trade deals, this is what #brexit is all about - people.
Unfortunately, this won't help. It looks like it'll be a #brexit with no deal, creating the maximal damage for everyone.
The Brexit secretary.
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan | Politics | The Guardian
I think its the establishment thats dead &amp; if the corrupt judiciary do NOT get a grip of criminal MPs then i predict death of establishment LITERALLY WILL happen ppl ARE GOING 2 DIE i can see it coming &amp; it all MPs fault they'll av blood on their hands if not their OWN
You look like a couple of guys who believe Brexit is going “very well”.
The mainstream media is trying to link Brexit and the US shutdown Yes, the two are rooted in similar ideological movements What they miss is the fact that WE THE PEOPLE are the future. Sovereignty is the future Billionaire globalist overlords no longer control the world.
To highlight your false conclusions and how you get the wrong end of the stick on so much, then spout out nonsense.. no one who voted leave wanted or expected a “soft brexit”. WTO and hard would be much the same thing. The lack of logic the left consistently present is staggering
He IS a bloody tory. And one of the worst. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
Dim Caerdydd fi di hwn! This is not my Cardiff!... Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Good. Glad to see parliament doing its job finally.
Pro-EU campaign groups urge European Parliament to keep ‘no Brexit’ option open
Think I judged him too soon, takes bollocks to back Brexit these days.
We have already had to beg EU nurses to come to the UK since Brexit.Deluded If you think Brexit will push wages up.We ll just Have workers from outside the EU and from poorer countries!
The true voice of Brexit is a clueless not very successful football manager spouting uninformed posh and displaying an unbelievable level of ignorance.
Comparing the vote to polls is misleading. Many polls before 2016 were 53% remain too
Getting fed up of this as much as Brexit it on sky everydsi so unfair on spurs
#Brexit featuring , and #LandofMilkAndHoney
What does one have to do to get them to revolt.
Neil Warnock on Brexit: 'To hell with the rest of the world... I can't wait to leave' #Football
Parliaments make the Law. Governments execute the Law. Courts enforce the Law. Its not a coup, its Democracy. #Brexit
I'm beginning to trust parliament to #StopBrexit #WithdrawArticle50
Gammon alert!
no seriously fuck brexit but also fuck the uk im tired of being from here
BBCNEWS 5:15am BREXIT VOTE WARNING 7. Vince Cable: Parliament will act to stop no-deal Brexit' I BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Theresa May...
Is it a surprise to absolutely anyone that this fucking idiot is pro Brexit.
Jeremy's #MarrShow interview confirms he will ensure Labour goes into any election proposing its fantasy Brexit plan while doing its best to avoid a referendum. NOTHING HAS CHANGED. NOTHING HAS CHANGED.
Universal Credit will be their poll tax millstone, the tories will split after brexit
May's Brexit deal will damage Wales - we'll vote it down and seek a sensible consensus
The ONLY people who benefit from Brexit are those with tax havens who would dodge EU rules against them, which is why so many Tories want to leave.
The most common response on here seems to be "Yasmin go back to Africa".From the people of course arguing voting leave wasn't just about racism and xenophobia...thereby proving that Brexit was mainly about racism and xenophobia.
I keep arguing with the brexit zealots about WTO, and directing them to websites which give explanations. They don't care, they're stuck in a fact free delusion and ignoring everything that doesn't suit their version of unicorns
All done although I should add that’s a really over complicated voting process. I’m thinking that should have had less and Brexit should have had more options.
I mean is this how we defeat him? Make him acknowledge the void within himself? “Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B”
They do share some responsibility. Brexit was caused by them NOT negotiating despite the idiotic call to remain and negotiate (what they think we’ve been doing for the last 25 years is anyone’s guess)
May warns of catastrophe if MPs don't back Brexit deal -
How are they going to go under because of brexit?
JC was interviewed only this morning by Marr and at no point did he indicate any desire whatsoever for a Hard Brexit but he mentioned on at least a couple of occasions that PV was on the table if no GE. You wouldn't be scaremongering would you?
A semi hard Brexit is better than a smooth Brexit
Please o please can we have some pragmatism over crazy rhetoric or we lead this old nation into catastrophe - this is now critical
#neoliberalism #taxes #Poverty join the dots
Assuming a General Election comes along-- I (and I'm sure many others) will NEVER vote for labour with a Leave agenda. They're digging their own grave at the moment.
Here’s my latest article, highlighting key issues such as poverty, social support, and more that the government aren’t addressing due to being totally preoccupied by Brexit and their chaotic handling of it #austerity #BrexitShambles
I am getting increasingly sick of the narrative that anything other than the hardest of Brexits would be a breach of trust and a betrayal of the people, which would leave poor Leave voters disengaged and angry.
Is this the 'will' of 17.4m people? What they were sold, like much else doesn't resemble what is being done. Brexit is a xenophobic agenda - it has not other purpose. Shame on our country.
I'm life long Labour. With the worst government in living memory I should be screaming for an election to get my party in. But the thought of this current rabble in power is too frightening. Pro brexit. Pro HS2. Pro mass immigration. etc. Diane Abbot as Home Sec ? Shivers.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Why are we hearing from Football Professionals today about Brexit? Surely there are tons of academics, economists and political scientists that have a more evidence based point of view?
And on that, I cannot agree with you. We were asked after parliament agreed that we could finally have a vote. We voted. The parliamentarians that frustrate Brexit are to blame for the chaos we see. We did what we were asked and voted, what we did wrong was not to vote their way.
CLUELESS CORBYN: Marr MOCKS Labour leader’s ‘trade plan’ requiring EU to tear up own rules - Express via #business #News
Will do. But regardless, the ECHR protections are under threat by the Conservatives. This isn't up for debate. (This isn't an endorsement of Corbyn, but is a warning as to the real threat of the Conservatives post Brexit)
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote #stopbrexit
"May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit"
Football managers should stick to football
No deal #Brexit ONLY way to TAKE BACK CONTROL of UK borders, warns IDS
The point is they'll flatline and then no more Corbyn, but that'll be at enormous cost to the nation, with no electorate means to oppose Brexit in a FPTP, two party, rigged system.
"‘Get us out’: Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up"
This is pathetic. The video asks "what will labour do to get a better deal than Theresa May?" Then doesn't answer. We can get this shit on the Marr show.
An excerpt from an article by , co-founder and editor of the , on 'why #Brexit means a global Britain', which will feature in our first print issue (to be released on 15th January)... #printmagazine #conservatism
I also believe that she is behind lots of these shenanigans to stop #Brexit
When did Labour become such a bunch of useless liars? Brexit WILL cause poverty. Brexit will be austerity squared. Brexit will incite racism. Brexit is a coup by business owners to increase their own wealth.
The remainers look as if they are successfully manipulating parliament in collaboration with the Speaker. In extremis are you prepared to bring down the government to ensure Brexit on 29th March 2019 is not denied? If it becomes necessary I truly hope so.
#TheresaMay there's no breach of trust with a vote against your deal. #Brexit Your lot wouldn't know trust if it hit them on the head.
Yes, a serious question: what is view on Brexit? If she was our MP, how would she vote on Tuesday?
Tells you all you need to know. will never oppose #Brexit as he wants it to happen. He continues to pay lip service to a #PeoplesVote but today he revealed his true colour. #marr
But according to Corbyn all that is far more preferable and realistic to a #peoplesvote And how dare those Remainers criticise his Brexit 'plan'.
What he said, though I'll be there Monday as I can't make Tuesday.....
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
Me too Mrs Reid, my husband my three children and myself. Please as a respected journalist use your voice and point out to the fools that voted for Brexit the damage the NHS is incurring through this criminal vote.
But they do claim they aren't thick!
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote
The sad consequence of the "no deal" debate is that people like and the Daily Mail have used it, with some success, to *normalise* May's deal, which remains a "hard" form of Brexit that will have serious negative economic and political consequences for the UK.
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
"Opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'" -
Now that you've failed to deliver Brexit, Theresa, and that little matter is firmly behind us, I want to focus on your constantly telling whoppers, your hatred of foreigners and your pathetic begging and crying when you don't get your evil way. It's most unbecoming in our gals.
compare this to the previously posted Guardain article. It will scare Remainers to the core.
No because this would not end freedom of movement. A key plank of leaving the EU.
Peoples Vote ?
Why is it dangerous? Should we carry out Brexit just to appease people like Janes Goddard?
That will happen if they thwart a proper Brexit, ie 100% out of everything EU. Never protested but I would definitely do so then. They will not win this battle.
Getting to the guts of #Brexit What really matters.
And finally, Portugal will be announcing their help for businesses in the next few days. Here is a link with the option to read it in English. And the twitter account for the Portuguese gov.
On air now with our first show of the New Year. Joining us to talk about #Brexit &amp; his record in office is Tune into now. #London #housing #transport #policing #AirQuality
We don’t live in the US... we have our own political system... and thanks to Brexit we will retain our sovereignty.
Hey Team! I’m back - wanted to say that I really do appreciate Shane, and he says some smart stuff about marketing. But this dubious nature of digital ad tech needs to be fully understood before we write it off - check this out -
The Brexit effect.
I’ve seen this a lot, but how surprising is this really? The objectives of the EU negotiators are quite simple, surely: apply the rules, defend Ireland, stand back and let Britain self-immolate.
After you with the schmaltzy sickbag, Mavis. 'We ask you to reconsider to leave our union in the interest of the next generation of young people, British and Europeans, who will lose out on the opportunities of living, loving and working together'
Dec 18, 2018 - “The government is past the point where it can have everything.. #Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown #trend #Trending #News #TrendingNow
Is Brexit the result of post-imperial arrogance?
should we trust brexit a little more after the Warlock backs it .. after what we can only assume was a gaze into his crystal ball or a dream-like premonition
Nothing new, really. Confirmed a Labour govt would push to Brexit; very much against a second vote. Still committed to ending FoM, but somehow the EU will want to re-write its Customs Union &amp; Single Market for him
Darren Purse mate. Proper Brexit centre-half, takes no prisoners.
Thanks for a balanced analysis of the practical results of a no-deal Brexit. As I’ve said before Project Fear reminds me strongly of YK2...
#PeoplesVote #StopBrexit I can see a huge protest swing to Liberal Democrats in the next general election. Neither of the other two main parties have a #PeoplesVote or stopping Brexit as part of their policy. #StopBrexit #RevokeA50
The 'meaningful vote' on Theresa May's unpopular brexit deal is in two days time. What could happen if Parliament shoots it down? with
Wait self awareness is at zero , "you don't always get what you want in life " from a remainer talking about Brexit and having another vote.
Bitter row between Corbyn aide and Sir Keir Starmer over Brexit date
Do you agree with Nigel that a victory by a narrow margin will be unfinished business?
Pathetic response to question, would have got more sense from a parrot
Quite right
Brexit news: Corbyn confronted with MAJOR FLAWS in Labour's Brexit plan | UK | News |
Jacob Rees-Mogg enjoys EUROPEAN BREAK two days ahead of meaningful vote
Brexiteer tycoons Crispin Odey and Peter Hargreaves give up on leaving the EU #News #googlenewsuk
You are so confused. So confused. This suggests you believe that close relations with Europe is good for Britain. Here you acknowledge that Brexit is wrong.
SHOUT THIS FROM EVERY ROOFTOP IN UK Northern Ireland is already different, in fact unique, in the UK. Brewster cartoon:
"BritGov Travel would like to apologise for the delays to its Brexit Express. This has been caused by the wrong type of Leave on the line."
I would quite happily own Brexit if someone would actually bother to deliver it. If it's not delivered you can own the mess that will leave
And that is what they shall get ...
Listen back to to with and on climate change also on Brexit and with news from US. Moderated by on
Stop #xenophobia and #brexit
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
Brexit will remove rights and protections from me and my community. A general election will not change this. The battle for votes is in the middle. Corbyn won't win votes there, he's just preaching to his existing supporters. He lost my vote months ago.
What choice are our politicians leaving the people the majority of Continuances voted to leave the EU but our politicians seem to think they know better than the people they are supposed to represent. Democracy is nothing but an Illusion
What is happening in world, can any Indian astrologer can predict the reason for so much turmoil like Mexican wall, brexit, French riot and turmoil in Indian election 2019?
You might want to check again as they definitely promised they would deliver Brexit!
Well, he is a knuckle dragging moron.
Rumour doing the rounds on forex
Cannot see the supporters for the people putting the table up wow, so mfewny
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit: pro-EU party leader
#JeremyCorbyn appeared sky and evasive with #andrewmarr, not good or reassuring on Brexit. #PeoplesVote #Labour
Check it out! ethan883 will do beautiful logo design for $5 on #Fiverr
Absolutely- I do not see Labour securing a majority if there is a GE now without making a clean sweep in Scotland which is very unlikely with Labour leadership’s current Brexit policy. It will be another hung parliament and the Brexit impasse will continue.
Look at this pathetic fake shrilling Brexit is Racist with a pathetic fake story spread over a DOZEN tweets - live in village and put neighbours bins in yet even own other neighbors didnt know who you were LOL LOL - unbeleivable remainer fake posts.
Rebel MPs 'plot coup to seize control of Brexit and sideline May' - Evening Standard. Can they really stoop any lower?
I don’t think it matters now (in terms of Lab gov prospects). Lab need MOR voters to win &amp; it’s unlikely they will trust anything a JC led Lab says. Maybe a change of Leadership will help. Someone who backs the radical socialist vision but not tainted by Brexit misinformation.
BBCNEWS 5:16am BREXIT VOTE WARNING 7. Brexit Sec 'Frusuated' over par'iamenl handling O1 Brexk' I BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Over 1OO...
He's backing Brexit,
'More efficient than clockwork'? How Calais is gearing up for a no-deal Brexit via
Two years after coming to power, Theresa May's premiership is the most shambolic for a century
So none of the promises made in the 2016 referendum campaign has been kept. That is why this deal has to be voted down on Tuesday...
Right on! Heads up USA!
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
I would urge everyone with the #FBPE hashtag to read this article...
Lol is he serious no one trusts him and imagine having dianne abbott in charge of the money hahaha
Brexit, parliament and the four-body problem | me for Prospect Magazine
Brexit news: Corbyn confronted with MAJOR FLAWS in Labour's Brexit plan | UK | News |
I've only had half the surveys I usually get in last year. Is that because I'm a brexiteer?
Brexit? Yes or NO?
Sir, you MUST wake up, we are past all the no deal bollocks. Grieve/Speaker/#labour are now engaged in thwarting/stopping #Brexit by foul means ( taking over parliament ) please BEG the other idiots &amp; co, May's shit deal is our ONLY #brexit hope
In a nutshell.
Of course. Corbyn is the pro-Leave leader of a party generally pro-Remain, but with increasingly vocal pro-Leave elements. Many young Leftists today resent EU with passion of UKIPers. They see it as a neoliberal hegemon promoting unaccountable and uncontrollable capitalism.
I'm just questioning the direction of Brexit and why it has turned to racism?
Can someone explain to me what a #nodeal #Brexit means? I’ve been trying to follow along but must admit, I’m totally confused.
I genuinely believe anyone would make a better go of it than may because she only started negotiating a few months ago, we had 18 months of internal politics first. Plus he has 1 thing she doesn't, he actually believes in brexit where as she doesn't.
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture
Not surprised by this ignorant rant from #neilwarnock I remember when he was manager of like a lose cannon, did nothing for us.
No-deal Brexit only way to get back control of borders, insists Iain Duncan Smith
Dear We all know you have deliberately instigated this whole process of Brexit the last 3 years to cheat the people out of what you promised them. I respectfully ask you to reconsider and give us W.T.O. Or you will go down in history for destroying your party and GB
Labour’s Shadow Home Secretary Diane Abbott boasts of her “immaculate” anti-EU voting record
Oh look another anti Brexit hit piece by the left wing pro EU BBC. So unsurprising.
‘To hell with the rest of the world’ – Cardiff manager Neil Warnock blasts British Government over Brexit
"More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit" -
Traditionally we have prided ourselves as being a nation that does not give in to extremism and/or terrorism. What a shameful state of affairs.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of #Brexit deal vote
It’s ok to disagree! I certainly won’t criticise for a different perspective. My view is that he’s clueless, in that Labour won’t and can’t get a better deal, it’s impossible. The country wastes time and money while he waits, wanting a GE more than saving us from Brexit.
At la#dt some good news amidst the Brexit gloom and treachery.
has interviewed that well known economist, Tommy Robinson's right hand man, to discuss the potential economic impacts of Brexit on the entire working class. I must have missed that in the
A good example this of what I mean about being hoodwinked! WTO rules puts U.K. same footing as The Gambia! In easy Leave footy terms..that’s same as going from The Premier to Amateur Sunday League. Even JRM moved Asset Management Firm to Dublin! Brexit lot hoarding lots of gold!
I listened to Brexit related arguments from the galleries in Parliament before the concert last Tuesday. Witnessed a bit of history! (both houses)
Our Monarchy is amazing. People like you will never get rid of it. If you don’t like it go live in Russia. Now let’s support the Tories and get on with Brexit and keep Steptoe out of number 10
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal Scrap Brexit
This week Britain faces as grave a crisis as any time in its history – our MPs have FAILED
Leo Varadkar’s parliamentary arithmetic is worse than May’s. But the opposition won’t topple him in the national interest over Brexit.
manager magazin
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
British MEPs to bag lucrative post-Brexit payout
Brexit chief Stephen Barclay utterly lost over Plan B in baffling TV interview
Brexit with Labour is a Tory brexit . So therefore the grass we will have to eat under both will taste the same.
Brexit is indeed an English phenomenon. But the Scots always have the option of leaving UK. It seems they need to get permission from the English to have a referendum. They should act unilaterally and not ask permission to determine their own destiny.
, food for thought, please allow our pm to continue with her job, she is doing all she can , under great pressure from everyone To deliver Brexit!. The country has spoken, we are leaving, end of, whatever you do, you will never be PM!
I’m afraid he’ll push through Brexit. After all the fudging I wouldn’t trust him as far as I could throw him &amp; Labour won’t be getting my vote while they are pro-Brexit. That is the most important agenda &amp; will detrimentally affect everyone’s lives, particularly the low income.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Does anyone want to start a twitter DM group to share Brexit memes for the big day? I need to be well armed. Another meme war is a’coming.
Don't forget the EU gave Jaguar Land Rover a grant to move some of its production to Slovakia. EU determined to kill off UK manufacturing
That's the only thing the ALL want, is a shift in Power. They claim to have "the people's" interests at Heart, but ultimately that's lies. They know it. We know it. They know we know it. Brexit just needs to happen now by any means, then we go from there.
Thank heaven for some sanity amidst all the Brexit turmoil.
Labour and parliament could get a better deal that does less damage for sure, also Labours policies would be needed more than ever as yes theres a negative impact with any brexit. For me its not an issue if brexit being bad - it is, more an issue of reality now.1/2
If Brexit had a da it would be him
I can’t help thinking that if people knew Brexit gave you thighs that thicc everyone would be doing it.
Do you really think that Leavers will accept the result of a #losersvote when you clearly show your aim as being stopping Brexit and ignoring the 2016 vote, as implied with that hashtag, your are deluded
If Iraq hadn’t happened, the world would be very different. I very much doubt Brexit would ever have happened, for example.
A decision to stop brexit or a second vote must take as many of the 52% with it as possible.
#PeoplesVote Is it not true that in a no deal Brexit, we would be subject to WTO Rules. Rules made up by an unelected, non democratic organisation. At least in the EU there is representation, the rules are agreed by the membership and the EU playing field is pretty even.
The meaningful vote; that's what it's going to be about all next week isn't it. Maybe I am premature, maybe the deal going through is what needs to happen so we can move forward and leave Brexit with as little disruption as possible.
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote British carers, caterers, winemakers and more tell of their fears as MPs prepare to vote on Theresa May’s deal
Just take a look what's happening in France, macron the Muppet will be dragged out of office very soon.
This fucking weapon. Stealing your kids childhood for cheap political memes. Dick end
Nah, Corbyn is a trainwreck. I wish we had someone with his socialist views but who was actually willing to reverse course on Brexit.
Hahahah not surprised he is pro Brexit, just look at the guy
The reason Brexit is not deliverable is because the current MPs don't want to deliver it that is why democracy is dead in Britain.
Why do I get this feeling that time will pass. Brexit will be sorted and Corbyn will wake up and pet a no confidence motion??
Me: "Twitter would be a great resource in finding statements to code for my thesis" Also me: Spends an hour and a half scrolling through Brexit memes
He really knows how to make our country a laughing stock,, bad enough as it is with all the brexit shite not getting anywhere then this prat pokes his fingers in,, god help us
The BBC thinks people are stupid. Many of us mere mortals watch, listen to and read other news broadcasters and know that the car infustry worldwide is facing issues mostly because of China and problems with emissions issues.
What nation? England? He’s a hypocritical liar, a hard brexiteer who has sold the young the false promise of being against Brexit. This morning he said he would argue for ‘all the benifits’ of being in the EU but, be outside it. Desperate stuff, a man out of his depth.
Neil Warnock..discuss.
The question on the ballot was “Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?” - you may want Brexit to mean more but this is all we voted for. So ‘Norway’ would deliver Brexit to the letter - We would have left the EU
What A load of shit... Who is she to talk about unforgivable breach of trust. Your the joke who has reaped austerity on the most vulnerable, your the one chasing down #brexit based on Lies and demagoguery. #PeoplesVote
Brexit and the U.S. shutdown:
Jeremy Cornyns brexit. there's no such thing. it's just staying in the EU and paying them 39billion for kicks
Common Market 2 has already been reject by the Norwegians as they regard us as untrustworthy and who can blame them. Brexit is a farce as it means many different things to different people.
Brexit brinkmanship: What’s next for Theresa May’s deal
Stiff shit. Brexit.
2/ Belief brought us Brexit. Belief is therefore not the antidote for it. Everyone, no matter from which background or of what age, needs to be critical. We need to demand that politicians work for us and do so transparently and accountably.
Following doesn't mean endorsement though. Things like Brexit took me by surprise because I only followed liberal, left-leaning people like me, so assumed everyone thought the same. I now follow opposing views to understand a wider range of views.
On tonight 9pm documentary ‘British Workers Wanted’ #Brexit effect on jobs trailer https:// Eastern Europeans going home #BognorRegis Freeview 93 | Sky 173 | Virgin 269 | Freesat 164
Avocados are definitely Brexit. They come from Mexico, which is not in the eu
8/ And it is ongoing even now- people ‘want Brexit over and done with’ etc. No consideration of what happens AFTER Brexit or even no Brexit. So, to change society’s attitude, we all need to think if ways of involving voters more.
On the side of a bus...
Think we should send him to get a deal with the pompous EU cretins
Or more accurately, the government has warned that no deal is likely to result in us no longer being able to partake in various European Space programmes including the EUSST programme. This is a statement of fact, deliberately misread by leavers so they can dismiss it.
I am sick f heating May's weak ministers saying "Her deal is not perfect". It is not a deal, there is nothing in Mays thingy that represents any agreement about Brexit
did caller Rosanna really say "sometimes you don't get what you want" regarding Brexit voters? If so I guess she doesn't adopt her own logic then?
Whatever they think will harm the U.K. &amp; increase their chances of getting &amp; winning another vote on Scotland leaving the U.K. &amp; being outside the EU as well.
Anybody know Kenny Jackett’s views on Brexit?
members dont win elections dopey voters do and 4 million labour viters voted brexit
We need an anti brexit opposition....we haven't got one.
When you have had 30plus years as an MP and never had to explain or think about your opinions and been able to lie your way out of difficulty because no one has cared what you thought
More chance of May winning Brexit vote than comrade Corbyn getting into number 10, the dribbling idiot is unelectable
Brexit means handing over control of our business and economy to Trump. Which means doing what the USA wants us to do. And giving them what they want. Even the #NHS In EU we have an equal voice #FBPE #FinalSayForAll #SingleMarket #CustomsUnion #JustMakeItStop
Taking back control? Brexit seems to offer exactly the opposite
Intangible nostalgia will make everything ok? What a stupid reason to "love Brexit". I already knew she was a cretin, just didn't realise she was quite this stupid.
"support UK"? They want to rule the UK. They have lost a colony. Their Empire is shrinking. If you want to live in their European Empire then go live there, only avoid Paris and other major cities because they are revolting.
#Brexit and the #UKParliament: my Sunday reflections: #LongRantAlert
If we stay in the EU we will loose the NHS, We need Brexit for the jobs and the tax from the wages of more ppl working, tax runs the country N.I pays for the NHS so we need more jobs Brexit is the only way forward The Tory’s are a threat to labour! Because there doing Brexit
Jeremy, I agree with you on so much. Except #Brexit. If it happens we'll be looking back at the Tory austerity years as golden comfortable days in comparison. You're so close to power, to end Tory injustice and suffering. Please don't mess it up. Our kids can't afford it.
This venomous cow &amp; anti democratic Grieve should be sacked, if we ever go to war the likes of these 2 would have to be locked up.
But that's exactly the problem. Various leading Leave campaigners were advocating fundamentally different positions on things like our membership of the single market or customs union, or that we'd be like Norway, or that we'd be doing trade deals the day after Brexit. Nonsense.
Yet there are far more non UK players from outside the EU than those from in the EU who also enrich the Premiership who will still come to play here whatever happens to EU migration rules post BREXIT.
So what your saying is that if you voted brexit then your racist???
So you admit you already have sovereignty before brexit. Well done.
The lack of general knowledge on display would be funny were it not deeply sad.
Yes, but a brexit that will fail a PV and lead us to remain.
The 12 computer systems dodge was inexcusable (assuming they are indeed crucial as #Marr said). Can anyone answer that question? RT and let us see if we can find out! P.s Loooove the analogy! #Brexit
Sadly the legacy of Jeremy Corbyns opposition will be lost elections &amp; facilitation of Tory Brexit that will have lasting repercussions for ALL in UK, all in a failed effort to manipulate a socialist government onto the UK Denying us a final say vote to reduce the risk Shameful
For first time in my life I feel like becoming an anarchist. No point in prentending we’re in a democracy if when we vote contrary to the establishment wishes they simply ignore and over turn them!
Parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit - pro-EU party leader | Reuters #SmartNews
An interesting analogy Gavin. All I would say is this - most of us don't want to climb a mountain, any mountain. We know it's dangerous and we would rather be safe. I understand some people want to climb mountains, but I don't want to go with them.
Let's get back to basics: there was a democratic vote, result was to leave EU. Politicians must respect the people's wishes &amp; carry out the wish of the majority irrespective of whether or not they personally agree.
The people were clear on Brexit but politicians have led us into a blind alley
Architect of #Brexit chaos cracks jokes at time of national crisis....a double act with Fayling is on the cards #ChuckleBrothers
I think he meant that the #EU is now a part of the ETHR/ECHR and, after the Treaty of Lisbon, every (candidate) member state should respect the ETHR/ECHR. At least I hope that’s what Corbynism meant. #Brexit #Marr
enjoy your Tory brexit...
Yes because Brexit has shown how flexible the Uk Gov are and how open they are about Scottish indy. We lost. There isn't going to be another Scottish ref. Politics is not "fair", its unfair. Put it out of your mind.
Assets Worth 800 Billion Pounds To Shift From UK To EU Due To Brexit
are so bias when it comes to brexit! More for the remoaners rather for the leavers.
Fun Brexit preparation game: deciding when to buy foreign currency.
He's also spot on about Corbyn, though. His policy on Brexit is pure, unprincipled, political expediency.
"To hell with the rest of the world" Fucking "VISIT MALAYSIA" sign right over his shoulder. Outstanding stuff.
Out of Date Out of Touch Out of his Depth Out of Power #Corbyn #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE
There's always been a small group of far right racists in the UK. They're louder now because of social media, talk radio, and the divisive nature of the Brexit debate. BUT, there aren't more of them, and we must face them down. Appeasement never works.
Two wankers battling it out.
I am really beginning to believe the parliament are trying to stop brexit from the top downwards. The opposition have no alternative plan but to call an election or referendum. Democracy will go out the window if we stay in the EU. We voted out, this should be honoured!
The hateMail stole one of my photos too. Eventually, they paid out to a charity. The copyright owner of the video may be able to get something out of them. might be a good place to send the money. Or an organisation standing up to brexit.
Jeremy Corbyn admits he would rather see a Brexit deal than a second referendum via
It's funny reading all the manipulative tweets from about Neil Warnock in regard to Brexit. Why do you find it necessary to mention foreigners i.e. foreign club owners &amp; players? Brexit doesn't mean stopping immigration, but having the powers to control it
Poor beleaguered Brexit Secretary , having been "100% certain" we were having a meaningful vote last year, when mentions "Portsmouth", blurts out . He has met , right? iPlayer can categorise this under .
it obvious - just a preparation for BRINO - no BREXIT, No Ferries, No problem other than the death of democracy
FAIL... RINSE AND REPEAT!
Brexit: Lord Hattersley says people should get vote on PM's deal I’ll back him
Politics rarely comes down to a simple choice of one thing or another, but this is one exception. As writes, fascism is on the rise. If you are not actively working against it then you are helping it to happen.
Not many people understand this. It is confusing but it is important to know.
From May 2016. In the UK substitute #Brexit for #Trump.
Uh-oh, Jeremy Corbyn....
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
It’s decision time for Theresa May’s Brexit deal. What happens next?
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay utterly unable to explain Plan B in baffling TV interview
Neil Warnock is 70 years old. If my Nan is anything to go by he can say whatever the fuck he likes.
The BBC trying to make this an anti brexit story..they were all fine before we joined the EU..
One thing helping them here is that Brexit is probably the only thing they can currently unify around (around the Irish position). Immigration/refugee policy, eurozone governance, rise of authoritarian populism - all massively divisive.
His message isn't clear to me what a GE would do in relation to Brexit. Labour are going to have to decide to continue with it or stop it. Either way they lose voters. If he's going to push it then show us what the choice is and how the deadlock is broken so we can move on.
This response makes the nearly 3 years of campaigning to stay in the EU all worth it. I will not give in to despair and intimidation #StopBrexitSaveBritain
If that is the case, why does #SadiqKhan's fear of the far-left prevent him from acting to bring to a halt the savagery and blood-letting we see on the streets of #London - that after all is something within his remit? #BBCNews #Brexit #KnifeCrime #UK #UKLabour #Conservatives
You’re insane... why do you think we work so hard to #stopbrexit because we know it’s going to decimate the north!
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture
The Brexit mess has been caused by traitors like the Liberal Democrats.
Do you? Or are you only against Millionaires that don't agree with your views on Brexit?
#Stirling, February, Sunday, the 24th #keepScotlandtheBrand
He has a point. The tail is wagging the dog- Brexit hardliners have been steering the Tory party for a while.
That building they’re worried about already burned down when they offered voters Brexit or Brexit
Why doesn't Neil Warnock just fuck off? 75 year old millionaire, who won't feel the full affects of Brexit, says 'screw the rest of the world'. Useless shite of a man.
Not to mention that the shambles that is your brexit process has overshadowed the catastrophic happenings in this country somehow. Austerity, the housing crisis, universal credit and the many other disasters incited by you Theresa you and your government have been betraying the
Well that was a busy time blocking gobby, pretty unpleasant brexiteers. Welcome to Brexit Britain
It’s brexit Britain and any bigoted attitudes are Britain’s responsibility
Diane Abbott Home Secretary, Keir Starmer Secretary of State, John Mc Donnell Chancilor, Emily Thornberry Foreign Secretary, Rebecca Long Bailey, Angela Rayner Education. 6 good reasons why there wont be a Government
JACOB REES-MOGG: Brits have nothing to fear from #Brexit but leaving with a deal is unquestionably best
This is a multiple crisis “on the rim of a constitutional crisis” says Peter Hennessey #brexit #parliament
NOT LONG NOW - SLEEP WELL #Brexit #DitchTheDeal
LOL LOL he can see what it looks like but that's it, he's never going to be PM and why should he?? He and Liebour have nothing to offer the British indigenous citizens AND WE KNOW IT!!!
Advocates of 'yes' in 1975 made no forecasts of the treaties etc the voters would not be directly consulted about including the single market &amp; free movement.
If a motion of no confidence in the govt succeeds then there should be a general election, hopefully, you will lose your seat as well.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Climate Change is the most pressing issue facing London. It’s the most pressing issue facing humanity – globally. It should make Brexit look like a side show.
Lol I can't believe I used to call this woman far left
Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May's deal is voted down
A betrayal. Deliberately trying to ensure we suffer from Brexit negotiations for his own pursuit of power. Impacting on the lives of 70 million people for his own cause.
So the people can’t vote against it in a referendum and MPs in Parliament can’t vote against it - &amp; at the general election May did not secure a working majority - I’m so glad Brexit has meant we can take back control.
2. This said, Corbyn's position is the most nuanced of any of the mainstream parties, attempting to bridge the regional and national fault lines which the Brexit vote exposed. #marr
4. But with deindustrialisation the material basis of class unity has eroded to the point of complete dissipation. Brexit confirms that regional, cultural and national differences increasingly determine people's politics. #marr
Jacob Rees Mogg and others want a ‘Bucks Fizz Brexit’ -The Land of Make Believe.
5. Thus more than a harbinger of the UK's departure from the EU, Brexit is a harbinger of the break-up of the UK. #marr
Usual remainiac verbal buffoonery below today. Bye bye Boles. The only question is how soon the most of the rest of the HoC can follow you out the door while leaving their pensions behind them. If Brexit is not delivered you have got above yourselves and time to go is at hand.
Brexit is bad for UK dental services and research, and for population oral health. Read our letter to calling for to support a people's vote, and the BDA's response:
no bc Northern Ireland and Gibraltar are also leaving so it’s the UK rather than GB.
Checked &amp; this will cover Scotland. These protocols won’t be suitable 4 all medicines &amp; patients, inc medicines for epilepsy - in that case, patients should always be referred back 2 the prescriber for any decision about treatment.
Last season's best attended event updated for 2019 to include the likely effects of Brexit, Tay Cities Deal , Eden Campus and the new University Strategy. BOOK by 12pm TUESDAY. #NEFife #economy #Brexit#TayCitiesDeal #networking #MoreThanNetworking
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strong opposing views on....Brexit? Watch:
Agreed it would be a catastrophic decision, however voting for Mays bill is NOT Brexit .
Probably one of the most accurate but also saddest tweets I've seen in a long time when it comes to #Brexit
Confidence motions, humble addresses, and amendments: Brexit’s procedural dilemmas
The homeless don't pay rent, people using food banks have no money to pay - you're not understanding what absolute poverty means and that Brexit is completely irrelevant to people in that condition - a 2nd ref won't change things for them - a Labour government will ...
Pink Wooden Fairytale Letter O #PeterPan #TheBeatles #Brexit #Christmas2017
Poor snowflakes still clinging to polls while virtue signalling ....................#Brexit and #MAGA
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown #SundayMorning #SundayThoughts
Do your thing Labour Voters.
NEWS! I am excited to announce that my next book will be the novel ‘Words That Kill‘. Exploring themes of hate speech &amp; radicalisation in the post-Brexit, post-Trump world &amp; where the demonisation of vulnerable minorities can lead. Support the crowdfunder
here come the pain ......... {the truth hurts} !
Check it out! ethan883 will do beautiful logo design for $5 on #Fiverr
What happens after Brexit? What is Theresa May's fiscal plan post 29th March for 5 years?. What happens after the stock piles have gone? We know what we won't have but what will UK have you can't live without oxygen?#Brexit
Swearing is not common in our family but at summer march my daughter felt empowered as she shouted bollocks to brexit whilst walking past the suffragette statue.
And that's why we're better being on the same side. #stopBrexit
The Left have been calling everyone &amp; everything Brexit "Far Right" for the last 3 yrs. By blocking democracy and silencing yet more people, yes, you may well be managing to create the Far Right you need &amp; cherish so much to justify your ideology.
#Brexit is a coup by the hard right.
Ahhhh this was fun to read a week after moving to Madrid
Tamara, This is completely Fake, EU have been Absolutely clear, Negotiations Ended. May has the only arrangements, there is No Deal and the UK can Revoke Art 50 and Remain. A GE with pie in the sky Labour win will not change policy = Art 50 will not be Extended for GE Brexit
It gets so trendy in this coutry to tell you there's nothing to do with Brexit when losing jobs.
Love the way got a lesson on how to pronounce "gilets jaunes" on yesterday's lefty march, but then mispronounced it as "gilets jeunes" (young jackets") in his intro for today's #Brexit item. Très amusant for an ex Europe Editor who lived in Brussels! #bbcwato #tw2
Really valuable opinion from an oaf who spits at little girls in cars
Genuinely think the only reason for him to support this deal is because he now realises that there is the possibility Brexit won't happen if he doesn't accept this deal.
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
Tbh they do, but echo chambers only allow one point of view. Whether they are right or wrong, there is the information from both sides of the debate. Until people vote Lib Dems over the new old labour you'll still get Brexit.
Good to see you are still against a losers vote and in support of Brexit
Facepalm.
Clear now that only Jeremy Corbyn can deliver the Brexit that 76% of Labour voters don't want.
This is the problem with elected &amp; un elected officials, they don't act in the best interest of the people who voted for them &amp; in the case of the #Brexit referendum they aren't following the will of the people (majority) who wanted to leave the #EU. Bring on the #YellowVestsUk
Delay Brexit if deal is rejected, Dominic Grieve tells Theresa May no go back to country
The Guardian is a rag that peddles appalling half truths and downright lies!
The sooner the better then we can get past this tortuous and ridiculously convoluted fence-sitting by the party on #Brexit.
Brexiteers know what Brexit is. A Remain cabinet, with a Remain Parliament, and a Remain civil service, and a mostly Remain media, have conspired to fuck it up.
There's nothing Cabinet can do to sell this Bungled &amp; Failed Deal Only threats of bullying, scare tactics and endless attempts to subvert democracy Led by incincere 'Its in National Interest' All driven by PMs devious obsession for her place in history Any Brexit At any COST
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
Rebel MPs 'plot coup to seize control of Brexit and sideline May' - Evening Standard Force a second referendum cos you don’t like a result, so democratic of you government. YOU SERVE THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE. DO WHAT THEY VOTED FOR. #Brexit #shame
Yep! Scotland is being sold down the river with the Brexit, if it happens: it changes a great deal for the country, and were I Scottish, I'd be furious about being tied to England in this mess. They were strongly Remain, and they have a right to be represented in that.
I had the assumption that this was tied to Brexit slowly blowing up in the conservative's face. It's just been appalling to read. Since I'm not there and have a skewed perception, is there any public refuting of these stories?
At this point, I say stop Brexit but demand law sovereignty. Protest if we have too. Initiate extreme vetting of immigrants for any terrorists background and kick them out. ensure English-Lessons for migrants to ensure they adapt to our culture.
Yep, but as we know Dave, Brexit was never about economic migrants actually from Europe. It was about asylum seekers illegal immigrants mainly from African countries who were never part of the EU. Peddled by the Mail and the Sun
via Second Brexit referendum campaign fear it's 'game over' unless Corbyn backs a People's Vote
Nice!
and this is why i have zero respect for politicians. They are worse than 5 year olds squabbling.
For child abuse ?
Why are they promoting this as can not think of anyone outside of Cardiff and Sheff fans who like Colin WAnker
Weak arguement, of course cheaper goods can be beneficial but won't be cheaper if £ is weakened by Brexit! Buying British supports UK jobs &amp; the point was about UK jobs. Cheaper imports can undermine jobs &amp; our economy, tax revenue etc. Brexit more likely to be damaging overall.
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown Suffer not Your neighbor's affliction Suffer not Your neighbor's paralysis But extend your hand Extend your hand Suffer not The paralysis of your neighbor Suffer not But extend your hand
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
daughter told me yesterday she was upset with grandma (mother in law) because, and I kid you not, grandma said: "I voted #Brexit because I am sick of brown people coming here and breeding with the white people" The goes to Catholic Church every Sunday
Is that the joke of the day #DREAMER# if he gets in to number 10 ... sadly this country will go down hill future as it is today ......
Poland's secretary of state for international dialogue criticises the EU for '"refusing to compromise" on the #Brexit deal. "A little bit of give on Brussels' part would be good" because the current situation is a "disaster for everybody"
Paris attracts biggest US insurer after Brexit #PeoplesVote
The Slovakia plant was started in 2015, well before Brexit, as reported in Guardian. It’s built now at a cost of £1 billion. Main reason was low cost of Labour in Slovakia. This has happened to Americans by companies moving to Mexico. Hence the rise of Trump.
4’s are Brexit as fuck
Brexit as been like being on a coach outing with 49 other people where u &amp; 25 vote to go to Brighton &amp; 24 vote to go to Margate. One of the 24 jumps into the driver's seat, takes you to somewhere near Margate then blames u &amp; ur 25 mates for not ending up where u wanted to go
So Mark Mardell is a Burke . His analysis that Brexit vote was the mob made real and if we impose a form of Brexit as 17.4 Million voted democratically we are allowing the mob to take power over Parliament and the electorate #theworldthisweekend
Well there you go
He’s got ‘balls’; that’s Brixton McDs. Brexit = emboldened racists... Great that no one reacts to this Buffoon!
I’d rather be ruled by Britain which is part of the EU. NHS funding will be hit by Brexit and staff vacancies will rise. Net result: NHS gets worse and the sick suffer. Is Brexit worth it?
Yes it was great to see your Brexit coalition with the Conservative party.
A Brexit-backing hedge fund titan now says Britain won't actually leave the EU, and is betting big on the pound -
'To hell with the rest of the world' What? 28% of his squad are from the rest of the world! Warnock is the definition of #Brexit Stupid, shortsighted and managing a sinking ship.
Labour conference recognised the #Brexit referendum result which has reminded you on many occasions unlike the centrists who want a #PeoplesVote supported by your media
I avoid satire Nicky!
“They has a referendrum”
Brexit failure a catastrophic breach of trust
JLR job losses are nothing to do with Brexit. It’s deceitful to imply it is.
There's nothing Cabinet can do to sell this Bungled &amp; Failed Deal Only threats of bullying, scare tactics and endless attempts to subvert democracy Led by incincere 'Its in National Interest' All driven by PMs devious obsession for her place in history Any Brexit At any COST
Fuck sake. Don’t need brexit debate in football. It’s all over the fucking place. Leave it out
The Daily Mail sales meltdown given a %. Confirmation?
Because the leavers support his personal leadership, because of Momentum union member loyalty...
&amp; other media promoted the unicorn of Brexit &amp; allowed politicians to lie about its effects. This is why we are in this mess. Politicians are terrified of telling the people they conned them.
I would prefer a brexit where we stay close to the EU, brexit under this government would be a disaster in more ways than just trade and economics. On the economics we need to stay in the CU and remain linked to the SM IMO, May's plan is opposed to that.
B ritish B ullshit C orporation Owened by the Mockingbird group, run by Pedophiles and globalist elites, they should be dissolved and destroyed, like our current government.
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit – BBC Sport
I'm not sure why you're worrying about them. *Brexiters don't want May's deal and *that may "stop Brexit". I don't think the rest of the country is up for jeopardising their livelihoods for your Brexit.
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
IMAGINE AFTER THE BREXIT. IN BRAZIL WE PAY FOR THREE WITH INCOM TAXES. CHECK SÃO PAULO BRANCH MANTAINANCE. THE WORST ... EVEN WARRANTY. WE DONT DRIVE IN LONDON. BUT BENTLY AND MERCEDES BENZ BRAZIL HIT YOU . LAST JAGUAR YEAR... UNFORNATNELLY JMARRIOTT MENDES. IMAGINE NOW
Your inability or unwillingness to provide any anti-Brexit leadership means I cannot vote for your party. You are complicit in the calamity awaiting this country after Brexit, and at the last election I voted for you in error.
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain’s EU exit: Brexit minister
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
Wouldn’t be surprised if Brexit hacks away at those majorities - and Scottish could hardly be blamed, since staying in UK was pitched as staying in the EU. Whatever the constitutional details, that injustice has to be addressed.
Well said Mr Warnock. We voted it's done let government get on with Brexit. The people had their say, you cant reverse turn because it's not going your way or you undermind the whole of democracy. Brexit voted for by people so do the people's will
Losers vote we already been there
Investment banks radically scaling back estimates of Brexit job losses by via
is there any hope Brexit will not happen? You appear to have your fingers on the pulse.
BREXIT
After Brexit it's time to invest in British staff instead off invading the world and pinching other countries health services staff.
These people really are genuinely that stupid.
The book "Brexit and Ireland" by #TonyConnelly is an *excellent* contribution to the subject - allowing UK readers an English language perspective that is not fixed to any UK ideology. It includes commentary on some of the "behind-the-scenes" initiatives. (ISBN: 9780241982426)
MoD sends planners to ministries over post-Brexit border fears
That’s part of the reason we are in this mess, most of the MPs of both parties think Brexit is stupid so they are convinced they have to implement something they don’t agree with.
I’ve been considering it for two decades and very firmly still want to leave, it least so we don’t have to pay for EU technocrats and MEP’s and their gold plated pensions!
There’s almost no evidence that they would win, pre-Brexit. Post total massive chaos, yes. Very likely. But I heavily doubt I’ll be part of it.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote #NEWS
Surprised didn't mention the housing crisis in Dublin in his report on Ireland / Brexit - the massive issues with infrastructure. Also, the fact that 60% of recruitment to multinationals in Ireland is from outside the state - Ireland has become a neoliberal dystopia!
Britain is facing a constitutional crisis. Time for the Crown to step in &amp; force traitor MPs to implement the will of the people. That, or we’ll do it ourselves #BrexitBetrayal #NoDeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Is that Dave platts piss I can hear boiling. Warnock and Brexit, he will have spat his Costa coffee out and spilt his guacamole all over his IKEA sofa
A poignant immigrant story of working hard in a community and now being faced with brexit.
The roar of a dinosaur
Having spent 12 hours in the A &amp; E department of the RVH last night with my daughter, 10 hours waiting to be seen by a doctor, I've major concerns about how Brexit will impact on an essential service that's already floundering, the staff are amazing.
If the referendum is no longer relevant due to it being 2 years ago and you say we didn't know what we were voting for then I say we have a general election every two years as we didn't know at that time that all the parties would not implement brexit as per their manifesto
I feel terrible let down by the opposition not having a clear opinion what to do about Brexit. That makes the opposition even less relevant than the government who (at the least) say what they want to do...
Joanna Cherry QC MP - Keynote Speech "Brexit the tale of two Unions" via
In other words: May's deal is better than "no deal". But make no mistake: it's still a terrible deal that will cost jobs and make the UK poorer and less influential.
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
Kev, I doubt whether Rambo, Spider-Man, Darth Vader and Mr Bean could sort Brexit/No Brexit or Half a Brexit out!!!! Have a good Sunday
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
MPs going to have a constitutional coup to stop Brexit? They will regret it!
Why is it so challenging for those elected to do what the UK citizens instructed them to do? They are forgetting both their purpose &amp; their implicit condescending tone in ignoring will of Referendum. #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
If T.May gets her WA through (not a chance) and we drop into this Backstop, we will not get out without France/Germany getting existing fishing rights and Spain getting Gibraltar
She doesn't believe a word of what she says herself. It makes her rich to come out with this garbage. No wonder she "loves Brexit." Hopefully she will disappear into the shadows soon with her hateful drivel.
Agree House Of Lords has shown maturity, experience, &amp; a level of common sense in the Brexit debates that at times had been lacking in Commons.
Just finished watching this. It is very well done and scary to believe this is how the Leave Campaign won.
He's only the Minister for Exiiting the EU - he doesn't know future plans because his sole purpose is ro provide a fig leaf for May to continue to frustrate Brexit. Disgusting behaviour
The King has spoken
Listen back to to with and on climate change also on Brexit and with news from US. Moderated by on
Neil Warnock is just bitter because after 52 years in football, he's played at 8 clubs and has managed 15 clubs (2 twice) and has not once qualified for Europe.
You're not so much a stopped clock as you are a tape loop.
Lol another one....
I look forward to next season when Cardiff are in the Championship and Neil Warnock isnt able to sign a player from French league 2 due to a work permit being denied &amp; he rants on why this isnt fair #Brexit &amp; English players being too expensive etc.
At long last some Tory MPs have come to their senses over #Brexit. It ain’t a coup, though. It’s Parliament finally doing what it should have been doing for over two years: #exitBrexit
There's nothing Cabinet can do to sell this Bungled &amp; Failed Deal Only threats of bullying, scare tactics and endless attempts to subvert democracy Led by incincere 'Its in National Interest' All driven by PMs devious obsession for her place in history Any Brexit At any COST
One good thing about #brexit it has put MPs under the spotlight.. All we see is very very low quality people..
This is the perfect explanation of the Brexit quandary.
Corbyn has now indicated twice his preference to renegotiate the deal rather than a referendum. He's using the woolly conference motion to push his own view on Brexit.
This.
That’s quite interesting actually, I’m not too surprised that there’s little support in the press for a election or a no deal Brexit.The list shows a slim majority against tbe deal but perhaps the lack of a consensus on how to proceed if May’s deal could work in her favour.
Assets Worth 800 Billion Pounds To Shift From UK To EU Due To Brexit
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture
Oh for goodness sake get things bloody right!!
I totally agree that we can't be held to blackmail bu 1% of nutters. But when 46% still want brexit - revoking it without going back to the country will not help us agree to put it behind us.
Not clear why this would be a bad thing, when govt is so dysfunctional: “This is extremely concerning,” a Number 10 source said. “If successful this would give MPs powers to control not only what happens to Brexit legislation but all legislation.
BBCSport: Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strong opposing views on....Brexit? Watch:
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote - Sky News
Isn’t the Sun more relevant to the discussion about how public figures are being treated over Brexit than the example of the publisher?
Many things about Warnock scream Mr Brexit. This might be the most Brexit statement ever as well. No evidence to back anything up just outlandish statements. Welcome to 2019 ladies and gents.
Not unlike the Daily Mail, Rothermere, and Joe Kennedy, and the House of Windsor fascist adherents, wanting to avoid bloodshed, faced with a challenge from Nazism. They would have preferred an authoritarian state, so made the excuse that war must be avoided.
He thought a Scottish #IndyRef would end calls for Indy &amp; kill off the #SNP He thought a UK #Brexit referendum would end calls for #Brexit &amp; kill off #UKIP His judgement made a sows ear out of a silk purse Ha...sow...
I am very disappointed in the ignorance shown by Mr Warnock when commenting on Brexit. He has used his position as an employee of your club to offer a political opinion on something he clearly has no clue about. Good luck with handling him.
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit – BBC Sport
The implication appears to be that not all Brexiteers are stupid, but all stupid people are Brexiteers?
NO-DEAL BREXIT isn't a bad deal. It's will be a bit of a waiting game to find a deal in the future.
And what the born again socialists despise (allegedly) about “Blairism”. This is a classic of its kind.
Seen that be no surprise when Brexit comes around proper teams like Burnley and ‘Uddersfield will be running the prem. proper players like Deeney and Cattermole will be worth £60mil+ #scary #properplayers
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
Corbyn is spouting utter bull shit.Does he not check his facts before mouthing incorrect views?What an embarrassing little man he is meant to be the leader of the opposition for gods sake, statesman he is not.
Not exactly
#england is about to go full retard
Fully understand that, I do disagree though that we need to find a middle ground, Brexit is binary. If Leave wins the 2016 ref then we leave, if Remain wins then we remain. Anything in between makes no one happy
Nothing to do with Brexit
Clinging on to the desperate hope that “negotiates” might turn out to be a euphemism for “bins off”.
And #TheresaMay, stop employing the hate filled #DailyMail to intimidate fellow politicians and create a hostile environment for the rest of the country. You have no low just like Trump. #Brexit
Easy to say that when u are a millionaire. Who voted brexit: the racists, old people, the rich and the middle class coz all they care about is not having immigrants, brexit won’t affect them financially so ‘the hell with the rest of the world’ for them
Do you seriously think deliberately going against over Brexit is worth this...?
I'm confused here. How is a second referendum undemocratic when: 1. Nigel Farage wanted one should remain win ( 2. A lot more information is now available on the impact of brexit. 3. We vote in general elections every x years as standard.
Brexit means Brexit limbs onto some Spanish mush
Feck me, I thought brexit was a bad idea. I thought trump was a bad idea. I thought sticking a fork in a toaster was a bad idea. Then suggested a manager buy his own players. SMASHing idea.
I totally agree and maybe postpone a referendum,now perhaps is not the climate to have a rational vote.Let’s plan a potential Brexit plan in detail in the future if there is a plan, clearly missing up to now. If you can’t find a solution to a problem then eliminate the problem
Everyone thought the same in 2017. Labour proved them wrong because people are concerned about housing, education, NHS etc as well as Brexit. 78% of seats we need to take from Tories voted Leave, 72% of our most vulnerable seats voted Leave. We can’t afford to ignore Leave voters
Whole thing was worthless. All it proved is that a poorly thought out referendum based on false promises, outright lies &amp; fraud will end badly. Now majority of country want to stay within EU and want Brexit killed off as quickly as possible. We want to get back to normal.
You appear to be completely out of step with you party and your leader, but that’s nothing new is it Chukka? #Brexit #UKLabour
Tories will only ever deliver on their terms and it looks like losing the next general election to suck up to the EU. Must be personal interests first, country second and forget democracy.
Be forever vigilant.
38 seconds.
This was inevitable as May's government is authoritarian verging on dictatorial, all of their policies are shrouded in secrecy and NDA's especially as regards Brexit prep - most of which industry insiders, the ones not gagged tell us are going to be a disaster. 4/4
Brexit: EU to reassure May with pledge for trade deal by 2021
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
On any other subject, MPs like Peter Bone would be demanding that the Commons should be able to schedule its own business. On Brexit he's looking the other way. #wato
Tories will win a general election by a bigger margin. Because many of us won't vote Labour again only to be told we once again voted for Brexit. People are pulling that crap now and theyll do it again.
Warnock is a clown.
fake posts - all made up by an EU fanatic pretending Brexit is racist - profile been making up dozens of tweets on all sorts, next month it will be something else
There’s only one thing Remoaners hate more than #Brexit #Democracy #StandUp4Brexit
Stubborn stupid. #Brexit was voted for based on campaign promises by and Let these people come with a deal which includes these promises. If they can, the deal will be accepted. If not, the referendum was a fraud and an honest one should be held.
#Brexit #BrexitDeal #SundayThoughts Northern Ireland’s DUP holds fast against May’s Brexit deal via
The biggest loss of life the Cromwellian New Model Army suffered was in Ireland when an Irish speaking commander outsmarted them, a man who had fought in Europe. A hard Brexit would mean we must drastically improve our engagement and our cultural links with mainland Europe.
Defiant Tory MP Nick Boles tells local deselection plotters he will 'not be bullied' in major Brexit row via your constituents voted overwhelmingly to Leave you pledged to honour #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Interesting comments on what Brexit chaos says about the British constitution from 'A cobbled-together, unwritten constitution is a major reason why no one knows how to take control and guide us out of this mess'
Worth watching - John Mann and Anne-Marie Trevelyn - both talked much sense and I suspect their thinking is much closer aligned to reality than the Betfair market on Brexit Date and EU referendum.
The Sunday Poll (after reading the latest ravings of the Warnock):
The Brexit Deal is a joke.
Facts caused Brexit
Interesting comments on what Brexit chaos says about the British constitution from 'A cobbled-together, unwritten constitution is a major reason why no one knows how to take control and guide us out of this mess'
If the WA was Brexit you would be able to tell me when we will have freedom to sign free trade agreements and when we will make our final payments to Brussels. WA is not Brexit.
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B
Over 600 didn't sign it. More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
Theresa May knows in her heart of hearts that Brexit is bad - very, very, bad, for both the UK &amp; Ireland. Her locked-in syndrome prevents her from coming out &amp; coming clean...she knows that Brexit will destroy the union &amp; destroy millions of lives: but she must do it regardless!
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain #financeNews
If you had to ask what Premier League manager is pro-Brexit, I think the majority of folk would go for Warnock.
No-deal Brexit ferry contract handed to firm with no boats because UK wanted 'to support a new British business'
Deadass I knew there was something fishy about brexit ... huh all lies
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture
Why so dismissive ? People have been far too slow to realise the power of not voting, and the importance of our freedom not to do so. The second referendum itself is would be outrage (even more than the first was) , and shouldn't be condoned.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Corbyn here saying that a no-deal brexit would be catastrophic and that the long term effects would be huge. *We will do everything we can to prevent a no deal exit.* Why won't Theresa May rule out no deal? #Marr
Logic isn't your strong point. People have already lost jobs because of brexit. There will be more which ever party is in power. There is no jobs first brexit. Supporting labour is supporting poverty .
No, you voted for no deal, however plenty of people voted for promises made by Brexit leaders at the time everything from remaining in the customs union to a promise on a bus. Everyone now knows what a no deal Brexit means, so why are you scared of a #PeoplesVote ?
You missed out Corbyn twitcher on your profile description. That is your favourite pass time isn't it
There is only a couple of people who I would vote for to be PM, Rees-Mogg and Anne Marie Waters the rest are shit, not even 100% convinced of Mogg either.
Imagine Britain stays in EU and he is a PM!!!
Corbyn you are part of the division in UK Politics: Perhaps this is the kind of democracy you want DR CONGO VOTED Don’t worry:if the SHOOTING and TEARGAS doesn’t work Just have another People’s Vote same as UK want:if you still don’t get what you want VOTE AGAIN After Brexit
Average age of Leave voters is 55, and the pro-brexit marches consistently attract tiny crowds compared to pro-EU ones. I think we can handle that.
Taking back control? Brexit seems to offer exactly the opposite
Would this donkey of Shrek be Pro Brexit or favour a second referendum, asking for a friend?
Oh look, an unbiased EU document. I wonder what Japan themselves have said?
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture
Sorry, but the only thing both the Conservatives and Labour are both currently interested in is themselves. Never been so embarrassed by the politicians of our country. All of them. They’ve both played party-politics with Brexit. Terribly.
Leave has been found to have broken electoral law and it’s now known that every single one of the promises they made are undeliverable! Respect the vote but people have to be given another chance now that we can see what an absolute disaster brexit will be!
Well you wouldn’t be facing deselection if you did your job and supported #Brexit
I do not think there is time for all of this. You can't have a GE and a Brexit deal before the end of March. The EU will not offer an extension unless it gets something in return.
Tell your son to go to europe for a job. Oh wait he cant he wont get any alliwances from eu states. PS Brexit hasnt happened yet.
If you’re a Solicitor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
"Ahead of Vote, UK PM May Warns It Would Be Catastrophic to Halt Brexit"
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair via #sks8 #london
Brexit won't create any job. We are together
That’s his plan to fix brexit then he can go back on his promise to honour the out vote
No she isn't. JK is a lifelong labour voter and shes critising Corbyn for his pursuit of a hard Brexit. A policy which will directly hit the poorest the hardest.
Raising the profile of some really important issues around Brexit, if not THE most important. The crisis of trained and competent NHS staff...
If there's a #PeoplesVote the fascists will be angry If May's deal succeeds the fascists will be angry If there's no deal, the fascists will be angry, and blame us when the economy tanks, and there's medicine shortages. They will never be happy.
Haha FBPE mob ! The reason we are not leaving as per the referendum is because TM lost her majority in last GE. People in that GE voted for the MPs who would represent them. Maj of MPs against Brexit. Unfortunately, that is our 'democracy' like it or not.
For pity’s sake, even I know this basic stuff and I’m nobody!
Impressive
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
#Brexit is getting real in the Netherlands...
Vince Cable just comes across as out of his depth on every issue... flounders consistently.... #Brexit
We're gonna win the World Cup after Brexit.
"Why have facts and figures when you can have feelings!"
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain
UK PM warns of 'breach of trust' on Brexit
This Brexit rant is absolutely perfect
No! Why are Remainers asking for a #peoplesvote When they know they will ignore,unless it’s Remain that wins,this is clear because they’ve ignored the Brexit vote so far &amp; are bypassing the FACT that we LEAVE in LAW on March 29th, DEAL or NO DEAL! #bananarepublic
If it’s not broken don’t fix it Now it’s ok don’t Brexit
Deluded to the bone. I gave up on this chap.
The big Brexit exodus? UK firms set to shift £800 billion in assets to EU countries — RT UK News
#sundaymorning #marr Attention - calling all #fbpe, #remain, #waton, #peoplesvote, #stopbrexit, #gtto or #toriesout In the remaining weeks, please sign and retweet this direct-to-Brussels #brexit petition to keep our rights
Have to say though, almost fondly remembering that time in politics, almost nostalgic. Seems like the sunny uplands compared to this kids eating out of bins Brexit dystopian nightmare. There is no longer satire only politics.
How have remainers “caused this”? Brexiters have had 3 years to put in place plans for their Brexit and abjectly failed - Davis, Raab and Fox etc. Own your shit!! It is a fantasy and the people know it. #cleanvote #peoplesvoteNOW
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of #Brexit deal vote: British carers, caterers… #Brexit #ClickBait
It’s a shame isn’t the person responsible for negotiating Brexit, I know I’d sleep better at night!
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
You tell me what it should be Chris. You're the #Brexit fan!
England has no say in our independence! They are instrumental in us leaving though! Brexit is a mess- Scotland at least, has another path..
“Fake Laws” Wut?
It's mad we thought voting Labour we would get a party to bring Tories down. Not so, they are duplicitous with the Tories.
May and the Tory government have made the end of freedom of movement the cornerstone of their Brexit policy. The leave campaign was overtly anti immigration and immigrant. The plight of these women are due to Brexit. Own it.
These are the people Grayling mentioned upsetting right? No Brexit and these people get mad? I'm in!
He is an f’ing disgrace in so many ways. Completely despise him and his remain cronies!
A must watch!
Polish minister criticises the EU for "refusing to compromise" on the #Brexit agreement. "A little bit of give on Brussels' part would be good" because the current situation is a "disaster for everybody"
What? But, there's no more negotiating to do. Unless they change their red lines...
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture
It’s decision time for Theresa May’s Brexit deal. What happens next? | Analysis
Brexit means Brexit
Let's not forget that the rest of the #Tories have allowed her to do it!! #Brexit
Voted brexit but still want to go on holiday in to an EU country?
Don't bother MPs with the facts, they know what they want to believe. #wato
‘Get us out’: #Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up #ARYNews
He's dithering over Brexit above water, rubbing his hands together under it
Never be a brand of incompetence.
I voted Remain but to be fair, whatever gets Brexit out of the news cycle the quickest gets my vote. We've got fucking years of this left.
“Given where we now are, “no deal” in fact provides the maximum possible certainty. Moving to WTO rules is as unambiguous as this bungled Brexit can now be.”
The U.K. govt have already made clear that any post Brexit spending increases for the NHS will be funded through increased taxation. You wouldn’t be advocating tax increases there would you Chloe?
If Brexit's extended, cancelled or even delivered in name only, it'll happen before EuroParl elections. Eurosceptic voters across EU will see it and remember how Brussels and corporatist politicians treat dissenting voters. They'll vote populist in unforeseen numbers 1/2
MPs urge PM to clarify Chris Grayling's post-Brexit border pledge
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?
One unique way to avoid reading about #Brexit in the #Sunday papers is 1) not to buy them and 2) take pics of swans on the #Serpentine instead. #toptip
Countdown to 'Catastrophe?' Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns of it would be disasterous to halt Brexit. Lawmakers probably will do just that.
330,000 signatures.... Keep signing #Brexiteers #marr #ridge #brexit #NoDealBrexit
Have you at last figured it out? The plutocrats have decreed no to Brexit. Why don't you serfs just get it and shut up? Democracy - an illusion, an opiate to keep the unwashed believing their voices are heard.
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit: Brexit minister
What does Brexit have to do with my tweet?
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
And if there was an election instead, who would stand as Tory leader - can we tell anything from social media? (Answer - not really, but what impact might Brexit exposure have on candidates?)
UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit: pro-EU party leader
On tomorrow's IN2 the Morning at 10am on I'll be letting you know what you'll need in your No-Deal #Brexit Survival Kit + its the final week of IN2 the morning before something new comes!! #IN2DerbyRadio
#lbc can people not see the likes of are leaving not because of #Brexit but because of cheap labour. Why open plants in Slovakia and China if they are struggling. The people of this country need to open their eyes
Labour's brexit unicorns are not real.
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal
‘The struggle against Brexit’ what is your struggle for - to put aside the votes of 17.4 million of your compatriots? I don’t savour the politics of the future if you succeed.
#brexit last week three member states provided official guarantees to : #Portugal #Germany #Italy and yet not a single news channel has reported this! Why is that?
it's okay you can always get the Mail arrested and have the law changed so no paper can criticise you! #FreeSpeech #Democracy #Brexit #Safeplace
You did, they want May's deal and think this will stop any chance of it and might lead to brexit on WTO terms.
Busecon2012 "Jacob Rees Mogg and others want a ‘Bucks Fizz Brexit’ -The Land of Make Believe.
It’s almost as if some unseen hand is manipulating things. Or is that a Russia to judgment? Am I Putin the wrong slant on matters?
So vote in Corbyn, get Brexit, break up the UK by empowering the SNP and vote for socialism.... makes David Cameron’s tenure seem reasonable
Apparently parliament is running out of time to get through about 6 very important legislation bills before brexit. But they can find time for all this crap.
Moral of the story ... never trust an Englishman’s word! #Brexit BBC News - The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
You do realise you are utterly out of touch with public feeling right now? There’s no unicorn Brexit - for gods sake man, if you aren’t willing to listen to the voices of your party and those of the EU it’s time to step down
So May has no actual cards left and is trying to just guilt people into doing Brexit?
Well then, you'll get Brexit with increased austerity
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
What is happening in world, can any Indian astrologer can predict the reason for so much turmoil like Mexican wall, brexit, French riot and turmoil in Indian election 2019?
Andy Sshot, I couldn't care less how you voted in the Brexit referendum.... but what word would you use to identify the phrase you used .... 'people who voted to leave' ? Hint, it's a noun recognised by Collins English Dictionary.... whatever it is, you are still a silly assumer.
Jeremy Clarkson slams Brexit voters as ‘coffin-dodging idiots who don’t want to live next door to Syrians’
Well Mr Corbyn you have done nothing positive towards Brexit from the day the referendum was discussed. Sat on fence terrified you might say something that will impact on your popularity political policies. With no financial backbone that will leave our kids paying for your debt
I like this one: SimonOak3 NJamesWorld Of course I hate that! I don't need a millionaire's advice to know that I'm free and safe in 27 other countries. Anyone with more than 2 brain cells now knows that #Brexit is a crime. We wi…
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair via #sks8 #London
The latest The Construction UK Daily! #brexit #cybersecurity
is anyone else NOT surprised that the first PL manager to show verbal support for Brexit is Neil?
I wouldn’t trust Chris Grayling to put my bin out so I’m not minded to swallow his suggestions on the future of my country. #ChrisGraylingJarOfTruth #LiarsBrexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #Brexit #chrisgrayling
Hopefully aus pathetic deal is rejected and then we go true brexit WTO
Chaos and discord rule the day, and I'm stunned that so many fail to see what is going on.
any option work? A new election doesn’t unstick it, a hard brexit buggers us, May’s Brexit is as hapless as Corbyn’s would be, no Brexit will be used against the country forever more. So maybe 2nd vote is as good as it gets.
Whatever people may think of him as an orator, he is increasingly showing himself as unsuitable to be Prime Minister of this country. Yet another minority leader, leading a minority party down the garden path. Is this the best a nation of 67m can produce?
Everyone has already seen that the WA is not Brexit as it shackles the UK to the EU. Yet she carries on regardless, trying to pass her deal as 'Brexit'. I predict a 2nd vote on the same WA. Parliament is being cheapened by a farce made with only one purpose, to remain.
Brexit means...
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
Will Mr Corbyn be campaigning for Brexit?
But they wouldn’t be able to get together to make plans as the railways are fucked so I don’t think we should worry too much.
if you kill Brexit you will have told the British people that peaceful change cannot be enacted through voting and will take Britain into a phase it has not been in before. Lying oligarchy is a tyranny. Tyrants must fall.
He is worse than may. He avoids the brexit question all the time. He is a slippery snake politician.
We need a Brexit Party, that has nothing to do with UKIP, but will fight to free us from the EU’s clutches.
If you don't vote then that says you are fine with either result. So 50+% are for Brexit.
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain
Cross party politics required to resolve this #BrexitChaos plus needs to come clean on a not try and deliver his version of #Brexit - sound reasoning from
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
Prattling on about he can't wait for brexit. Utter fanny
The EU is not to blame here for God's sake. This is AFTER Brexit. This is purely attributable to a xenophobic government desperately trying to pander to the lowest common denominator of its potential electorate
What a cunt. Only just starting to like Leeds again after his shit show
Media spin on Jaguar job losses needs a reverse gear – the news is nothing to do with Brexit via
Nothing to do with Brexit directly, everything to do with a drop in diesel sales, China sales and the #EU funding a move to mainland Europe. I call that asset stripping of our UK and there's more to come if we don't #Brexit no deal, no money, no problem, simple.
Put simply, Labour are the party of 'Soft-Brexit,' not the part of 'Remain.'
Warnock a typical old Brexit gammon
You are not qualified to discuss Brexit. You were disqualified from voting irrespective of what passport you have. That speaks for itself.
Labour still don’t have a Brexit stance. If there was a general election tomorrow, the Tories would win - which, given how abysmal they are - says everything about the current Labour Party. Truly disheartened by it all.
Hey, did that big yellow bus stop Brexit or...?
I have no particular position, except to say that the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Every attempt at creating a utopia has resulted in quite the opposite. Striving for a perfect system is not only an impossible goal, it's a dangerous one.
How is the public ever going to follow when politicians endlessly gets muddled up? #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #HumanRights #citizensrights
Revealed: Pro-Brexit yellow vest rally 'organiser' is Tommy Robinson's bodyguard
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain with move to London
We won't take lectures from Major who foolishly signed the UK up to the disastrous ERM and, without offering the public a vote, the Maastricht treaty He claims another referendum would be decisive [but of course he means decisive only if Remain win]
I've gotten to a point where I am just blocking labour pundits. I am sick of their lies, I am sick of being ignored and called a liar around brexit by them. I am sick of being demonised despite being 48% of the electorate. The only avenue left, is Scottish Independence.
I came down from Yorkshire in one of a number of coaches that came from the north. Whilst a lot of this article resonates, not all in the north come from depressed cities which get EU funded projects.The rural northerners will be hit hard by Brexit.
A lot has changed since 2016 and Brexit has turned into a national embarrassment. Please support giving the people the #FinalSay on Brexit, including the option to remain.
Best Oxymoron example I've ever seen; 'Britons Abroad are feeling abandoned' (??) Hmm...
If he cared about the country he'd renounce Brexit entirely. It's not the 80s, stopping that cheap influx of labour is going to do nothing for the working man. Corbyn is just another blinded ideologue who's proven to be worse than useless.
One for Made me laugh when I first saw it!
You will feel Brexit worse than most when Toyota and Rolls Royce leave
No party is better than an S Club Party
by beg do you mean incentivize? With more competitive wages perhaps? Check name of journo, hence anti-brexit spin, but core is costs rising more than wages. 2nd paragraph.
#BBC #wato using "usurp" to describe Parliament's assertion of its rights, &amp; seems to accept the *false* line that #Brexit is the so-called "will of the people". Care needed to avoid #BBCbias
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
We only hate you, Ethel.
So why can't the various parties join forces for the sake of the country instead of splitting the votes, UKIP, For Britain and the DVP to name a few. You could then possibly attract a lot of other pro Brexit talent from the main parties #Brexit
Only flexible enough to agree what they decide which is not really leaving. I'm a remainer but to think EU are flexible for #Brexit is a little.........
This video is very important to watch and share because the same Putin psy op program damaged the UK, and the same passivity stands in the way of mitigating against the damage as it does in the US. People must tell the truth: to each other and themselves.
A lot has changed since 2016 and Brexit has turned into a national embarrassment. Please support giving the people the #FinalSay on Brexit, including the option to remain.
Mr trump and his family will have to meet up with Nancy to nut something out
watching #brexit unfold is like living in the world's longest anime filler arc like sure there are high stakes at either end of the process but can whatever is gonna happen just happen already
A tad LOL, I have bee a member for a few years I rarely see anything about Brexit until they publish the results. They know everything about you from what tell them when you first join and can from that determine how to skew results to favor who employs them.
Traitors all of them
Corbyn is probably not particularly bothered given his own stance on Brexit. We, the Labour Party members and voters, are though...
The new vanguards of global politics
argues that the threat posed by a No Deal Brexit is so stark for Ireland that the Taoiseach should back down on the ‘backstop’. I disagree but his argument deserves a hearing.
Call an election then the Manifesto will be written
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B - Accept the inevitable and Go! #SocialistSunday #GTTO
N.S. is a resilient individual. Accused of colluding with A.S. Accused of conspiring against A.S. Criticised by allies on social media for not taking sides. And still focused on Brexit/Indy2/ domestic policies.A lot of folk with their own agendas.Nicola's is Scotland's interests.
#hushnow - John Major says revoking Article 50 is ‘the only sensible course’
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?
#Brexit Interesting question, should politicians act on the will of the people or in the best interests of the people. This is a dicotomy that many must be wrestling with.
I think you will find you are going to have a very big problem stopping Brexit , you are finished traitor.
Firms Plan to Move $1 Trillion Out of London Because of Brexit
The normal old propaganda of #poorAfrica.... economic difficulties has pushed for Brexit . Four countries in E.U are under Troika management having no sovereignty on their matters. You want to tell me Yemen and other war torn country are better Africa!!
Second brexit referendum? Why did you all bother having the first vote then? The EU isn't some kind of weird soft dictatorship? That couldn't be it??
It’s not. Don’t believe it has an official position. But they have said they’re worried Brexit won’t happen if May’s deal doesn’t get through.
One of the geniuses here says that foreign language teaching might be hindered by Brexit. Might it have anything to do with UK attitudes towards foreigners and experts? #GeneralElectionNow
When May’s deal is rejected will have finally boxed themselves into a corner. The EU have been convinced by Remainers here that Brexit can be stopped so last minute meaningful renegotiations unlikely, that means it’s either a No Deal Brexit or extension &amp; betrayal.
Corbyn will be the biggest facilitator of Brexit - history will not judge him kindly
Wetherspoons scrapping Jägerbombs sums up everything that’s wrong about Brexit
WATCH: Corbyn prefers Brexit deal to referendum Jeremy Corbyn has said that he would “rather get a negotiated deal” than hold another EU referendum. Appearing on The Andrew Marr Show this morning, the opposition leader said that if Labour fails to forc…
1) Labour (All Marxists now) have no desire to fulfill their constitutional requirements to Exit the EU 2) If there is another GE 1 thing for sure both Major Parties lose out. Pro Brexit Parties will gain massively. 3) Tory failure to deliver Brexit will result in Gov downfall.
Bit again, as has once again been highlighted in the press today, that vote was not binding on anyone. The necessary supermajority could not be reached in HoC and so the referendum was advisory only. There is nothing to force #Brexit in law at all.
It’s this kind of closed off thinking that has made Neil Warnock a true visionary
‘Get us out’: #Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up #ARYNews #Karachi #Pakistan #News
Brexit -75
If it wasn’t for the fact Government time is wholly taken up with the shambles that is Brexit I feel this would be in the headlines. Shocking. No one should be subjectedto this least of all the most vulnerable #autismawareness
It’s the failure of politicians that’s facilitated this not Brexit - the government have failed to support the majority of the people it governs and you reap what you sow - just look at the protests in France and that has nothing to do with Brexit.
Hell yes!
Absolutely - but you are a part of that and you are letting down labour supporters by facilitating a right wing Tory brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
Corbyn with all his stupid promises to the underprivileged.....with not a hope of them happening if we Brexit....he wants Brexit for his own ends..not about to vote for a tricky old Trot.
Who cares if she feels it’s a breach of trust- she’s the one driving blind here. REJECT REJECT and just to be sure REJECT AGAIN
Who are these traitors working for? Remainer MPs plot Brexit 'coup' to take control of Commons business via
It is undemocratic. Keep having referendum until desire results are achieved. I want Brexit. I am an immigrant myself but I am convinced that Brexit is the solution.
C'mon, that's not fair. He probably hasn't received his instructions from London yet.
Corbyn can't get elected unless he stops this ridiculous passion for ruinous Brexit and listens to his voters. Corbyn is an elderly closet Tory Brexiter yet said he voted Remain. He is utterly confused. In spite of his good social policies, he'd be as bad as May re Brexit.
Quasi live from #YellowVest protest in UK..these people are unhappy, that is clear. What could happen if they realize their lives still get worse after a „clean“ #Brexit? Blame EU I guess..
Being rude is an unfortunate side effect of being human, intimidation is a deliberate act, threatening behaviour is an offence...you just can’t handle the fact he’s a result of what Brexit had unleashed.
We're ready to stop Brexit, if you and your party can't promise that then this'll work out the same as the last election. People want this absurdity to end and all you purpose is "do the same as May, but better" and no one wants that. #CancelBrexit
Brexit in a Venn diagram:
Applicants must be anti Brexit and anti Trump!
May’s deal will thwart brexit, only a remainiac could support it!
Hes betrayed us all
I suspect we will see HMG trying to revoke A50 in a panic before April. As for GE, Greece had multiple elections and referendums all giving a new mandate to reduce to pay bailout. The EU continued regardless. A UK GE for 2 pro-Brexit parties will not be entertained in the EU.
"We are tired of experts." #bbcfootball #Brexit
So there it is, Corbyn if PM would shackle us to costumes union therefore not leaving the eu. Got that Labour voters, if that’s ‘your Brexit’ have at it, its not mine or any sane persons either. #Brexit
Shame on you. Poor and young people‘ll pay the price for that bull shit. Are you gonna disappear like the others when Brexit is through? Who’s paying you, idiot ?
So Neil #Warnock is pro #Brexit Who knew? Make him Prime Minister and he'd appoint 10 defence ministers.
BBCSport: Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strong opposing views on....Brexit? Watch:
I cannot recommend this book enough #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Presumably in case a second referendum reverses Brexit.
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain with move to London
On this #SocialistSundsy I would like to give a shout out to child murderer, Brexit betrayer and outright cunt You will no doubt have a visit from #UltimateBarney in the future
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit: British Prime Minister Theresa May warned lawmakers on Sunday that failing to deliver Brexit would be catastrophic for democracy, in a plea for support two days before parliament is…
Ahead of Vote, UK PM May Warns it Would Be Catastrophic to Halt Brexit: British Prime Minister Theresa May warned lawmakers on Sunday that failing to deliver Brexit would be catastrophic for democracy, in a plea for support two days before parliament is…
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit: British Prime Minister Theresa May warned lawmakers on Sunday that failing to deliver Brexit would be catastrophic for democracy, in a… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Via : Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
THIS TUESDAY: BREXIT VOTE $spy $spx $qqq $iwm $eem $btc $eth $dxy $cgc $tlry $cron $gwph $mu $amd $nvda $fb $amzn $aapl $nflx $goog $vix $tvix $sqqq $gm $f $c $jpm $gs $x $xom $twtr $crm $pypl $sq
Andrew #Rawnsley sums up - the PM is a Remainer trying to find a form of Brexit that can satisfy a majority and Corbyn is a Brexiter leading a Remainer party who has little interest in trying to resolve the deadlock
i was talking about you wanting to stop brexit not the e.u as it says breremain etc in the hashtags
Jamie, you had been great player but do not enter to politics. she destroy weak persons.
Aha another sensible person unlike the Brexit thugs, yes we need the trades deals under the EU umbrella not the WTO
Most of the public just want brexit to be done with because it’s all consuming. Yet MP’s are putting their own personal interests above those of country and constituency. They should just support May’s deal, get brexit over with and support the referendum
Attacking children. Children. Does that make you proud?
Nigel Farage Has Three Reasons Why Theresa May Is Right On Delivering Brexit - LBC
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strong opposing views on Brexit #Football
Idiot. You wouldn’t have agreed to any Brexit deal as you are only interested in yourself. You don’t have a clue. Europe has been clear-that is the only deal. You are full of hot air and couldn’t negotiate your way out of a wet paper bag. The U.K. would be worse off under idiotJC
Also, since I'm complaining about the NY Times this morning, it's not really correct to describe Enoch Powell as quoting a "Greek prophecy".
I think you're right. The majority are now against Brexit, and if it is reversed it'll be because of the UK deciding it, not the EU. The UK is sovereign now as it always has been.
Rubbish from you again. Would cause a major recession, which is fine if you have a trust fund, but for the rest of us it's a real problem. You just want to career in as PM after it and launch more austerity-driven policies off the back of it.
Yes but they didn't win by cheating. Not a good analogy in this particular scenario. Plus people have changed their minds over brexit which makes a difference.
It isn't. Enabling the Tories to usher in brexit by dividing the country has led us directly to this mess.
You will get abuse from the 'true believers' who think labour can beat the tories on a brexit stance. They are happy with the lies and fudge, with betrayal of members and the young way to beat the tories is fight brexit, get elected and kill austerity.
Since when was democracy defined by the Will of Big Business? #Brexit #DitchTheDeal
Maybe British politicians should listen to these guys? They know the reality of the situation: Truck drivers express worries over no-deal #Brexit
Gammon FC
Neil Warnock supports Brexit. Says it all really. #Brexit #MOTD #Football #Mug
If you don't drop #Brexit, you will lose the election. #StopBrexitToriesOut #SBTO
. is definitely a Brexit breakfast item
Well done, Neil Warnock. He can replace Lineker anytime, though I still maintain that sporting &amp; entertainment figures should keep their politics to themselves
We the voters are not happy with your stand on Brexit
Is this true Geoffrey?
Neil Warnock on Brexit: 'I can't wait to leave'
Theresa May: Not backing Brexit deal would be 'unforgiveable breach of trust'
I'm sick to death of this on going BS, we voted out, so hurry up and let's get ou!
Sketch: Corbyn's Brexit whoppers are becoming too big to keep a lid on
#ToryBritain appeasing the far-right.
Jeremy Corbyn wants a general election, because he believes that the new government can "negotiate a better withdrawal deal with the EU". What exactly does he think he will gain from the EU, what May did not got in her #Brexit deal?
Petulant &amp; unhinged, #Corbyn loses his temper. I assess his tantrums are an attempt to conceal a flawed mind (very Trumpian), a confused politician, a person out of his depth, &amp; without the necessary intellect needed to calmly negotiate complex politics. He is simply inept.
He's a 70 year old white male with a bit of money, of course he's brexit. But when I read the quote, I was hoping it was tongue in cheek. Seeing it isn't good.
He's a 70 year old white male with a bit of money, of course he's brexit. But when I read the quote, I was hoping it was tongue in cheek. Seeing it isn't good.
Forget Brexit for a moment. THIS is why we need a GE and a Government.
Theresa the Deceiver
He’s really not taken this Nathaniel Clyne thing well has he?
Forget Brexit for a moment. THIS is why we need a GE and a Government.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit -
Sainsbury's supermarket have just announced their post-#Brexit isle lineup! 100% British produce!
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain with move to London
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain
Who the fucks this arse hole. Thinks prem managers won't be able to sign Argentinian players after Brexit.
Democracy isn't to give Theresa May a free ride to get through a deal only a minority approves with. And empowering parliament is really necessary in a system where a government can be voted in with just 30% of electorate. It can also help if a PM Corbyn gets out of control.
The fact that the far right is in favour of Brexit tells you that Brexit contains something that really appeals to them which in itself is reason enough to end it.
This man mad, talking this racist shit in Brixton.
Asian Emerald Dove. Unsurprisingly NOT on the year list yet, could take months to pop up. As elusive as a Brexit deal.
Half of EU architects considering leaving UK due to Brexit
ignores the key dimension of current 'constitutional crisis'. For majority of Leavers May's WA does NOT represent BREXIT but betrayal.
"The only division is being caused by Remoaner petulence." You think taking away my rights, forcing my family to suffer, forcing us to pay higher taxes and interrupting and disrupting my business is acceptable? Brexit is the act of the extremely selfish. We will defeat it.
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
The people will vote Labour just to get rid of T.May and the rest of the Tory Traitors
No, she hasn't attacked any policies on tax. Specifically shes attacked Brexit and Jcs pursuit of jt. A move which will hurt the poor. In addition, the EU tax avoidance directive came into force Jan 1st. This prevents wealthy hiding mondey. Brexit will take UKs wealthy out of it
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture
I suspect we will see HMG trying to revoke A50 in a panic before April. As for GE, Greece had multiple elections and referendums all giving a new mandate to refuse to pay bailout. The EU continued regardless. A UK GE for 2 pro-Brexit parties will not be entertained in the EU.
As many have said before ‘you cannot appease the far right’
Parliament cannot "seize control" - it is the highest legislature in the UK. Only the PM can seize control
Brexit looks like Mrs Doubtfire?
By entering a course of Maastricht without the consent of the electorate meant that eventually Brexit would happen. And now it is incumbent on us all to hold the legislator to account if it doesn’t deliver the 2016 referendum result. Politicians on all sides should be accountable
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Man like
“Reluctant Brexiteers &amp; Sensible Remainers” will never give labour a majority! Remainers will never accept #brexit. There will never be a “coming together”! We already have the best deal! #StopBrexit or, reluctantly - #PeoplesVote!
Agreed Jacob #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
The negociation part of the Brexit (the withdrawal from the EU) program is over and done with. Are people going to wake up at some point and understand that Corbyn’s using the current crisis to his very own advantage ? He’s flat out lying and giving people false hope.
Struck every day over breakfast by the quality of the journalism here. #LookOnTheBrightSide
Platitudes, bullshit and spin from both May and Corbyn - what a mess.
Wtf has my local spoons got a Brexit countdown... I don't mind a bit of politics at the pub but this is depressing.
Check out "Food Thinkers: Bittersweet Brexit - where are we heading with our food and farming?"
Not what Ive picked up on today. have a look
Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible": Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has insisted that a general election is his top priority and he plans to negotiate a better withdrawal deal with the EU.
That's why I said EFTA type deal, she can't get it through the commons without agreeing to the CU, which I personally am not keen on, but would accept to get Brexit done on broadly EFTA terms which has been my preferred option for some time.
Grieve is right, though. And courageous to say what he's saying. We are on the cusp of a catastrophic decline in power, self-inflicted by men like you, Mr Jackson. Brexit must be stopped
It was beatiful, you could see and hear the sheer dissapointment from the host, it cracked me up and made me cheer for the young #Brexiteers.
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain #news #binary
Bang on. Have you read this ?
I’m sure no one on earth needed another reason to think Neil Warnock is a fucking wanker, but just in case....
Why Britain can't escape Brexit, however much it wants to via
I am much more worried about the state of the UK after any kind of Brexit than a mass uprising of James Goddard types in the event of no Brexit.
I do it all the time. Too often on the mobile. Small keyboard! Good luck with your #Brexit angers &amp; anxieties. Assuming you have them. I'm GGGGRRRRRRING !!! regularly.
Quite a cv for opposition go Tories......
I’m certain Neil Warnock is a social experiment made by some mental scientist in order to create the ultimate Yer Da life form
What's not to like?
Have you been duped into thinking has ditherered on #Brexit? Position clear from day1. 6 tests! #JC4PM
#Brexit Former #Australia PM aide demands #TheresaMay show 'BACKBONE' and return #UK to top global role
This is why you should proof read everything before you print and hand it out! Even ask someone else's opinion. Unless they really stand for child abuse and the rest
Perhaps if the government had a plan B
STOP BREXIT
Interesting to see that this ‘manager guy’ equels the impact of Brexit with that of the football game. I standardly block everyone which brings up Brexit and football in the same tweet.
#sundaymorning #marr Attention - calling all #fbpe, #remain, #waton, #peoplesvote, #stopbrexit, #gtto #toriesout and In the remaining weeks, please sign and retweet this direct-to-Brussels #brexit petition to keep our #citizensrights
SACK THE OLD PISS HEAD - Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Verdient RT
#PeoplesVote in 2016 was full of wrongful information. A lot of people who voted for #BREXIT believed that everything they were promised will come true. But they forgot that politicians lie...
brexit means brexit
Whatever your thoughts on Maduro, the opposition boycotted elections because it was gonna lose. It’s like Labour sitting the next election out and then calling it undemocratic or illegitimate when they’re not in government. Frankly, loada bollox
Is he delusional or what?
Useless old duffer. And racist.
Labour members &amp; voters want to remain, , not have some nebulous ‘a’ customs union, or access to ‘a’ single market. The EU won’t re-negotiate, as they keep saying.This is all crap. And JC is too dishonest to ‘campaign’ for Brexit, but that’s his aim, god knows why.
Neil Warnock can pap himself to fuck. He should never sign a foreign player for any of his squads again. Oh, and a Malaysian pays his wages...
Something that all you remainers determined to stop Brexit should be asking yourselves: why would anyone entrust their vote in a GE to someone who refused to accept the result of the biggest democratic exercise in our history? Brexit will happen despite you all.
“Corbyn is a walking &amp; talking disaster. Just imagine how different things would be now if the increasingly impressive Yvette Cooper had beaten him to the leadership.”
Going for a nap. Can someone wake me once Brexit is done? Thank you
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit | The Independent
No surprise there....in fact he's your typical Brexit supporting stupid little Englander: white male b/w 55-75 yo. Proof that Brexit is white English nationalism gone berserk. It's good old fashioned bigotry and racial hatred - has nothing to do with economics or even immigration
Luckily, it’s looks like we won’t be getting to test this absurd claim as the adults in Parliament wrest control from the malevolent ERG cabalists.
Step 1 of payback. Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
if they got their hard Brexit, I wonder what they would do next? we all know that it won't stop even if they got what they wanted..............it would just be the beginning of an ugly time for Britain
The result of ignorance, politics and stupidity
Taking back control? Brexit seems to offer exactly the opposite
Project Hope, the positive case for remain
I am very sorry Rachel my granddaughter and boyfriend have over £120 student debts today's journalists and politicians never had .
Nobody wants Mays Brexit policy. And my Family and extended family are from all over the World. No problems here. We just want to leave the EU, own that, however you prefer not to.
The state of British journalism today: wilfully ignoring facts and putting out a tweet to the detriment of the leader, . Remember: EVERYONE has an agenda and NOBODY is neutral. Politics affects us all- even the political commentariat!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
I pay $26k for my Bloomberg Id appreciate balanced reporting
I’m a remainer. So why do I feel more and more sympathy for leave voters? | Joseph Harker | Politics | The Guardian
“May has warned of an ‘unforgivable breach of trust’ in democracy if MPs reject her Brexit deal” no offence but where was this outcry of breaching trust in democracy when Northern Ireland and Scotland both voted to remain but England still decided to drag us out with them
Brexit was built on racism
Unless it’s for the good if the mass, get rid of these guys.
'Leave or Remain?' Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question - - LIKE &amp; RETWEET
If its got the E word in it, Corbyn does not like it on principle. No better than May in pandering to his Europhobic minorities of members, voters and MPs.
Brexit IS the coup!!
May’s deal isn’t Brexit. DEMOCRACY itself will be thwarted. The Queen surely can’t sign May’s deal into law. What would be the point in being Great Britain?
‘The PM has warned of a "catastrophic" breach of trust if Brexit is thwarted.’ - any more catastrophic than the ones that convinced people it was a good idea in the first place? Is her lack of any sort of political presence and skill now giving way to scaremongering?
Sound advice on anti aging too I see...that’s also possible in a post-brexit paradise. #brexit is Working class suicide
The Labour Party has so far done terrifically well at allowing people who want very different brexit outcomes to think "Sure Labour need to make some noises but when push comes to shove they'll do the right thing". Flawless strategy, provided push never comes to shove
Remove him from Parliamentary process..MPs from all sides need to agree to pause Brexit,suspend Article 50 &amp; put it back to the people..May&amp;Corbyn are the biggest obstacles to that so House of Commons with Bercow's help should put forward non-partisan motion&amp;agree 2nd referendum
This thread is Brilliant. Explains in detail WHO did WHAT, WHY, WHERE &amp; HOW. #VoteLeave &amp; #BeLeave BROKE THE LAW KNOWINGLY &amp; are now under criminal investigation. So Why is #Brexit still proceeding . . ??? #StopBrexit #FBPE #marr #PeoplesVote
Taking back control? Brexit seems to offer exactly the opposite Conservative party split between hard Brexiters, soft Brexiters, &amp; Remainers. Labour, although its membership &amp; supporters are overwhelmingly pro-Remain, has its own deep divides. #StopBrexit
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
The anti-migrant mainstream press is a disgrace. So is equating Brexit with Nazism. The hostile environment in the U.K. and the rise of the far right across Europe is happening despite the EU - who are doing nothing to oppose it. Neoliberal austerity helps it along.
Stay focused, be a better person is a 24x7 job and it seems we're not fighting so much against our nature (#Brexit, #Trump, #Bolsonaro, #Vox, #Salvini) #humannature
Neil Warnock is the definition of Brexit tbf
Finding out Neil Warnock is pro-Brexit is the least surprising event of 2019 so far (Via )...
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture
Backing you Brexit deal would be a greater one.
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
This man speaks on behalf of the people rather than the metropolitan élite. Well done for speaking up for the #Brexit.
....taxi for Neil...!!
Is it me, or does this seem a bit late?
He argued that leaving the EU without a deal would impact the “poorest and most vulnerable” more than others.
Teresa May has taken my words tweeted to her "do the right thing" and #StopBrexit to "save us from the catastrophic effects Brexit will have on the country". She has twisted them to say the opposite. No shame or originality and she's so wrong. #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit
On 8th Jan US demoted EU, saying that the Brexit debacle is a sign of how the gov is ignoring signs, the populations are unhappy with EU. It's true and the yellow vests are the Hi - viz sign of that unrest.
So record employment, 450,000 more in work since Brexit vote and yet you’re calling out the PM got lying? You all do to suit your own agenda.
Brexit and the impact on patient access to medicines and ... - NHS Confederation › media › Files
We all just knew that barmy, hair-trigger temper Colin would be a Brexit zealot, didn’t we?
On 8th Jan US demoted EU, saying that the Brexit debacle is a sign of how the gov is ignoring signs, the populations are unhappy with EU. It's true and the yellow vests are the Hi - viz sign of that unrest.
The EU have a humanitarian plan for a no deal brexit.
It's a view. But almost certainly wrong: see eg
Wonderful speech !
Who on earth said you needed to renew your passport? For any trip that ends on or before Brexit Day, current rules apply. Your passport is valid for unrestricted travel anywhere in the European Union up to and including the date of expiry or 29 March 2019, whichever is the sooner
I won't be voting ever again if Brexit doesn't happen and neither will the wider family.
Warnock is the gift that keeps giving
This. Plus he is a pension age millionaire so why would brexit effect him.
Why did you ask the PM if you could go to Brussels and renegotiate when she offered you the Brexit Secretary job if you think this is such a great deal?
It is not the first time either Corbyn or the Labour Party have blamed immigrants for costing us jobs. There is NO socialist argument for Brexit.
Neither would staying in the EU, we have just been Condemned for the treatment of our disabled sick elderly have nots that's inside the EU. I voted remain I accepted the result, Maybe those 4 million voters Labour Lost were some of them that voted for brexit. The left behind
Stop Brexit. Stop liars like YOU from ruining our country.
Brexit, the uncivil war, rages on because our MPs continue to ignore the voters
Imagine voting for Brexit, to end freedom of movement, and expecting to still be able to retire to Spain
Snooty snootsworth you stay in line if you say anything about the UN invasion your ass will be locked up We look at you as weak and conquered Your people voted BREXIT and they were told no they can’t have it I see you as a loyal subject of the EU I would never go to London
Imp message of this article, that a large segment of the UK population has suffered under austerity and need their voices heard. But new labour and tory governments are responsible, not membership in EU, it's internal politics. Agree w #Lammy and #Jones
Do you mean the MPs that were elected on a manifesto to deliver Brexit? It’s a coup.
Hypocrisy writ large. Please retweet.
The adherence to Brexit-linked right-wing attitudes is very much a phenomenon of belief rather than anything fact-based. The current extremists are no different than members of a religious cult. It will take time for them to see political reality.
TRANSLATION: "We will table a motion of no-confidence in the government but not until Brexit has gone through, deal or no deal."
I didn't bring up manifestos. But Labour want a customs union anyway and they are against a no deal brexit.
brexit
Yeah, I can't for the life of me understand why people have the gall to criticize the Labour leader for failing to have a clear, honest or logical stance on the most important question facing his country in decades...
Ridiculous. Free speech is the very essence of Britain being a great country. If the pathetic PC brigade get their way the country is finished. It will become a 3rd world country anyway if clueless Corbyn gets his grubby paws on the tiller. Without #Brexit the outlook is bleak!
In your opinion, but 52% voted differently &amp; the Government &amp; opposition have committed to delivering Brexit.
and I out with some our amazing local activists today in Crouch End today campaigning on Brexit with over 140 signatures already this morning the message from Crouch End is loud and clear we want an Exit from Brexit!!!!
The man who has a melting Mrs Doubtfire mask for a face is also a gammon. Who knew...
So record employment, 450,000 more in work since Brexit vote and yet you’re calling out the PM for lying? You all do to suit your own agenda.
It was just another charade to instil worry into the gullible! The idea being to show how 'worried' the govt. was in needing to urgently make additional ferry arrangements. Another aspect of project fear. Didn't work, naturally.
You should be apologising to brexit supporters for making undeliverable promises. This is your mess that is being resolved by a sovereign Parliament. Enjoy.
Peers to rebel over ‘toothless’ post-Brexit green watchdog
Indeed. I voted labour in the last GE because I have a good local labour MP that is anti brexit and votes that way. Unfortunately brexiters use my vote now as proof of support for brexit as labour is a brexit party. I therefore cannot vote labour if there is another GE.
#Italy #Brexit The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
Neil Warnock is a staunch brexit supporter. Shock.
“In this crisis situation we have to stop the Government driving the country over the cliff and that does mean exerting control over the Brexit process.” strong and stable on #ExitBrexit
"Anti #Brexit campaigners really do act like a ‘metropolitan elite’, with little or no interest in northern and working-class people". Which largely explains why, despite #tory #BrexitShambles, it is still 50/50.
It's not Brexit, Mr Rawnsley. Its the fixed term parliament act. A coalition production that we should 'thank' Cameron and Clegg for along with this bastard lovechild Tory government that they have left us
How dare he? People like me, ordinary people (better known as the peasants), only have one thing which they have power over and that is their vote! Now even that is taken away from them over Brexit. Democracy may be lost but the peasants are stirring!!!!!
This frightens me and is not what I voted for when I voted brexit.
Well how would you see a customs border post brexit with no deal in place ?
BBC News - Jurgen Klopp: Brexit 'makes no sense at all'
May's deal is not Brexit. In short it is a nightmare deal.
It’ll be s disaster... labour will have a hard time in London as they’ll be punished for Brexit stance. #JeremyCorbyn still believes he’s the messiah and will waltz straight into Downing Street...deluded much?
I’ve never woken up and thought “I’d love to hear Jamie Carragher and Neil Warnock’s thoughts on Brexit”. Not once.
The EU have been entirely clear - it’s finished and can’t be renegotiated. It’s taken 2 years to reach this agreement. A quick google will confirm this. Why are you spreading misinformation?
John Mann is a disinformation asshole This is the reality
This is slowly becoming a reality. 17 million + votors for Brexit. The government and MSM trying to put fear in us, so we won't protest.
That was happening long before Brexit... companies have been getting eu grants to move elsewhere in the bloc
In disagreeing, I think that Dan’s piece focuses mostly on short term fallout from Brexit. In the medium to longer term import substitution and diversification of export markets address the problems raised here. We have to think about what Brexit means 10-50 years from now too.
The jury is out on that. If Bercow enables a parliamentary coup to stop Brexit he will be culpable.
Brexit and EU Ref was nobody policy but the Cons... Doesn't appear abuses of power exploitation etc come from or via any other party either Given what has shown itself whats the next Con dire policy Make more victims to exploit?
But Labour want Brexit too
Because there is a conspiracy against the people of the #UK.. #Democracy
Teresta May and all the other terrorists in Parliament should be sent to the ICC Courts..
How come they want us to stay when they stand to make £39Bn? #LeaveMeansLeave #TakeBackControl #Leave #BrexitFail
"More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to..."... keep paying our expenses... no questions asked...
We, as a nation, need to take a conscious step back from Brexit and reaquaint ourselves with the values that have always defined and united us. Tolerance, humour, pragmatism, and mutual respect rank high in my book. These constants outweigh all, yesterday, today and tomorrow
I don’t want to leave but Brexit people need listening to. Increased austerity really have you been to poor areas were people having nothing else to lose . Out of touch
Thread on the Efta/EEA emergency brake/(safeguard measures): #Brexit
I would have Blair back today and fight Brexit and this government, Blair would be 10/15 points clear at a stroke maybe even more
Our latest episode has dropped. Here's and discussing why Corbyn and the Tories BOTH want Brexit and how the intellectual debate surrounding it was stifled from the word go.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
No deal means Economic turbulence for a few years CU membership means Economic servitude for eternity. #Brexit
you need to support the PM this week for her Brexit deal. Will you vote for her deal?
Reality CZECH! What is Jacob Rees-Mogg doing in Prague just hours ahead of BREXIT VOTE?
A government which has lost control?
Lord (Peter) Hennessy says British politics will this week enter “a multiple crisis” - over Brexit, the constitution, the party system, and voters’ faith in politics in general. “All of that adds up to a crisis with a capital C”. Cheery. #TWTW
Stopping Brexit will unleash hell!! 17.4 Million people will not put up with it!!
You liberal media lot won’t be happy until Brexit is overturned. I’m disgusted by the media and our politicians, shame on you
Why support a party that supports Brexit, abstained on Tory Welfare cuts and opposed devolving real powers to Scots Parliament
Delaying Brexit or better still stopping Brexit would be far better for the economy than crashing out with no deal with all its disastrous consequences for jobs and living standards.
I'm sorry but I voted brexit an it wasn't because of anything those liers in government said, it was because of all the things I have seen happen an change over the yrs an the fact the UK didn't have a say in anything regardless of them telling us they were main players in the EU
So sorry to hear that...! That's one important reason why Brexit is a catastrophy. It divides families, damages relationships and causes wounds that maybe will never heal.
on R4 World this Weekend, Lord Hennessy tells he's "looking for Baldrick in the corridors of Westminster" to come up with a cunning plan...One of several gems in the interview. Re: the 'Are we in a constitutional crisis?' Q, Lord H. says we're "on the rim" #Brexit
No-deal Brexit ferry contract queried
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan
If Brexit collapses then perhaps a general election would appropriate. Ideally as 70per cent of Tories voted leave we could elect a new pro Brexit leader, deselect the MPS who blocked the manifesto and stand on a just right of centre pro Brexit manifesto.
We are a sovereign nation so what’s your point? Which laws don’t you like? Which trade deals would you prioritise and how would we get better trade terms on our own than as part of a bloc? How will your life improve after brexit?
11 July 2017 #PeoplesVote
The word contempt cannot be stressed enough!
The destruction of democracy in our country
From the point of view of not wanting your next door neighbour to be an economic basket case, one could say it was an excellent speech. However, one could argue, that Scots Indy might be the only thing to shake the English out of their sleepwalk to disaster. #marr #Brexit
This article is a must read. The rise of the far right is measurable in our society &amp; right now it is a growing problem that need to be addressed. #StopBrexit
Everytime you open your mouth you make a little less electable. Your views on Brexit are totally at odds with the vast majority of your own party and those who would vote for you. You are either the most stubborn man on the planet or an incompetent idiot. You will lose.
#brexit forces brits to apply 4 employer-tied visas for - flyering @ Ibiza - tour rep-ing @ AyiaNapa - marketing @ Magaluf - waitering @ Rome - call centre-ing @ Amsterdam - being apprentice @ Berlin - running a shop @ Paris - games dev-ing @ Dusseldorf - media managing @ Madrid
Cancer, sea life, mental health: the UK research that will be hit by Brexit
In the end. I think she will blame Brexit, it’s inevitable...
can't think of anything i want to watch less than neil warnock talking about brexit
Corbyn: I want a general election. Marr: What would your Brexit policy be? Corbyn: Erm... dunno. What a statesman. #Marr
So, an elected parliament using its powers to try and prevent the executive driving the country off a cliff is now a “coup.” What absurd nonsense from another British Institution turned to shit by Brexit.
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum
Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten ??? read my article cklich here
I’m a EU sceptic who understands that financially it doesn’t make sense to leave the EU, is the arguments used in the brexit election were mostly shitt. BUT let’s not exagggerate. You can still have Malaysian investors and foreign players post brexit.
Istm that plebeian democracy got us into this position. What is needed to carry us forward is strong leadership which understands the way forward &amp; has the courage to implement their vision. Labour is internally divided about #Brexit as is the country
The sad thing is Jake Rees Moggs company touting an investment fund off shore in Dublin to get their £££s out and keep them safe. Seems like rich tories happy to risk auto workers jobs in brexit but not their own money..........
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
No McDonalds after Brexit,Al. They will all be re-branded as Wimpy and serve only meat based products. It’s the will of the people.
The Brexit Leader thanks those that Made their slim majority vote possible:
So Corbyinists. Is he 1) truly this clueless or 2) deliberately attempting to mislead? There’s isn’t another option is there?
If UK ends up with a hard Brexit case for indie gets a big boost which makes Brexiteers our 'pals'. OTOH if we end up staying in EU the Brexiteers will want shot of us Remainer Jocks before the next re-run finessing our path to the exit. So again Brexiteers our 'pals'.
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain
lllll Cardiff FC manager Neil Warnock said to "hell with the rest of world" as he admitted he cannot wait for Brexit.
Surely if our MPs defeat Brexit and they represent the views of their constituents then that is actually democracy? #justsaying
Make it: “a huge far-right hoax”. Hoax all over the place and far-right from Farage xenophobia to May’s misogynistic immigration policies. The list goes on and on...
Brexit &amp; US shutdown: Two governments across the Atlantic in paralysis
Irish truckers and locals in #Holyhead talk #brexit with reporter #rtetwip #rtepolitics
Notice on #skynews the interviewer gives Vice Cable a very easy ride. Hes almost treated like a commentator on Brexit rather than a party leader...his party's position isnt touched on AT ALL....hes not questioned on, eg, his partys betrayal of the leave voters with their PV.
Typical Brexit wanker
We need a new vote. The last one was fraudulent and so the result is illegitimate - we don't recognise #Brexit and will fight this racist trojan horse. It's a power grab, when they say "Take Back Control" they mean control for the 1% #NoBorders #FightFascism
Groups like nation states. I suspect where you stand on this goes a fair way to explaining where you stand on Brexit.
Despite the hostility and vitriol directed at the EU for failing to roll over and surrender to give into the delusions of Brexiteers, they still want us to stay a part of the community.
I agree Jo. I used to live in Cardiff, &amp; worked for CCFC, I’m a LFC supporter, I used to be a Labour member but changed to Lib Dem (due to Corbyns Brexit praxis). But I proudly voted for Jo Stevens at last GE. She’s a fantastic MP. Just wish Labour had a fantastic leader (ProEU)
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Not sure a Premier League playing Warnock style football is the ringing endorsement of Brexit think it is
R/T ChrisStephens RT FrancesOGrady: Disappointing, disingenuous intervention from Greg Clark. The government that introduced the Trade Union Act and refused to ban zero-hours contracts now expects working people to take this Brexit deal on trust?
Brexit will lower the cost of food, the external tariff destroys competition. Speak to anyone older than 50 here or on the continent. A 16 year preaching politics, do me a favour
Reality CZECH! What is Jacob Rees-Mogg doing in Prague just hours ahead of BREXIT VOTE?, #news #rt ,
I won’t vote for the Tories again if you block Brexit, simple. If the consequence is Corbyn, so be it. In the event of no #Brexit I’ll only vote Tories when the right of the party are in control promising to leave without the need of a referendum.
#Brexit All the papers full of talk of coups, attack on the speaker saboteurs can only translate that the government will try some manoeuvre that will outrage the Commons.
Precisely!
Truck drivers express worries over no-deal Brexit via
Or just #RevokeA50
Brexit is such a backwards step, I applying for my last red passport next week
Some are waiting for very very weak pound...
You hit the nail on the head
Who knew Neil Warnock would be Brexit. One day that Chelsea job will be his...
Lost me too. My dad was an Ambulance Driver (didn't have paramedics in those days) and my mom works in a Bookies! And I don't live anywhere near Islington! But I am against #Brexit.
A combination of Austerity introduced because of the Bankers collapse and Tory policies that followed saw the biggest rise in food banks, homelessness and closing down of public services. Brexit itself, played no part in bringing this country to where social issues are today.
U.K. Labour leader agrees no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
You have to admire her stubborn resolve #Brexit
via Let's be positive, and ready, for a no-deal Brexit
Theresa May warns of 'catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust' if MPs don't vote for her Br... via
Is there an anagram of BREXIT that means “So constantly hilarious that I’ve wet myself”?
Brexit: Jeremy Corbyn refuses to rule out Labour opposing EU exit in snap election Labour's leader - who could trigger a no confidence vote as soon as Wednesday - accepted the matter's out of his hands and declared: "I'm not a dictator"
In other word Brexit is toilet what a surprise
And failure to levitate can be blamed on the Remaining-on-the-grounders who continue to refuse that Leave-of-our-senses won the referendum on gravity.
Enjoyed talking golf and Brexit with Nigel Farage. A two over par lost him a US sports scholarship - how different history might have been if he'd won.....
Jeremy Corbyn blasts 'disgraceful' attacks on John Bercow in Brexit bias row It's claimed the Speaker held a secret meeting before dismissing legal concerns saying "I don't want to know" - but Jeremy Corbyn said he's a "very good Speaker"
The Tories have been harsh on many, though as a leader Cameron had more ability than Corbyn. I will never forgive Cameron for the referendum/Brexit. Blair was in fact very good for the NHS/working class etc but Corbyn's fans fail to see it.
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay utterly unable to explain Plan B in baffling TV interview There are just 75 days to Brexit, but Stephen Barclay dodged the question - before claiming Plan B will be 'along the lines of' Plan A. Here's the full mind-boggli…
I agree if a democracy becomes an oligarchy which it easily could the only way to change it is by revolution. France has started the ball rolling. If these establishment Patsy's kill brexit they will bring it about.
Brexit was a roar for change - and Britain is capable of so much more than this' | via
Nothing to add
As a Remainer I disagree. Those sleeping &amp; eating out of bins need a Corbyn Brexit before a Tory Remain... they've had nine years of that.
Well that settles it
Every day...
Best Brexit view
The state of BBC hacks today: Robinson wants the opposition to set out their manifesto before an election is called and unknowingly invents a new word. #Marr #Twataboutery
I'm a #remainer but I feel bad for #brexit voters because they were promised so much that was always impossible. Farmers, Wales, Northern England all forgot about their EU subsidies and development projects that central government would never have paid for.
Sure
Trouble is, many people who voted leave do *not* share your vision of a hard Brexit. How can you ignore, no insult, those people?
Yes it was great to see Corbyn's Brexit coalition with the Conservative party.
You are not alone. Perhaps it was naive to hope that the establishment would respect the will of the people, and that this attempt to enmesh us in a European superstate would, unlike previous ones, be thwarted without violence.
#Brexit to deny the Brexit referendum is disgraceful. Democracy is defined as as 'rule by people'. A SEA-CHANGE in our relationship with the EU is what was voted for in March. Politicians playing fast and loose with it do so at their peril! Beware the TIDES of March!
Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten ??? read my article cklich here
Dan once again shows his unwillingness to be a journalist, preferring to be a propagandist instead. He knows what we decided at conference - what we charged our leadership to do on our behalf. He knows every Labour MP won their seat with a manifesto promise to respect the result
If it doesn't get the majority then it is not the most popular,'kin twat.The other 2 choices still pick Brexit one way or the other.Dumb tossers.
Brexit: An Uncivil War was actually a really good watch, despite the fundamentally depressing reminder of the political mire inwhich we all now live. #brexituncivilwar #BrexitChaos #WhatsGoingOn
Here's the minutiae of the BreXiT betrayal and how this didn't need to be particularly well occluded from the dulled instincts of the sleepwalkers. BreXiT could be overturned and organised rioting bursts out in major cities. State of Emergency declared. No choice. BreXiT or death
So you're gonna let threats a few extremists. ruin a #WTO Brexit for the majority of the 17.4m people whom voted for it?! You'll pay with your seat.
Brexit: The Uncivil War
This tasty&amp;timely input fromTopaz gets my tweet of the day award4reminding us of the ugly truth of BREXIT+the fact that without the DominicCumming takingback control tripe from Brits who have never had control&amp;wouldn't know how2use if they did the situation s rubbish outsideEU4UK
Which person would take advice from regarding Brexit
I have also been a member for years and never get notifications of polls about Brexit.
Corbyn should be campaigning for Brexit . we leave the EU they are able to implement their nationalisation program they can't under state aid rules as part of the EU. Regardless of the fact that Corbyn getting into power will do more harm to the economy that Brexit ever will
Now I'm waiting for the Neil Warnock v Lineker Brexit debate. I expect jug ears would run a mile at the prospect
#UK #Brexit #Defence Theresa May's Brexit deal poses a risk to the UK defence industry | BrexitCentral
Is there actually any chance of a vote of no confidence in the Govt being passed? If not what's the point of staking so much on it.
David Cameron the piece of shite who thought he would have to show where his Fathers Tax Haven wealth came from so called Brexit after the Panama and Paradise Papers Leak because his inheritance was in danger.
#Labour &amp; #Tory #manifesto promised to deliver #Brexit Why take notice of manifesto promises - when discarded like yesterday’s fish &amp; chip paper fish&amp; chip paper provided useful service unlike promises “This a pledge not a promise “from leaders knowing promises are worthless
I will #Design #Modern #Minimalist #Logo with in 24 hours at for $5 on Fiverr.
Are you for real? The Police were there at the time, everyone can see what happened in the video perhaps you should watch it before commenting. #BBC #Trump #MAGA #NigelFarage #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK #Marr #TommyRobinson #Ridge #EVEBOU #GiletsJaunes #Reuters
But it’s no use if Corbyn isn’t prepared to talk about putting a stop to the ridiculousness of brexit. Or to at least try to lead the opposition.
says a lot about the mentality of people on both sides of the debate #BrexitShambles
As you open your curtains next Wed morning, Blighty could be led by a rudderless govt, with a weakling of a PM, desperately trying to swat of imminent threats of a general election, by a keystone cops opposition, with, charitably, a confused Brexit strategy. Happy days, eh?
JLR have been struggling for some time. Nothing to do with Brexit.
A larger than life character, without doubt. Worth listening to on any subject other than football...? I certainly doubt. Who cares what Wanckor thinks about Brexit? Another example of goofball’s ludicrous over-arching reach into British life.
No, I don't either want the Tories or the ridiculous self harm of #Brexit
Well said Braden #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
'... refuses to say whether Labour will back Brexit in an election' quite right, now move along
‘Leave or Remain?’ Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question
Up next, Rafa on his top tips to reduce Venezuela’s hyperinflation levels
MPs are being brilliantly trolled by billboards featuring their own tweets
That's nothing compared to what will happen if they overturn Brexit
Email your MPs, , #writethiswrong Fight for your futures.
The choice now is No deal Brexit, May's deal or a variation thereof, and No Brexit. The first will simply not happen. The second traps us in the EU as rule-taker making us an economic dependent. The third, revocation of Article 50, at least keeps alive the possibility of leaving
The truth is Leavers do not know whether those who voted Yes in the June 2016 referendum were voting for May’s deal or no deal, because neither were explicitly on the table. The only really democratic solution is another referendum offering May’s deal, no deal, or no exit.
It’s Dominic over in Beaconsfield who trying to do anything to stop Brexit.
Whatever happens the referendum result can never been undone. It stands, forever No matter the attempts to stop Brexit, if they succeed in the next few weeks, it is just one battle in a very long war We have the democratic mandate, they have nothing. We'll win, they'll lose
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Whatever happens the referendum result can never been undone. It stands, forever No matter the attempts to stop Brexit, if they succeed in the next few weeks, it is just one battle in a very long war We have the democratic mandate, they have nothing. We'll win, they'll lose
You couldn't make it up.
I will *never* understand this shameful, disgraceful, catastrophic obsession with ending FoM. #PeoplesVote
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over #Brexit plan B
Third of the Cabinet to resign if May pursues a no-deal Brexit. So they took office in Gvt whose public, repeated policy was that no deal was better that bad deal which makes them dishonest. Or they knew that May was deliberately lying to voters - and thereby equally dishonest?
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
You do know most brexit people didn't listen to politicians .They had there own minds and knew it be as rocky as we went in and lost thousands jobs joining common market.People need to have faith in the uk
An idiot speaks. Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
There's a massive void between Chris Grayling's ears. Almost makes you nostalgic for New Labour intellectual heavyweights like Geoff Hoon, or Jacqui Smith. And that's not good. #GeneralElectionNow
Bc they're politicians? Few who try reform r hounded out, as are citizens if tell truths. Words forbidden Police ask for reports of perceived hate &amp; "...it doesn't have to be a criminal act". Blair started it 20+yrs ago &amp; he wants to finish it! STILL here overturning BREXIT!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
No homework again
Empty. Obvs - #stithians #thestith #kernow #kernowfornia #cornwall #sunday #brexit #brexitisshit #brexshit #britain #modernbritain #hipstamatic @ Stithians
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit ...
If you’re looking for something to do on the train from Hell, here’s a podcast you might enjoy
What could possibly go wrong?
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Brexit: Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May’s deal is voted down, Corbyn signals
A litany of incompetence, not content with brexit May has deployed a sea of incompetent idiots to make a mess of all policy areas. Piece de resistance of incompetence must be failing Grayling in transport the rest of them are merely mediocre incompetents in welfare, housing etc
The latest The DarkestAngel Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
By quitting our powerful position in the EU, and by adopting a confrontational stance in negotiations like the Greeks, the UK has ended up like Greece being a rule-taker from the EU. #Brexit means losing control, not taking it back. #PeoplesVote
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum
Brexit is going to make the staffing crisis a whole lot worse...
What is your idea of a ‘proper Brexit’, pal?
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
What An Utter C*nt. Look what #brexit has unleashed already
please put up the excellent interview which just aired (1.20pm) - gives a clear exposition of the #Brexit options facing the country now and will reassure #Remainers that there are some responsible adults in #Parliament
The fundamental choice on Tuesday for all MPs in Brexit voting constituencies is this: your employers want us to leave the EU. Therefore, are you happy with 70% of something (May’s deal) or 100% of nothing (the carnage of No Deal/a GE/ 2nd Ref/Corbyn/McDonnell gov)? #Brexit
Vile are slaughtering pigeons in the most inhumane way .
He is right, and so am I now and proud of it.
Brexit means brexit lool
U.K. Labour leader agrees no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
Lets look at the facts for a moment: Jeremy claims he supports Brexit. EU said it won't accept renegotiations. May claims to have the best deal EU can offer UK. Jeremy thinks is possible to renegotiate the Brexit deal.
A Govt that has been the architect of the hostile environment, Windrush, go home vans, yarlswood is saying that stopping brexit will lead to increased intolerance by the very same people these policies have long been appeasing. Get to fuck
Well done Warnock
Actually I don’t. Once everyone that wanted “Brexit” can agree what it means, maybe then we can have a go at it. Until then, we should put it on the back burner because Remain are the largest cohort wanting the same thing.
He's not even good at football management..
For those who think everything in this word are game and gamble, Brexit is just a one opportunity to make more money
so the majoirty of the tennis scence in england is dominated by foreign birth players, how will #brexit affect english tennis or like all english sports the rest of the uk will pay towrds it.....#dscuss
I like how she interpreted your point about her family’s privilege (meaning that Brexit may well be fine for her children) as meaning privileged people (implying you) should not campaign for those worse off than them. That is definitely HER perspective hence she can’t identify.
Head of the #WTO says "Trade deals are like football leagues. #Brexit relegates #UK to Division 4" #peoplesvote
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
End of days for Theresa May? Countdown to Brexit vote
Dear British peeps, I know we are Irish but The Good Friday Agreement was not designed just for the craic ya know. Regards, Ireland #brexit
How are we still behind? It’s been approximately two years since Brexit was announced. Are the people we empower to political institution so inept that at this 11th hour there is no confidence in the plans and procedures that surely must be in place for all possible outcomes?
Scotland didn't vote. People did. The UK is the EU member so it was a UK vote. Also remember over 1m Scots voted for brexit including some SNP MSPs.
do you honestly believe a general election would lead to JC negotiating a new deal at the EU? Simple yes or no? I still don’t know what your thoughts are on Brexit?
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal - #corbynscumbag - #letthecommiescumgo
Our executive isn't. There are patriots in parliament but overwhelmingly parliament is in agreement to going against a no-deal Brexit and putting Britain first on the negotiations.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Did he seriously say he quits friendships when "friends" don't agree with his political views (in this case his view on BREXIT)? Since when is it cool to brag about being a bigot? Let that sink in: Brezina makes a living from writing for children! Not a role model in my book!
Brexit is no simple matter BBC News - Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
Every statement here is literally false.
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum
Stephen Barclay, programmed to repeat Mays platitudes has his head so far up her derrière he cannot answer the plan B question. They honestly believe Mays Brexit vote will be voted for. Delusional, dangerous and holding the country to ransom.
Commons Speaker John Bercow secretly met pro-EU Tory rebel Dominic Grieve just hours before allowing his killer amendment: #Brexit
"And yes, I blame Jeremy #Corbyn too for failing to use the power of his popular appeal to convince traditional voters to see that Europe creates more good than harm." #PeoplesVote
If Brexit is thwarted by the likes of Sir Vince Cable and extreme violence ensues, it would be utterly outrageous and unforgivable that he and others, Soubry et al are not prosecuted for incitement inter alia. #marr
Appalling that she treats MPs - and us - as if we’re stupid. But it’s par for the course.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
If you want Corbyn out Nicky then stop crawling to your EU masters and support a full WTO Brexit on 29/3./ If Corbyn gets in it will be because the stooges of the Global "elite" like you have brought it about.
I agree fully. Hopefully brexit won't happen. EU ABÙ.
Vince cable is just a traitor, If parliament cant deliver Brexit then disband &amp; run for the fucking hills because then we the people will deliver Brexit with out talking to the EU. But the EU burocacy in Westminster will need to run to escape there Treason &amp; Asset-Stripping
I think you misunderstand the meaning of the word ‘fascist’. In attempting to drop Brexit you are thwarting democracy and thus becoming the very thing about which you complain.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit [RTR
What’s that got to do with anything? Hopefully post Brexit we don’t have to hear from the likes of you
Well, that's the cabinet the UK people voted for to implement Brexit. It was the will of the people, no?
New Zealand said, officially, that Brexit should "not be a threat to our negotiations with EU".
Some clarification please. The DUP have said they will support the Tories unless Theresa May’s Brexit deal is passed. If it passes May will lose the support of the DUP, thus losing her majority in Government? Thus there will be an election?
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
BBC News - Brexit: Lord Hattersley says people should get vote on PM's deal
Visit Malaysia ad in the background, flashing irony alert. Does Warnock realise Cardiff City are owned and run by foreigners, that he has a squad full of overseas players. By the way, Cardiff voted heavily to remain in the EU.
New Brexit referendum is most popular path if May’s deal is defeated, poll finds
Cracking analysis by the Moggster.
Brilliant? He’s an idiot not brilliant. Britain is in free fall because of this brexit lie with no lifeline.
If calls for a Vote of Confidence AND a People's Vote ( as 80% of Labour members want), it would be a game changer imo. How could the ukgov continue. Better yet revoke A50 to pause Brexit #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum
The vote on Tuesday will be on the official Gov version of Brexit as expressed in the Con election manifesto and ref literature.
Next week on Tuesday Night Brexit: Theresa May turns heel, kills the Yes movement and announces that the world is slowly choking through European overconsumption. #fickle! #fickle! #fickle!
Well done NW .
How will #Brexit impact on your projects? Are your projects #brexitdeal ready? Sachin Melwani be one of the guest speakers at the #universityofwestlondon event on The Future of Project Management 5th March 2019. # #projectmanagement #government #humanreso…
Reasons to dislike Brexit: #1436. Neil Warnock
#Brexit: will seek to revoke Article 50 after deal is defeated
Please don't let us down over brexit. #BrexitBetraysBritain
I remember when phrases like this headline were unthinkable, but now it's being normalised by the anti liberal hard left. -- Washington Post: Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous.
What’s all this yellow vest nonsense? You know #Brexit is not going to happen right?
We have the worst and most dangerous politicians in British history They (Major &amp; Brown) signed up for Maastricht and Lisbon without making the case and giving a referendum They (May &amp; Corbyn) will not support the democratic decision to leave We need major parliamentary reform
Now what is called "Brexit" should really happen! Now Ukraine should join EU at the same time during the "Brexit"! UK should exit from EU for at least 20 years to make up its swindle crime! DO NOT GIVE SOROS ANY CHANCE!
please stick to football which you suck at. You have no worries as you are well paid by sky but think of others if possible.
1st of all Brexit entirely ignores the votes of 48% 2nd all surveys show that the will of the people NOW is Remain. To ignore both these things now is NOT democracy 3rd they are fighting to *prevent* a vote - that's not democracy either
"And yes, I blame too for failing to use the power of his popular appeal to convince traditional voters to see that Europe creates more good than harm." #PeoplesVote
Good question...
is BREXIT an anagram of BREXIT ?
In 1989 the Berlin wall came down, Europe reunited, freedom and democracy broke out. Borders melted away, the Good Friday Agreement brought peace to N Ireland. Brexit is a backward step tearing the EU and the UK apart. It MUST BE STOPPED #PeoplesVote
Who cares about money and food when you can just feel better about your country...what a shit show.
May warns of catastrophe if MPs don't back Brexit deal
Lib Dems vs Brexit: Layla Moran: I want an open Britain, not one that closes itself off via #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
He can’t wait to leave the EU but it looks like his eyebrows have already left. Epitome of all thick racists. Getting good money from foreigners, yet he still thinks it’s England on its own. He’d be getting £30 a month if “Brexit meant Brexit” and Cardiff was owned by a farmer.
she doesn't deny Brexit will make people poorer and increase food insecurity. All she has left is hope matters. Why does TV station puts this right wing click bait shit on?
Tory party promised a lot... You do realise that politicians lie, right? They promised so many good things that would come from BREXIT, which they can't get. And a lot of people believed and voted for BREXIT. Why do people still believe in politicians??
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit | The Independent
told you i didnt trust this miserable bastard. a coward and traitor to the labour movement.
Hypocrites. Worse than Tories. You helped enable Brexit and austerity.
It’s all emotion with you Brexit idiots
But forget that what about the experts who say #Brexit is bad, rather trust them than any politician or football manager
Finding out Warnock is a Brexiter is a bit like finding out my Mam voted Brexit. I'm not angry, I'm disappointed. I don't want to talk to you for a week, but I still love you.
Bit late for that! Had you not been so paranoid about trying to wreck Brexit you could have cared for the needy a little earlier! As it is, you will be for ever identified as a Tory traitor, an elitist sneering at more than 17 milliion people.
Chris Grayling denies “void” in cranial cavity
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Remember Grieve, Bercow &amp; Co. This will not be forgotten until long after you have turned up your toes.
In the immortal words of Del-Boy, what a plonker. #brexit
Today on Corbyn is an idiot and we are all doomed.
Forget everything else and think about where we are right now. A decision has to be made as to what we're doing with the Brexit deal. Some people are arguing that people should get to vote on it. Some are arguing people shouldn't get to vote on it. Which sounds more democratic?
Ironically, with his “to hell with the rest of the world” comment, Neil Warnock has probably been more honest than most about what is driving the desire for #Brexit for a lot of people. It’s a grim reality.
"And yes, I blame too for failing to use the power of his popular appeal to convince traditional #Labour voters to see that Europe creates more good than harm." #PeoplesVote
Hitler actually rose to power in 1932 on a platform of Brexit and renationalising the railways. It’s just the latter policy took precedent and everything went downhill from there. Very sad. I stand with Greg! Let’s go!
Try getting an a50 extension, I dare you. They’ll laugh at you and say, fuck off, revoke it. Brexit won’t happen.
or introducing outgoing Brexit secretary to the concept of tunnels and ferries
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
In 1989 the Berlin wall came down, Europe reunited, freedom and democracy broke out. Borders melted away, the Good Friday Agreement brought peace to N Ireland. Brexit is a backward step tearing the EU and the UK apart. It MUST BE STOPPED #PeoplesVote
Still want a general election my Scotlab chums?
Triggered
There's an anti Brexit demo today. I wonder if this saying can be turned into a chant.
Shocking but unfortunately there is an establishment coup to reverse brexit. 95 percent of journalists are remainers and as the establishment will not allow brexit to happen we aren’t going to look at journalists kindly
Indeed #TheresaMay ? The democracy you want is where you have total control? Really quite unbelievable !
Latest News: Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal MPs are said to be planning to delay Brexit, as Jeremy Corbyn vows to try to topple the government "soon". 2019-01-13 13:16:02Z
Neil "King of the Northeast" Warnock.....
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
A realistic portrayal of British in Europe, including my story in Italy. Most of us are of working age and he consequences of Brexit for us are devastating!
If you had to pick one person in football who would be a big brexit supporter Warnock would be the top of most people's lists.
Indeed another misconception or for some a lie to again frighten people into a position that is opposed to Brexit.
REFEREEDUM!!!!!
You have let people down across the country by failing to oppose Brexit. Your ideology comes before all including your party members.
There are no positive arguments for Brexit though. It boils down to "because there was a vote" or "because otherwise we'll have more fascists" and the massive economic cost is, apparently, worth it.
Come on, Robert. The UK has done NO negotiations. Merely taken instructions.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
New post (Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal) has been published on NUS -
When the UK realise they have nothing to hold on after Brexit, so they want to cling on to other things like the term "Afrobeats". Gerrout
I stopped believing in you when you started backing Brexit knowing the damage it will do to our country. You were our last hope Tories were right you would say anything to get into power your just as bad as them
Sky News going full transfer Deadline Day with Brexit. They’ve just announced the NHS is moving to China on a 15 year loan deal.
Truck drivers express worries over no-deal Brexit via
Theresa May will stop at nothing to get her brexit over the line. No matter how much division and disruption she will cause. No care for what goes on to happen next. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
This just isn't true. This is the same "great big pot of money that must always be topped up" that underpinned "austerity". Why are "socialists" suddenly so keen on a demonstrably false and neoliberal argument???
When Leavers ask why we label them as “ignorant”, this example here incapsulates it perfectly. FYI, Freedom of Movement is a TWO WAY STREET.
And you are doing a pretty fine job of shooting yourselves in the foot over Brexit, which will cost you dear if you fail to get us properly out of the EU. Anyone with half an eye can see May's deal is so badly flawed it is bound to be rejected. Get the blinkers off
I have a solution to uniting the country! An end of brexit bank holiday. Whatever the result, lets all go to the pub for the day. Leavers can drink scotch, artisan gin, the best beer in the world. Remainers can drink prosecco, chablis, belgian beers. United by not being at work!
And with Brexit, both YOU and the torys have
Amazing that the right to self determination is used for the #brexit debate but not for Scottish independence #StopBrexit #Hypocrites
This makes sense to me
"Stuck to the script" = Stuck to the agreed Labour policy which was decided by Labour Party members at Brexit. He goes on to say a referendum is one of the options Labour will pursue, in accordance with their Brexit policy.
Yes millions of us.
Brexit is more Populists vs The Establishment than it is Conservative vs Labour. This is why so many turned out to vote for the referendum but who would seriously wish to vote for either of these two turgid parties? Most would only vote for one to keep the other out. Dilemma.
I cannot recommend this book and account of brexit enough.All Out War by Tim Shipman | Waterstones #brexit #euref
You've been an MP longer than I have been alive. If such things exist, then you are the political elite and establishment. And in that sense, I quite agree with you, your support for brexit has let people down across our country.
For goodness sake. Not my manager
For a ‘seasoned’ politician, talks with a forked tongue. He is selling his version of #Brexit in the same way as he sold out Post Service #marr
The fact that Brexiteers + Remainers alike still argue that #Brexit wouldn't have happened "had the EU only given in to Cameron's very modest + reasonable demands", is a disturbing examples of 40 years of successful media distortion, nostalgic delusion + political blame shifting.
Typical thick as shit Brexidiot, loves Brexit but hates Brexit at the same time.
Britain doomsday
This is basic and the so called leader of the opposition doesn’t know it, ffs!
Of course Nick - it wouldn't have anything to do with state of the British media today and the free pass you have given this Govt - would it? Brexit chaos is a totally self-inflicted Conservative Party creation. A GE win - is urgent - not for the one issue - but many.
Neil Warnock looks like the physical embodiment of Vote Leave.
Just a thought if the U.K. is run by Brussels why has it not stopped Brexit? Weird or what
The country doesn’t know what labour wants yet Corbyn wants an election. I think they are underestimating the intelligence of the public. We no going to vote for a clueless clown. Labour need a serious leader soon
Crazy white racist guy states how the whites built Africa. Fair chance this scumbag is also brexit-backing
No one's said it is overnight. Untill we know the day after brexit we can't put a thousand staff on standby. But we can get essentials through quickly if we need to from world trade
time for a major inter church commission on constitutional reform? Address major failure in UK public and political theology?
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here
Yes. The opposition criticising the government, whilst claiming a GE is the best way to sort it out, yet not having a policy on brexit themselves is pure hypocrisy.
Wanting Brexit seems to be by and large ideological (sovereignty etc) and you can’t argue with facts against faith.
Insulated by wealth and living on #PlanetFootball gives his informed opinion on #Brexit FFS
And failure to levitate will be blamed on all Remaining-on-the-gounders refusing to accept the Leave-of-our-senses won the referendum on gravity
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU -
Fair play Neil Warnock, nothing wrong with supporting Brexit, Infact more people supported it than not. That’s why it won the vote.
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal - BBC News
By “WTO rules”, you’re obviously referring to that set of intentional legal rules decided and administered by an unelected body, democratically unaccountable to the British people? And there was me thinking that Brexit was all about leaving that kind of thing behind...
In other words, to be read in conjunction with something like this:
Love this video clip. I'm sure there is a Brexit analogue here somewhere?
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit -
8 June 2018 #PeoplesVote
Incredible thread that tells you a lot about Britain 2019
Sorry to disappoint you replies are almost always written by researchers, office aids or for ministers; civil servants. The only way to get true interaction is at surgeries. They do sign the letters though!
‘Irresponsible nonsense’: Tory minister slammed over comments about rise of far-right — RT UK News
Still time to sign!
It is no exaggeration to say that: If Article 50 is revoked, as seems increasingly likely, Then QC's Good Law Project will have changed the course of UK history. #PeoplesVote #marr #FBPE
A 'jobs first brexit' would mean renogiating a deal that the EU has stated that will not be. It is an oxymoron.
One of Hamish’s teddy’s is named Jeremy after Jeremy Corbyn and he has actually articulated a clearer position on Brexit than the actual Jeremy, so has Hamish, and sally the dog, and my fridge, and it’s magnets.
Remarkable #Brexit turnaround in 13 June 2016: “To remain..puts catastrophic pressure on our #hospitals” Now: ”evidence that certain #NHS services could suffer from the split”
Please show your workings.
Just commented on : Poll: Are you worried about a no-deal Brexit? -
1. Does you're company trade in the EU 2. Do you value you're job 3. Do you want better workplace protections 4. Do you want fair pay for the work you do 5. Do you want an end to zero hour contracts Then get behind as he offers more than brexit alone
If it wasn’t for Brexit, President Trump and Leicester winning the Premiership, the most bizarre thing in the last few years, would surely be the Sevco fan base claiming that they’re leading the fight against racism, as they’ve done recently. Astounding.
"Political principles and plans for specific action have come to lose most of their importance. The person­ality of the candidate and the way he is projected by the advertising experts are the things that really mat­ter. - A. Huxley #TrumpShutdown #Brexit #Trump
#Brexit: MEPs to the rescue of French ports that were initially excluded from new routes to Irealnd.
Interesting that it’s taken a former Tory Prime Minister to say things about Brexit which and the Party are failing to say. The weakest opposition against the worst and weakest Tory Government in living memory.
You are way overstating the 'influence' of the EU. It's led by an embarrassing drunk, and market economics don't give two shits about what bureaucrats think. They only get in the way. The UK will be much better off with a hard Brexit than being shackled to the parasitic EU.
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
Perhaps if Brexit is reversed by a second referendum there is less need for a Scottish referendum.
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock says 'to hell with the rest of the world' as he 'cannot wait to leave the EU'.... has a Malaysian owner, a Cypriot chairman and a string of international players. Not to mention the post-Brexit trade deals...
Here's the minutiae of the BreXiT betrayal and how this didn't need to be particularly well occluded from the dulled instincts of the sleepwalkers. BreXiT could be overturned and organised rioting bursts out in major cities. State of Emergency declared. No choice. BreXiT or death
Britain’s beleaguered Prime Minister Theresa May is facing another Brexit ordeal in parliament.
'Leave or Remain?' Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question
While Brexit paints a gloomy picture for manufacturing with potential border delays and extra tariffs, the UK's classic auction houses look ahead to potentially rosier times with more realistic prices for everyday classics.
END IN SIGHT #Brexit
In 1989 the Berlin wall came down, Europe reunited, freedom and democracy broke out. Borders melted away, the Good Friday Agreement brought peace to N Ireland. Channel Tunnel was under construction. Brexit is a backward step tearing the EU and the UK apart. It MUST BE STOPPED
#Brexit listening to When this chaos is all over dont we need a Constitutional convention? There has to be a better way of conducting our affairs than this?
Lib Dems vs Brexit - Ed Davey on what Paddy would have thought
Why not? It hugely affects Ireland, more so than any other European country as trade between the two countries is huge.
Only a voluminous brexit means brexit! Anything else, such as a super brexit, would be a farce.
Brussels to send backstop letters as May battles to save Brexit deal
Well said #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Unforgivable if MP’s stop Brexit &amp; kill democracy
Corbyn must be forced He is either a dictator or a democrat now is the time to show which No one is buying his smokescreen anymore - I don't care if he votes against his own motion and backs the Gov but he must for the sake of UK stand aside on the Brexit issue
&amp; a joke, have spent years obstructing #Brexit whilst deliberately not offering a clear policy of their own
The latest The darryljames Daily! #criticschoice #brexit
Weird indeed, but oh so promising. Fingers crossed. One way or another, it will be a fascinating year, but hopefully one were we can recover from the grievous errors of 2016.
If he says Brexit is utter pish then he'll have my vote. Can he get in before the end of March?
What rubbish. Yes she lost her majority for reasons other than Brexit. Labour were pro Brexit only SNP and Liberals were remain. They got smashed. The MP against Brexit represent pro Brexit constituencies
“Other nations have sat down, thought about it and inscribed the rules in famous documents with resonant phrases. We have made things up as we have gone along”. Result; “many of the laws governing our politics are ambiguous &amp; contested.”
You seem to be completely ignoring the fact that well over 80% of the electorate voted in 2017 GE for parties who promised to deliver Brexit and MP’s stood on those manifestos. That’s a bigger betrayal of democracy.
Let’s not forget this government weakened unfair dismissal protections and rights for those affected by redundancies and outsourcing. They also introduced ET fees pricing thousands out of justice at work. Workers need legal guarantees for their workplace rights.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Ireland could be the big winner from Brexit in that longer timescale, with significantly increased FDI an obvious prospect of UK shuts itself off entirely from EU market integration. Irish higher education could also gain a lot from UK displacement from EU structures.
. : We will use “any means possible” to secure proper Brexit debate
Yes, independence for Scotland, N.Ireland to join with the RoI and Wales can they also afford to seccede? The Union should be dead if the selfish elderly English get their way with Brexit. I did not give anyone the right to remove my EU citizenship - it is against my human rights
Post #Brexit UK-USA Trade Negotiations ,,,
Neil Warnock is just off camera here nodding his head.#Brexit
will do the honourable thing by the country and his constiuents and support a #PeoplesVote. 63% of the UK electorate did back Brexit in the #EURef. It is a lie to call it the will of the people.
BREXIT BOOST: Rolls-Royce commits future to UK after EU exit – brand ‘BELONGS to Britain’
It's funny reading all the manipulative tweets about Neil Warnock in regard to Brexit. Why do you find it necessary to mention foreigners i.e. foreign club owners &amp; players? Are you Racist? Brexit doesn't mean stopping immigration, but having the powers to control it
Let’s also not forget that a no deal Brexit would put both the EU and the U.K. in uncharted waters. Anything will be on the table for nation states trying to avert economic damage. We all k ow how quickly the EU changes it’s rules or ignores them when it suits them.
Lots on this thread about Nick being elected to deliver Brexit. Wrong The GE was not a single issue vote. If you want single issue then Tommy Robinson's &amp; Gerard Batten's UKIP is your home. Nick's record as MP is exceptional and I won't be calling for his deselection
Very dangerous and short sighted calling for a #PeoplesVote considering all evidence suggest remain has a very narrow lead, i.e they could lose the second vote by the same margin as the last one. Labour needs to exhaust all over avenues and attempt to lessen impact of Tory Brexit
Damn near tripped over the #Brexit irony in this one...
Humber estuary ports plan for no-deal Brexit - BBC News
They are remoaners who want to wriggle out if Brexit.
Shorrop you old hag. It was your job the past 2 and a half years to secure a decent deal and you flopped
Anyone know if JC is issuing a 3-line Whip for Tuesday? If so, and Mann or anyone else defy it the Whip MUST be immediately withdrawn from them. The future of millions depend on the cessation of this government, not Brexit. Too serious for MPs not to vote with the leader.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
sorry this a lexit fantasy. I'm a long standing member of 45 years and this is still nonsense. nothing is better than remaining in EU. using powers already available (which have been ignored by previous govts) and reforming EU from within. #RevokeA50 #stopbrexit
Stop wasting money on a stupid Brexit. Regulate big business properly. Put in place a properly funded and staffed revenue service to collect the billions in lost revenue. Legislate to make tax avoidance illegal. Easy.
And you accuse me of having rise coloured glasses!! Do you really think post Brexit fruit will be picked by child labour? You are deluded!!
A general election at this time is waste of time. That would make 3 in 3 years. Who wants to keep voting for the 2 main parties that have proven themselves incapable of governing and providing effective opposition. The main question is Brexit. Does Britain want it or not?
Current Brexit state of play. May’s Deal - no majority No Deal - no majority 2nd Ref - no majority EFTA type - no majority extend article 50 - God help us all if this goes on even longer. So, gonna be a fun week no doubt. At least they are saying there might be snow!
What's happened to his eyebrows were they foreign?
[REUTERS] Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit |
Revealed: Pro-Brexit yellow vest rally 'organiser' is Tommy Robinson's bodyguard
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
via Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit Reuters World News
Colin is was and always will be a Wanker!
Agree. And Labour will never win a GE whilst Corbyn et al are for Brexit. Another hung parliament beckons.
LOL. Have a lie down Dan, and watch this -
#Brexit-ers' secret 'kill the UK plot' with #Tory and #Labour saboteurs. #stopfundinghate. #StopBrexit
Unlike your hero , who offered a national vote with absolutely no plan whatsoever for one of the only two options on the ballot paper. A GE wouldn't just be about #Brexit , and just like #GE17 Corbyn will be well prepared. #JC4PM2019
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’ says the most obnoxious journeyman manager in the league with a substantial personal fortune.
The Brexit vote was the thing which allowed us to see these people for what they really are. They are indeed an ugly sight, an ugly festering sore as Cromwell might have put it
Someone who wants a Tory Govt forever so either a Tory or a deluded Lib Dem . Tell me how resigning from Labour is going to stop Brexit or more important austerity and poverty.
How that guy is managing at any capacity in football is beyond me
Cancer, sea life, mental health: the UK research that will be hit by Brexit
Huge let down for all the people waiting on Neil Warnock to deliver Brexit
There is no such thing as a ‘workers Brexit.’ It’s all a right wing coup and will only harm the poorest in this country. Liverpool born and bred. I remember Thatcher and her policies. I’m a trades unionist and have worked in the public sector (mostly frontline NHS) all my life.
“We may find some views vile but where is democracy if they aren't heard”. You have just made the argument against your own stance on brexit. This tweet by a remainer fbpe,sums up a lot of the remain attitude to leavers,and l would say definitely sums up Anna Soubrys attitude.
Don't worry… no one will mistake them. it's the yellow jackets that make them stand apart from the "mouth-breathing genetic throwbacks" aka remoaners #Brexit
Solid Gold, Electoral Catnip even!
Have the Remain MPs been promised backhanders by the Communist EU? "Brexit-Gate"
Labour are totally in bed with the tories on Brexit and many other policies - open your eyes and ears!
I will pay to have European Union embosssd Ono my passport. It will look good alongside my bollocks to Brexit stickers.
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain Orchard Global completes £2.5bn fundraising as it shifts HQ to UK capital
The IRISH bits!!! ALL other bits remain unsatisfactory to ANY hard #Brexit-eers!
$1 trillion is leaving Britain because of Brexit
Just don’t ask the old Etonian Oxford Bullingdon Bellend any detailed questions because he just doesn’t do detail! But Brexit is all about the detail!
To be fair, I don't know what Brexit is #CPFC
Unicorn fantasy land will not achieve any of the things that you claim. Clearly, Labour is unlikely to procure anything better than the Tories, if under the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn, or, indeed anyone else, since the #EU has indicated that there is no other deal on offer.
Elite architects of Brexit are safe, far behind the front line via
This is the true “fascists” the hard left &amp; Antifa types, who defend their nazi scum chants as standing up to the far right &amp; leavers, yet it’s these very same people who’s inciting violence to prove their point they’re the race baiters.
And the 48% who voted to stay?
Show me a face that doesn't say Brexit more than Neil Warnock's, I'll wait..
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy
[REUTERS] Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit |
WTO = True #Brexit :)
That's easy ... there is no need for one as I haven't seen a single valid reason for holding a 2nd referendum. If you disagree, tell me what Brexit deal you would put onto your "PeopleVote" 2nd referendum ballot ? It can't be Leave/Remain as that question has already been decided
I think a surprising number of Labour MP's will vote for the deal tbh
'To hell with the rest of the world': Neil Warnock attacks government's handling of Brexit - video
I think a surprising number of Labour MP's will vote for the deal tbh
After #Brexit no Spanish, German and Italian managers in He could have a shot at or !
Jeremy Corbyn dashes 'People's Vote' hopes and backs fresh Brexit deal #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
My answer is why that partnership, we are talking about European countries, we leave. #brexit #globalism
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Can't be arsed reading it but i guess carragher is saying liverpool is a bigger club than brexit and they can only dream to be as big even if brexiters won a vote which is more than liverpool have won for a while
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
Voted for Labour in Scotland in 2017 to remain in the EU? Angry? Join the SNP and swap out their Scottish MPs for SNP MPs at the next election. Scotland needs her independence.
Current British students will retain rights in ‘hard’ Brexit scenario
As opposed to the shockingly inept policies your party is pursuing
I am sure the EU citizens in this country will thank you when a Tory Brexit happens and they get deported, because a Labour Brexit (which will protect their rights and place in the UK) is in your eyes exactly the same as as Tory one (which doesn't do that).
I have made a new account to share some musing and thoughts I have on politics at the moment, I would’ve used my own account but don’t want it linked as this topic makes people forget about logic and reason and most of all open discussion..#politics #Brexit
Whatever Tuesday's vote brings, face it with courtesy not outrage.: Tuesday is set to be a historical day in modern British politics. In this special edition of The Sunday Roast, Daniel Reast considers… #TheSundayRoast #Brexit #Opinion Now in
England’s schools face staffing crisis as EU teachers stay at home Fears that uncertainty over Brexit will hit language learning after 25% drop in applications from EU citizens #ToryBrexitShambles #TeachingCrisis #GTTO
But.. but.. but.. in this clip, he espouses a different brexit to the one you want (I.e may’s deal). He’s criticising the likes of you in the vid.. so what brexit did the 17.5m people vote for? The one u want or his version? Serious question.. not expecting a reply!
The Observer view on Jeremy Corbyn’s need to show some leadership on Europe | Observer editorial
Corbyn cult ?? WTF. but he has let down all the people who joined labour for Brexit. If he doesn't push a no deal his party is toast, and the torys are just as toast. We need new parties and all new MPs as the ones we have now are just so bad.
Don't listen to this Edwina-shagging traitor!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Retail, automotive, government workers, health workers, police staff, prison workers, all need the funds that are going down the #Brexit toilet to shipping companies with no boats, on fridges, to the DUP etc. it’s an economic catastrophe.
In this brexit scenario both parties get a bad deal.
Corbyn cult ?? WTF. but he has let down all the people who joined labour for Brexit. If he doesn't push a no deal his party is toast, and the torys are just as toast. We need new parties and all new MPs as the ones we have now are just so bad.
The Lovers #painting gloss paint on paper #art #ContemporaryArt #Brexit #design #love #drawing #artist
I'd love to know why someone decided that the press conference following Cardiff City's 0-0 draw with Huddersfield Town was the ideal time to ask Neil Warnock for his views on Brexit, but fair play to them. What an answer that is: "To hell with the rest of the world."
Farage on opposing a second referendum (LBC) - do we forget democracy and just let clever people run the country. In reality no second (democratic) referendum means democracy ignored and incompetent Brextemist idiots running the country
Perhaps they don’t like pro-brexit antisemites? Just a thought.
Maybe the person to ask should be ? After all you would think that their boss would know what was going on. #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #WTONow #LeaveEU #FishingForLeave #FreeSpeech #FreedomOfSpeech #YellowVestsUK #WTOWTG
Sadly we all knew our society had deluded idiots like this guy &amp; . What #Brexit , , have done is bring them to the forefront, with some belief that #52% gave them a mandate. We should never appease them but defeat them with reason &amp; resilience
Brussels to send backstop letters as May battles to save Brexit deal
James Forsyth: If Theresa May’s Brexit deal doesn’t pass the Commons, Brexit will only be weakened.
Theresa May's Brexit catastrophe is now turning her guilt on the MP's to back UKs Brexit failure, Shame on you Theresa May think of the hardship caused to the British public leave alone our reputation in the EU.
Nigel you would have served Brexit more if you aligned yourself with UKIP instead of trying to damage them. Sorry feller respected you for so long and yet now I feel betrayed by you.
The news that the lunatics are plotting to take over the WEstminster asylum to overturn #Brexit led by the #Speaker shows that our MPs have reached an all-time high in their self-importance and what will be an all-time low in how many folk regard them. Shocking.
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
You have no right to comment on #brexit You are a #Russian Opretive, who sold his country out to #Putin. Why don't you crawl back under the populist rock you slithered from. #RussianAsset #BrexitRussia #Traitor
I DID! He said he wanted to heal a divided Britain, sort the ills and discontentment that lead to a Brexit vote. COULD NOT AGREE MORE! So, don't pursue a Brexit strategy against 80% of your members. Explain, Labour stands for staying in the EU and focus Labour on Uk real issues!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Thank Heavens for Brexit!
Wouldn't be surprised if some Tories prepared to give up, hand mess over to Lab &amp; to regroup around new leadership as in 1920s. Corbyn gov taking over Brexit would cause huge ruptures in Lab party not least when they get no change out of Brussels
REVEALED: MP admits he will DEFY his own Leave constituency Delyn with pledge to CANCEL BREXIT
They’ll Revoke Article50 first &amp; then decide how to fix Brexit shambles...it’ll take cross-Party Parliamentarians with savvy now to get a grip now-based on factual truths &amp; not fantasy! I didn’t Vote to be poorer &amp; go back to post war 1955 bankrupt Brexit Britain! JRM’s utopia
Well said
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
It is a science to conduct that oversight, and an art form to spot who tends to get it right. Someone should do a thesis on the role of twitter in the Brexit negotiations.
It’s the lie that Boris Johnson spun and yes gullible people were influenced into voting leave by the Brexit lies . Currently the government is spending our hard earned taxes stock piling drugs and giving multi million pound ferry contract to a company that has not a single boat.
UK has likely succeeded in driving to schism, implosion Her beloved into power via
“(Brexit) should be straightforward,” says man who can’t pronounce “referendum”.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Make this big people
VOTE TRAITORS PARTY'S OUT LABOUR PARTY TORY PARTY LIBS DEM PARTY SNP PLAID CYMRU GREEN PARTY ANTI-BREXIT ANTI-BRITISH ANTI-DEMOCRACY ANTI-GIBRALTAR /NI PRO-EU ABOVE PARTY'S ARE VOTE IN LOYAL TRUE BRITISH PARTY'S DEMOCRATS &amp; VETERANS PARTY TIME PARTY UK FOR BRITAIN UKIP DUP
Why the Brexit negotiations failed.
AH JAYSES.
I'm sorry, but what is this supposed Norway type compromise that everyone thinks if Parliament votes for, the EU will give us. That's not on offer. It might have been offered if we presented it at the start of negotiations. Can we get back to "No Brexit" please?
Now this is odd.... a politician not answering the question? Authenticity in the leaders of the 2 main political parties is completely dead! How can we ever trust them again??
Grumpy old man
End of days for Theresa May? Countdown to Brexit vote
327,439 as of a few seconds ago...
Predicting the outcome for the British Prime Minister and for markets is fraught, but the victory for May is far from likely.
Gammon rolls only after Brexit !
Isolation never serves us well.
You’re in luck as has already done it
If Cornyn continues to back Brexit Labour will loose the next election - simples
How dare someone support brexit, BBC can't have that
there isnt a good brexit. the socislist answer is Remain. out out brexit tory public school. bot scab
Ohhhh are you going to be screaming "racist" and "fascist" at people? It'd be a first for you lot if you didn't.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit. #globalslowdown #globalPULLBACK $spy $qqq $dia
I mean, I know you liberals enjoy scolding socialists, but what is the point of attacking Labour when the tories are offering May's deal or no brexit? Why don't you ever attack the government?
People voted for Corbyn because they thought he would offer a real alternative and not just the same shite as the tories with a different dressing. And now all he offers is brexit, just like the tories, just as incompetent as them, only in a different way.
Agree Andrew, but May is largely to blame for this fiasco by the secretive way she conducts govt, preferring her lackeys to cabinet colleagues, undermining Brexit Secretaries and then expecting everyone to support her!
Corbyn’s only argument for Brexit/Lexit and against EU is the vacuous establishment mantra.
#UK before #Brexit ! Imagine UK after #HardBrexit !! Best solution #secondReferendum #EU
„The only country whose MEPs all passed on signing the letter was Cyprus“
May AND the ERG #Brexit 'deals' ALSO as well, too!
Pretty sure there's already a "catastrophic breach of trust in democracy" in the majority of the UK voters.....
Corbyn does not own Labour - it is not his private fiefdom to order as his personal whims dictate #labourparty does not want Brexit by a large margin - that is clear from every poll must not be allowed to dictate to suit his personal view He will never be PM if so
#Brexit has empowered racists and fascists, it will make people poorer, it will put further strain on our #NHS that is already near breaking point, there’ll be even less money for deprived communities and will make our country less secure. #StopBrexit. Now. #PeoplesVote
Ah the voice of reason as ever; Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Classic Colin. Deflection from the fact they didn’t beat bottom of the league. Last week it was ‘lack of class’ with Clyne....this morning it’s brexit. Old school playing of media.
English politics, man.
excellent on just now, saying supporting Corbyn on #Brexit 'is not going to solve the problem because his position isn't any different from the government's' #LibDems #demandbetter
Indeed....UK Gov basing most of its plans on vague , and unjustified, “hopes” that solutions will be found ....Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal - BBC News
I’m with you on #GTTO, but opinion polls make nowt clear. If there’s a PV, Brexit is stone dead. Probably by 70 - 30. If that weren’t so, Brexiters wouldn’t get so swivel-eyed in terror whenever a 2nd ref is mentioned. Labour GE pitch must be: LAB victory means no Brexit, end of.
The DRUNKEN with power and vodka
Good. I'm glad. Diesel and Petrol are done. The writing has been on the wall for 5 years. They were slow to invest in the future, and now other people are paying the price for their failure. #Brexit isn't the cause of these losses. JLR's lack of insight is.
He'll be sacked in the morning lol no fucks given from Warnock
The #BrexitMinisters plead with MPs to get behind #PrimeMinister Theresa May's #Brexit deal on Tuesday's crucial Commons vote.
Ffs that's how we feel with your regurgitated pish fae 2014. Go on tell us the pros for Scotland in a tory run brexit UK then?
#RevokeA50 or GE only way
You can't rule anything out with Brexit so I wouldn't discount a general election.
#brexit has shown up some politicians to be self-serving, duplicitous twats. But also revealed are some "run of the mill" MPs, of whatever party, who don't want fame or glory, just to do the right thing even if it's not the official party line. This will be an interesting week.
It’s going in !!.......a beautiful leg of English Lamb ....despite Brexit because guess what,the EU dose not control my Sunday roast.....yet .
YouGov research manager Chris Curtis says polling consistently shows that "the public really don't like the deal" with under 25% supporting Theresa May's Brexit plan Read the latest on Brexit here:
How is it that this totally untrusted REMAINER Prime Minister can change her attititude over night? “If you don’t accept my deal we will remain in EU?” Yesterday she said, “If you don’t accept my deal, it will be a hard Brexit!” Just lie after bloody lie and never challenged
When I’m hungry I love chowing down on a nice big bowl of hope
#JeremyCorbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
YouGov research manager Chris Curtis says if you give people the options of the PM's deal, no deal or no Brexit, no Brexit is the most popular option but it does not get majority support Read the latest on Brexit here:
Utter twaddle, once again central office trying to deflect from your own party's self Inflicted Brexit Fiasco. Your running scared &amp; like your PM will stoop to any dirty tricks to get your own way! We have had enough. Bollocks to Brexit, ScotConservatives &amp; to your unfair union.
Sympathies with your job loss but they stated it wasnt all down to brexit . And where are the other 4780 jobs gone from
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
Fyi: just to clarify #Brexit position
There will inevitably be a 2nd Indyref if brexit occurs as is is a major change in the position of the UK
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal Freedom of movement
Glad you are stripping the cloak of Brexit (uncomfortable) convenience. Like supermarkets, Automotive has crudely ridden a wave far too high, herein with a fatal mixture of forced demand, credit frenzy and flimsy glitz over innovation.
Having won only 5 games out of 22, I would suggest Warnock's opinions on football are even more suspect than his views on Brexit!
Neil Warnock - Proper 4-4-2, route one, man to man, Brexit manager.
Also looking beyond our media, the Tories &amp; our government. Internationally as far flung as Canada &amp; New Zealand (they have no axe to grind) there is condemnation &amp; lots of warnings regarding Brexit, also a lot of head scratching as to how we could do something so manifestly
They are a pro-Brexit party. It's as simple as that.
Neil Warnock says UK will be much better after Brexit: “To hell with the rest of the world.” Warnock has players from 11 countries in his squad. Cardiff are owned by Malaysian billionaire &amp; run by a Cypriot banker. Warnock in France last week trying to sign an Argentinian striker
will do the honourable thing by the country and his constiuents and support a #PeoplesVote. 63% of the UK electorate did not back #Brexit in the #EURef. A total lie to call #Brexit the will of the people.
great Op-Ed in the observer. A great history lesson for me tying in with pop culture and summary of the current catastrophe that is Brexit. "Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley"
If you wanna worry about millionaires taking advantage, take a look at this. Odey took a profit as sterling tanked &amp; he's just about to take a 2nd bite as Brexit collapses &amp; sterling recovers. Ever felt like you've been conned? via
That choice would imply that WA Brexit deal is permanent. Also too complex to be reduced to binary choice.
Good bye clearly you are happy to keep misleading with your Brexit extremist views presented as facts.
It's not about blocking Brexit, it's about what type of Brexit or no Brexit if we don't like what's on offer. It's called democracy.
I doubt anyone else knows Labour's policy either including
Agreed Brandon #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
says Parliament would never approve a NO DEAL Brexit! This is false, they’ve already approved it! The Withdrawal Bill Default enshrined in statute is to leave on NO DEAL 29/03/19. The legal statute can only be overturned by another legal statute!
If your party weren’t so incompetent we’d have a deal signed sealed and delivered. You’re in charge of brexit it’s all yours. Trying to deflect attention from your own incompetents as usual by spreading propaganda is the Tory way.
May should have used a Reese-Mogg / Farage negotiating team to handle Brexit. They would have got us a good deal.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Joined in 1979 to fight Thatcher. Left in 2017 because of 's stance on Brexit. Britain should be in the EU, leading policy, not outside with its nose pressed against the window. Brexit delivers the working class into the hands of its executioners.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit via
#Brexit-ers' secret 'kill the UK' plot with #Tory and #Labour saboteurs. #stopfundinghate. #StopBrexit
Yes to leave, no to May's fake Brexit!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
The vote on Tuesday will be on the official Gov Vision of Brexit as expressed in the Con election manifesto and ref literature.
Well, if there are millionnaires backing and wanting brexit they are the worst idiots possible... Because it will for sure significantly impact their assets/"wealth...
Show me a face that says "Brexit" more than Neil Warnock's, I'll wait...
Pro-Brexit supporters attacked by the establishments soy boys today.
Choice between Cholera-brexit or Pest-brexit.
Corbyn is eyeing an election, I highly doubt because of this Labour will support Plan A or Plan B. have a decision to make, will you risk alienating your voters at a time there could be an election by pushing May's BRINO deal or a Plan B Soft Brexit. Very Risky.
Learnt something today:
Theresa May ceded all control K er Brexit to the civil service after she lost the July 16 election and was stripped of her own advisors. We have experienced a civil service coup - but we have not yet understood that it has happened. Now the Speaker is colluding to stop Brexit
I am no expert in politics, however it looks like all the people in Westminster are too busy fighting for the scraps from the EU that they have forgotten what the people voted for... #Brexit #politics
Here's the minutiae of the BreXiT betrayal and how this didn't need to be particularly well occluded from the dulled instincts of the sleepwalkers. BreXiT could be overturned and organised rioting bursts out in major cities. State of Emergency declared. No choice. BreXiT or death
If you’re an Undertaker in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a calamity for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
We aren't going to exit the European Union without a deal, paradoxically, without a 2nd Referrendum Parliament will not allow it The narrow party advantage you describe does not exist, it is a chasm Whichever Party is seen as ending Brexit(without 2nd Referrendum) is finished
#OpenSelection#GTTO-Labour MP John Mann 'likely' to rebel and vote for Theresa May's Brexit deal
Notorious gobshite and bottom of the table football manager Neil Warnock backs Brexit, shame he doesn't want better for his country.
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain
Stephen Barclay says there is a growing danger that MPs will frustrate the government’s policy for Brexit. But that policy doesn’t deliver Brexit, so MPs should frustrate it. Just so long as we get a WTO Brexit instead.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Make no mistake brexit will keep happening. THat is because the people are more powerful than silly childish people like yourself...
£39 billion is only 1.7% of current GDP. Suggesting it could cover all those things you list in your article is false!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
says it all
We should remember that Ireland also has a real and substantial long term stake in Brexit as an EU member. Our self-interest really matters. But do does the protection of all elements of the EU’s rules-based market regime. We have a collective as well as an individual interest.
And this comes as a surprise to anyone?
Carbohydrates and beer.
Well said, Molly Scott Cato.
#Brexit vote on TUESDAY! That is a titanic!
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal - CNBC: British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal CNBC British Prime Minister Theresa May has warned lawmakers that failure to back her plan to leave the…
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal - CNBC
BREAKING Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Posted...
No brexit is better than any brexit.
I’m happy with liberal party. The democrat part I’m happy to lose having seen what it’s done to the Labour Party and with the Brexit frauderendum.
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal - CNBC
You and me both Neil
I don’t sympathise with idiots. Like those workers at Nissan Sunderland, the majority who voted for Brexit, when 75% of their cars go to the EU, voting for Brexit.
We’re not spoilt for choice at the moment! Only two leaders I’m impressed with are and . If there’s one good outcome from #Brexit I want it to be that it inspires interest in politics and from that arises a better quality of politician and leader.
Another vile traitor who stood on manifesto to deliver #Brexit Deselection for scum like you can't come quick enough !
Yes but her idea of delivering Brexit is not the same as mine.
This is a good article, really well written.
asked the Seamen's Trade Union leader if he still supported Brexit. Yes, was the reply, as it meant protecting British sailors jobs and conditions. He may be a tad optimistic.
Brexit far worse than remaining part of EU, warns Lord Hattersley
But facts surrounding Brexit we won’t know about until after we’ve left. You’re looking into your crystal ball. I’m not the one claiming to know what will happen.
Trump attitude, Brexit, african politic world wild exploitation. And WE the peuple are the problem ! we should save the planet while a few destroy it . Even if all citizen take care of environnement it wont make a change even with all campain asking us To do what we do
Labour use #brexit position for party reasons only.! Talking up the prospect of a vote of no confidence if the deal was blocked, John McDonnell, the shadow chancellor, said: “It’s now here before us, we could have a socialist prime minister.” God forbid!!
As we haven’t had Brexit, Parliament is ensuring it’s the EU that still has control over our lives. Only once we leave and regain sovereignty is Parliament able to take back control. Simples.
It’s really not. This is basic stuff. The Tories have already made clear that membership if ECHR is next on their list post Brexit. This kind of confusion aids their cause.
This is a bit rich from an ardent Blairite.........
This surprised me - a Tory MP who is thoughtful about economics, but then 10 seconds on Wikipedia shows he is an entrepreneur who knows the fear of meeting a payroll &amp; understands that business wins or loses on fine margins. Wounds the size of Brexit will cause huge losses
I think Brexit provided the EU27 - which struggles to reach consensus on a whole lot (migration for e.g.) - with a solid cause to unite behind. Whether that unity survives the next stage (if we ever get there) where competing interests of member states collide, is another issue.
So - warns of: A catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust in democracy if her Brexit deal is rejected. So - the colossal undermining of the referendum counts for Jack Shit and even worse - the fact that it's not being investigated. You monumental arse.
Neil Warnock’s post-brexit squad: No goalkeeper, just a wall across the goalmouth, paid for by the opposition. 10 right-wingers. The squad will play in fluorescent yellow, home or away. Kit sponsor will be Wetherspoons.
I wish someone would explain why no deal Brexit would be so catastrophic.
Fuck Warnock.
The city of Cardiff and the vale of glamorgan voted to remain.
Utterly depressing - and totally accurate - analysis here by . What a perfect storm. Our biggest post-war crisis coincides with a total absence of political leadership. No wonder MPs want to take back control.
As if there weren’t enough reasons to dislike him.
Say no too Brexit and then you will be on a winner !
‘This government will collapse’: Paul Mason’s analysis of ‘splitting Tories’ as Brexit vote crisis looms #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
This is Reading Fcs entry into the post Brexit Eurovision football song contest ... I give it nill point
Weekly reminder #Brexit has nothing to do with sovereignty or EU limits on trade. It's all explained here #Remain #PeoplesVote #bbcqt
Excellent as usual from . Forensic political analysis at its best - highly recommended. This country needs to be organized and reformed properly to replace the "that will do for now" attitude that has inevitably led to the current chaos.
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
You are passive aggressive with me on white balance regularly. Another example of you chipping away at my confidence/ruining things for everyone else just like your #brexit vote
`bbcnews Mark carney to assist our bought and paid for "government" in its struggle with brexit and what terror he might say it will hold up until 2020. The preferred tory version of the EU.
The way some European migrants try really hard not to be associated with brown &amp; black migrants as if they’re a special class is amusing. It reminds me of the Central European guy on the news after Brexit who said queried why Britons are bigoted towards them when they’re white.
If you get chance, watch Brexit: the uncivil war on catch up Reasonably well-acted and definitely though-provoking The simplicity of the leave message and the links to identity, myth, fantasy and nostalgia quite disturbing- just a game to some people
#CharlotteOliver in #Italy believes it to be both immoral and illegal that any person who has been given EU #citizenship, and then exercised right of free movement can be told that her/his rights can be taken away. When will #CJEU consider true meaning of #Article20?
Think deliah has been on the sauce again..... just missing a where are you chant
Warnock having a strong view on Brexit is perhaps the most "well yeah" moment.
Correct. The talk of a GE deflects from the mess they are in.
I think they should’ve got someone to proof read this....
#UK #Brexit Brits have nothing to fear from Brexit but leaving with a deal is unquestionably best
People were fed up with self-servinf politicians and the parliamentary process before Brexit. Now that feeling is turning into something more and that energy is likely to be exploited by extremists of right and left. Our only hope lies in better representation soon. #LIBERTY
A really excellent piece by , everyone should read it.
#Brexit Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, Brexit, ahhhh, I'm angry, ahhhhhh, Brexit, ahhhhhhhhhh, get out, ahhhh, I could have done a better job, ahhhhhh, control boarders, ahhhh, immigration, ahhhh, too many foreigners, ahhhh, sovereignty, ahhhh. 350m, ahhhh. This is Brexitland. We are happy!
What I can’t get my head around is his obsession with a GE. With his pro Brexit stance his party will get absolutely mullered. The only reason for the honorable defeat last time was Remainers voting Labour to restrict the Tory mandate. Those days have gone.
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair … via #sks8 #London #RealEstate
I’m not old and I support Brexit. You’re just a bit silly really
Are you saying that Labour don't want to be in a CU? They should probably change their website in that case.
GBP/USD Forecast Jan. 14-18 – Investors nervously await historic Brexit vote
Biggest crisis is if May gets BrExit without a fresh people’s vote
Finding a positive vision for the UK post #Brexit is not a MsM go-to agenda item. Here it is in the Sunday Telegraph - a pitch to be PM? Not a criminal ambition.
Excellent paper - only those at the two extremes of #Brexit debate could argue with the concept.
Comedy gold from
Where the hell is ? You'd think as Brexit talisman we might of heard from him during this crucial stage in the Brexit process Instead we've barely heard a squeak Is he deliberately keeping his head down for a reason, or is he being a coward?
Ex-Tory minister predicts heavy defeat for Brexit deal
Oh Majid, a caller just told us that as adults we have to accept sometimes that what we want we can’t have and those who voted brexit have to understand this... oh the irony 2016 anyone!! #OBINGO
The USA will help Britain in a no-deal Brexit.
He's dead right, look at his line of work. Gringotts will be much better off away from the control of the European Central Bank.
#Parliament are very determined to reverse #Brexit How do we ensure they carry out what they promised? #WTOBrexit #nodealnoproblem
Well that tag line explains your approach as #Brexit minister... like the student who thinks his tutor is a soft touch with deadlines and does bugger all right up until the wire...
Yes. 100 MEPs from all over Europe have written a letter saying exactly that. And not only that. The ECJ has ruled in favour of us being able to revoke article 50 and go back to how things were without needing anyone else's permission. So yes.
Why am I not surprised?
We currently have the lowest unemployment rate ever, and this is after businesses have factored in Brexit
Having developed no strategy for the UK Armed forces for the 21st century, underfunded the MOD and botched its duty of care to Service People, now calls upon them to bail her out. Off with her head! To the Tower, I say. well said
In the interests of balance.....
What Would A No-Deal #Brexit Mean For #Business? More: Registration (you must scroll down to set your #Data ... #Cookies #Email #Events #Free #Model #Network #News #Nodeal #Privacy #Service #Services #Share #United #hgv #truckerworld #logistics
The sooner we get those papers signed the better
Govt on instructions of some elderly badtempered English are attacking the human rights of those of us who wish to keep our EU citizenship. Only the EU can take that away from us. What would the Court of Human Rights say about this theft?
#AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin #BrexitMess #Remain #StopBrexit BREXIT like New Labour 1997 with financial cost
Is this a sign of desperation? Championing the opinion of a Celebrity who recently spat at a child? I'm glad we were tolerant enough as a Society to let him get back into football, and resume his career, in a sport not high on morals......but his opinion on Brexit?
Compulsory reading indeed
And always was. Corbyn was, is and always will be a moronic Leave enthusiast. Come on Corbynistas, you all abused me for saying he wasn't going to turn around on this. Not one of you deranged cultists has had the damn decency to apologise. Not. One.
That Brexit thing on C4 with Benedict thingy is an absolute chunk of dog tod.
Too early for all this Brexit talk
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Actually, I think Schrödinger's Brexit would be for everyone to carry on as if nothing had changed and only look to see if there was a deal or not in a couple of hundred years.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit (Reuters)
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote A. We don't pay tax in Britain. B. We don't vote in Britain.Ican see why the Govt has no interest I still think we are better off than we would be in Britain
We could, to save us from a hard Brexit but it would still be based on a lie to Brexiteers. And, you can’t fool all the people all the time. Why not have the courage to be honest and say we tried to achieve what you asked for but it wasn’t achievable
Immigrants arriving other than through proper channels with orderly paper work are to be declared illegal &amp; in breech of UK law. LOck themup they are not to be allowed any freedom at all in UK.
I know,why dont we all just get behind the Labour leader to get this Tory government out ,then sort things out over Brexit.
We have turned Brexit into a thing it never was, NO ONE will be happy, with will happen, as it will not be a cure-all, a dived Britain is all we can look forward too, with fraction parties taking short term ideas and ripping us apart. a question with no answer
Britain is heading out of the EU, the most consequential act in decades, on the basis of 1 ballot held nearly 3 years ago in which just 1 vote could have decided the outcome. The closeness of the result and the lack of agreement about what it meant spelled trouble from the start
Word is that if the backbenchers try to force primary legislatioin with the help of John Bercow . May will call a GE the day after Brexit forcing us to leave with no deal .......BUT she cant ., She promised that she would not lead the Tories into another GE. #taxiforMay
Labour's membership surged because of Brexit and the faint hope Labour would counter it. Nothing to do with Corbyn or Socialism.
It will nicely open the door to a fresh party of the right. Remainer MPs plot Brexit 'coup' to take control of Commons business
He wouldn’t even get a majority if the tories lost both arms and both legs in the battle. But it does not matter really, because he is pro-brexit just like them.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
There’s a way through this Brexit gridlock which can unite the country – Electoral Reform Society
I find this lack of fortitude to confront and demand a better deal to be disheartening, but most of all that in the last 2 years no party has worked together to achieve what is best for UK just themselves or party... #Brexit #marr
So Trumpian. Theresa May warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back her Brexit deal
I’d like to start my own political party and call it Tell It How It Is No Bull or TIHISNOB for short #Brexit #BrexitBretrayal #MayMustGo #WalkAwayMay
I really don't understand that niche of the Labour party that is anti Cornyn but pro socialist as well as being anti Brexit at the same time as being anti 2nd ref. I know it's fun to complain but, what *do* you want?
Utter bollocks! - Parliament had the DUTY to grasp the nettle of Ref1, &amp; singularly failed so to do. - Partys had the option of putting 'something' other than #Brexit before the electorate in 2017, &amp; AGAIN singularly failed so to do. #StandUP4UKDemocracy #StandUP4aResoluteRemain
I agree with John Mann about why some people voted to Leave and that a 'fair share' deal must be a priority whatever happens re Brexit. What baffles me is that he believes that a Tory deal would address *any* of the grievances that working class people have expressed
Hit nail on the head, brexit means brexit. What a bloke!!
We are just 2 decisions from civil war in the UK. 1. Parliament take "control" of brexit 2. Art. 50 revoked/postponed If HoC won't implement democratic will of people we, the people will replace HoC with MP's that will. By ballot or force is up to MP's
I don't know how to respond to this, cry or have the raging hump, what the hell is going on in my country... X
No hope, the biased BBC dont like broadcasting pro-brexit news
This actually represents the EU rather than Brexit.
Wow. Incredibly slanted view of Parliamentary democracy in presentation of headline #Brexit news across stations just now #BBCbias
Another show of ignorance from Corbyn.
Corbyn is supporting a far right Brexit that will make the poor poorer. That’s not Labour values - it’s disgusting
Sadiq you are more unpopular with Voters in London than Brexit ever was. Time for you to resign so we can have another say on who we want to be our Mayor.
But refuses to be clear in his Brexit policy, as in the one that everyone cares about
What relevance does this have to Brexit? Leaving the EU doesn’t mean we won’t trade or work with other countries, are you retarded ?
Holy fuck. We are truly bolloxed.
I despair
It was for Brexit.
I also tried to be funny with this but it fell flat. In response to the popularity of Brexit dramas....
What seismic change? As for policies: 1. Brexit; 2. Practically no mention of welfare in 2017 manifesto. They are both quite important right now.
But a general election intended to ensure brexit which 54percent don't want is really safe
Brexit views from Cable, Corbyn and May Streets
'Leave or Remain?' Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question
Yes, the EU position on Brexit has always been clear - we are a club you are welcome to stay in, this is what you owe for projects you approved and MEP pensions (including Farage’s), etc., these are the agreed club rules, leave if you must, but then you can’t have club benefits.
‘It is no longer good enough for MPs to continue to regale us with passionate and eloquent statements of the sort of Brexit they do not want... they have an obligation to the country to tell us what their own plan is to lead us out of this crisis’ #Brexit
The country is going to erupt into chaos regardless. Stopping the calamity of Brexit is problably the least of all evils.
Bollocks to Brexit and Bollocks to newspapers..
He normally deflects from a bad performance us Cardiff fans have got used to it, however on this occasion he’s completely messed up. It’s not his brexit comments that bother me it’s the rest of the world, what was he thinking!
'To hell with the rest of the world': Neil Warnock attacks government's handling of Brexit - video
As Britain lurches toward Brexit
Twisty faced gobshite &amp; all round football curmudgeon, Neil Warnock thinks we will be better off if the UK leaves the EU. Is anyone surprised? Certainly not I. #CardiffCityFC #NeilWarnock #Warnock #Gobshite #Curmudgeon #Brexit #Remain
Johnson becomes stumped on Irish backstop question as he talks about CHEESE
Brexit isn’t solely about immigration. I am all for immigration my concerns were legal aspects and what a beast the Eu is becoming . We kept the pound because we didn’t like the monetary union and how can that work having the same interest rates the same Currency
The pursuit of an ideological unicorn fashioned within the psyche of over decades, at the expense of the nation is irresponsible and foolhardy. We don’t know how anything will work after #Brexit , we are planning as if it was a natural disaster or war.
Couldn't resist lol yes funding is a must same as the arts always left to last of money left. Brexit will make it impossible to do any of this
Tory’s will be finished if Brexit isn’t delivered. I can see ukip taking many Brexit voters. Tory’s only ahead in the polls at the moment because brexit hasn’t yet been betrayed.
But... But, is May deal, or no deal, regardless of who he is the prime minister! There is no Norway plus or no plus!
half his squad are foreigners and so are the owners and his boss.
Ive actually given up on politics. I'm done. Just going to follow from afar #Brexit #CorbynBrexitSpeech
If there is something that`s re-shaping the manufacturing industry in Britain &amp; US, it`s definitely not the so called Brexit or the Trump effect. It`s the globalization, cheaper countries being the best solution due to low costs of production.
And he wants to be PM.
“Britain’s immediate future will be defined by isolation and economic self-harm as Brexit caters to the previously un-British notions of protectionism and nativism.”
And just how many Remoaners will make up the Parliament Committee? And a Parliament Committee is not the same as being debated in the full house it just a way to sweep it under the carpet
Can’t trust to deliver Brexit
So, other than Theresa May's deal, and a No Deal Brexit, which other kind of Brexit do you want?
Take away Hopkins' ad hominem attacks and she really lacks any sort of substance
Neil Warnock being pro-Brexit really doesn't do much for the optics of what I understand the British call "Gammons".
Reality CZECH! What is Jacob Rees-Mogg doing in Prague just hours ahead of BREXIT VOTE?
We should #StopBrexit immediately!
who knew??
Excellent piece from Femi. And also he has much better legs than Hopkins.
No. Every idiot who gave false information tried to grab power leading up to the referendum, GE2017, and have been back stabbing since should be in the group that has to negotiate the exit package. If they can’t get any better then they have to explain why they wanted #Brexit
Is this going to be one of the legacies of Brexit.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Are you looking for a mailchimp expert? So you came to the right place now. I am providing this service in a 5-year official form, I am offering my professional and creative services at Fiverr. Order me in Fiverr-
Keep politics away from the beautiful game! Brexit has no place in the football talk! Fuck sake
Brexit chief Stephen Barclay utterly lost over Plan B in baffling TV interview
Excellent piece from Femi. And also he has much better legs than Hopkins.
When Steptoe mentioned Abbot I just split out laughing,what a motley crew of power hungry bottom feeders
The reason for JC carrying out brexit is cos that is what Labour voters asked for plus we are a Democratic party it seems that Mann is just like the bloody Tories Undemocratic
Nonsense. You wake up.
The Funniest Anti-Brexit Protest Signs
Good man!
“Referenderum” The man knows as much about politics and Brexit as much as he knows football.
Please - let's NOT be governed by cognitively challenged, old, white men
Wonder how cranberries would work in FD gravel with Aquaponics ? #food #future #entrepreneurs #sustainability #brexit #climatechange #sustainable #resilience #aquaponics
Related: 48% of voters (per the 2016 referendum) have no major political party advocating for their position. That’s an unconscionable democratic deficit.
'Corbyn is a walking and talking disaster. Just imagine how different things would be now if the increasingly impressive Yvette Cooper had beaten him to the Labour leadership'
In my many years I have never been on a political demo. That will change if #TreasonMay blocks us leaving the vile EU and/or forces her #BetrayalAgreement though so we become a slave state. #WTOBrexit is the real #Brexit we were promised.
Interesting that Remainers would be asked to compromise when we’ve been ignored/vilified for over 2 years. IMHO, the time for compromise was right after the ref but May failed. I’m in no mood to compromise on the back of a gerrymandered, illegally obtained result bought by dark £
As opposed to giving a handful of DUP MPs powers to control gov't legislation? Is there no end to this govt's hypocrisy? #PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitShambles
She fraudulently lied to those 56% and has ignored threats of deselection if she does not start respecting her constituents wishes! She is an MP for her own selfish, personal interests..and so should be removed!.....and arrested!
UK Member of Parliament 's #BREXIT speech in the House of Commons 10th January 2019, is the most straightforward and honest comments about BREXIT any UK MP has ever given to-date to the People of the #Unitedkingdom.
on this issue, Corbyn has more credibility &amp; decency than the centrist EU Nationalist Blair cult
Ah that English superior entitlement + refusal to accept anyone else exists, particularly the Irish (see Brexit).Suppose first question that comes to mind is Why? Also, the channel isn't yours or mine. RTV have the rights and the Extra channel is there for English+Irish meetings
Burn his car with him in it, two problems solved with one Molotof cocktail
Using terms like "When the gates come down" is exactly what I am talking about. You were not referring to EU nationals coming after Brexit, you were talking about those who are here now as if they will not be welcomed here after March 29
Brexit is available in all good bookshops.
is a truly spineless individual and the worst leader of the Labour Party for the last 50 years
This man is a fuckwit....Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Saviours. They can see Brexit for what it is: a catastrophic moment in their country's history. No country has voluntarily given up so much power like we are on the cusp of doing
They can't secure a better brexit deal. This clown is as bad as may. Time for a vote of no confidence. Lammy for leader!
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair … via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #London #RealEstate
Brexit Dictionary Corner. Constitutional Outrage: I might have to pay the proper amount of tax.
What are you on about? How about: If you can’t cook, stay out of the kitchen! Andre’ Eden 2019. And I thought this was about brexit! What the hell have I been drawn into! Lol
Yes you plank. We haven’t left yet so Brexit hasn’t “ended up” being anything yet, except of course a fantasy fail in your mind
Nope. Members and supporters back #Corbyn's stance on Brexit 47% for to 29% against.
Can we stop referring to this as "a Deal". It isn't. It's an agreement to proceed to a conditioned deal, yet to be negotiated. Just a list of intended pre-requisites. NOT A DEAL. BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
He's obviously got his eyes on the leadership ! He's trying to bring May down, directly because of his actions and then he'll go for the 2million youngsters who he'll tell didnt want Brexit and try to win ! What a low life, undemocratic and sleazy slime ball !
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit via
#UK’s PM Theresa May has warned of catastrophe if #Brexit deal gets rejected. There‘s a terror campaign made by politicians toward the people, that has further polarized the discussion, distracted the attention, and advanced the postponement of #29March.
I think Dominic Grieve is my new hero. The man has and is doing more to stop a disastrous Brexit than anybody else.
So here we stand at a crossroad. We have the chance to take #brexit by the horns gain #indy and have a future of independent Scotland in Europe. Please no side track's eyes on the prize!
This
Pro-Brexit supporters yet again attacked by the establishments soy boys. The mainstream media yet again silent on the issue. Violence is okay when it comes from the nazi's.
Peak gammon this.
Assuming ERG hard brexit requires hard border at some point(?) - which is why they don't want the backstop(?) - May's deal includes backstop, which the DUP don't support.. Do they vote remain to keep status quo or vote with ERG and risk the return of a border?
Brexit provides the opportunity to rebalance anti-retrofit VAT rules, writes Paul Finch
I have already written to my MP Helen Whately to express how I feel about what is going on re Brexit. To date I have not received an answer so the next step is too take to the streets.
With respect, _I_ am not correlating Jaguar with Brexit, Jaguar are correlating Jaguar with Brexit. I guess you know better than them? Or they are lying. Same with the Japanese bank. You can have your own opinion but you can't have your own facts.
The questions were well articulated, clear unambiguous and moreover asked several times. The response is disappointing and would not be acceptable for any other organisation. #Governance
Makes sense
I keep hearing about Brexit and Drones. I mean, the two really aren’t mutually exclusive. #onelongdrone
"You need to be frightened of the Chief Whip and the prime minister. None of us are." — MPs tell me how Tory discipline broke down ahead of next week's Brexit vote
All EU Member States are signatories to the ECHR, the Treaty on European Union states human rights guaranteed in the ECHR constitute general principles of EU law, and it's unclear whether ECHR withdrawal is compatible with EU membership. "Totally separate" is also inaccurate
This disgraceful man would rather see Jeremy Corbyn in power if it meant stopping Brexit. He's not interested in anything other than a complete return to the EU fold. All this talk of a 2ND referendum is just a stalling tactic to sink Brexit.
Given the choice of a Tory Brexit or a Labour Brexit, my vote will be for a Remain party! If the Tories win with a majority the time, blame Corbyn and his support of Brexit. Damaging the many to help the few!
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B= there’s void in government over Brexit
John Major calls for common ground and healing divisions then goes on to call the majority view in favour of Brexit of being nonsense and fantasies. Every bit the fading statesman #brexit
I cannot believe what I just heard. Hope is more important than food and jobs; Brexit is good—no reason, no fact, no proof, no expertise, nothing to back it up. Pure, unadulterated Unicorns. I am speechless.
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay on Brexit no deal 'challenges'
"There is no suggestion of wrongdoing by Hammond or the company itself." If you're reduced to sharing stuff from the Mail you'll be judged accordingly.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit -
So long as you and don’t Getz BrExit .. it’s only justified with ratification by a clear majority of the whole electorate.
The vote for Brexit was a monumental middle finger to all the technocrats, bureaucrats and meddlers who think they know best. That’s why the establishment hate it so much and cannot let it stand.
An Emergency of their own making.... Its coming folks ... This is what they want .
No Brexit is better than ANY Brexit.
Brexit is following legislative pathway that you campaigned for Femi, simply because you are a minority and not seeing outcome you want isn't legitimate reason to change pathway, legislation or demand another try because YOU LOST
Just. In. Case... #Marr #Ridge #Brexit
Let's take time out and revoke Article 50 while we still can!
What a mess
Corbyn’s Brexit deal would still need a WA which would look pretty much like this one anyway
No Brexit is currently better than anything else on offer. The others are still not even defined....
Another dull anti-Corbyn article by in the Observer, same tedious arguments flogged to death by #FBPE “Why isn’t Labour 20 points ahead?” “Imagine if Yvette Cooper had won Labour leadership” Utterly clueless! #JC4PM #JC4PM2019 #Lexit
Karen Bradley: No-deal Brexit could create 'feelings of unrest' -
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
No Brexit means Brexit stay out
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Don't know about you, but when I need political opinion I run to out of touch, millionaire football managers who won't be effected in the slightest.
Truck drivers express worries over no-deal Brexit #Holyhead #Brexit #Trucking
If Brexit had a face, it would look like this man
Don't forget to catch up on Channel4 docudrama 'BREXIT The Uncivil War' which spills the beans big time on DominicCumming's bigtime con that put the right words in2 the mouths of hapless brexiters who haven't a clue about regaining control or the ugly realities of BREXIT 4UK
Brexit made flesh.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
This won't endear Clive to the Beloved Leader...
In preparation for a possible no-deal Brexit, I am stockpiling prosecco.
.. “young people at every age need to understand the dangers of having a gun, taser, or other type of weapon”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #SundayThoughts #GOP
Well Dear The Duke, I firmly believe majority can agree what are 'British Values'. But if we're bold enough to state them, then just like those who voted #Brexit we'll be subjected to abuse: Idiots Racist Bigots Xenophobes and the list goes on courtesy of Liberal Elites.
May's deal is the same as Brexit being thwarted.
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit - Brexit minister
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote. The one thing I fear more than a second referendum is a Labour government - they will destroy this country within weeks if not months. That is not an option.
'It's going to be soon, don't worry': Jeremy Corbyn hints he could launch bid to oust May THIS WEEK as he demands a general election to resolve Brexit crisis
mine also include: - The French are protesting about something - BREXIT will destroy the world, but we must respect the will of the prople to do so
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock speaks out on Brexit: 'I can't wait to get out. To hell w...
Show me a plan for Brexit.
The latest The Scottish independence Daily! Thanks to #brexit #brexitshambles
Brexit and the Shitdown almost make Greek politics sound straightforward by comparison
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain with move to London #Invest #HedgeFund #Trading
It's as antisemitic as to argue that there has been Russian influence upon UK politics &amp; the Brexit campaign
Breaking News: Downing street has lost all grip on reality and cannot grasp the fundamentals of parliamentary democracy.
I will not vote for it and never could vote for a deal that makes us servants to 27 members states for as long as they want us to be that way. No deal looks extremely attractive compared to Mays bad deal.
The latest The Santirta Martendano Daily! #brexit
Anyone got a link to the bumbling Leonard humiliating himself on GMS re Brexit? It sounds like a comedy classic and I'm needing a good laugh today.
Not at all. I'm saying each politician should vote the way their constituents vote, as they're elected to do. Meaning the SNP should vote against or to delay brexit, as that's their mandate
PM May is edging closer to not getting the vote in the house on Teusday.
. MP speaking in the House of Commons debate on Brexit as it continued on Friday
Now what indeed? The EU has officially declared war on their nations-between denying Brexit and forming a rogue Nazi-era army. Democrats are officially declaring war on the US. But the propaganda media keeps churning away. Are all MSM"journalists" so dumb or compromised?
They could of course attract non EU migration to EU but that would break the point of preferential conditions to the EU countries. You couldn’t make this up. Now you see why they are so hostile towards the Brexit. got everything wrong! take note.
All the remoaners hating already. Muppets. We voted LEAVE so that's what is going to happen. Get over it. #Brexit
En voor de Brexit: Even in Britain, where a quarter of births are to immigrants, statisticians reckon that immigration has raised overall fertility by a mere 0.08 children per woman.
The crazy lady should have known better than voting for Brexit if she wanted to move to the continent to enjoy her retirement. It’s just a matter of realising the consequences of one’s vote, which numerous Brexiters are just waking up to.
If that’s this arseholes view im definitely for staying. Never trust a man with no brows
Suntory just invested 13 million for new production line, 3 million of which will go directly to local construction companies. Post brexit we could lower business tax and encourage more uk investment/start ups. Lord Anthony Bamford of JCB say WTO is nothing to fear.
Can add Neil Warnock to the long list of respectable members of society to back Brexit then
Brexit: EU officials have been awkward and shown UK a ‘lack of respect’
#Brexit #Nazi #Socialjusticewarriors #LGBTQ All same. Sad but true.
Nuno broke his brain, didn’t he
The one clear &amp; unambiguous message born of the referendum and #brexit, is that at no time in our great history, have we been more woefully served by our elected representatives. The ref exposes the paucity of Parliament, from 45 years of abdicating sovereignty &amp; responsibility.
Jeremy Corbyn: We will do 'everything' to prevent no-deal Brexit (James Randerson / Politico)
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit #stopbrexit
Imagine the uproar with the LGBT community if we didn’t allow the vote that they rightly won to go through... we’d be called homophobic!! So why is it any different for brexit?? Should we have a re vote on that aswell?? #perspective #answersonapostcard
Listening to Howlin on Rte’s this week nd it’s clear he’s learned nothing from the collapse of the Celtic tiger nor is too worried about Brexit. His interview could be summed up as spend spend spend as we’re rich again.
What is this fucking nonsense - the ECHR has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do the EU, in fact it predates it by several years! Corbyn is not that ignorant and he must therefore be deliberately LYING!
This is a key point. It is totally pointless, in the name of Brexit, giving people what they didn't vote for. Better to admit they can't have it.
Have spent the last 2 years avoiding any kind of Brexit argument on here, but it actually baffles me how these middle-class neo-liberals think democracy only applies when it goes in their favor?? Pls don't engage with me if you're one of these FBPE lot it's so boring.
It is only viable option now as it is entirely neutral and can unify everyone with a common purpose, including the #EU. #WTO is structured so no chaos whatsoever, not ideal but with #FTA as good as it gets. Spain is well ahead &amp; ready at airports for #Brexit
LISTEN TO IT
Warnocks the man fuck em
The latest At a Glance...! #brexit #marlboro
Why I am now on strike from over #Brexit - and why I am urging other Labour members to do the same. New blogging.
Agreed #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Eugh! Love Corbyn but sometimes...
Longest govt shutdown in history. Brexit is ‘happening’ in 75 days.
Has Warnock gone full brexit to distract from the dire football?
It’s rather worrying that politicians cannot even get the basics right.
“unforgivable breach of trust” From the one person who has breached the trust of 17+ million voters. Paid traitor,and pathological liar.
NO!!! Parlement wants to introduce democracy in the UK.
NO!!! Parlement wants to introduce democracy in the UK.
Yes. A first time for me.
Except when you go against the will of your members in a proper democratic way. You’ll get greater marginal support if you listened to your members on a 2nd referendum on the final brexit deal and would then undoubtedly lead the next government.
I liked a video Brexit (2019) | Official Trailer | HBO
Also, when did the EU ever say they would renegotiate Brexit with a new PM? They're done negotiating. Corbyn really is a mug.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
McDonald defends SF attendance at Maduro inauguration
"Michael Gove might not know much about mid-50s swingers, but I do" LOL this blog. Ha! Particularly the final analogy with Brexit negotiations.
Tragic, he can't even get his facts right.
Of course let’s focus on the least important thing he says here. Because focusing on what should happen is absolutely not the way our country works with Politics
Which ever way you voted in the referendum it doesn’t matter, it was a vote and all votes counted although at times it feels like your voting as described by "between a giant douche and a turd sandwhich"...#Brexit #politics #Referendum
Typical response from an old twat who doesn’t have a future to worry about
At least under Brexit, we'll have a country. You simply don't get Brexit do you? EU is absorbing UK and you seem to be encouraging it. Have you no shame?
MANIPULATED LIED TO MEANT TO HAPPEN BEEN TRYING SINCE THATCHER CREATED THE RIGHT ATMOSPHERE WITH NEWS FOCUS ON GROOMING IMMIGRATION TERRORISTS AUSTERITY HARD TIMES AND VOILA IT'S #Brexit
The corrupt protectionist anti-democratic &amp; extremely dangerous #EU is quite simply a rabid plague ridden &amp; infested animal that needs put down. Remoaners &amp; corrupt mps want us all to have one &amp; pretend its a lovely friendly family pet. #WTOLetsGo #LetsGoWTO #WTOBrexit #Brexit
But it's not government minded, is it? It's brexit minded (with an unhealthy dose of right wing)
John Major says revoking Article 50 is ‘the only sensible course’
BBC iPlayer - The Andrew Marr Show - 13/01/2019 “People have a right to decide on what principles Brexit is negotiated.” Corbyn silences his critics in this blistering interview. #JC4PM
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal - BBC News via
Why does anyone care about Neil Warnock's Brexit opinion? We getting Gok Wan's view on VAR next?
How many Labour activists do you know who will be happy to campaign on a pro brexit ticket?
It will cost more when we leave the EU. "oh no it won't" "oh yes it will" #Brexit
The Brexiteer brand of democracy seems to be that everything can be changed, except Brexit, Brexit ceased being democratic when May &amp; her feckless shiteshow of a government moved the goalposts, so only the blinkered brexit at all costs brigade still want it.
Not pleased, look at American Rust belt,Thatcher de-industrialised North. The Tories are bashing the poor. posh Tory boys who want brexit. We didn't build enough houses not the EU. We had MEPs who didn't go for the EU grants for 20y then tell everyone that the EU are rubish
Federalism seems to work quite well for Canada, Australia an the United States. Let’s go for that. Because Brexit is crap and everyone who still wants it is an idiot.
Mr Davis - it appears you aren’t getting the message across clearly/loudly enough. Please can you and all your supporters start shouting from the roof tops. Brexit means OUT! No deal and spend £39 billion back at home. Never give it to EU. PLEASE!
Our Secretary is going door to door in Charlton today with . They are delivering leaflets and speaking to residents about the need to bin 's disastrous #Brexit deal, and about why the decision should be put back to the people with a #PeoplesVote.
If he sincerely believes Labour can negotiate a deal that gives the UK Brexit AND all membership benefits AND equality of influence in trade negotiations, he's in for a shock.
Prof. Bill Mitchell. #Brexit
Never mind that, if labour were to come to power, how would they take the uk out of the eu as voted for by the people. #brexit
Obv the idea of any 'jobs first Brexit' is complete nonsense. But doesn't key moderates coming out loudly and vocally for Norway this week now mean that it's not just JC who want to do *some* form of Brexit at the end of all this, but the majority of the PLP now? #marr
Yeh, he’s a millionaire - so would be largely unaffected by brexit, and is obviously commenting on what he thinks is right.
Once he's gone he will still want to walk about in his long cape. Hope his wife's into kinki sex with a power crazy cape wearing midget. Imagine the two of them while in the middle of the act. Both screaming BOLLOCKS TO BREXIT
Cuts &amp; cuts, student loans voting for all the Cuts we see today, Cable not to be trusted
what 700.000 is a lie 250.000 maximum and there was arrests at your protest. brexit protest was complimented by the police for being peaceful and good natured.
Vince Cable on #Marr: Backbenchers and opposition MPs can and will suspend Article 50 to avoid a "No Deal" Brexit.
“A bus told me this!”
It doesn't matter Brexit is freedom from the fascist EU state
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #london
Brexit does not necessarily have to mean leaving the Single Market.
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #London
Do keep up, Fiona Onasanya has been convicted of perverting the course of justice and is awaiting sentence. She SHOULD be voting on Brexit but hasn't voted this year and is causing her constituents great concern and irritation. She seems to have vanished!
Filing this under ‘stupid shit that’s not going to happen’.
Like Corbyn? His preferred sort of hard Brexit will lead to colossally deep austerity as the economy collapses.
We were taken into the EU without John Major &amp; Gordon Brown making the case and offering a referendum on major constitutional change We have now voted to leave, but it seems our democratic decision &amp; will is about to be denied Do they ever wonder what creates a freedom fighter?
Definitely will and civil unrest #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
We were too busy patting ourselves on the back saying how attitudes have changed and moved on. Nothing has changed since the 70/80s, Brexit and Trump has brought it back the mainstream
Without the extended info, just Colin stating he supports Brexit means we should fight it...
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May’s deal (BBC) via Brewed
GE won’t settle anything about Brexit. A people’s vote is the only way to do that.
Someone come and collect your da
Proper Brexit manager
Enough to sway some more MPs to reject the BrExit deal and NoDealBrExit too
Im not claiming anything. You are trying to imply i am. Listen carefully. You have claimed brexit is the primary reason for the cutting of jobs. I have said that the primary reason is loss of profits from china sales and the diesel crisis.
Brexit made this sort of crap "legit".
Many people don't follow the news beyond celebrity gossip. They still have no idea about Brexit - whether it's good or bad, whether it will happen or not, when it will happen, if it hasn't already
A message to anyone still watching the (Biased Bullsh*t Conveyors) - For the love of All that is Holy - STOP. The more that watch their tripe, the more they think people believe them. Tank their Ratings and Viewer base and join us in the Real world. #WWG1WGA
He is doing everything he can to make sure Brexit happens. The deal promised doesn't actually exist. There's no form of Brexit where we aren't worse off. It's just another breed of unicorn.
ROOT CAUSE OF UKEU EXIT PROBLEMS IS THE CONSERVATIVE PARTY ITSELF? THEY ELECTED MRS TERESA MAY AS THEIR LEADER?BY PRETENDING THE UKEU EXIT DEAL SECURED MY MRS MAY?DOES NOT GO FAR ENOUGH?THEY R BLOCKING UKEU EXIT? R SOME CONSERVATIVES BLOCKING BREXIT 'COS THEY JUST DONT WANT IT?
let's hope so. But I still want to see ritually humiliated for a week or two!
Should be loads of cheap grub on March 30th when they realise things have carried on as usual.
PART 3: A delay in BREXIT Article 50 may be on its way via
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
The much more concerning impact of brexit is long term negative impact on economic growth, not these short term acute issues. Leave campaigns easiest deal in history &amp; they need us more than we need them is being met by reality im afraid.
He's wrong...but I think the consequences of the Brexit vote will not go away either overnight or in the next couple of decades...
Think what a truly progressive party could do with the billions we save by #StopBrexit to right the real wrongs within our society. There is no jobs first #Brexit just a #BrexitShambles . #PeoplesVote
Yellow vest protests in London draw right-wing and left-wing demonstrators
Brexit doesn’t mean putting fingers up to the rest of the world . It means there’s a big world past Europe take for example India
We had a good future before you threatened to remove it.
David #Cameron still running from the mess of Brexit
Plan A should be #WTOBrexit but as soon as this is declared #parliament will insist #Brexit is stopped!
told you. Proper Brexit manager. "Right listen, none of that tikky tikka shit round 'ere. Pump up to the big man and I want you all to get round 'im. The pitch ain't great so keep it off the ground"
Honestly, hand on heart, guard down. Do you know any racists who are against Brexit?
Yes, you have, . You have let us down. But admiting you've made a mistake is the first step to correcting it. Will you support a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit?
Interesting that Sky news presenter Johnathon Samuels can't seem to understand that there is an appetite for a general election. Every guest he interviews on Brexit, he suggests no one wants it...and gets told otherwise. Keep trying someone might agree with you.
Plans for the Commons to set the business of the house instead of the Government.
Since #brexit or #remain will define the fate of the country for, and by, generations it's incumbent upon Labour to clearly define it's position on it. I don't know what 'renegotiation' is or whether it be desirable or possible.
How do any of those things directly impact your life and how will Brexit improve that? You can’t answer the question can you...
Only decent thing he’s ever come out with Brexit means brexit
"Well there you go." How in God's name did we end up with this endless line of shysters and shoulder shruggers? We need an overhaul of the civil service, and political party recruitment and selection process and we need it quick.
What a complete fucking tosser.!
Ian Herbert, CEO of : "the UK needs to once again become the independent, entrepreneurial trading nation that 17.4 million people voted to see"
And what does no brexit actually look like? Has that been defined by anybody, either politically or economically?
A lot has changed since 2016 and Brexit has turned into a national embarrassment. please support giving the people the #FinalSay on Brexit, including the option to remain.
Government plotting against democracy.
Jamie as someone who really admires you for your football and your expertise on Brexit, you should really stay out of this one. You are not qualified on the subject, and have no right to use your public profile to promote your views on the subject.
Brexit: Lord Lawson slams Grieve over no-deal fear mongering AND LISTEN...RT RT RT
The latest "How to Deal with Life Changes" Thanks to #bigdata #brexit
This is the level of ignorance in the debate...
Jamie as someone who really admires you for your football and your expertise on Brexit, you should really stay out of this one. You are not qualified on the subject, and have no right to use your public profile to promote your views on the subject.
To me it sounds like a smear campaign against Alex . Very convenient in regards to timing how all this came about. #SNP #marr #Brexit
Excellent speech by highlighting how has been 'pivotal in cross party working' on #brexit
Don’t make Laura hungry. You wouldn’t like her when she is hungry. Last time she got hungry she ate a dozen ordinary decent people who believe in democracy.
The UK's lack of a written constitution is almost unique. Saudi Arabia is a close comparator (there Islam substitutes for 'conventions'). Germany's postwar constitution effectively prevents referenda--having had some experience of their attractiveness to far-right populists.
"Re-tweets are not endorsements". Especially when its Guido's sister site The Red Whore.
The pro Brexit people are left only with the threat that halting their idiotic plan would be disastrous. Brexit would be disastrous. It would hamstring the economy going forward, and isn't going to deliver any of the promised benefits. It was a scam, and guess who benefits..
A tremendous comment piece, which many in my adopted (southern) city might wish to digest...
And even with all the mood in favour of leave it was still only 52/48 so just imagine a level playing field #Brexit
Why when I’m pissed do I always talk about Brexit... have a day off
You would think May was trying to frustrate Brexit and parliament was asserting its authority to implement the 2016 People's Vote. How deluded you are to think this is anything but the Westminster bubble knowing what is best for the ignorant masses.
its the thought that counts
What version of brexit did you vote for?
Good piece on poverty, inequality + Brexit. “It is important to remember that the dangers of no deal are not just those of short-term disruption, but this is also the worst long-term outcome for the UK economy, as every credible analysis demonstrates.”
Sit back and hope the Tories deliver Brexit for him and that enough Remainers don't hold Labour culpable for the results.
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal what an unsettled time we are living in.
You are making an unwarranted assumption that those who abstain from voting would be considered. If remain won, it would be spun as the people changing their minds and that the abstainers were "apathetic" or "fed up with Brexit". It would not help the Brexit cause.
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair … via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #London #RealEstate
Absolutely....he’s either full of well founded confidence or full of shit - given all that we can now see, I sadly conclude it’s the latter. I’m afraid it won’t matter one iota what DD wants, the establishment/money want to stop Brexit and they do tend to get what they want.
Tell him: in the airline world, summer starts on the last Sunday in March (31st this year) In a no-deal Brexit, flights to each EU country will be capped at summer 2018 levels. As BA capacity to Cyprus is flat in 2019, there is every likelihood your flight will go ahead as booked
PLEASE RT. People were fed up with self-serving politicians &amp; the parliamentary process before Brexit. Now that feeling is turning into something more &amp; that energy is likely to be exploited by extremists of right &amp; left. Our only hope lies in better representation soon. #LIBERTY
327452. THREE HUNDRED &amp;TWENTY SEVEN THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTY TWO SIGNATURES for a CLEAN,PAYMENT FREE, "NO DEAL" BREXIT...... Petition: Leave the EU without a deal in March 2019.
Stalling or stopping Brexit will likely trigger a vicious backlash from the far right. The problem is that the suffering caused by a no-deal Brexit will also fuel the far right. They will attribute the economic collapse to foreigners, immigrants, globalists, elites - not Brexit.
Look at our country... More divided than ever before. What A shambles that has been unleashed by #brexit. This person needs to face the wrath of Twitter; Be exposed, named and shamed. this intolerable behaviour should not be allowed to exist unchecked.
So many unkind and impolite words come to mind. Idiot just doesn't do it.
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Brits should go ahead and Brexit. The EU is Greater Germany 2.0, Hitler’s dream without the crazy Austrian corporal.
Anyone ever notice how much the U.S. seems to have a love/hate relationship with the U.k., particularly England and her royalty? I've always found it ironic, particularly with how we view France. #France #England #USA #Brexit #RepublicanShutdown #TrumpShutdown
#PeoplesVote presented as a “breach of trust”. Lies and illegal funding skewed referendum, so #Brexit’s underpinned by a breach of trust. Why will no party leader recognise that simple truth and redress the wrong? #BrexitChaos
No deal Brexit ONLY way to TAKE BACK CONTROL of UK borders, warns IDS
Dear God - he didn't know that? And he wants to negotiate a "better Brexit"? What must EU think of the clowns we put forward as political representatives.
You make it up as you go along. Fake news
It’ll keep you in work.
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
The people should get the get the chance to vote again, now that they know what a complete cats arse The government has made of Brexit
I just wish labour would get a good leader.......
Whatever happens, I am not returning back to the #UK post #Brexit it will be a backward, insular, xenophobic and poor island just off the coast of the most powerful trading block in the world. #fuckmay #BollockstoBrexit #StopBrexit #BrexitIsPersonal #peoplesvote #EU
Corbyn is just as much of a fully paid up member of the brexiteer fantasy club as the hard right. JRM, Boris, IDS and the rest are just as likely to spout complete nonsense about unicorns - what has Britain done to deserve its politicians? #brexit #corbyn #brexiteers #nonsense
What Brexit unleashed. What Centrists try to accommodate with
Yep. Guy has been relevant in football for years
How’s the missing ferries going Steve? I’ve got a dinghy you can borrow. Is this your brighter future!
Could it be that decades of continuously underestimating the EU has left the Brexit elite unprepared for the negotiations they proclaimed to be “the easiest in human history”? In Britain and elsewhere, the idea that the EU is a project of, by and for numpties is a serious mistake
Now this is Frightening, every labour government in the Uk has always lead to disaster. Please don’t risk it
Oh, and I'm not sure if you noticed this, but the deal isn't up for renegoiation. So it's this Brexit or no Brexit. And Jeremy wants Brexit so badly, it hurts.
Greetings from the Isle of Lewis, the most western European part of Scotland (Fuck Brexit). Its blowing a gale here and I don't know how to tell Mark how amazing the 3 radio sessions he did last October are. Why is modern life so fucking difficult to communicate?
May rolls it in sequins, JC tools it in glitter but no matter how Brexit is dressed i smell shite.
Neil warnock for pm!!!
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Agreed. Brexit is a binary choice. If people are so wedded to No Deal. Let's see it.
Wow. So much truth in one go. Feels almost quaint
Wollaston you are a traitor. The country are sick of seeing you every day on tv spouting your pro EU bullshit! Resign now!
Yet all those Clebs &amp; singers that shout remain are Ok to have an opinion??? But a someone connected with football &amp; for #Brexit is a f*cking disgrace FFS, grow up
It doesn't. We democratically give it that authority just like we give our government, who appoint our unelected judges. Just because it is supra-national doesn't make it invalid or undemocratic, especially if we have a say in it! Which we won't after Brexit.
If brexit doesn’t happen, I’ll never vote again!
Disgusting little men
I am so looking forward to your reply humiliation.
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair via #sks8 #realestate #london
Laura is fat and hates herself for it,Laura should jump back in the sea
Motion of no confidence will be tabled 'soon', says Corbyn - live
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair … via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #London #RealEstate
The Funniest Anti-Brexit Protest Signs
Exactly
Interesting take. #brexit #spin
I want to know "Why the Labour opposition has not raised the Vote_Leave Criminal Conspiracy over the pats 10 months This would have brought down the Tory Govt. Was it because it would have also ended Brexit. Lets see 10 or so Senior Tory MPs in the Dock Law and Justice 1st
'It's going to be soon, don't worry': Jeremy Corbyn hints he could launch bid to oust May THIS WEEK as he demands a general election to resolve Brexit crisis STARMER WILL OUST CORBYN
Were 7th now &amp; still dropping. Thanks Brexit. We have a severe brain drain as our talent is leaving because of the hostile environment. In the EU - the worlds most powerful trading block - we have 17% vote out of 28 countries. We are rule makers. 98% we voted in favour.
Man who has no chance of ever getting into Europe is strongly in favour of getting out of Europe
Bless your still using that phrase to deflect from how utterly stupid Brexit and those who still want it are. Roll on March. Leave scum will be crying whatever the outcome.
I would like each and every politician to have a go at negotiating a #Brexit deal, so that the next time the question of #EU comes along, the country and its politicians will have different points of reference. I think we need a temp cross Brexit negotiating committee. #Marr
I thought it was one of the Brexit protestors
The EU, and dastardly Remainiacs - if only we'd cooperated, we'd have a real Brexit and everybody would be getting a personalised fluffy unicorn.
Unfortunately, nothing represents the current Brexit situation better than Neil Warnock. If ever there was a reason not to go down the Brexit route, it's got to be this.
We're looking for a Brexit Programme Support Officer to join the Welsh team Find out more here:
I doubt our Politicians are capable. They were given this message is 2010 (coalition Govm't), in 2017 (May's failed election), and of course the 2016 #Brexit vote. And they've ignored the main causes all the way through!
I suspect he’s erecting scaffolding and about to surprise us all
I usually am. I agree with Nawaz on his Islam reform stance. But this brexit stuff is fantasy politics.
One of the chief architects of May's fake backstop trap deal is exposed here. It seems these elites that are using every trick in the book to cheat the 17.4 million majority out of #Brexit can also cheat the tax system. Hypocrites all!!!
If there are enough Brexit supporting voters who are nonetheless tribally attached to Labour, the justification for Labour to support Brexit vanishes. /1
School boy faux pas by Jeremy Corbyn, Patron Saint of the working class. But then facts &amp; veracity were never strong suits of the working class. Concoct up sophistry a la potholes on the M4 are due to too many migrant cars etc &amp; boom the jackpot! Utterly unconscionable ignorance!
You would think after all this time, the leader of the opposition might have a grasp of the subject. But not this idiot.
The only real ‘Brexit dividend’ comes from not leaving #AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin
I'm Professional #WebDeveloper.I have a lot of experience WP theme customization #WebsiteDesign and very good #professionaldevelopment website will create little time done. It will good quality perfect #Website make. Check out My Gigs on Fiverr
. Manager really values his players from "the rest of the world"!
#StopBrexit You not allowed to brexit to European Union
Lib Dems supported cross party collaborations in the last elections. In Brighton we didn't stand a candidate in Pavilion, but it did harm our profile. I also wonder how Labour voters feel now as Corbyn confirmed he will go through with Brexit in any event, must be disappointing.
clarification on party stance on #Brexit is needed b4 another #GeneralElection that's how we are in this mess!! #PeoplesVote #LEXIT
In other words, as big a fudge as May is trying to get us to accept. Neither Labour nor the Tories have no sensible clue between them.
He can't answer. He's on the horns of a dilemma, just like the Tories. He personally wants Brexit, but his MPs and members want to Remain. Unfortunately, most actual Labour constituencies also voted for Brexit. It's a 'lose/lose' situation so he stays non-commital.
Wow. Maybe the most level headed person I’ve ever heard speaking regarding the referendum and Brexit. Worth a follow.
say he will get us a have your cake and eat it brexit. its a step up from the magic money tree. sad thing is a lot of his remainer supporters are still in denial about him supporting brexit. why would a change of gov make any difference to what the EU are offering
Only ' undeliverable' because our politicians are incompetent.
80% of young voters that have joined the electoral roll in the past two years support Remaining in the EU. Why would they now, or in the future vote, for any Party, Labour or Tory, determined to blight their future prospects for the sake of a fascist minority threatening a riot?
Possibly the most confused of all the #Brexit positions
I dunno about that, Sterling regularly being targeted by certain newspapers, fans caught on camera being racists &amp; then there’s the whole brexit debacle. It’s everywhere here too so Koulibaly wouldn’t be escaping ‘racists hell’ by coming to England
What version of brexit did you vote for?
MPs must take control of the House of Commons and ensure that a no-deal Brexit is avoided, the SNP's Westminster leader has said
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit: -
Yes! I don’t care about trade and the possible financial implications of Brexit. The ONLY thing that matters is sovereignty. The main thing for the future is that we retain our sovereignty and DO NOT become part of a fascist EU Superstate run by corrupt non-elected Eurocrats!
| Neil Warnock on Brexit: 'I can't wait to get out. To hell with the rest of the world'
Keep boycotting it!
Things that are alleged to exist but don't My positive bank balance A #brexit dividend The idea that isn't cute as hell A combined number of brain cells in cabinet that reaches as high as double figures.
They are unlikely to get either a General Election or their cake and eat it + renegotiated Brexit
Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve via
Brexit and the U.S. shutdown: 2 governments paralyzed, 2 populist projects stalled, 2 venerable democracies in crisis. So, having an inadequate border and unelected bureaucrats controlling the populous is good for democracy? GTFOH NYT
Why would I care what a German thinks about Brexit?
Can't be there unfortunately, please please can lots of you make up for our absence.
Voting something that would in turn damage sco if it got into leadership again in Scotland. Snp green plaid will help corbyn to get in by lending votes or loose coalition folk who want to remain in EU know this is the only way to stop brexit or very least minimise damage
#Tory #Labour to hell with Scots #fukem we'll steal their resources. #Brexit #DissolveTheUnion #Indyref2
He’s not exactly top-drawer as a footie manager, either
All backed by Russia.. putin's dream DECIMATE the enemies.. and make it look like suicide!!!
The farmers and other big corporations have exploited cheap foreign labour! Brexit =more work and better wages for British workers as it should be! They’ve exploited their employees for too long!!
Have to agree with this... this is one of the route causes of all this flustration.
Elite architects of Brexit are safe, far behind the front line via #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances ]]
The fact that the majority of MP's are trying to overturn #Brexit is NOT a sign that #Leavers are wrong. It's a sign that leavers are RIGHT. Think about it. #TheEU are #Globalists Don't be a #UsefuIdiot. #WakeUp to the #Corruption #NazisMk2 #EuArmy #ConquerEurope #Remainers #FBPE
The problem is the referendum did not give Parliament a way forward. It gave it the equivalent of an instruction to buy a takeaway without specifying whether it meant Chinese, Indian, fish &amp; chips or a pizza. There never was a majority for any specific kind of Brexit.
Stop
He wants to crawl in via the back door alley left ajar by the shitty Tory’s to becoming PM
Dominic Raab said 'loyalty does not pay' and people reacted exactly how you would expect
I get what Warnock loves a deflective, post match press conference after certain games... but surely he should’ve realised that Brexit was a topic he should steer very well clear of
Another dickhead to add to the list. Leave means leave with no deal.
&amp;#039;Leave or Remain?&amp;#039; Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question, #news #rt ,
Wonderfully funny. Since Corbyn ONLY WANTS BREXIT; and at least 30% of possible Tory leaders ALSO want BREXIT.
Don't blame Brexit, blame poor parenting and the failure of the state education system
Just seen Corbyn's interview on #Marr. Respectable if it was an interview with a Brexit-delivering PM a year or two ago. Clear on rights and negotiation aims. Less respectable for an opposition leader two months from a cliff edge who refuses to push for Article 50 to be revoked.
Indeed. The way to end this anger is called Brexit. Welcome aboard?
So hard to decide that but I am leaning towards no... and giving my vote to either or
Hey! want this?
Worrying...
I concur completely The deal tabled by May is a disgusting surrender
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan | Politics | The Guardian
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Post brexit he's worth nearer £30m
That statement sir is both arrogant &amp; inaccurate. As someone who has predominantly voted labour &amp; is not ashamed to say voted for Brexit, the attitude of many (but not all) on the Remain side is allowing the far right in the UK to gain an unwelcome foothold. Respect democracy.
My Brexit vote was based on years of fighting for more democracy and to rid ourselves of malicious and mendacious corporate interference. When I see how many of our elected officials are out and out liars like Grieve, regardless of party, I realise how big the battle has become
Stopping Brexit would only make it worse. It would show the establishment denying the people their voice and act as fuel for the far right
BREXIT - Speaker John Bercow's Eurosceptic youth recalled by Sir Mike Pe... via
do yourself a favour #LISTEN!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Question: If #brexit doesn't happen on 29th March and Scotland then unilaterally declares independence. Would the EU allow Scotland to stay as a EU member and negotiate the terms of membership?
Brexit, Keeping the Tory benefit cuts while giving free tuition fees to middle classes. Now shove off
sooooo.... you avoid paying tax.... you disgusting little man
There should only be one vote now as we already voted brexit, the vote should be out with mays deal or out with no deal.
So you support intimidation. Sorry. I think that's a disgrace. what a shame so many #Brexit-ers endorse threats of violence. It has no place in our democracy. Goodbye
I wish I could. Anyone who can, please attend
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote: -
Consider. How many Labour voters are so strongly in favour of Brexit that they would vote for the Tories for it? Conversely, how many Labour voters who are strongly in favour of Brexit will nevertheless vote Labour over the Tories even if Labour came out for remain? /2
Constitutionally ill-regulated referendums can release a #Pandora's box of issues ... and as with that box's emissions, only capricious hope is left behind #brexit
"Home. One small word. Yet for EU nationals like me, its absence can leave us broken and directionless." Our In Limbo book of Brexit testimonies from EU citizens in the UK was based on these two major concepts of home and identity. Without them we vanish. #InLimbo
Neil Warnock being hard brexit is the least surprising football news in forever
Get Idles on the Brits! Their scabrous anti-Brexit punk anthems getting an airing there are exactly what this dumpster fire of a country needs right now.
Another Brexit opportunity to renegotiate our own great Brexit deals sails away. Join with me in another chorus of; Rule Cyprus, Cypriots rules the Waves!
Absolutely no sign of this happening - more likely we'll get No Deal Brexit and/or a Corbyn Govt. Both these disasters would be down to those who chose to 'stay &amp; fight' rather than abandon Corbyn's Labour.
Things have changed, however, obviously many of those older generations are still around and Trump and Brexit has given them platforms.
Blackmail Brexit or bust
finally the man talks sense
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten ???
You didnt feel that way when it was happening to you Nigel
lmaoo if warnock aint pro brexit then who isnt going to be?
On an Anglesey beach today, having a meaningful walk ahead of the Brexit #MeaningfulVote in next week
She doesn’t speak for me #SorryNotSorry #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Today's Sunday Times headline 'A Very British Coup' is basically right. If MPs now block Brexit in defiance of their own 2017 electoral promises, they will eviscerate their own democratic authority. The true cliff edge is no Brexit.
Where are you now on #brexit
HAS torpedoed 'that assumption' that the executive can DICTATE Commons business so as to avoid ANY challenge to their precious #Brexit!
So for folk who don’t want to leave Europe (majority of Scotland) both parties in England support leaving. Feel sorry for all the English who want to remain.
If anyone wants to point fingers, conduct valuable journalism and clean up the game investigating the ethical conduct of football's leaders I suggest they start here.
It's what happens when both sides are simply acting out a play hoping to con a guilible audience. There were NO Brexit negotiations but there were War Gaming Exercises to Keep the UK in the EU in which UK Goverment colluded with the Dictatorship to Kill off Democracy Europe wide.
Lady on my train just said she “can’t be arsed for the brexit second referendum on Tuesday.” Same hun
True that. Right now we've got Brexit looming because the Tories + Labour think the dead party UKIP will steal all their votes.
I must say this 20 times a day. Doesn't matter who's in office, they dont care what you feeders want/vote for. Your only there to pay tax so they can draw a wage. They've all shown there true colours over Brexit. None of them can be trusted. We need to a re-set. New parties.
Must bin Corbyn quickly and get a sensible leader for Labour who will work for the country, not for his or her own fantasies and vanity projects.
Uhh we HAD certainty within the EU. Do the Welsh lamb farmers feel a lot of certainty when they can’t export their lamb because of WTO terms!
Another fine example of why “the will of the people” is not a good enough reason to inflict this on us. “The People” didn’t understand the scope of what they were being asked. Christ, neither did the idiots doing the asking!
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten ???
Yes you mate. You let us down. You lied about following the many and not the few. You lied by accepting a criminal conspiracy over Brexit instead of Remain. There's nothing govt about an ideologue who sells out the workers. You're a traitor to the working class. To the UK.
Corbyn AGAIN demonstrating his ignorance on European affairs. God help us all.
Brexit: Lord Lawson slams Grieve over no-deal fear mongering
We must go for a #PeoplesVote first. I am not at all sure that Corbyn' s Labour can secure a victory. Chances are we will get a harder right Conservative Party backing a hard/no deal Brexit. And even if Corbyn gets in, he will return to form. #DontBrexitFixIt
Gerrrrinnn warnock lad brexit mean brexit so get over it we voted out so get us out dunno why people complain they got out voted
#neilwarnock is the definition of “brexit means brexit” #Brexit
He ain't wrong #Brexit
2/ 2 scenarios A) Conservative pollsters find Labour wins - if it supports People's Vote: do they give pro-Brexiters idea that People's Vote is not necessary? B) In 2016 did YouGov offer incorrect poll free to Sky &amp; sell correct data to hedge fund @ £1m?
Greg Clark is wrong. May’s Brexit deal sacrifices the national interest to try and keep the fractured Tory Party together. No one voted to make the country poorer, weaker and subject to rules we can no longer influence. Parliament must vote it down
This is why Brexiteers want Brexit so they can feel free to exhibit their racism without consequence
The idea that ‘things cannot get worse’ is an obvious fallacy, as shown by Brexit
And TM is still trying to find a constitutional crisis in Parliament making its voice heard over Brexit.
I don't agree with Paul. Despite numerous questions and opportunities I am still no clearer on what Labour would actually do about Brexit if in power. Opposition has opinions Government has choices
Some of the same reasons - people have been ignored, left behind and mistreated by the Westminster bubble and demand change. #Brexit also has flag-bothering Express readers, Empire nostalgists and the like in its coalition, not known to be Corbyn fans.
War &amp; P*ss for remoanimaniac Brexitophobic sufferers. If sane - avoid.
Stop this nonsense
Well done Vince looking at the opposition you could end as PM #PeoplesVote #RevokeArticle50 #Marr
Dominic Raab said 'loyalty does not pay' and people reacted exactly how you would expect
Communist, terrorist supporter talking drivel as usual
#Brexit #BBCPolitics #Guardian #Channel4News #Economist ' Mr Lammy, You claim Rod Liddle is a national disgrace for saying "half of black children do not live with their father. And we wonder why they’re dying". Remember this BBC comment-&gt; Oh &amp; your lack of research (again)-&gt;
I don't really mind about the 80's stylings, the US setting in the UK is uncomfortable though. On one hand I think 'just suspend reality, it's a stylistic thing', but on the other my inner Brexit da says 'if you're making UK content, Netflix, be true to the UK'.
She's right there!! #Brexit no deal, no money, no problem, simple. #CONSERVATIVES must deliver on their promises or face extinction.
Yesterday I did an accidental thread on how UK #Brexit talking points around Ireland have a long, long history their promoters seemed to not know about. Ireland, of course, has never knowingly thrown away a receipt re England. I used Punch cartoons- a lot of them.
No thank you Mrs May.
When you plead for a deal, doesn't that mean its a load of nonsense? A bit desperate dont you think? BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
They need to play this every hour, every night, on every channel until this Brexit shitstorm is over or the oceans rise and cover us all.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Also, how many Labour voters who are strongly in favour of remain would stay home and not bother to vote if Labour officially support Brexit? I do hope this sort of thinking is happening in the Labour party. It is needed. I am not seeing any evidence of it. /2
Oh please. If May wanted assurance against the back-stop she simply wouldn’t have agreed to a backstop in the first place. Smoke and mirrors. This deal isn’t Brexit.
They’ll ignore that, because they don’t like it, like they have the Ref vote and also the fact that 83% of the population voted for Brexit supporting manifestos in 2017. There’s no point in another #PeoplesVote Because it’s a filthy, rotten to core EU cabal &amp; Establishment fix.
Fuck off Jeremy - you’re hanging by a thread with your own people, like Brexit is that you want so much. Stop fannying about and approve a People’s Vote or get out.
And how do you know what people think about the Irish backstop? About a no deal Brexit? About £39bn exit fee? We haven’t asked them have we? That’s why we need a people’s vote.
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
Simply fantastic argument and insight into the vote. I moved to London from Stoke 15 years ago and was staggered at how disconnected I felt in London from the feeling around the rest of the UK. I fear the irony is that Brexit will hit the north the hardest and London the least…
I don’t mind if my passport is red, blue, pink or whatever. The cosmetics are irrelevant to me but appear to be iconic to some people in favour of Brexit. I do care about the negative impact on business, tourism and more and I’ve yet to see any plausible benefits.
In my long life I have never known such arrogance &amp; contempt for the U.K. Electorate. Parliament neglected its responsibility &amp; gave us the referendum. They received an answer they did not like. They now plan to steel my vote &amp; turn democracy on its head. Shameful and dangerous.
Brexit or No Brexit? One thing is for sure, the GDPR is here to stay.......55% of Businesses still fail to comply! We provide a full comprehensive affordable bespoke review of any business! Find us at
A no deal Brexit would also lead to mass civil unrest when the economy crashes and a further round of austerity follows. There will be riots either way. It will just be different people doing the rioting
becoming? it's always been there Andrew. You only need to listen to Derek Skinner and Arthur Scargill to realize Brexit is not a Left/ Right argument as portrayed by msm.
Post #Brexit and after closer integration with our European allies a whole tier of British politics could be scrapped. I favour scrapping the expensive hateful Westminster and keeping our local councils and funding them properly from the savings made shutting down parliement
That'll be interesting. Where is all the land for this? (One way: stop dairy farming and free up land +++ for plant -based diet: but I doubt you've event thought about it). Hopefully, Brexit'll be cancelled anyway.
I really want to see our country be prosperous after the deadline and will do all I can to help that but the change needs to come top down, not bottom up... #Brexit #politics #Referendum
We had a peoples vote we voted to leave and I certainly would not take advice from a man that spat on a child's face the disgusting pig
"The will of the people" NOBODY REALLY WANTED BREXIT IN THE FIRST PLACE AND THOSE WHO DID HAVE CHANGED THEIR MINDS SINCE THE (ILLEGALLY CAMPAIGNED) REFURENDUM WAKE UP AND LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE AND DO WHAT'S RIGHT FOR THE COUNTRY BC THIS IS BIGGER THAN PETTY PARTY POLITICS :-)
Some good points here about Cardiff manager Colin Wanker (70).
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Corbyn: 'The EU is well known to be flexible'
A major employer is moving out of Plymouth to the EU because of Brexit.
You really can’t talk May’s deal is at best #Brino at worst never ending purgatory. So concentrate on delivering a genuine #Brexit or lose your job Great Yarmouth voted overwhelmingly to Leave.
If any Labour Party member doubted they had elected a leader that supported Brexit they can be under no illusion after the Marr interview. He would end up with May’s deal MK2- Groundhog Day under a Labour Government. Let’s see what happens in parliament.
"It is time to forget the games and do what is right for our country." Says the PM who's had to be forced by the courts to take Brexit legislation through parliament, who's been found in contempt of parliament. Who presides over thousands living rough. Begone you Harridan
But the political landscape has changed. To rigidly stick to dogma is dangerous. There are no credible predictions of a positive Brexit. He right to protect Britain.
Just can’t trust
maybe he should've called for a cross party agreement on brexit, inc. ukip; after all it was a people's vote &amp; they all should've been represented. immigration was only real issue; everything else was suggested by the establishment. tories tried 2 wean uk 2 accept their terms.
I fabricate solid surface worktops for high end kitchens and dentists ect. Our company will do just fine post brexit.
No Brexit is better than both
I could watch this over and over British TV comedy at its best...
What a disgusting bunch of sexist pigs you are ! Completely undermines Brexit and any political point you make !
Not like that particularly vexed them last time! The same PV-commissioned polls that claim that 70+% of members want a second referendum also show more than 50% support Corbyn's brexit strategy. I agree it won't be fun being SLab, but even if they suffer, Corbyn still becomes PM.
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Featuring this beautiful paragraph that made me literally choke with laughter. If Brexit doesn't kill us, David Mitchell's observations on it will.
This is true. Grieve ends with a GE. Tories would lose at least 20 seats and Labour at least 30. A new Brexit party or parties would get these 50+ May will avoid this at all costs including a no deal Brexit. Will Tories vote against the Government to rice an election? Doubtful
Has the BREXIT turn into a Coronation street drama episode?
The referendum vote result should determine the Brexit policy, that is what people are fighting for. The ballet paper said “in” or “out”. It was that simple. It’s the none democratic that’s causing the problems!!
... but I do want to be seen to be ritually humiliated ....also
Why let an actual understanding of things European get in the way of your anti-Europe, pro-brexit ideology, eh?
You're having a laugh here mate. Can you not see what's happening? We're not doing fine at all -This country is in the worst state it's been in for years and that's largely down to this farcical Brexit. We're going straight down the shitter if this carries on
‘’People in Ghana are very worried by the message that tampering with the democratic vote is sending out to despots and corrupt leaders in Africa following our Brexit vote. They do not understand why we have not yet left” Caller from Ghana, Nigel Farage Show, 13th January 2019
These are lies is peddling!
His team plays like a Brexit team.
That is not what he said you did not listen to it all and took snippets of what he said, you totally missed the point that his brexit stance is not or anywhere near what the tories is
Surely this cannot be justified
I'm not voting for Labour whilst Brexit Jez is in charge.
He needs to shut up and stay out of it.
Question Time audience member has gone viral after nailing Theresa May and Brexit
Sat next to a guy doing research on Brexit so things could be worse I guess
'To hell with the rest of the world' Neil Warnock launches passionate Brexit rant and insists it won't affect transfer dealings
If Brexit was a football manager #brexitmeansbrexit
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
I see and trust the second Brexit referendum will be for the remain of UK with the EU and this is what our time and civilization requires,unity is a strength for every thing in life specially the businesses which construct the blood of our lives
Jeremy Corbyn is clearly willing to lose the vote of many young people &amp; #remainers who still believe Labour is a Remain party. On #marr this morning explaining he wants a 'renegotiated' #Brexit deal, not a #Peoplesvote. #unicorns
reuters|May warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal|
"I’m as optimistic about the future today as I was when I campaigned and voted for Leave in 2016." The Conservative Parliamentary candidate says Peterborough's Brexit vote cannot be ignored
reuters|UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit: pro-EU party leader|
The EU has dismissed every single one Corbyn’s ‘negotiation points’ with the EU. I am no fan of so called negotiations but Corbyn has no clue.
More accessible, more affordable and competitively priced - the Brexit Loan scheme is helping SMEs with their Brexit planning. #Brexit
Also, how many Labour voters who are strongly in favour of remain would stay home and not bother to vote if Labour officially support Brexit? I do hope this sort of thinking is happening in the Labour party. It is needed. I am not seeing any evidence of it. /3
This also applies to the opposition leader who is about to call a vote of no confidence and use the result as a mandate to make Labour a Brexit party
Nothing far right about Brexit -those seeing interview fist time will see Femi minder interruption ho orders him like a child to stop because Femi was asked about his funding. That is if Femi hasn't cut it because it exposes him for taking money from organisations funded by Soros
Brexit... oh boy.
Yet stands on a platform with a speaker calling for to shoot herself, as like all far leftists the storm troopers of righteousness who shut down speakers incite violence to prove you’re defenders of democracy/people is true fascism.
Grayling: Blocking Brexit 'would open door to extremist forces'
I think what an #EU country's elite negotiates through Brussels &amp; what large numbers of people in those countries actually think are two different things. Continental Europe doesn't look like a continent united to me. #BrexitChaos #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
Will he call a people's vote and stop supporting brexit? #getyouracttogether
If he does, many Abour voters may abstain or worse....?
Guys guys, hate to butt in but would any of you be up for giving this new podcast a listen? It's a two-parter that aims to try and pin down "Middle England's" views on the big topics: Brexit, immigration, racism and tolerance, drugs.
The winner from #Brexit and the chaotic #Trump presidency is #Russia! The former has led to rising nationalism that has threatened to fracture the #European Union and the latter has expanded #Russian influence in #Europe &amp; the #MiddleEast
Can we be relegated now pls?
The majority of MPs are ignoring 17.4 million people, by trying to block #Brexit. Shame on you &amp; your #Remainiac colleagues.
This is modern art. A club owned by a Malaysian with a team full of various nationalities
That bridge is no longer standing Field Marshall
I've just watched that Colin Wanker Brexit interview.If I was the Cardiff owner I'd be seriously thinking about dismissal.What type of message is that sending to any potential "foreign" signing!
Agreed #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
British Prime Minister Theresa May warned lawmakers on Sunday that failing to deliver Brexit would be catastrophic for democracy, in a plea for support two days before parliament is expected to reject her deal with Brussels. "Ahead of vote, May warns it…
"We voted for a GOOD Brexit. It's undemocratic that we didn't get one" We were negotiating against 27 countries whose combined GDP is 5 times the UK's and whose interests *we chose* to separate from our own. : Democracy is a reality, but reality IS NOT A DEMOCRACY!
At the moment it looks like another Tory Government would be returned, with a renewed Brexit mandate. Great.
He's a walking advert for brexit...people who are a certain age and have false delusions of "empire".... Gammon screams out of him.
This is clearly a sincere offer The wake-up call of #Brexit has already catalysed nascent EU reform Imagine what we could achieve with #RemainAndReform! #ProdigalSon
None of which would change following #Brexit.
Another one debunked yet our government wasted £50k of your money on a wasted test. THE CHIEF of Calais port has passionately quashed fears that a no-deal Brexit would slow traffic at the pivotal crossing point between the UK and France, insisting “there will be no delay"
Not what we voted for and you know it. We leave with no deal as voted for or you are not for filling Brexit. That is all.
I think we all know that feelings play a role in everyone's decisions - and rightly so. But this level of utter delusion and ridiculous romaticisation of what is, at best, an unknown outcome is irresponsible and bullish. And just fucking stupid. There: I sad the 's' word.
In light of the massive political week that lies ahead of us, which smear will be used to distract from the Tories catastrophic handling of brexit?
What happened to “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal?” It’s time for a No Deal. The people voted to #LeaveEU not a deal. Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Portugal to welcome Brits even without Brexit deal
#TheresaMay is right, but her deal doesn't deliver #Brexit so the only option is #NoDeal
independent|Brexit: Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May's deal is voted down, Corbyn signals|
Time for a #PeoplesVote and let the real experts have their say #BrexitShambles
Brexit: Why Britain Left the European Union via
Increasingly little difference between Labour Pro Brexit and antisemitic and the far right Clive - so no moral high ground please #letdownbylabour
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Absolutely, just hoping all this pain suffering is our lot playing a v clever game. Whatever Brexit Get us out 100% No ifs No buts
This is big danger this week. Price of getting a deal over the line with help of Labour and Tory Remainers is a permanent customs union. And price of a permanent customs union as far as EU is concerned is, for reg alignment reasons, no end to freedom of movement=no proper Brexit
It’s a real shame and will be hard because my local MP, Will Quince, does an amazing job. He is supportive of Brexit and someone I see as a rising star in the Tory party.
During his tenure as Brexit Sec Davis misunderstood the EU, their negotiating position, and his own negotiating position. But I’m sure he’ll be absolutely right about this.
reuters|UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'|
Sick of the divisions created by the stupid Brexit vote, both in society &amp; in Labour. There are irritating &amp; dislikable people on all sides of the argument, but 1 thing is clear. NO Labour MP should be voting for May’s deal. Kick it out, kick her out &amp; kick them out!
“For centuries, borders have limited our freedom and dictated our view of the world and we are about to have it all again.” via
reuters|Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit: Brexit minister|
Let's be honest about the two main parties &amp; their leaders when it comes to #Brexit Theresa May - Conservative - Fucking Useless! Jeremy Corbyn - Labour - Fucking Useless! #PeoplesVote
the-guardian-uk|Theresa May: rejecting Brexit deal would be 'unforgivable breach of trust'|
Do it!
Brexit views from Cable, Corbyn and May Streets
How do vegans get so fucking fat?
Brexit was never about working class, poverty or equality, it's an In-House Tory Obession., a right Wing Party game.That's all!
How dare you &amp; your party insult my Intelligence with your 100% self inflicted Brexit debacle. Brexit as sold to UK electorate in 2016 was never attainable as it was based on lies &amp; mistruth. Torys now sounding like the playground bully after they have just been caught. Plan B!?
WTF has this got to do with #BREXIT?
Labour Vows Confidence Vote as May Faces Defeat: Brexit Update
Jaw jaw is better than war war - Churchill I believe. And the EU was firstly a way of making war in Europe impossible in the wake of WW2. However bad the brexit stuff gets, remember that.
Our elected representatives should do their job: #RevokeA50 &amp; rewrite it, properly. THEN #PeoplesVote #FinalSay if we still want to, with an actual, detailed programme behind EACH option on the ballot. #Brexit #StopBrexit #Article50 #Art50
A compromise deal which reflected the narrowness of the result would have been accepted, albeit reluctantly, by many. But the winner takes all approach of May’s red lines has alienated big swathes of voters.
Reaching the bottom now. #Brexit #99Reasons #EU
Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
Niel Warnock #Cardiff just brought #Brexit talk into football. Waiting to hear the view of the Chairman of the club and 10 current players who are foreigners.
How long will it take though? Seriously. I can’t believe the amount that still support him and defend him like Bexiters their brexit - made of the same barf.
Problem of course is that with all the mud and nonsense being slung around, many such people will be convinced for ever that a mythical “good Brexit” was thwarted by remainers.
Jim's a fireman, so the analogy stands. You wouldn't apply the same standards of analysis to your professional life as you would to brexit, would you? Could you enter a burning building trusting in blind faith and optimism? Analogy stands.
Certainty that we're worse off. WTO is run by unelected bureaucrats &amp; any deal takes yrs to complete. Brexit in a nutshell - Uncertainty, loss &amp; having to abide by rules we have no say in. It's a dead duck &amp; you lot quacking isn't making it look any more viable.
This is not a coup. This is Parliament asserting its supremacy over the Government. In other words, the foundational basis for the entire British system of government. #Brexit
The Brexit questions that make your head spin Cut out pics from article
Another dinosaur with a bitter comment. Probably still wakes up in cold sweat thinking about tevez and getting relegated with sheff utd #twat
spot on James never mind the anti Semitism which riddles Labour
And now I have to like a former Liverpool player. Brexit is the apocalypse. Nice one Carra! Top lad!
Would love to see Warnock as PM. He’d have his Cabinet sorted in no time - Paddy Kenny, Michael Tonge, Michael Brown would all be in there
I am all for Brexit but I’m not far right. Femi hasn’t got a clue about Brexit and what he imagines is the far right. He might as well say Remainers are far left for all that he tries to label people.
Particularly odd as when seeking leadership selection with MEPs, he sidestepped questions on the EU by stressing he supported the ECHR.
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
I'm sick of people saying 'respect the referendum'. It was deeply flawed, and it dangerously gives no mandate for any version of #Brexit. The EU won't renegotiate. That's clear. We need to be brave enough to admit this, and by all means go for a GE. But if that fails, what then!?
Looks like the young have been convinced and are now pro-#Brexit
I totally agree. We need to break the shackles of EU rule. I have a question. Why has so little been said from the leave side and so much been said from those wishing to thwart a real Brexit?? It seems that most Brexiteers have been gagged. What's happening really???
How did we get to this state?
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal.
Aha, just seen his brexit comments, cracking entertainment.
"Brexit uncertainty (so far) has reduced investment by 6% and employment by 1.5%, and is likely to reduce future productivity in the UK by half of a percentage point".
Yet 47% of Labour members support the leadership’s stance on Brexit while 29% oppose (in the same poll).
Only just over half (5,500) of ' 11,000 employees are in the UK..... they must be very feckin worried that their Chairman is salivating over a Hard Brexit. Factories in India boys and girls ....
So you voted labour on a Brexit manifesto. Why didn’t you vote unliberal undemocrats on their remain I’m the Eu manifesto? You know Jeremy Corbyn has always been a leaver surely?
independent|New Brexit referendum is most popular path if May’s deal is defeated, poll finds|
Harlow on the news
There is absolutely no reason whatsoever to believe that corbyn has an intention whatsoever of stopping brexit
Brilliant article for A Level #politics students
. is a long-standing Eurosceptic, &amp; I've no doubt would have campaigned for #Leave in the 2016 #Referendum had he not been #Labour Leader. He would campaign for #Brexit in a GE, which means Labour moderates &amp; #Remainers have nowhere to turn but the !
Hilarious and shows the stupidity of current position
those inflated costs could very well be more inflated because of #Brexit if instalment payments are agreed on and the pound goes to shit
Where's your Brexit policy James? You should know, after all it's your party who is allegedly negotiating it. Guessing it has about as much substance as that fake ferry company, the procurement of which will be subject to closer scrutiny. Shut the door on your way out
Sadly typical - British Gvmnt in meltdown - to the rest of the world we look like a flailing, self harming, deranged basket case - the mother of democracies heading for the straight-jacket and chemical cosh!
And, take away all our current opt-outs that we have with our present membership and a #NorwayPlus option would not only cost the UK more but we'd be a rule taker, not a rule maker. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll
Pretty clear that if a Corbyn ‘Manifesto’ supports Brexit then Labour mightn’t achieve a working majority in next general election. What’s more Labour &amp; Tories are heading towards internal schisms that open way for a new political movement, an alliance of values.
You have the moral duty to tell the truth about #brexit. It will weaken the Uk and it won't solve any of our problems #ridge
North East businesses come together for Newcastle protest rally against No Deal Brexit via #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
They should do a soccer aid match with a Brexit and Remain team. I'm sure Warnock could manage a team with Noble, Terry and Joe Cole in...
Because there's more wrong with Britain than Brexit
Beware, remainers are just too bright!
He bloody WON'T call a No Confidence vote because the DUP will scupper it and as for No 10, dream on little lying man!
Sorry but just because the sweeties on offer from Brexit are not ones to your taste doesn’t mean there’s aren’t lots of benefits to a #CleanBreak Brexit instead of the establishment backed Remain!
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair … via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #London #RealEstate
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Brexit the whole British establishment
Ian Herbert, CEO of VistairSystems: "the UK needs to once again become the independent, entrepreneurial trading nation that 17.4 million people voted to see"
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
All this shows is an inferred division over Brexit. It doesn't show the divisions in place for years growing worse and being ignored. You reap what you sow.
better control of what? what has the EU taken from you / put in place that has left you “without control?” the £350 million a week enables us to sell £4.1 billion per day to the EU... if you read the news you’d know there is no brexit dividend to “spend on our nhs”, we’re fucked
No deal Brexit is better than a bad deal.
I never thought as such but you made a good valid point it is more like a Cult and indeed The Brexit Cult . This people should be in shame for wishing chaos to their own country
TL/DR, Brexit supporters had it all in June 2016. A clear run if they would have grasped it. They are responsible for both the near breakdown of government, but also the imminent second referendum.
Do you not think that it's going to be pretty difficult to do with Brexit? We need to decide what framework, what future we want as a society first.
Someone speaking sense amongst the BREXIT scaremongering
Pull the other one! There wasn't a Plan A so how could there ever have been a Plan B?
The people wanted it if the gov. Don’t deliver O man!!
Unfortunately our parliament will prevent an 11th hour deal as the EU believe they can hold out for a revoking or extension of A50 leading to no Brexit. May caved to just get any deal.
Corbyn on #marr: “People have a right to decide on what principles Brexit is negotiated.” Corbyn is the only leader we have who is guided by principle, not personal or party ambition. #JC4PM #PVNoGEYes #SocialistSunday
Brexit: The Movie
BDL, yellow jacket brexit fella all in one. Omg look at the state of this pleb.
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan
...says UKs Chief Brexit negotiator who couldnt negotiate a deal then quit blaming everyone else. Says man who said CEOs of bmw etc will demand a deal from Merkel in minutes...maybe just quit DD...again.
Brexit: SNP will seek to revoke Article 50 after deal is defeated
Who’d of thought Colin was a Brexiteer? I’m shocked
Corbyn is taking Bo Jo and other Brexiteers’ position in Brexit issue. All the Brexit unicorns are now Corbyn’s. Corbyn is also using Steve Barclays’ disgraceful theory of far right threats to justify those ‘long ignored’ doing damages to the whole country.
Brendan, you are a legend.
Brexit is a tory idea, tory driven, being pushed by the tory press, being implemented by a tory government.
You might be totally wrong on this one Beth. He will want a crack at the negotiations and then put offer in a referendum. I think that will be the platform he’ll use in a GE campaign
Could Theresa May's Brexit plan B be to do a Cameron: summon the press to Downing Street, quit, then stroll off into Number 10 whistling? That would go a long way towards explaining why not a word of it has leaked, despite plentiful leaks on all other aspects of Brexit.
All this ‘breach of trust’ stuff now corners all current and future politicians to deliver *all* the promises made to make people vote for Brexit and all current and future manifestos at general elections.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit: British Prime…
Who else is excited about Tuesdays vote in the House Of Commons? The fall off the government is awesome. #brexit #anarchy
Surveys have shown there currently isn't the appetite for an indyref2, if Brexit does not occur there will be no change, the status quo will kill any momentum for the second Scottish referendum.
Chilling analysis and honesty from Lord Hennessy on about the sheer unpredictable outcome of this week’s politics #brexit #democracy
Make them watch Reservoir Dogs!
Corbyn: vote for me. I have a table with lots of things on it. Once I’m in charge, I will pick one and everything will be fine. #marr #brexit
‘Before Brexit a striking number of foreigners had a benign view of Britain (as)... conservative and sensible ... view ... shattered by Brexit. Foreigners increasingly talk about Britain in the way they would talk about an admired relative who has gone stark raving bonkers.’
So sick of this whole #brexit dialogue from Theresa May. If you married someone thinking this is going to be the best thing ever, then 2 years later realised it's the worst mistake ever, you wouldn't be told to stay because it would be a disaster for the union of marriage. Idiots
Also I’m talking about the state of our country now. Forget Brexit. Look at the rising levels of homelessness, rise in child poverty, the state of the NHS etc etc and so forth. All unaffected by Brexit. What are the Tories doing about that? Labour much better.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
But were they watching Brexit?
We have had Brexit and Trump but now Strava is down on a Sunday. End of days stuff. #Strava
no one pushed any to vote for Brexit, you exhibit a childish desperation for everyone who voted leave to have been deluded or racist, they are not, they are 17.5 million free thinking people who made choice on facts not remain lies that you deal in because you want Federal EU
This photo represents WTO trading...our economy won’t take off much or get far! Brexit fantasies should be reclassified as a medical psychotic disorder..because it nuts!
Seems like leavemeansleave are bigger #liarliar -s than the Maybot. Who knew! Hence why we have launched the #brexit petition to keep #permanentEUcitizenship and retain ALL of our existing rights.
Brexit isn't going to go away. The #Gatwick #Heathrow #remainerdrones would pale in comparison if we don't. Strange how the military/police/specialists couldn't find a single drone operator. Watch out for more disruption after speeches or events connected to Brexit.#remaindrone
beware. #TheresaMay and the #Brexit fanatics are likely to get very dirty indeed over the next few days. Important that they are held to account at the end of this. #StopBrexit
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit - BBC Sport
Brexit amendment to put Warnock in charge of “making them realise they need us more”??
“The problem for Hannan and other prominent Brexit proponents is that even their own numbers don’t add up. Asked to assess the impact of Brexit, the government reported back that Britain would be worse off after any outcome compared with remaining in the EU.” #Brexit #Brexitfail
The utter stupidity of , a man who despite all the evidence is still prepared to believe 's lies about a Brexit dividend and props up her abusive self-serving government while stabbing his own leader in the back Deselect him now !
Is Mrs May plotting a return to full EU membership? Aligning with EU rules &amp; extendable transition period keeps the door open for rejoining. Is this what Mrs May always intended? A grand design for us not to leave EU? It does explain a lot! #Brexit #EU
what no one is discussing is why 17.4 million votes for brexit! It’s because they are all fed up with the numbers of migrants coming to the UK that’s undeniable yet MSM. Ignore this crucial fact. If the govt looked at this many may change their minds? Maajid?
So we now know Neil Warnock is a Brexiteer. Doubt that will come as much of a surprise to anyone.
Exactly. Brexit is anti everything. The last few weeks of Brexiteers abusing women, calling people Nazis and now this dumb ass saying "fuck the world" shows the hateful bike of the majority of leavers.
Only reaffirms the existing hatred I have for the increasingly deluded and ignorant Warnock
calls #Brexit voters "idiots" and "coffin dodgers". Pesky old people keeping the youth of today down.
MAN ACCUSED OF HARASSING AN OLD DRUNK - Brexit campaigner James Goddard released on bail after arrest over incident with Anna Soubry MP
Why does everyone think this is an anti-Brexit tweet ffs... It's clearly about Warnock saying 'To hell with the rest of the world', while being in an internationally-funded club. I'm pretty sure Kaveh knows Malaysia and Argentina aren't in the EU, we don't need yer da to tell him
This is the epitome of “Yer da” to the highest calibre #TouchLineFracas
The most comprehensive skewering I've seen since [insert as appropriate].
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
The laws already exist to protect the borders and the people from economically draining immigration, you just choose not to immpliment them.
Can someone send these photos to Corbyn? He is about to change Labour into a Brexit party through the noconfidence vote. He only recognises the referendum result
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan
I always enjoy watching this video, stuck to the issue &amp; policy while Reactionary Queen Katie just wanted to discuss some imaginary feelings. And when she tried to derail him by mentioning his private school education, he didn’t take the bait. All this on her turf.
They do. Also,do you think for a second if we had negative growth the first quarter after Brexit we would be talking about anything else?
They better be careful what they wish for #YellowVestsUK
I'm still tackling the fact that the "Should the UK remain in the EU or leave the EU" turned into May's red lines. It would have made more sense to have a following vote on the modality of Brexit. With questions like...
No absolutely not and I would not vote for the terrible deal. I want freedom from EU, a no deal, WTO exit on 29/03. My point is that whilst she is negotiating as our (however badly) it is disloyal to say the least for Grieve to have talks with Barnier to stop Brexit.
Tweaks won't cover it, the EU runs on threats, punishment and masochism, they must go out of their way to punish us because it's the only tool they have to hold the EU together, it's not bound together with fraternity or reason, therefore there are no real negotiations possible.
Rebel MPs 'plot coup to seize control of Brexit and sideline May' - Evening Standard
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Hopkins just like all the other Brexit tossers. When pushed for fact they just come back with platitudinous words.
It’s what I believe, just in the same way many Brexit voters believe Rees-Mogg, Farage, BoJo, redwood &amp; Cummings etc a bunch of public schoolboys, have the best interests of ordinary folk at the epicentre of everything they do. Time will prove one of us right!
To be honest the conservative party has made such a mess of this whole thing that it is pitiful. The party is currently unfit to govern and should be removed Physically if need be. The whole lib lab con cooperative is a tired old knackered out corrupt and destructive nonsense.
Protesters march ahead of voting on Brexit deal in UK Parliament
We are leaving. The problem is those who campaigned for Brexit are those most fiercely opposed to May's deal. Not because it's not Brexit, but because to support this compromise would be to admit they lied. No number of exclamation marks changes that reality.
We are leaving. The problem is those who campaigned for Brexit are those most fiercely opposed to May's deal. Not because it's not Brexit, but because to support this compromise would be to admit they lied. No number of exclamation marks changes that reality.
brexit is already the walking dead. Kept going by intimidation and lies. It's almost as though the true conspirators (who seek to profit from the UK's hardship) can see their scheme slipping away. #PeoplesVote #WeDeserveBetter #WATON #FBPE #StopBrexit
Indeed, as was evident from Corbyn's Wakefield speech. Currently, he had little option but to attempt to appeal across the Brexit spectrum. Seems to me he's being very upfront about this. I'm a staunch remainer but recognise others (not just far right) disagree. No easy fix!
Serious question. Will Englad still be part of the European cups? Or once they Brexit, out na ba sila?
Isn’t that exactly what legislatures do?
Why don't you talk about Merkels dodgy dealings with Putin for his gas
What's your question, exactly? How would remainers hope for remain to win in a 2nd ref given that neither Corbyn nor May will support remain? Maybe remain loses. But I think neither Corbyn nor May speaks for all of their party on Brexit. 1/2
Just arrived in Stanstead from Nice. Nearly knocked out by the stink in the mens urinals. #Brexit#bleach
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Surely it was a breach of trust when campaigners lied about money to NHS etc.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit - Reuters
This is the thing
You sure you got TIME FOR THIS??? #brexit
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
I think making a GE would be even more damaging to the country at the moment. Definitely new govt would not be able to deliver Brexit by March.
Reuters Top News: May warns of catastrophe if MPs don’t back Brexit deal #NewsInTweets #WorldNewsInTweets #NewsInTweetsCom
She should resign because her judgement has not been good enough either as FM or SNP leader. From puppy dog’s tails to Brexit and from the Salmond issue to support for a “People’s Vote” it is just not good enough.
Indeed most extraordinary. And utterly contradicts the conventional wisdom prior to the referendum that the EU could not get its act together.
So talking about things in other parties pasts is fine but we can't do it for Labour? OK.. I would like to believe what you say but I just don't feel Labour are being honest with the electorate about Brexit and why did they back the snoopers charter?
Really great breakdown of the possibilities if Tuesday’s vote on Brexit fails.
Said it a while ago with a slightly different twist. Each candidate declares brexit or remain - individual choice - voters get the chance to prioritise what they want when they vote. Democracy.
We voted for Brexit after being told it was the apocalypse. We'll be fine and we'll pursue our own interests.
The latest European Affairs! Thanks to #brexit #tav
Speaker John Bercow hurled insults at aides and binned their advice
If you’re a Teaching Assistant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Hold me to what? Not listening to the brexit views foot a people. Deal
What was Theresa May's biggest mistake? by Robert Peston - worth reading
I agree that to support the right to protest does not mean one needs to agree with the content of every protest. I respect your right to disagree with me. Can you respect my right to disagree with you? #freespeech #freedom #respect #mankind #giletsjaunes #democracy #WWG1WAG
Mr Corbyn, along with other MPs in his party, is trying to use Brexit as a means to gain power, ignoring the fact that the population are getting totally fed up with the infantile politicking that has been infecting Parliament for the last 2-years.
#BlueJohn opts to vote with his #Tory pals... #surprise #deselectioncoming
As someone who lives on the breadline, as do most of my relatives, Brexit terrifies me. I don’t need hope, I need to know we’re gonna be able to afford food shopping
Neil Warnock has always been a total gobshite.
The state of some people! We need more education about racism and a more responsible press, and more prosecutions of racists.
Brexit views from Cable, Corbyn and May Streets
Brexit and Trump share certain characteristics with the Famine. The ultra rich do not give a fuck about the people.
Terrible interview. Typical. Ask a question Question answered despite the constant chipping in then ask the same question with a Pro Hard Brexit stance
The Only Site Recording the True Impact of Brexit - #AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin
5 million of us are, 2 millions on the continent and in the UK
If #Brexit is overturned by parliament, we will have crossed a line. Parliament gets its legitimacy from the people, through the ballot box. We vote to give parliament instructions to carry out. Stopping Brexit will reverse that master/servant relationship.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit - Reuters
#JohnMajor is right. The PM does not deserve the personal venom she has been subjected to, nor those in her own party who have turned against her. She has tried to honour the referendum result. #Brexit #SundayTimes
Not even her own hangers-on. David Lanny's earned his right to his opinion by asking and listening to the public. As demonstrated on twitter, his considered, well delivered analysis is hugely popular.
We already have a Donald Trump. Brexit is our Donald Trump and they both happened the same way. Discontent was weaponised in the service of deluded nostalgia and the greed if the super rich..
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay utterly unable to explain Plan B in baffling TV interview via #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
Me and Richard Watt wrote to the British Dental Journal to highlight the impacts of Brexit on UK dentistry and call for the British Dental Association to support a people's vote:
But also wouldn’t answer the wuestion “ how many of the 12 computer systems you need for a no deal “? had to tell him A...ONE out of 12
In my view, this is the very minimum price that must be paid to stop a harmful Brexit.
I disagree but can't help but respect the sentiment of "To Hell with the rest of the world"
... the reality of your obsession...
Nick Boles must go, demands senior #Stamford Conservative #TheresaMay #Brexit
Lineker sends a tweet about Warnock and Brexit which suggests "sticking to football". Oh the irony.
Which has nothing to do with brexit ?
If you subscribe to the concept of democracy the Brexit vote is being betrayed. I can't think of a better system than democracy but am open to sensible suggestions.
Absolutely ,if the Calais port are prepared for a no deal Brexit we should be . It’s disgraceful that Chris Grayling has already wasted millions of taxpayers money on a non existing ferry company. He should be investigated if only for being utterly incompetent.
No! We've had enough now! Too many people DEAD due to TORIES! Too many people HARMED! Too many DESTITUTE! Too many in poverty including IN WORK POVERTY! We need #GeneralElectionNow - shove Brexit down the line.. ONLY IF WHOLE POPULATION QUESTIONED AGAIN.... we need LABOUR GOV!
Prediction: TM’s deal fails and TM calls a people’s vote instead of a GE( she is desperate to hold onto government). Then it will be in the voters hands. Choices: No Brexit or Brexit and ( if brexit - preference of no deal or norway).
Warnock better stick with his failed football. No wonder Cardiff wonderfully well.
Jacob Rees-Mogg takes romantic break in stag do capital while MPs debate Brexit
Marxists and communists run the Labour Party at the moment... what is their position on Brexit?
Not a bad advert ! All you are saying is everything is the fault of Brexit !! What are you going to blame when you f**k the country up should you gain power
Cso what ur saying is hes the perfect example of the guys leading the Brexit charge, a human contradiction...
So when is the government going to release the WHOLE legal advice for the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement as demanded by parliament in December? Did they think we had forgotten?
What the buggery bollocks does immigration over 13 years before the UK joined the EEC have to do with Brexit?
MPs must work together to block no-deal Brexit – Blackford #scotref
Who's Corbyn??????????????? Oh I see now You mean that corrupt old red pro brexit tory supporter
#TheFall No Deal Brexit kit
People in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones.......
Woahh! Here we go! Don’t be fooled into thinking #Peoplesvote was a grassroots Org. All of a sudden the constant Labour Bashing by Peoples Vote makes perfect sense... #Socialistsunday #Brexit #FBPE
Revealed: Commons plot to seize control from Theresa May ahead of Brexit vote - News - The Sunday Times ... #Brexit
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal #Brexit
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal #Brexit
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit: Brexit minister
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
What time is the Brexit vote for Theresa May's deal? via
Brexit Secretary Stephan Barclay on #Marr blethering on without blushing about Brexit contingencies using words like 'we're working on it' and 'its challenging' ... it his lack of embarrassment for being a complete plonker on national TV that amazes me... neurology?
We’ll see. I don’t have a clear impression of what will happen. I’m concerned that if matters do go that way, the move towards Brexit will just sweep on and many pro-EU Labour people have their vigilance dampened by the excitement of a GE.
It is NO coincidence that there have been personal attacks on both her AND her cabinet from the corporate press. Given the timing of May's brexit vote scheduled for the 15th in the HoC, there is major significance here ... this was an opening shot to weaken support for her deal
Right about May but is just a 70s throwback too cowardly to take a lead on #Brexit, a man with no ideas other than those that have failed previously.
With respect, your argument makes no sense. Why does legitimate democracy opposition to Brexit allow the far-right to gain a foothold? How does that work? Legitimising the far-right by gifting them Brexit is what allows them to do much more than gain a foothold ...
Explosion from bakery being reported as the result of a gas leak. #Paris #GiletsJaunes
This defence of Mike Ashley that has cropped up might just be more absurd than Brexit and Trump. Fucking morons.
Says the PM who says one thing but does another, arms oppressors in injust wars, ignores electoral commission findings, happy to kill off the terminally ill through universal credit and rewards incompetence in her government #ToriesOut
4-4-3? A far too revolutionary, European formation for such a stalwart Brexit man!!!!
And in completely expected news today, Neil Warnock makes an ignorant comment about Brexit and reveals he is the true leader of the gammons.
NO DEAL - does not exist. Fact..... we would HAVE to have a deal on things like planes flying and people travelling etc NO DEAL is actually non existent. - it’s not going to happen, and quite frankly neither is Brexit. #PeoplesVoteNow
Bercow shld be sacked tearing up parli.rule book Grieve shld be removed from his seat as MP colluding with Bercow it seems don’t give damn re 17.4mn voters who wanted leave EU.Just unfair Democracy,traitors think can do what they want when unhappy Vote went agst them.
Angry #Brexiteer Calls #LBC And Lets Rip #BBC #Trump #MAGA #NigelFarage #UKIP #Brexit #JamesGoddard #YellowVestsUK #Marr #TommyRobinson #Ridge #EVEBOU #GiletsJaunes #Reuters
... AND you BUY support.
How about you make a choice based on reality? Labour better than Tories on brexit and everything else.
This is worse than Brexit. I mean it’s not, clearly, but still....
Wait, are you proposing we stop buying food from the EU after Brexit?
I am one of those people struggling on UC but as it stands neither party will win a majority and whether people like it or not it's because their Brexit stances are too vague/similar. Hence why they're tied in nearly every poll.
SNP’s Ian Blackford urges MPs to block Brexit deal
“The problem for Hannan and other prominent Brexit proponents is that even their own numbers don’t add up. Asked to assess the impact of Brexit, the government reported back that Britain would be worse off after any outcome compared with remaining in the EU.” #Brexit #Brexitfail
Neil Warnock is the Cardiff City manager, arguably the best ever. Colin W****r (anagram) is the guy who stands in for him, for post-match interviews
That's what people thought before the 2017 election as well. Yes, in effect, a Tory gov was returned. Mrs May's mistake seems to be that she believed it had a renewed "hard" Brexit mandate.
There's very little difference between your average Brexiteer and Violet Beauregarde. Demand the impossible and then raise hell when it doesn't appear. #Brexit
Absolutely agree.
Talk us through the details of a 'a jobs first Brexit' Col
No deal is the best option. If you have followed Brexit, you will remember the predictions for the day AFTER the Brexit vote: Osborn / Carney said what? : 800,000 job losses Wages falling by 3% Emergency Budget Interest rate hikes And what actually happened since:
So imagine Corbyn wins a GE, how will labour deliver a jobs first, cake and eat it brexit? How will Labours brexit be any different from Tory brexit? He’s playing politics with our nations future.
Proof that it won’t be embarrassing to turn back..... #Brexit
But if no #PeoplesVote then his support in the Labour party collapses. He can't win, no one is in a position to shove Brexit down our throats, no majority.
We need more global stability now. Not less of it. #Brexit would be disastrous for not just the UK, but for Europe, the US and global markets as well.
Typical playground politics at a time when all parties in the country should be coming together and putting in place, realistic plans to confidently navigate the possibility of a no deal Brexit. Im getting away from the point but the bigger picture is missed by these sociopaths
all fake, diatribe anti Brexit fake racist shrilling
Labour Vows Confidence Vote as May Faces Defeat: Brexit Update
Yep, relatively cheap dis information campaign for the results ...
The biggest crisis caused by Cameron and May ! Do get a grip!
They need to call indyref 2 now as there is momentum to push it through. If theresa Mays deal goes through on Tuesday then brexit will happen and her deal will ensure basically nothing happens except we're paying into EU and having no say as to what happens. This is the Tory plan
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair on
Key dates in 2019 as UK prepares for Brexit
Rebel MPs 'plot coup to seize control of Brexit and sideline May' - Evening Standard
Only 2 things to conclude that he’s rich and self serving!
In that case admit that your policy is Leave oriented, and let any Remainers decide whether their concerns about austerity overrule their love of the EU. Or tell your Leave supporters that you don't support Brexit, set out why you believe job prospects may be better in Europe.
2/ A remain majority parliament will always try to find a way to get out of implementing Brexit even if Leave wins again, events have shown that. It is not "more democracy" if the only results that are actually implemented are the ones the establishment agrees with!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
So you can’t give a single, tangible benefit to your life with Brexit. That’s fine, I guessed as much but all you’re doing is parroting the “take back control” nonsense that has been spoon fed to you by people with something to gain. Like I said, you’ve been conned!
Well referring to people as “Brexit nutter” is hardly a rounded argument, is it! As for “knowing what it will do”, as with anything in the future, we really have no idea what it may hold. But better to venture out of the cave, that to live in fear of the unknown?
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Maybe he thinks it's in part because it has the word European in it. In which case the UEFA is also "in part" an EU institution.
Oh yes, when he campaigned for Remain by telling everyone the EU wasn't very good. I remember those days. Look, the deal is done. It's this deal, no Brexit or No Deal. And look at what Jeremy is doing. It isn't rocket science.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Kiss of death' - 'Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B'
JAN 14-20: Golden Globe Winners Green Book and The Wife, plus The Hate U Give and Brexit: The Uncivil War -
If you’re sick and/or tired of anything (life, Brexit, Mrs May, Mr Corbyn, the whole bloody lot of ‘em), go and see #StanandOllie. It’s wonderful, touching and beautiful. #lifesnotallbad
Britain’s Most Ardent Brexit City Shows a Country on the Brink via
No fan of Marr. But if he does anything wrong here, I can’t see it To watch the leader of a Labour Party obfusticate like this with mere weeks remaining is just... all the swear words. Even the ones that you don’t like. Especially them
Hey Siri, define Gammon
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair … via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #London #RealEstate
Project Fear #brexit
NHS progressive institution governed by parliament focuses on 'doing things differently' 'new ways of working' Government - institution which is so set on tradition and not evolving at all. Stuck in the past and focused on maintaining tradition, heirachial patriarchy.
Gammon!
All the people causing anger and division between everyone regardless of how you voted just stop, focus on changing how the politicians are working, people who voted different to you, exercised their rights to vote either way, just like you #Brexit #Referendum
Extraordinary now means ‘stuff we knew all along’.
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
Sign our petition calling for a referendum on the Brexit deal
Don’t assume all Brexit people are stupid or racist
Hasn’t that particular lie already sailed far away aboard HMS Unicorn Bollocks? Funny how we’ve gone from everything will be better, cheaper and more plentiful to rationing might not last too long but be prepared for hand to hand combat over toilet rolls. There is no good Brexit.
I am feeling reassured after watching on #marr this morning. Even though #marr tried his usual tactics to derail the interview, I thought Corbyn was concise and positive 're s #Brexit standpoint. Let's get this GE going. The sooner the better
Brexit deal summary - key points in UK-EU agreement and why Tories are furious
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair … via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #London #RealEstate
SHES VERY RIGHT WE VOTED OUT SO LETS GO
Why is an elected member of another Party trying to tell me what I want?
Yep saw this too before I started this debate. It’s an interesting stat and I’m not going to argue with stats. But he’s played further up. And he’s had a good three years of not so good xG stats.. and it’s been visible too that the brexit mf is too flat.
MoD sends planners to ministries over post-Brexit border fears
No tae Corbyn pro brexit yes
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Jesus help us ... he can't lead us to the local branch meeting
It's hilarious to be accused of cultish behaviour by those still slavishly insisting that Corbyn is only supporting Brexit because the "membership" decided the policy at conference. The policy was decided at conference in spite of the membership, not because of it.
In Europe, the British parliament is due to hold a vote on Prime Ministers Theresa May’s Brexit deal on Tuesday after the first attempt at voting on the agreement was postponed last month.
where's the investment coming from post Brexit? And don't say from saving payments to EU as all that money will be eaten up in the chaos of Brexit and the massive debts the govt has accrued to try to force Brexit. Tories must be ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR MESS.
Think you will also find that if celeb luvvies and left wing traitors accepted the result from day 1 instead of trying to sabotage Brexit and ignore democracy for there own egos we would be in a better state right now
It's not like we needed further proof that Brexit is the worst idea ever, but thank you anyway, Neil Warnock.
Cool
Many UK people are increasingly concerned about a seeming rise in support for far right groups
Don't disagree with you but #PeoplesVote is the priority and Corbyn doesn't support that, he's wishy washy on Brexit so cant see him winning a GE.
His ignorance and maladroitness....which is worse?!!!!!!
How do you know there will be disobedience or rioting? #Brexit will mean #Uk will lose out. JLR jobs going, HSBC moving operations to Amsterdam, NHS has 1000s of vacancies. What specifically do you consider are the benefits to th UK of leaving the EU?
Brexit is degrading all of us. I’m shuddering reading your tweet. Yet another sign of the nasty vile times we are in because of Brexit. So sorry
Entirl: More accessible, more affordable and competitively priced - the Brexit Loan scheme is helping SMEs with their Brexit planning. #Brexit
People have other concerns apart from Brexit. Really don't know how to answer you on that. I'm really flummoxed.
If the UK had a second BREXIT referendum, how should they vote?
May's Brexit deal will damage Wales - we'll vote it down and seek a sensible consensus
So after today's interviews. Would the PM offer Mr Corbyn an election in May in return for supporting her Deal? #Brexit
What about your comment on Dragon's Den, Deborah, that not having enough money made you resourceful (so having too much could be a bad thing). A Brexit could be like that if you look on the positive side. Though I do agree that a 2nd vote is necessary for democracy.
You also forget the importance of domestic policies at home that will not be forgotten but will run in parallel with brexit negotiation and REFORM
You expect a Party leader to announce detail of the manifesto before an Election is even happening? Bore off #GTTO
WELL, WELL should we be surprised, NO nothing surprises us anymore about this establishment their cronies and that gin sodden old bag sourpuss. S***S THE MAN THAT BETRAYED HIS OWN SOLD HIS OWN OUT, says all I need to know about that utter piece of shit. THEY WILL ANSWER TO GOD
LAST 72 HOURS? May could be out Wednesday if she loses Brexit vote...
How have we ended up in a situation where we could be facing a #GeneralElection and the *Official Opposition's* policy on *the biggest issue of the day* is *yet to be decided*...
Yeah take time for Japan while #brexit is burning under everyone`s feet.
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit - Brexit minister
This is what Brexit has done to the UK. It has emboldened worms like this to crawl from under their rock and spout their racist beliefs. It is no excuse that he may be drunk - ‘in vino veritas’ #Brexshit
This speech on Brexit, telling the people the truth and accepting responsibility is excellent. A stand out in what has become an increasingly witless political establishment.
I agree #Brexit #EU
Who ever would have thought the UK wld do this to its own citizens, esp while denying many of them a vote in referendum that wld alter their lives completely? ‘We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
What an erroneous tweet this is? Labour's policy on Brexit has always been the same and decided by the membership. You know what it is, why tell lies?
Why do you only go on about Brexit being bad? Do you think that’s what the current generation believe?
This is what many still think. He’s bold enough to say it but intrinsic racism lives strong in UK (hence the Brexit vote)
Unless Brexit will mean Cardiff signing De Bruyne, Salah, VVD, De Gea and Hazard, then no political outcome possible will prevent his imminent return to the championship
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
Says the man who I believed moved his businesses to Southern Ireland (leaving them in the EU), seems like you have no confidence in Brexit yourself but you expect us to.
The Tories brought about this disaster but you are the one who could stop it but you insanely support brexit. You will be remembered as the one who destroyed the country, the NHS and brought unimaginable poverty to millions!
I,thought it was about brexit? At least that’s the latest trigger the opportunistic snp are using.
'We are being abandoned': #Britons in #EU ahead of #Brexit deal vote
And this from a friend.......
Date and timings of the Brexit vote - and what happens if Theresa May loses
As an immigrant - Brexit is such a stereotypical English problem -- Bunch of people who want to complain about something but have absolutely no plan to fix it.
Stop this monstrous Brexit, before it's too late. Farage has spent the past four months mobilising his troops at Leave Means Leave rallies around the country
This is also the Remain view.....which shows just how extraordinary the situation is
If Brexit doesn't get delivered to the British public who democratically voted for it in 2016. Does it mean that Democracy in this country is critically damaged for the future?
It means he’s an ignorant small minded nationalist. As someone once said, it’s always the ones you most suspect.
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
That warm smug feeling when you know you always thought the guy was a bit of a Tw .
I do hear serious comments on the Continent about granting political asylum to British refugees, particularly to the brightest and the best (such as scientists). Thus far, though, just this:
In my view you don't really understand what WTO implications mean. Where is the considerable investment going to come from? Or is it a unicorn? I work in Venture Capital, this is not what overseas investors are telling me. They will not invest in a Brexit Britain, fact!
Seems British people don’t want to be dictated to by foreigners. We Irish haven’t liked being ruled by foreigners for last 800+ years and still don’t. Maybe you know how we feel now!
Also... "I think we'll be better off." "How?" "...In every aspect." That sounds very much like the musings of a man who cares for no factual basis, research or evidence. #Brexit
"#Brexit: The Uncivil War" - I so badly want to see this movie, see the backgrounds for all of this. Let's hope it can be viewed in Europe (or what remains of it) as well.
Brexit: SNP will seek to revoke Article 50 after deal is defeated #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
We have no idea what’s happening now and we have a #Tory government with a #Brexit strategy. How did we get to the point where the Government is the opposition to the Opposition and a lot of the #MSM are holding the Opposition to account but not the government? Madness
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
We have no idea what’s happening now and we have a #Tory government with a #Brexit strategy. How did we get to the point where the Government is the opposition to the Opposition and a lot of the #MSM are holding the Opposition to account but not the government? Madness
“Your logical arguments will clash with people’s emotions”. That statement says everything that is wrong with Brexit
Just an opinion shared by disgruntled Remoaners, not an opinion shared by the majority of voters. Most I’m sure would agree those that I refer to have well documented form far more severe than anything that can be concocted about Farage &amp; co. E &amp; W Brexit map below if it helps
Theresa May's WA is indeed not Brexit for it is Remain with no Say. What is worse is how it sells British Armed Forces to EU Defence structures meaning they can be deployed without our say so.
What I want is #PeoplesVote with 3 options, hard Brexit, Deal Brexit, or Remain
Time to replace Theresa May and Corbyn they are both at best useless
WTO it is.
So #Corbyn wants a snap general election but he doesn’t know if Labour will campaign on a pro #Brexit or remain manifesto? Is it just me or do other people think we deserve a better opposition?
The inertia position is exiting without a deal on March 29 and absent a Parliamentary majority for an A50 extension, that is what will happen. There doesn’t seem to be a Parliamentary majority for almost anything at present, and certainly nothing in relation to #Brexit
Wish theyd just bloody shut up about Brexit
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
We had the vote by the ppl on Brexit You can’t go backwards &amp; vote again! Or are the ppl of UK worried they might have to go &amp; get a proper job! To prove how much they care about there country, instead of living on benefits This is the real truth isn’t it Ur all scars of workin
Listen to her! #remain #peoplesvote
Surely it would cost much less to create an island for these idiots who can't accept a diverse UK. #Brexit #TommyRobinson
That's what the left wants. That's what the left will get. Talk about cut your nose off to spite your face.....
Well if Brexit was a person, it would be this ignorant old clown, wouldn't it.
Why am I not surprised?
Not just the USA! Here in the UK, Soros is pouring his dirty money anti brexit groups and undermine democracy! No sovereign nation is safe from this maggot!
Why is Boris still a thing?
That was always ‘s aim, to try that sort of Brexit first but not taking anything off the table including Second Ref, or Cancel altogether, #Labour is a Democratic Party ALL Decisions are put to the Party, Not Dictated by the Leader as the seem to do.
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
A vote taken over two years ago, on a clumsy and emotively-worded binary choice, based on no *factual* information about what Brexit would actually look like? Really?
This is truly remarkable. When her arguments are exposed as vacuous, Katie Hopkins’s response is to smile enthusiastically and say “I love Brexit. I want Brexit to happen. I love leave” It’s genuinely like listening to a 5 year old.
Status quo not maintained as the whole Brexit mess has demonstrated how Westminster can ride rough shod over the wishes of Scotland with no consequences.
saw someone describe warnock as "the eagle-faced gammon king" earlier
This was brilliant - do not miss it. Master class in dramatising current events. Hats off
Even aside from the fact that this is literally the *only* poll I've seen with this message (I've seen lots suggesting the opposite), should Lab be basing Brexit strategy on political calculation, or what's best for the country? That's a genuine q btw and not meant provocatively
Brexit should mean Brexit ! End of ! May has no choice now because of the likes of Grieve et al ! The mysoginistic rhetoric on this thread however undermines these valid points and lets hope they shut up, grow up and concentrate on politics instead of their B&amp;Buthead type jokes !
Too right...
The problem with this comparison is that the 'Millenium Bug' was an honest attempt to mitigate an unknown whereas 'Cliff Edge' is a dishonest creation of disaster scenarios to support political agendas: forcing through a bad deal or pushing for no Brexit.
If we #RevokeA50 we'll have time to work that out. We can come back in a couple of years or so and implement brexit if we still think it's a good idea.
Jeremy Corbyn blasts 'disgraceful' attacks on John Bercow in Brexit bias row
Probs don’t have to worry too much about being in Europe Neil.
I know it affects me given my family friends and colleagues will be impacted. My industry will be heavily impacted. Funnily enough I will probably personally and financially benefit from brexit, but then that's not my primary driver.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Sadly unavoidably Brexit has to come. As hard as it can get. Just like children have to get their fingers burned so they get fire hurts. You explain but they refuse to believe you. Then once they reach the cliff bottom, they get it. Too late as injured but this is apprenticeship.
Holy shit. Knew things were bad. But THIS bad? ALREADY?!
Right wing newspaper Brexit 'coup'...Sunday Times.
This is utterly contemptuous from a government on the ropes. , let’s see if your irresponsible reporting was worth it when the dust settles... #Brexit
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Yet he said and LFC lack respect...
Mann has been Brexit central from the beginning Mike
Really? A safety net?
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of #Brexit deal vote
Stop being so fucking condescending. You're supposed to be all inclusive Democrats MY ARSE. More like groupthink groupies. See you post brexit, post Corbyn.
The kids are revolting #Brexit #Frexit #GiletsJaunes #YellowVests #Minecraft
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
I have a lot of time for some Shinners but this "unity is just around the corner" guff that they've been peddling since 1972 is tiresome - tbh I think it's as far away as ever. Don't really buy this 'Brexit makes it more likely' thing at all. How exactly?
Not many people would volunteer a general election earlier than 2022, but I think we should have one right now. A General Election, NOT a second referendum. I think the electorate need the chance to vote on the behaviour of their particular MP over this Brexit debacle!
I am forever left trying to explain (incredibly frustratingly) the contextual difference between a Brexit vote in Sunderland to a Brexit vote in one of the many well off southern counties, and this video has really helped me to do that, very true words from
If FOM ceases we will ALL lose are rights.
Sorry Theresa, we want Brexit proper which is for what we voted. Any fancy idea thought up by yourself &amp; Philip will not be the answer.
Cardiff managers, Neil Warnock’s EPIC pro-Brexit rant: via
“sadopopulism” in which people are willing to inflict pain on themselves so long as they can believe that, in the same moment, they are making their imagined enemies hurt more Brexit in a nutshell.... #StopBrexit via
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit — The Independent
The rules did not presage Brexit. We are literally in uncharted territory. Therefore anything is possible. Although it does seem unlikely the EU will be doing the UK favours any day soon, unless perhaps the Irish press for some kind of WTO based null tariff arrangement.
If your friends are petty enough to throw you out because you don’t subscribe to their every ideas, you better find new friends. The point is #EU is an idea of globalist elites who want to create an undemocratic supranational entity. So we are better finding new friends #Brexit
Grieve is nothing more than an out and out traitor to this nation - an odious person and an unscrupulous MP attempting to defy the people - his treachery has become the standard by which others will be judged
I am a Londoner I am a Tory I am Pro Brexit. Do not tar all us southerners with the same brush. We quite like you lot.
Sad but true....#Marr #MeaningfulVote #RevokeArticle50
Only losing the confidence of the house can stop him. Now it’s not just Brexit at stake it’s the very machinery of our democracy.
What I said stands.. we are still in the middle of this and the repercussions of ANY Brexit will be worse than anyone's worst nightmares
Brexit needs to happen if not democracy in this country and all politicians and idiots in the House Of Lords should be sacked and abolished without delay. Politicians needs to respect democracy and in the UK citizens or face permanent disruption throughout our country for decades
Brexit has it’s own cereal now....
It's funny reading all the manipulative tweets about Neil Warnock in regard to Brexit. Why do you find it necessary to mention foreigners i.e. foreign club owners &amp; players? Are you Racist? Brexit doesn't mean stopping immigration, but having the powers to control it
Sounds like a plan. Plan B maybe?
Michael Russell, Scottish Minister for Brexit - Inshore Fisheries Scotla... via
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
Corbyn is correct. It is part of an EU Institution. It represents countries in the EU, enforce EU Laws and has 47 European Judges. Tory withdrawal agreement had clauses were they wouldn't be subjected to EU Laws or Accountable to EU Laws or the Human Rights Court. #SWaGodKing
Lol what an idiot
at a certain point sitting on the fence will make any supposed leader look silly
Thank you for clarifying. Confusion lies at the heart of this whole Brexit fiasco
You stated, "The EU know that Labour's Brexit policy is far better than the Tories deal." You haven't been able to provide a source for this claim, only further conjecture. If you do have evidence from your non-'elite-sponsored MSM' knowledge fountain, go ahead and share it.
"Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit" -
Sabotaging deal, might sound like a great plan, but if this results in what the people voted for not happening...you are opening up for more hurt and angst from both sides... #Brexit #Referendum
How is everyone not seeing this? The dots are all there and every week a couple more join up. But of course no outcry from Leavers who claim to worship the “sovereign democracy” this cabal are destroying.
Downing Street fears rebel MPs will seize control of Brexit process if May’s deal falls
Respect! How to avoid saying you are a Leave supporter. Get angry with the questioner. Always woiks.
I mean, why is anyone asking him about #Brexit?! Still, I refer to my previous tweet and how Warnock *exactly* fits the stereotype of #Brexiteers, though I refuse to accept 17.4m are like him.
If you are on Instagram (which still feels like Twitter per-Brexit/Drumpf), follow - a carefully paced exhibition of memorials to AIDS victims. It is as if visiting the quilt square-by-square.
Coming up on Connections Radio we hear from the Secretary of State for Business on Brexit and how business will be affected after March 29th. Download the FREE Connections Radio app and listen. #business #biztip #marketing #mktg #SME
After brexit truly truly scares me.
Serious question, might she be working for the GRU as an agent of Russia? I'm seeing a lot of similarities between Brexit and Donaldturmp
No one has shown more backbone than Theresa May, in trying to keep us in the EU, she's a remainer, who would see democracy destroyed, to turn a leave vote, into a remain+++vote, asking Theresa May to take us out of the EU, is like asking drunker junker to give up drinking..
I disagree with you about on the first point, remain scared lots of people to vote remain and they had twice the budget. But I do agree with you on the second this whole management of brexit is a shambles. Should of had someone who believed in the process to negotiate it.
Mr Putin wins!
“Some of the claims made for ‘#NorwayPlus’ are in danger of repeating the deeply misleading promises made for #Brexit two years ago. Why ‘Norway Plus’ won’t work – and could make the Brexit crisis worse. #PeoplesVote #revokeA50 #remain
LAST 72 HOURS? May could be out Wednesday if she loses Brexit vote...
What's plan b. Cleverly failed to answer it in Thursday. Why no? Parliment on Friday. Need three days extra to work out a plan b after two years and three brexit secretary's.
Well let’s hope that his constituents aren’t as daft as to vote for this lying two-faced man whose real ambition is to ruin Brexit
There are many things not in the news. Brexit is the main issue right now in Britain. However there’s the internet where you can find everything. But where can I see the issues D Notice May has issued??
A no deal Brexit may work or it may not. The difference between those advocating it and those afraid of it is wealth. Those in favour can gamble on black and won’t lose their shirt if it falls on red. For the vast majority of us we can’t afford that risk to our jobs and families.
R TM has certainly changed her mind since the last election on brexit means brexit.
It's NOT! Cancelling #Brexit tout court, immediately, is ALL there is left!
The latest LinguaLondoner! #brexit
Mrs May’s inability to govern is all of her own making - first calling a general election based on a hard Brexit, that lost her party seats, then second having to rely on the DUP to govern, a party implacably opposed to her WA deal.
BBC News - Parliament security boosted ahead of Brexit vote
Cardiff managers, Neil Warnock’s EPIC pro-Brexit rant: via
Jacob Rees-Mogg tweeted at 10:40 am on Sun, Jan 13, 2019: No deal is still better than a bad deal. (
Funny you should say that. I'd be interested in reactions to this mini-thread. I cannot see how any other course of action could possibly overcome the 3 final red lines now preventing finalisation of this stage of the Brexit process.
On the one hand they scream about ‘democracy’ (from a vote that they cheated to win) then on the other they talk about coups. I’m so glad I’m leaving this shit hole of an island.
Are Jacob Rees Mogg and the DUP blocking brexit?
The brexit vote was Cameron playing politics to appease his back bench you hypocrite.
Open managed fx: #clients #investors #hnwi #pensioners to #invest in our #forex #managed #accounts #cityofinvestment #uk #Brexit #Pakistan #Iran #UAE #Iraq #Qatar #Kuwait #Oman #Lebanon #Jordan #Yemen #Bahrain #Syria #SaudiArabia #Egypt #eth #btc
There's very little difference between the average Brexiteer and Veruca Salt - demand the impossible and then raise hell when it doesn't appear immediately. #Brexit
May's deal looks attractive compared to no deal. No Brexit looks attractive compared to May's deal. Let's do that.
The long term payments include pensions and contributions to projects where before the Brexit vote.
What time is the Brexit vote for Theresa May’s deal?
I’ve never seen a better reason to stay in
4-3-3?!? A far too revolutionary European for such a stalwart Brexit man!
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal
We have the facts now. Any Brexit makes us poorer. You can make yourself poorer if you wish but I am certainly going to. We will stop Brexit .
to make from Brexit
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain
I would rather the government bribed me with a £1bn to support their Brexit rather than the DUP. But I expect my political leaders to deal with reality, and not wistfully talk about their own little fantasy world.
Im as interested in “Warnock has his say on Brexit”, as I am taking a cheese grater to my face.
Stop Brexit you old mess.
When it comes to fatuous commentary about Brexit, there are many contenders for the worse, but Neil Warnock's know-nothing rant will take some beating.
And what happens if Grieve and Co manage to contrive to keep us in if the vote is lost? Vote down by all means buit not at the risk of no Brexit.
12 months after #Brexit &amp; we’ve proved it was the best decision you won’t be able to find anybody admitting they were a stupid Remoaner but we won’t forget who they were especially come Election time. Time to sort the chaff from the wheat!
My acute case of Breczema is getting worse with every mention of that word! #brexit
Roll the dice &amp; may the odds be ever in your favour.
UK Government (#Tory) &amp; #Labour #party have ignored and abandonned Britons Livig in the EU has consistently said this and we have been berated for being too party political - Well tactical voters, now you face your actions head on
Well done andrew,we now eventually know what Labour's brexit position truly is. Neither in or out.only they can brilliantly negotiate a perfect cherry pick deal and these reasonable Europeans will be so spell bound they will roll over. Total drivel of course.
Great example of the risk of calling a referendum in the first place.#ignorance
Brexidiots really should cut the remoaner crap
Could you explain what you mean? Our system of democracy means that we very frequently vote for things that don't end up getting delivered and we accept that grudgingly, but peacefully and with good grace. Why should Brexit be different?
We are a *parliamentary democracy* Parliament is *supposed* to be in charge.
John Bercow should be sacked! He thinks he is above reproach and he is not!
Labour and Mirror (and Labour Party) can't bring themselves to admit that May's deal is as good as Brexit gets -although she took far too long to get it.
oh yes it is. Watch the video!
Probably the same if it does.
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan
Because the entertainers know they'll be at top of the food chain.Leaders across the world &amp; people like Soros &amp; MSM &amp; communication engines want to make our WORLD a socialist, Communist Globalization. Where you'll have no voice, not your healthcare, chidren, customs, history....
I’d like to know why after being one of the main supporters of Brexit did boris tuck his tail between his legs and run off when things started to get tough.
Brexit or No Brexit, thats all that matters. Save the socialist ideological rubbish for the student union. Say that you support a full Brexit, and you'll have my vote.
I appreciate this read.. but still not a strong enough readon to defy the voters who have supported Brexit. Instead of scare tactics, find solutions.
Brilliant and level headed explanation of all factors of fear around brexit. Some true some not so much.
Immigration curbs after Brexit will 'pull rug' from the Highlands
Dominic Raab said 'loyalty does not pay' and people reacted exactly how you would expect
Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn about as appetising as cold vomit, why would anyone vote for that? Labour's dirty secret, Corbyn is totally toxic on the #labourdoorstep You can't polish a turd, you can't put lipstick on a pig, and the voters rightly LOATHE him. #SocialistSunday
The will of the people has to be done and it is now for a people's vote now we understand what Brexit means.
I didn’t see this. To be fair I yhought he sooke well and although I do nit agree with his stance on Brexit he comes across as thoughtful and dignified whist his more rabid supporters do not.
NEVER FORGET THAT LABOUR LEAD BY CORBYN ARE FACILITATING BREXIT. THE SINGLE BIGGEST ACT OF SELF HARM A COUNTRY HAS EVER UNDERTAKEN
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Corbyn promises no-confidence motion against May 'soon'. Labour leader refuses to confirm immediate challenge if PM loses Tuesday’s Brexit vote
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit -
I want a #GeneralElectionNow I want rid of this government and I want a #PeoplesVote on a Labour lead deal. #Brexit
Expel him. Now. Any Labour MP who votes for her deal is voting to keep a Labour government out of power. Utterly disgraceful.
Just think of the quality of the negotiators Headless Chickens with numbskills opioniating. A Political Diaster of Titanic proportions
FTAs take years to negotiate - 7 in the case of Canada. These are our brexit-supporting government's own figures on leaving without a deal - even worse than Canada+ #marr #ridge #peoplesvote
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit - Brexit minister
Actually think I agree with you there. My apologies It's an almost impossibly confusing &amp; confused situation. I do believe Corbyn retains his integrity throughout. *Think what he is saying is Clear the decks and make a fresh start. With everything, including Brexit.
He wants to blame May for the mess and EU for intransigence. Double dip for him Double hit for us.
Brexit: John Major says revoking Article 50 is ‘the only sensible course’ | The Independent
Or we could just have two separate sections on the Ballot paper with: Leave: Labour Conservative Remain: LibDem Green #Brexit is THE most important thing. Everything else is contingent on what happens with #Brexit.
I was out in Wolverhampton city centre yesterday speaking to voters about Brexit. What was apparent was that, whether people voted to Remain or Leave, the vast majority of them were certain that they didn’t believe that this Conservative Government were able to deliver Brexit!
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
God help us.......
I built a life for myself in the UK, now Brexit has unravelled it via
This man voted Brexit and is the face of most Brexiteers
What's your views on 'no brexit at all' threat?
An apt Spanish phrase might be: "Tiene tanto moro que se lo pisa". Maybe El Gato or Mrs Corbyn will translate it for him
The long term payments include pensions and contributions to projects agreed before the Brexit vote.
This type of old school mentality is why we have brexit.. from a football perspective, it's not gonna be easy to sign players, get visas more easily etc.
to be honest with you valentina i am currently waiting for brexit to be over, thank you for asking
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
"Honour the Brexit vote". My view is that the reckless referendum shouldn't have taken place at all. I don't honour any of those 33.6 million votes (including my own). What a horrendous mistake that was in 2016.
It’s people like you &amp; them that has made me lose faith. None of you are listening. None of you want to listen. You don’t care about us. You never have. It’s all about you &amp; what you want. You lied to win your seats at the last General Election &amp; you’re still lying #Brexit
Now we know his amazing plan! Customs union (i.e. same as now, without any say). That's it? That's his magical idea that's going to sweep him into No 10? We're going to be stuck in Brexit forever aren't we...
Watching the UK shoot itself in both feet: Not even the capable Dutch may be able to avoid chaos in a no-deal Brexit.
Seen the Light. Brexit manager needed we fucked him over after Pearson left but it’s time for him to come in #WarnockIn
Brexit bad.
70 something year old millionaire happy with Brexit as it wont affect him in 15 years as he'll probably be dead
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
Marvellous!! Just need to make sure our loo paper supplies are not jeopardised by Brexit
Journalists desperate for new Brexit voxpop angles.
If the government says MPs controlling legislation is “concerning” , I find their fear of being held democratically accountable to Parliament extremely concerning...
Brexit is incompatible with GFA, not that any single one of those shysters who campaigned for it cared. We were a footnote. They couldn’t give a flying fuck about Ireland/NI in all of this. And then you have Arlene Foster claiming the GFA ‘isn’t sacrosanct’. It’s quite incredible
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
The party might be destroyed but Brexit or no Brexit, Britain will survive.
LAST 72 HOURS? May could be out Wednesday if she loses Brexit vote...
Blustering intensities as #Brexit edges closer and so does the inevitable collapse of the rest of the Union as we now know it.
Minister Doherty says her Dept has been preparing contingency plans for possible no deal Brexit for over one year now yet nothing published on impact for current reciprocal arrangements for social security payments and what this will mean for Irish citizens North and South #twip
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal
Fuck #Marr We need No #Brexit
These people vote for Brexit just before they pop off to the sun with their free prescriptions for six months. It's criminal. Houses empty with a huge waiting list for social/affordable housing.... And they build more over 60s flats etc. No new hospital, a maternity unit closed.
It's Parliament ignoring the will of the British people you absolute moron. Labour mp's in the north who support remain and are destroying Brexit are going against the will of their voters just to appease knuckleheads/soyboys like you who haven't stopped crying since you lost
So am I and with a good campaign by Labour there can be a Labour Government. We can't go on any longer with this brutal Government they have to go as soon as possible and if that means we have a soft Brexit deal so be it.
Nope, 11th hour negotiating is fine but the people of the UK want a second referendum, it's the will of the people that is being ignored not honoured by Brexit. Again you are pushing to go forward with the results of a tainted referendum, you simply sweep that under the carpet.
How about this guy.... why isn't he getting his collar felt...
I don’t believe most voters gave globalisation a second thought, they were much more likely to be swayed by Leaves lies re ££ for the NHS &amp; the effect of 20+ yrs of anti EU stories in the press. Brexit’s economic isolationism, will have profound - negative economic effects.
Automakers Prepare for “No-Deal” Brexit – They’re Already Under Pressure From The Deteriorating Market.
Do you think people will vote or have people been turned off politics by Brexit?
Good ole Jezza. Always thought he was pretty sound on #brexit well done OB!
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair … via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #London #RealEstate
Clever bunch, aren’t they? #nobbers
LAST 72 HOURS? May could be out Wednesday if she loses Brexit vote...
Really we all need to open our minds to reality of what is playing out right now
You don't have to be in the EU to have a customs union with the single market. I voted Remain. I'm just explaining how Labour will act on Brexit.
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
thats not a answer and polls dont mean a thing your aim is to stop brexit simple really they never are right and polls depend on you point of view most people u mean remainers
I'm not necessarily sure that any subsequent coalition government would be able to survive long term partly because there does seem to be some irreconcilable policy positions between the parties on Brexit. I actually think that the Tories and Labour are most alike on Brexit
Effectively confirming what we knew already: and don't have a plan for Brexit. There are no limits to their mind-boggling uselessness.
Do you have explicit guarantees from the EU that they will re-negotiate the Brexit deal with a Labour government? If so, how long will it take? You can't just say anything, because that's exactly how Brexit came about.
Nice one Neil. #brexit.
This word is now a criminal offence. Well unless you are from the other side of the political aisle in which case you can yell and shout it uproariously, with no effects whatsoever.. As in"N scum, off our streets"! repeated ad infinitum. In response to any &amp; all Brexit protests.
I’ve got zero time for no dealers to be honest, I appreciate some people will still support brexit, but if are so dim as to support no deal, please unfollow me
Yeah it's being used as leverage - short of no Brexit max fac is the only solution or NI in EU orbit but not sure how you reconcile with GFA, ironically.
The things you learn. 85% of the UK's toilet paper is imported. In March &amp; April up to 75% of fresh fruit &amp; veg comes from abroad. "Consumers should expect changes. There will be higher prices and less available." #Brexit
Labour are now as bad as the Tories. Either utterly clueless incompetents or lying direct to camera. Brexit is a hard right project that will destroy working class communities. Labour should be fighting tooth and nail against it. I’m disgusted that they are instead helping.
I have 2 teenage boys who are about to head into Further Education. Can you list at least 3 bullet points what benefits Brexit brings to UK Universities?
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Theresa May should be forced to read this. ‘We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Brexit brings surprise boost for Bulgarian resorts
He made it clear today he wants brexit. He will use a positive vote of no confidence in the Govt as a mandate to include Brexit in the next Labour manifesto.
As Labour supports falls like leaves in a strong autumn breeze to ignominiously rot away, does the Labour Party have a future?
Hilarious is one way of looking at it. Sinister is another.
When it comes to Brexit, I am not really much of a fan of those Second World War metaphors but I might make an exception on this occasion
And if you need any more confirmation, read Hanna Arendt followed by Naomi Klein. They may make you even more angry though...#Brexit.
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
That blind spot persists school now, a sort of vote leave navel gazing. It continues to confound Brexit leaders and commentators, even though it's a very simple fact. Secondly, Theresa May didn't have a plan, she has a blackmail strategy, an empty bluff. And they've called it.
Look again at the activist Anna Soubrey praises - the hate mongering and fake shrills of leave being racist - its all over remain profile snow, far right, racist Brexit - it is all remain have left now Proj Fear evaporate day by day. Two years of lies, after lies lost the ref DOH
Sorry cant agree there, not a fan of Corbyns stances and apparent inability to find a comfy position regards Brexit but I see equally or much worse than Corbyns dismal and inadequate "interviews" given by an actual PM every Wednesday BBC2 at #PMQs #NoAnswers #trulyhasntaclue
Beep beep beep. Brexit bad.
brexit is cancelled. override order
In the age of Trump, Brexit &amp; les Gilets Jaunes, anything goes: Ivanka to run the World Bank, French govt accused of causing the gas explosion in Paris &amp; German car makers will (yet again) force EU to give in to British demands...Reminds me of "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World"
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
He was as close to say that they need us more than we need them!. Brexit Corbyn
Since all the Brexit campaign promises have proven to be false, what are the benefits of Brexit?
Perhaps we need HS2 to get Brexit protestors here from the North a lot quicker.
Pro-Brexit yellow vest rally 'organiser' was jailed for a 'frightening' armed kidnap plot via
That is all you got? have a fun week. #2ndreferendum "May says voting against Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in democracy"
By clicking “sign up” you agree to be emailed messages promoting Party policy by the Conservative Party e.g. A=Austerity, B=Brexit, C=Cambridge Analytica, D=Dark Money, etc. and for your responses to be used in accordance with our Data Collection and Use Policy. We won`t share...
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
Whichever way MPs vote on Brexit this week, London will still be London. #LondonIsOpen
In short, what's Corbyn's plan? A GE? He can't call one. If he could, he would lose. What then? Okay, let's say he does excactly win, what then? The deal is non-negoitiable. I ask again, what is Corbyn doing to stop a Brexit that hurts this country (that's any Brexit by the way)
MPs do not want May's Deal which keeps us half in and half out of the European Union. They also do not want a No Deal ie WTO terms which makes us leave the European Union fully. The only option they want is to cancel Brexit and keep us in the European Union?
tfw I, layperson clearly have far better grasp of Brexit fundamentals &amp; UK constitution than UK political establishment
Key word: currently. If Brexit is as bad as we have every reason to suspect, this fact will change.
Wow, he is completely deluded. The majority are now against Brexit as many recent polls show. All the supposed benefits have been shown be have been lies.
A beautiful searing thread. The UK seems to forget we can see them in this Brexit farago - even if they can’t see us.
So where wld May’s rotten Blackmail Brexit (or “No Deal”) get us? A shattered &amp; bitter UK, consisting of only England &amp; Wales. Accelerated economic decline. NHS collapsed. Foul food imports. Years of tedious haggling over new trade deals. No thanks – Parliament must #StopBrexit.
A few fact on a WTO #brexit the Brussels Broadcasting Club don't want you to know.
The political elite, particularly me, with my anti Brexit sh*t including the establishment have let people down across our country. #Marr Phew! Bloody fake news
To #RevokeA50 #RevokeArticle50 and take the time to find concensus. If after a couple of years or so we still think #brexit is a good idea, we'll have a much better chance of getting it right.
I've always been on the receiving end of riots, its going to be quite the experience being the one throwing the rocks if Parliament schemes to stop brexit. You better let that deaf/blind woman you have in charge know that the commoners aint happy.
The economics are simple. The wealthier will ride out Brexit, but the less well off will feel the pain sharply. is spot on! Resist, rebel and remain: why MPs should vote down this Brexit deal via
Brexit -
Answer the bloody questions will you?
Yes, unfortunately many interpreted the votes for Tories and votes for Labour as a votes for Brexit.
Kings of cocaine: how the Albanian mafia seized control of the UK drugs trade! Isn't it long past time to legalise &amp; control this market? The costs are too high to allow this situation to continue unabated. #Crime #UK #Drugs #Law #Brexit #Legalise
Absolute state of this fella #gammon
The selfish, elderly English Brexiters won't care, but perhaps others will listen. Thanks to EU MEPs for trying to help us Brits who are being stripped forcibly of our precious EU citizenship to please old miseries who made a mess in their lives but want someone else to blame.
Singapore hedge fund moves HQ to London. All this Brexit uncertainty is killing the city isn't it Remainers.
Concerning isn't the word I'd use. Perhaps we should use the word Democratic instead.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
3/ as government went into negotiations with a set of plans which one by one failed to be achieved, I would be making the case that the brexit plan was pure cakeism, and made the pragmatic case for remaining or looking to EFTA.
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
He’s a coward and he’s pro-Brexit.
Concerns like a failing NHS (100000 vacancies), rising rough sleeping (169% rise since 2010), highest in work poverty in UK history, underfunded education, failing railways. Brexit isn’t the biggest issue, I’m saying many members want a GE to deliver a radical Labour government
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan Could it be because Corbyn RESPECTS democracy? Novel idea to the liberals, granted, but still.
Both sides see Brexit as their big opportunity to break down everything and start in their new perfect image. One are disaster capitalists who want a low tax/state-free utopia; the other disaster socialists who want a high-tax/state heavy utopia. Utopias, sadly, don’t exist.
Call for clarity on UK's relationship with Switzerland after Brexit
I like the fact that this is from an idea by Tory flim-flam merchants the Saatchis, but they won't get a bloody penny piece from the image. The biter, bit. Pardon my French, but Bollocks to Brexit
No words for MP's like these
Karen Bradley: No-deal Brexit could create 'feelings of unrest'
I concur. They are trying their utmost to destroy a democratic referendum in which David Cameron said that Parliament would honour the outcome, whatever the outcome.
This would be a catastrophe. A useless and dangerous cabinet propped up by a Lib Dem party that clearly has no policy other than to climb into bed with any party that gets them into government
Was at the gig on Friday night. Sides were sore from laughing. They say laughter is the best medicine, so after Brexit, when we’re running short of drugs we might need to give you a call!
This would be a catastrophe. A useless and dangerous cabinet propped up by a Lib Dem party that clearly has no policy other than to climb into bed with any party that gets them into government
Prime Minister, 80% of constituents who’ve contacted me (2016 Leavers &amp; Remainers) think your Deal is rubbish. After two &amp; a half years of pandering to the DUP &amp; the Right of your own Party, please don’t lecture us on ‘breaches of trust’ now. I am voting against this lousy Deal.
Your weekly reminder that he's just not very bright.
Course you did. PS Leave lied and cheated.
Honestly i stay for the struggle and not me, if you said to me it's OK and best to leave id go today #Brexit
Is tis a permanent shift or just #Brexit related and when the next majority government arrives things will be reset? #Parliament
Brussels should stop playing hardball over Brexit and give Britain a better deal, top Polish politician blasts
Convincingly has to be 60%. No evidence that will happen and the polls look like the ones in 2015 that said Remain would win, then didn't. Watch those don't knows: they went Brexit. Plus young people don't vote and didn't vote in 2017 either!
The Brexit questions that make your head spin
The vote was for/against Brexit. The answer was go, so no more delay. We leave and now. The guilt of any imperfect/incomplete agreement rests with those undemocratic MPs who are more interested in their own fight for power and continue to spit their dummies
In spite of #Brexit, #London still ranks in the world’s biggest #RealEstate bubbles. Indeed, investors believe that exiting the EU won't really damage an #economy mainly made of financial and related professional services, for which London is a global hub:
#VoteThemOut - EACH &amp; EVERY ONE of THEM Obstructing #Democracy ! Our Leaders are Frauds &amp; #Dictators. We must purge the House of Commons ! #DirectDemocracy f/#Britian - where #WeThePeople decide Everything ! #TakeBackControl #StandUp4Democracy
You claimed that the reason nobody wants to vote for you is because the dust hasn't settled on Brexit. You clown.
One the best things about JC as he brilliantly demonstrated to Andrew Marr this morning is that he leads Labour based on his long held and deeply thought through values and not on what the MSM rabble tell him he should think and do. They will never overcome him, he outthinks them
He supports #brexit, just drawing it out to fool people. Love the body language, head at an angle, rigid, scripted, uncomfortable. He has no intention of remaining in something he things will interfere with his extremist plans for Britain.
BREAKING: Neil Warnock recalls Gary Madine from his loan spell at Sheffield United and immediately Loans him to Westminster as Brexit Secretary #Bluebirds
The best of UK politics with Theresa May, Jeremy Corbyn and Brexit | JOE... via
Yes, because we aren’t fed up with the type of politics that he represents or anything. Not like Brexit was a reaction to ilk like him. He represents what people are kicking out against.
So 600 MEPs don’t give a shit
‘s “don’t interrupt your enemy when they are making a mistake” is turning into “let’s just do the same as the Tories”. Tories are about to split but Labour will split up too if it campaigns on a pro-Brexit platform
November 2015
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
Brexit brings surprise boost for Bulgarian resorts
I'd love to see his thinking, as to how Brexit will make signing players easier.
David, it's your fellow colleges like #Grieves are attempting to kill #Brexit at all costs. ..the electorate isn't stupid not seeing what certain #MP's are doing.
Maybot, Corbot two sides of the same coin #Brexit
Yeah the half that don't want Brexit, probably more now, that's why people like you are running scared of asking the whole electorate if they actually want what's been negotiated because apparently you can have too much democracy.
The latest The pregnancy, yoga, health Daily! Thanks to #kindersachenbasarnet #brexit
R/T Feorlean: Indeed....UK Gov basing most of its plans on vague , and unjustified, “hopes” that solutions will be found ....Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal - BBC News
Lefty on most things especially Brexit, since when did Left wingers start supporting a corporate protectionist super state hand in hand with big business. Daffy Duck was less confused than you
35 Billion? Brexit is ALREADY costing us £26 Billion a year AND WE HAVEN'T EVEN LEFT YET? Is your slipper-make comment because you're only allowed work a max number of hours or because him impacts your JIT supply chain? I don't understand.
That would be democracy then? No guns, no murders, no punishment beatings, no intimidation, no threats, a peaceful coexistence, a choice......just like Brexit; that’s fine, a choice made through the ballot box.
#Brexit is funny as each side condemns the other for being undemocratic, when we all know this is a civil war with both sides trampling convention, precedent and weaponising such issues. You want democracy? A written constitution, STV voting &amp; review honours system as a start!
“PENTIONERS?!”
Rebuilding Britain from the ruins of a Brexit you have played a massive part in trying to deliver.
‘Leave or Remain?’ Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question
May warns halting Brexit would be catastrophic
I’d honestly take a Tory government until 2022 if Brexit was cancelled; so long as it keeps Corbyn out
Why and when did you decide staying in the Single Market is no longer a good idea when previously you said we should stay in?
Blatant, overt racism is now more prevalent in the UK than the most toxic days of the '70s. Seeing a lot of this here in the US too. It makes me want to cry.
Party above the national interest every time. Corbyn, May and both front benches should all be ashamed of themselves. They will NEVER be forgiven - NONE of them for trashing our country. We need a clean sweep once Brexit is stopped. #PeoplesVote
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Mind your own business, Meaden. Don’t be so nosey.
An accountable political elite that has acted in bad faith for most of the past two-and-a-half years, working toward an undemocratic outcome. The only clear-sighted aspect here is the hypcrisy of John 'Brexit will turn Britain into North Korea' Major.
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
"Get out of it all." Elon Musk has a spaceship to Mars you might be interested in ... Tell us, Daft Grandpa, 1 EU law that made your life so unbearable you'd vote to leave the EU Alternatively, tell us 1 single, verifiable positive (not a "feeling") that #Brexit will give the UK
And still...the MSM remains silent on this. Do they really think the world is not on Twitter &amp; we don't all rely on the #FakeNews ??
But you said brexit negotiations and I don't believe anybody could do worse.
Best thing about this is that no-one will have a job in Cardiff post brexit to afford to go the games! Oh the irony
Yeah, I mean even my lecturers are sick of it at this point. Brexit has became an all encompassing issue on the UK political agenda and we need to get this phase over so we can deal with important domestic legislation. May’s deal is and will be the only deal, it needs to pass
Reality CZECH! What is Jacob Rees-Mogg doing in Prague just hours ahead of BREXIT VOTE?
It’s down to the government,using the EU as a scapegoat just suits certain people s agenda,Be it the government or people arguing for Brexit.We will just staff the NHS from Asian countries in reality
I say this because if we're left with a choice between the Brexit deal we all hate and EU membership. I don't want to hear people complaining it's undemocratic. We voted to leave the EU. The deal does that. (No Deal is democratically illegitimate as we were promised a good deal)
But 5 trillion waiting to get in. 1x5 ratio! I can live with that. Bye EU. U will eaten from the inside/out.
The bloke is a complete tool.
Why would brexit stop people travelling to work in the UK. Is that what happened before the common market or the European union??
If you're a remainer better look elsewhere.
No. any #Brexit makes the UK poorer and will embolden the far right. #stopBrexit is the only option
Parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit - pro-EU party leader - Reuters
I love it how the British Tories say they need to defeat Jeremy Corbin, yet tied their hands in keeping May in. Brexit or not, she’ll send them over the cliff &amp; into electoral wilderness. She’s far too poisonous for their party’s brand, she must be gone for them to succeed.
But the Conservative party know exactly what #brexit is, because their glorious leader explained it to them in all the detail their pretty little heads could cope with: "#brexit means #brexit".
I’ve voted all my life, but unless you back a #PeoplesVote and to Stop Brexit I will never vote Labour again.
There is a bit more of UK outside Pudsey, just saying....
Reality CZECH! What is Jacob Rees-Mogg doing in Prague just hours ahead of BREXIT VOTE? - - LIKE &amp; RETWEET
Jeremy will back brexit and is trying to work out how to tell the party. May will back any plan that ends FOM.
#Brexit: “The ‘leave’ campaign argued for a restoration of full parliamentary sovereignty. Now parliament is doing just that by ‘taking back control’ of #Brexit. Ha!”
No to no deal. No to May’s deal. No to Brexit. #NewProfilePic
He's got history in that dept.
He talks sense but a no deal Brexit wouldn't even begin to be worth it unless it was a Labour government taking over - minus the Blairites.
Bingo! Another brexit bingo slogan card completed.
Picking up on people's grammar is crass though isn't it. Anyway, back to the point again. Parliament can't stop Brexit and parliament can't stop No deal. Acts are Law, the rest is froth &amp; fury.
Anyone who says, ‘there is a risk #Brexit might be lost is conceding that a majority of the electorate now wish to Remain and therefore that they wish to force through Brexit against the wishes of the majority. Fair enough,but don’t claim ‘respect’ or democracy as justification.
You argue against yourself. You are opposed to a no deal Brexit. A no deal Brexit is what your chaps is after. In his own way he is seeking to support May in winding the clock down. I should have thought you would have seen the benefits of Yvette Cooper as Leader
The only reason that the locals did not intervene was knowing full well that the law would have dealt them a much much heaver hand than it would too this Pig, who was obviously raised under the apartheid South African regime...This is FEAR...this is what BREXIT has caused..
The potential for Brexit to be a shitshow increases bubyhe day
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote - the guardian
Neil Warnock attitude is reminiscent of those who only want brexit cause they hate foreigners. The hidden racism always spews out one way or another.
That's excellent? It's a lie. Suggest you watch Corbyn's interview on Marr to get the actual truth as opposed to the co-creator of Austerity's version of it. Cable is a disgrace, he helped create the conditions that brought us Brexit in 1st place &amp; has 8% in the Polls ffs.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
Not true. Some of the costs are well known. Monetary and otherwise. You can’t really get away with saying ‘let’s suck it and see’. Brexit has never once been able to sell itself as being to our benefit. Not once. It’s merely said things like ‘it’ll be fine’. ‘Let’s see’.
He is a thick dumpling ignoramus typical of the type who voted for #brexit He needs to read Adam Smith 'Wealth of Nations' no country can exist as an isolated island without doing trade with its neighbours. Clown!
Party above the national interest every time. Corbyn, May and both front benches should all be ashamed of themselves. They will NEVER be forgiven - NONE of them for trashing our country. We need a clean sweep once Brexit is stopped. #PeoplesVote
This gringotts goblin fella always have something shit to say eh
#ECHR 'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of #Brexit deal vote - #Pensions #Health #economy
Do it, S.
#SundayMorning next week is not going to be kind to the FTSE LONDON (Reuters) British Prime Minister Theresa May warned lawmakers on Sunday that failing to deliver Brexit would be catastrophic for democracy, in a plea for support two days before parliament is expected to vote
You could. But you'll just sound like a sound like a fanny
See, old people like this are determining the future for the younger generation. It's disgusting.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
It is not just many of us that feel oppressed many EU citizens do too it is why their are the troubles in France etc but it is not a case of waling away from brexit as it has it's pluses it as he said needs reform
Mmmm austerity has workrd out so well huh? Let's see how #Brexit affects this even more...
They also reported the Sheffield anti Brexit protest. Either they are nervous of a new government or Mays government has told them to soften up the Brexiters for a delay in Brexit or offer of a customs union?
This is why democracies dont work.. you can simply keep holding a new referendum until you acheive the desired result. USA is a constitutional republic for this very reason. Many are trying to subvert that. #tcot
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
I am so grateful to have found you! IMO, Brexit was Putin's Beta experiment, and Bannon was front and center making sure it passed. I have been sounding alarms about him ever since the election, when I began a four-month-long project to create my own Trump/Russia timeline. What
Just for clarity. The ministry and the Secretary of State are looking at abolishing these sentences. Nothing has been enshrined into law. That is not to say it is a good initiative but, like Brexit, it is far from a done deal
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here …Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
$1 trillion is leaving Britain because of Brexit
Brexit has caused shite accounts to become political ffs
What's the point of having a ge no one wants that we want a people's vote on brexit and Corbyn has already said he'll still plough on with negotiating leave , plus the thought of Corbyn and Abbott sends chills of horror up my spine
What an idiot! It would be funny if it wasn't gravely serious...
Windy weather is brexit.
Yes, he’s my go to first on all things Brexit!
Brexiters ignorance knows no bounds
On LBC? Mmm....Does anyone really think he'll say anything of any consequence, any substance or will it be bluff and bluster? He'll play to the Brexit Jehadist camp in hope of increased popularity and even a hope of the PM's job? #savemycareer
This is not a Parliamentary Petition and will not force Government to debate it, so who is going to actually deselect Anna Soubry? If you know something I don't, please tell me.
Because everyone else publicly known is tied and can't say what i do or has the same journey for you all to see #Brexit
He will not back a #PeoplesVote
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
I can't see the reason why any remainer would support #labour and still get the same #Brexit that would devastate our society and country. I am a Labour voter, there is no home for me in a party full of might be, and could happen.
‘Brexit has poured water on the dry seeds of racism.’ Beautiful way of describing something that is truely chilling.
Bunch of ignorants. Right, left and centre. Attenborough should comment in a documentary on the modern history of Europe. People might learn something! #Brexit #StopBrexit #ignorant
European-based Brits. It's not going to be an easy ride if we leave the EU, that's for sure. Lack of opportunity, lack of security, lack of representation, lack of money. Let's #RevokeArticle50
Because the JC cultists want to follow him off a cliff rather than realising working to stop brexit would see them win a GE.
Speaker John Bercow hurled insults at aides and binned their advice
Notorious bottom-dweller...
A vote to stop Brexit would not be undemocratic. Voting is the most democratic act there is. Look it up.
If this is what stands for clear political thinking, post Brexit, we are buggered.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit -
SNP's Ian Blackford urges MPs to block Brexit deal #Scotland
I can only imagine that my local MP agrees with everything that Katie Hopkins says here or why else would he support a No Deal Brexit? #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
. What you are attempting is to thwart Brexit because you think that you know better than 17.4 million 'stupid' people. Well, you don't know anything for sure. State your case and then accept majority rule. Either that or step down before your electorate reject you.
Like I said many times, until we star hanging them they will never listen and as we won't it will continue to our demise as free people. END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
Neil Warnock looks like the type of man who takes tins of baked beans with him on holiday because he refuses to eat ‘foreign muck’.
I feel the same - I haven’t lived in the U.K. for almost 20 years and am still completely gobsmacked that so many people were stupid enough to vote for this. ‘We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
“We are being abandoned” - Britons in the EU ahead of the Brexit deal vote
DRUDGE_REPORT: LAST 72 HOURS? May could be out Wednesday if she loses Brexit vote... #ycot #tcot #pjnet #conservative
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Remain is better than any Brexit, deal or no deal.
Appalling.
It is inexplicable that otherwise intelligent people are so terrified of the UK leaving the EU club to operate like a normal country.
never mind your advice anne - what advice have u got to stop corbyn and his london based cronies getting into power cause if the y do we all know THERE WONT BE ANY BREXIT
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
Of course not. Any Brexit is harmful. A Norway Brexit brings several downsides including the UK going from being one of the big three countries setting direction to just being a rule taker and having no say. It would be madness to support
Absolutely right... As I have said for months now, JC is salivating for a no deal Brexit and hoping that T.May will get the blame. It's not gonna happen. We can see right through you Jeremy. Another thing.. you will lose any General Election in a very embarrassing manner.
what we need is to Leave the EU. We can deal with everything else once we have left. Your failure to the labour voter to deliver Brexit will be the death of labour and that of the conservatives. 17.4 million people will create a new party.
Regularly uses the derogatory label "Remoaner" to describe those who oppose Brexit......and then complains about the damage done by Identity politics.
It's like the entire country has collapsed into a morass of confusion and lies. But hey, lucky we didn't elect the guy who ate a bacon sarnie, which gives you some idea of the lack of thought that goes into casting a vote.
Hopefully with a lot less radical Muslims :) Read the Koran people , know your enemy
#VoteThemOut - EACH &amp; EVERY ONE of THEM ! Time for #DIRECTDEMOCRACY in #Britain !
BREXIT is a "god given opportunity" for the USA to steal trade from the UK says Trumps US Commerce secretary hopeful.
Is it possible that a relatively small group of elites mainly the ones who covertly signed us into the web of this dubious cabals protection racket that gives them immunity from the law carte blanche to cover up any iniquities attached to their future and past be judge and jury..
FYI Richard Leonard
If this illegal, foreign-funded #Brexit debacle was happening anywhere else in the world our political elite would be loving it. It isn’t. It is the United Kingdom ripping itself to shreds and the Party Politicking has to stop! Now. It is treason! Sensibly, simply #Remain
Stop debating Brexit with far right wankers. What are you expecting her to say? She doesn’t represent everyone that voted to leave
Ignoring democratic decisions taken by the people just because you don't like them, doesn't allow for happy endings either.
God this woman is so awful! Had no answers for Q's put her....people won't feel proud of their country if they can't flourish, or survive within it! Feelings aren't food on the table
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Billions of pounds have been spent trying to make that pig fly. Even if Brexit were canceled there’d be absolutely no basis for claiming the referendum result was ignored.
Never voting Conservatives again. They have refused to deliver Brexit and will always will block Brexit. We have more chance of Brexit with Corbyn - as he relies on Leave voting constituencies and must exit the ÉU a to be able to implement his nationalisation policies
I agree with . If May's deal is rejected later this week (which it will be), she should resign and call an immediate General Election (she won't). If there's no election, let's get behind a #PeoplesVote and make the case to Remain.
He's an avowed Remainer and will do and say anything to stop Brexit. Another useless, has been politician dug up and used to thwart what ordinary people voted for.
‘They think it’s like signing up to Netflix’ – Plan for Norway-style Brexit alternative criticised -
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
'Leave or Remain?' Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question
He is a thick dumpling ignoramus typical of the type who voted for #brexit He needs to read Adam Smith 'Wealth of Nations' no country can exist as an isolated island without doing trade with its neighbours. Clown!
When no deal Brexit happens, and I can no longer get my Humira, I genuinely don’t think I’m gonna be able to stay in the UK. Life without Humira is hell. I’m in agony because of my arthritis, it takes all my energy to leave bed. And that’s not even starting on the Crohn’s.
What irony....British Jews look to Germany for Brexit ‘insurance policy’ – POLITICO
But we would have Brexit
People seem to be really into Brexit and just being English these days.
They can and will be implemented. What do you think that as soon as we Brexit the ground will open up and swallow is whole? If there is a general election and you have the chance who are you going to vote for? Labour is the only party looking out for the little people.
Brexit poster child...clown
Well put: The Observer view on Jeremy Corbyn’s need to show some leadership on Europe
Poor syntax and use of capitals
The pantomime Tory toffs that the English working class vote for sold them a brexit pup . I’d find it all an enjoyable watch if it wasn’t going to affect my children so badly.
I will say this, the politicians of this country will have horrible marks on their souls if they betray Brexit for their own ends! Parliament is the servant of the people, not the other way round!
Brexit does not change WTO rules.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
' Neil Warnock on Brexit: 'I can't wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world': • Cardiff manager attacks government's handling of Brexit talks• 'I can't wait to get out. We're better off out of the bloody thing'Neil Warnock has used a post-.. '
I think the Brexit farce shows that this narrative, while persuasive, is unlikely to be borne out in reality. Some people want to create a heirarchy of Nationalism, with Scottish Nationalism somehow more noble than English. But it is the same destructive force.
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
The only Brexit on the table should be no deal wto rules, anything else wouldn't be leaving the corrupt eu
REVEALED: MP admits he will DEFY his own Leave constituency with pledge to CANCEL BREXIT
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
Spot on!
Brexit Divorce Bill and when it is paid
Even whilst making an absolute Horlicks of the Brexit process, Britain is capable of far more than Dominic Raab
Of course she has. Who on earth has failed to see this all along? Surely no one out there actually believed she ever wanted Brexit?
BREXIT.
Before that near 20 years to late think you call out the Cons regards Mays abuse exploitations of victims of crime injured parties etc given she has done so to get from MP to HS to Brexit PM and you know this too as Lab in power when it first began in 99 &amp; Lab nicked a safe seat
Brussels to send backstop letters as May battles to save Brexit deal
Bit of a long footnote needed for that Guardian entry
Why? For another Brexit? You seriously think people will vote for someone they think is a 70s Trotsky? #Sittingonthefence
You and I would not get on, we wouldn't be friends, we'd disagree politically on many many things (but not Brexit). But I'd support you to the ends of the earth with these idiots.
Its only the greedy self centred people that wont accept Brexit that are causing the problems!
NO deal WALK AWAY,
Parklife. My boo. My ‘absolute’ when times get tough, especially now given everything I am going through. She doesn’t care about cancer, Brexit or anything else apart from giving me love…
always gives a good account of himself &amp; the Lib Dems, unlike Corbyn, who is still sitting on the fence; clearly if in power, he’d be hard pressed to satisfy all Lab MPs &amp; members, as well as the EU itself &amp; as for the #Brexit Secretary “Give us a straight answer, please!” #Marr
Why do you think he resigned? He didn’t agree with the final strategy. The fella did try for 2 years but ultimately May (remainer) wanted soft Brexit or no Brexit.
Very sad! Unfortunately, I believe Brexit will open up Britain to unwanted Russian and Chinese influence and unfavorable trade deals if it's not reversed... especially in a no-deal scenario.
Leave with NO deal Theresa! 300,000 sign petition demanding PM leave EU and scrap deal pls keep signing &amp; RTing plus share on all platforms please MSM has completely ignored this petition
I already some are people saying this is a ploy, the EU obviously need us, this means we're going to be great after Brexit if they need us this bad. It's sort of sweet to see this but I also feel like they should snub usat very turn possible.
This isn’t a bad idea....
I think everyone knows what this means then. Thanks for making it so clear #FailingGrayling
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain
On Monday morning, the Tories will be mourning, on Tuesday Theresa May's Deal will collapse into the remnants of rubble..
That’s an interesting viewpoint, but it has nothing to do with Brexit
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
#UnitedKingdom #England: #NoDeal exit now ! or be scuttled into oblivion in the deep waters of history. YOU decide now or THEY will forever! #BrexitNow #StopEU #Yellowvests #GiletsJaunes #YellowUprising #EuropeOfNations
Couldn’t love Warnock anymore if I tried
'It's going to be soon, don't worry': Jeremy Corbyn hints he could launch bid to oust May THIS WEEK as he demands a general election to resolve Brexit crisis and soon he will wake up and it will all have been a dream.
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
Well stated
That's always their core argument If there is a GE arising out of Brexit I wonder might they reconsider their policy? Another tight HoC? Join with SNP &amp; PC , more votes than DUP!
if yourself, Abbot and Lammy get into government this country is completely finished I won’t want to live here any more and I certainly don’t want my grandchildren living here ,
Europe's dreams of integration are slipping away as the people wake up from the nightmare erected for them ... A hard Brexit is the stuff of nightmares for Davos Crowd Tough init, we've had enough of thieving Davos parasites, living off our backs
Having worked in chemicals, energy, waste &amp; other manuf &amp; environmental sectors for nearly 30 years I disagree with your summary as not my experience. Brexit will cause huge harm to UK SMEs, agric &amp; fishermen who trade with EU - paying for C88s, Certs, AEOs etc don’t need now.
Well duh. They're voting about Brexit, not about changing the capital's name?
Yes we joined the EEC (Not ec) but that has morphed from a trading group that was a very good thing to this political nightmare that seeks to remove the sovereignty of its members, take control of its armies, tell us what we can and cannot say, do, eat. No thanks #Brexit
How can it be construed any other way? 1. People voted for Brexit 2. So Brexit should happen If #2 doesn't happen than the government is no longer obeying the will of the people and there should be a reckoning of which hasn't been seen since America rose against the Crown.
Carlow #LocalEnterprise Office has a range of supports to help you to address issues and maximise potential opportunities when preparing for #Brexit . Find details at … #MakingItHappen #inCarlow
What's the bloody point then? It's already negotiated, the tit
You got the few and the many in the wrong places with your leaders stance on Brexit
May aides accuse MPs of bombshell Brexit 'coup' after eavesdropping in cloakroom
Reality CZECH! What is Jacob Rees-Mogg doing in Prague just hours ahead of BREXIT VOTE?
Yep. But we have a constitution which is good at crises. A way through will be found eventually.
But the company directors state that brexit wasnt the only reason in the article
#brexit In case of #NoDealBrexit here’s to you Costco's 27-Pound Mac And Cheese 'Storage Bucket' With 20-Year Shelf Life Sells Out. Who said #GovernmentShutdown can’t travel the Atlantic ?
Chris Failing is a 'void' in government...
Perhaps you should just hockle at them
The protests will come, Brendan, as the political class stumbles on. Afraid they'll be violent
Colossal incompetence / screw up trumps conspiracy 99.9999% of the time
Nope. You're wrong and he's right. Brexit makes the UK weak. As a country, we will never have felt such weakness once outside the EU. No sand and healthy country CHOOSES weakness over strength. Revoke now before that horrific deal of May's (or some variation thereof) is passed
So pro-Brexit he voted his eyebrows to leave his face!
For crying out loud I never called you a racist. Exactly the opposite in fact. I asked: of the racists you know, are any anti Brexit? If my English is not clear apologies. But please double check posts.
Incorrect. However you've had over two years to safeguard the British people with a reasonable Brexit deal and have utterly failed. Your parties government is incompetent.
What the problem with the negotiations about Brexit was that all the UK negotiations were being done by Remainers instead of Brexiteers. The UK PM didn't think or understand that this should have been negotiated with Brexiteers politicians.
Nothing about how ideology, money, and influence act together in the civic sphere has changed post-Cambridge Analytica/Brexit/Facebook scandal. 2020's going to be here before we blink and both the UK and the US are underprepped and unprotected.
Despite Brexit....
Not to mention this is likely affected by the rise of zero hours contracts, and the sharp decline in EU migration since Brexit was announced. That will provide a short term boost as the size of our workforce decreases, it will not be enough when firms start to leave in force.
Brexit policy has been determined by conference, &amp; JC is following that. Policy on social security has moved since 2017 manifesto much better position on the truly dreadful UC. Active industrial strategy, £10 min wage, workers rights from day 1 Austerity is dead (apparently)
I get depressed sometime reading about your wall and our Brexit, but l know we are both right and guarantees our countries security. Then l think of the stupid people who think open borders and diversity works,east Europeans no about socialism and no it doesn’t work. US stay free
The fix is in, it was never planned to be a BREXIT, but rather a new election where the outcome would be to stay in EU. The present BREXIT proposal is made not to be acceptable. In the mean time, a focused BREXIT election campaign to stay in EU has been preparing the new election
Give the PM job to Warnock. But only to the end of the season.
Sitting on the fence as usual. #Labour failing.
‘Only UK party rejecting EU exit’ you’re very wrong there. I would expect someone from Fife to understand the SNP have rejected #brexit &amp; are the most effective opposition!
Tbf there are quite a few while not being totally sold on cancelling Brexit have held up their hands and said some of what the believed about EU was wrong. But others it is a complete banging head against wall exercise and I surely can’t do it anymore.
MPs Attempting to Wrest Control of Brexit! via
Fine, as long as you stop Brexit!
Interesting.....
Bloody hell. Please educate . I do not apreciate labour using rightwing frames,certainly not when they are in lead of the remain campain! Get it togetter mr Corbyn European Convention on Human Rights is there to protect human rights
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
Notice this guy isn't being nicked though
Project Fear.
Ian Herbert, CEO of : "the UK needs to once again become the independent, entrepreneurial trading nation that 17.4 million people voted to see"
Superb thread on Brexit / EU from one of the best informed and connected commentators on the subject
I think looming no deal will focus minds. Also I guess these opinions are shaped by whether you believe Brexit of a GE are more important.
Well Jacob, get some balls and get May and the rest of the traitors out of the picture and get this done, or we will say goodbye to the UK within five years, you know it as do I
According to estimates, around 75% of constituencies that were won by the Conservatives in the 2017 general election voted to Leave, while around 61% of Labour constituencies voted to Leave. #Brexit #WTOBrexit #NoDeal #nodealnoproblem
Location of the holiday homes of pro-WTO MPs discovered in Finland. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #WTOBrexit
In a final act of betrayal, a cross-party Remainer alliance has conspired to kill off Brexit via
I like your logic. So no Brexit would be better than a bad Brexit and no Mogg would be better than a bad Mogg. Yes let’s do it.
I love The Duran ( ) Podcast with | PART 3: A delay in #BREXIT Article 50 may be on its way, let's play it!
Remainer MPs plot Brexit 'coup' to take control of Commons business
WTO it is then! Brexit delivered! Sorted!
Rubbish ? What happened to UKIP the party set up to deliver Brexit ? Again our democracy is by the election of MPs who people believe will represent them in parliament for all things Inc Brexit. Pro remain MPs were voted for. Like it or not.
I'm a true blue Conservative voter, but should a general election happen before brexit is done I'll be voting for the candidate that supports leaving, regardless of the party. (My constituency voted to leave comfortably)
a frickin' LIABILITY ...
How is it trivial to point out that Corbyn has given an interview on national TV by completely misstating a fundamental and basic fact about the EU? And he expects people to take him seriously about his plans for Brexit...?
Has the Speaker misled the House?
Acts are Law, the rest is froth and fury, as I keep telling you.
In the Sunday Express, Mrs May says "It is time to forget the games and do what is right for our country", after unexpectedly withdrawing the #Brexit vote despite saying it will take place, and after refusing to publish #Brexit legal advice against the will of the
always gives a good account of himself &amp; the Lib Dems, unlike Corbyn, who is still sitting on the fence; clearly if in power, he’d be hard pressed to satisfy all Lab MPs &amp; members, as well as the EU itself &amp; as for the #Brexit Secretary “Give us a straight answer, please!” #Marr
Warnocks thoughts on brexit confirmed if I needed it that he is complete and utter cock womble !
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
David Lammy: “There is no left-wing justification for Brexit”
If there was ever a stronger endorsement for staying IN the EU, this is it...
I am sorry Sunny. You seemed to have gone against the idea of stopping Brexit. The discussion seemed to be about Brexit before a General Election. I assumed wrong that you wanted Corbyn first, sorry. My message is Brexit is bad in any way, shape or form. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Those benefits keep on coming.
Sad but true
For a chance of one of Neil Warnock's teams to be successful, he ought to have said, "to hell with rest of the solar system".
#ToriesOut #GeneralElectionNow worst gov in living memory!
'Leave or Remain?' Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question
To be replaced by "we'd have been fine if we'd done Brexit properly", "it's all the EU's vote for not giving us a deal deal" and "if only Remoaners had got behind Brexit"
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal Minister says none of Parliament’s alternatives respect the will if the people but opposed asking people
Neil Warnock on Brexit: 'I can't wait to get out. To hell with the rest of the world' The funny thing here is that Tory Brexiters have largely tried to sell this as ditching the EU and "joining the rest of the world". Warnock's view here is the kind they've actually encouraged.
I can't believe the British or should I say the English voted for this shit! #Brexit #idiots #marr
that would be true if her deal offered #Brexit . It doesn't. #LetsGoWTO
Radioactive
Read the article. I like that it majors on the problems of the bits of the north that are not doing well. I disagree strongly with the 'JC playing a blinder' line as I believe that is purely hope over experience. The areas that have it tough now will be worse post Brexit
Can May do the same over her handling of Brexit
To be fair the mayor is a bigger problem than #Brexit
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote whinge despite assurances from EU countries that their rights won’t be affected - the guardian
My daughter is off to Australia for 6 months in Feb. Brexit hasn't stopped that. You only want what's best for you, and that's selfish. You chose to make Germany your home. Live with it.
Got to have someone else to blame. Eire is one of 27 countries who don't want Brexit. You &amp; your ilk are the culprits - destroy UK in the name of patriotism?
I'm not, they are, but not enough. Collusion with Brexit is not the solution for the many or the few.
Express: 'Poor old' Jon Snow MOCKED as Brexit debate 'backfires' with high number of young LEAVERS. via
What about his owner that pays his wages and half of his squad from ‘the rest of the world’ - fucking clown
Absolutely blood sucking parasites!!
Brexit is a "breach of trust".
Revealed: Commons Plot to seize control from May Rebellion Branded A Very British Coup (what another one) UK is in the midst of a really dangerous crisis of democracy... Will the Crown protect the People from this? We need a new Constituion &amp; Politics
The caption reads fears, but the picture says otherwise. "Oh, we're enjoying our holiday, wish you were here with us, whilst you freezing your arse off kinda face"
I wish for you all to discover your passions in life, to see the world as it was intended- #brexit wishes you to never follow that rainbow- it breaks hearts- it’s like a load of suppressed or kept sealed with out being enjoyed! #colour
Ex CTO of Cambridge Analytical is running ads on Face Book. Do you need a better reason to FBexit?
don’t think corbyn has any chance of being prime minister after his brexit antics
Diamond Digs is out! #paid #brexit
i.e Ireland???
The brits deserve another vote! #trump needs to be impeached.
We surveyed 11 banks on what Tuesday's #Brexit vote may mean for the pound. It's far from straightforward: via
Ahead of Vote, UK PM May Warns it Would Be Catastrophic to Halt Brexit #Newsmax via
Perhaps he understands the value of democracy better than you lot do
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
What does being paid by a Malaysia and using players from foreign nations have to do with being pro-brexit? Being pro brexit isn’t being racist do people still not understand that?
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
But how is that better than what we have now? Labour may as well revoke A50 because their form of Brexit goes against what 17 million people voted for. I too voted Remain, but Labour haven't got a clue where they stand on Brexit as a party.
Surprising new evidence shows the UK is actually united on Brexit By
Labour MP says he will ‘likely’ back May’s Brexit deal after being wooed with workers’ rights promises
UK parliament may revoke Article 50 to stop no-deal #Brexit: pro-EU party leader
Even talks sense on this. Fuck brexit
Lovely take down of the appalling Kate Hopkins.
If this lot of traitors to democracy manage to overturn the Brexit vote I hope they will be rioting in the streets, and I hope the crowd comes for them.
Another jumped up civil servant.
EU chief offers to help May in countdown to Brexit vote, within limits
Was this Neil?
The new pure Brexit manager, gone of the days of Dychey, say hello to the era of Warnock
If Scotland leaves, will it be Sexit?
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
Corbyn will still be saying that on March 30th A vote for under Corbyn is a vote for a Pro-Brexit party
Brexit: SNP will seek to revoke Article 50 after the deal is defeated - #Resist #RevokeA50 #Rebuild #FBPE #StopBrexit -
How do you prepare for #Brexit? Our first #webinar of 2019 looks at how #UKbiz can prepare for potential changes around #customs and #VAT on Wednesday -
This is Mays "get out of jail free" card - Not at all set up to save her embarrassment before she steps down.
Then the Republican Party will lose. By that time the internationalists will have lost power in Europe and the EU will be in disarray. Financial markets will feel the sting of non-compliance. This will impact the US, just like Brexit did. Nothing will stop this change!
Well I'd rather vote for Labour but not with there present stance on Brexit. It's a deal breaker for me.
Brexit has exposed a lot of people for what they are, and their true agenda for the rest of us.
- wtf is this monstrosity? Are you intentionally trying to damage society? Really? Vegan Sausage Rolls, seriously? The most embarrassing thing since #Brexit. Need to keep the #boycottGreggs campaign going on strong. #sausageRollsLivesMatter
please oppose #brexit completely and unequivocally. It’s electoral cyanide for
Darren says why do you all hate our democracy and sovereignty ? We had a people's vote and Brexit was a yes....
And if you translate that into readership % it would be about 90% Brexit and under 10% Remain. Just shows the power the media have in UK. And owned by so few people...
Excellent. I think it will take a few rounds (numerous throws of the dice and quite a few stiff drinks) but we will finally end up at "Brexit happens with May's deal". I'm not convinced the probability of parliament voting for PV is as high as you suggest (even in a crisis).
The point, naturally, is to get rid of a government that refuses to accept its policies are killing UK citizens every day. This is more important even that Brexit. Or would you rather Remain under a Tory government?
"With Great Britain leaving the EU, how much space will be freed up?" — "1 GB." #brexit #cleanup #jokes
Exactly! We voted out. What gets me is people are very quick to critisis the deal on the table but not one person has brought a new deal to the table all people seem to do is critisis the PM at every turn, people need to remember David Cameron brought on this Brexit mess.
Brexit means Brexit! Get over it Remoaner! #Brexit #BrexitMeansBrexit
We haven’t heard enough about the possibility’s of brexit because of all the remoaning
People do not want a general election or another people’s vote, we’ve had two already. Enough is enough just carry out the vote of 17.4 million people and respect democracy!
While we head for Brexit it looks like the EU is dividing into two powerful factions.
Or even players from North America! I agree on that. I said after Brexit it would if anything help US players in UK-based leagues. Though England has proven to be a bad place, even big clubs for young US players to develop in the past.
Neil Warnock urges government to deliver Brexit and says he ‘can’t wait to leave’ I can almost forgive home for turning Chelsea down at the last minute all those years ago and lumbering us with Ian Porterfield....almost.....
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Sure you've already perused this Mark, but if not, it's worth a read Again like me he offers no solutions, but he defines the problems we face excellently
Brussels should stop playing hardball over Brexit and give Britain a better deal, top Polish politician blasts
They didn't vote to be poorer...
We don't need no eddukashun!
Parliament is Sovereign, elected representatives of the people. It could overturn Brexit on its own without reference to the referendum. It can do this because we the sovereign people of the UK gave it powers to do this on our behalf. If you disagree with Parliament change it.
Ironically for the first time on my lifetime due to growth and improved education we were seeing real jobs and investment in the north and regions, Brexit uncertainty has killed that growth.
For the record I want a Labour gov. But it won’t happen until Corbyn et al rejects Brexit. And all forms of Brexit will destroy the poorest and working class communities. Only the rich and 1% will earn from it as always.
Fucking dick of a guy ... this is why the uk is fucked due to #Brexit with trumpets like this spouting racist shite ... he should’ve got banged out for that ,chicken mayo to the eye brow #racistcunt #BrexitShambles #IndyRef2
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
-"People want things to get better. That's not going to happen." -"I think it is." -"Why?" -"Cos I LOVE #Brexit!" #Brexiteers don't do philosophy but they are the characters in Ionesco's Rhinoceros.
I will take on the far right! #blockbrexit #Brexit #idiots
//WOTV NEWS//: LAST 72 HOURS? May could be out Wednesday if she loses Brexit vote...
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of #Brexit deal vote #BritsinEU #citizensrights
Once we get rid of the illegals drug gangs Muslim paedo gangs robbers and teach Africans to stop stopping each other to death then the real Londoners can sleep at night you were only born in London you have no London culture you can be born in a stable it doesn't make you a horse
this is why nobody likes grumpy old people
Transport Secretary GRILLED after Brexit stunt flop – ‘Can’t even organise a traffic jam!'
thanks Gary for brining to light the utter madness of brexit! I wish more celebrities would be brave enough to speak to their followers about the destruction that leaving the EU will do. Top fella!
Brexiteer says "Brussels on 'cliff edge of disaster' and Brexit is NOT t... via
Hopefully him and will finally acknowledge the illegal activity that led to the Brexit vote and together decide that withdrawing article 50 notification and staying in the EU is the way to go. Though I'm not too optimistic, I must admit!
There is talk of delaying Brexit because we cannot be ready by 29th March. Whose fault is that ? Brexit HAS been delayed - by Two &amp; a Half years. We should have been out in 2016. No more delays. No more kicking the can down the road. OUT. ASAP.
He’s defo in the bacon brigade
Britain, 2019. What the hell is going on?
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
Not Delivering a FULL Brexit will be the Failure. #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit #WESTMINSTER
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
They needed to decide Brexit was *before* they triggered Article 50. There needed a consensus *then* so we wouldn't be trying to decide *now* - 2 months before we're due to leave!
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
If there's one Premier League manager you'd expect to be pro-Brexit, it's Neil Warnock
There isnt and never was any consensus and she pours oil on the fire for self survival. Theresa May warns of 'catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust' if Britain remains in EU
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit via
Is this guy for real ?
Absolutely right. This kind of informative article by the #Brexiter Sunday Telegraph is irresponsible. It leads people away from the Brussels Broadcasting Club aspiration of total EU dominance.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit #topNews
29/n - The backstop is a symptom, not a cause, of the Brexit crisis. Very informative, by , who is also seeking reader feedback more generally:
PeterMurrell: RT tomfrench85: SNP Westminster Leader IanBlackfordMP tells BBCPolitics Parliament must reject Theresa May’s damaging deal, rule out a No Deal Brexit, and move ahead with a second EU referendum with the opportunity to remain in the EU #bbcs…
I see your point but, JC cannot move left nor right without the press obliterating him, TM is doing a great job at showing CONservative true colours. Let’s not forget they called for it, let them get themselves out! Labour around the country are Brexit, results too close to call1
If the people of England do not put her out they will be slaves to the EU forever.
One thing Brexit has done is end the myth about a hard left Labour party when Dominic Grieve snaps his fingers Labour MPs jump like puppets on a string
It will always be the wrong kind of Brexit
I think it’ll be straight forward meeyyyy
It's the working classes who have nothing to fear, let the rich bite their nails and the middle classes throw their toys out the pram - Brexit is the best chance we have had in generations to close the class divide.
There are many worse headlines. This headline says how it CAN be dangerous, not that it IS. So I don’t agree with your issue. A case can be made that both sides exploited the “direct democracy” aspect of Brexit. The question remains, is further direct democracy required?
If they were not continental one might turn to bidets but I suppose it’s going back to the best use for the express and the mail all over seems almost poetic that #Brexit may end up backing shit into everyone’s house!
Feels like this spoof sketch is fast becoming reality. The Go Home Office #Brexit #WeAreChange
I do wonder if some of the current MPs are up to the task of ‘taking back control’, because they are so used to taking direction from the EU instead. I suspect there are resignations coming, with hopefully some much needed rebalance in Westminster. #brexit
He offers no “solution” to Brexit - regardless of you own particular bent on the subject.
Tell me Mr Davis why did you not go public and tell us that you were not being given any channel to work on Brexit and only after 2 yrs had past did you choose to air 2 1/2 hours work? You had the opportunity to speak out the truth...but you did not take up the gauntlet.
Forgive me, I missed some of your thread and didn’t see that it was the other issues in question. However, I stand by the fact that if both parties were led and run properly, Brexit would be dealt with by now and we’d be able to focus on our own issues again.
If three people vote and two vote to scrap Brexit, the establishment will claim a mandate and scrap Brexit
I don't object to the speaker making changes Miranda, but shouldn't he have to do this in advance, giving a long notice period? That way he would not know what legislation it would affect and could not be accused of bias. To do it in the middle of the brexit debate is wrong.
I just wish that there was more journalistic investigation of Bob and Bekah Mercer and SCL Group, LLC/Cambridge Analytica, whom I consider having been involved in colluding/conspiring with Guccifer2.0 and Putin's Cosshackers. Their fingerprints are also all over the Brexit vote.
Bloody hell. Please educate . I do not apreciate using rightwing frames,certainly not when they are in lead of the remain campain! Get it together mr Corbyn European Convention on Human Rights is there to protect human rights
Well, it’s a plan of sorts.
John the Ref'dm was fraudulent because of overspend and use of data by CA to target potential voters You simply cannot ask voters to remain/leave without due information, that is not an issue now and on that basis Brexit should be halted if not cancelled
Tbf there are quite a few while not being totally sold on cancelling Brexit have held up their hands and said some of what they believed about EU was wrong. But others it is a complete banging head against wall exercise and I surely can’t do it anymore.
It will also happen to French exports, their farmers &amp; vinyards won't be best pleased, we can always use Ostend, a port that is upgrading especially in preparation for brexit.
I always felt: 1. The biggest flaw in the Leave argument was selling #Brexit as a simple adventure. 2. The biggest flaw in the Remain argument was selling the EU as a benevolently unchanging institution immune from ever developing negative traits over time. Both too idealistic.
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
...although that then begs the question: how could #Corbyn credibly lead a Labour campaign that didn't back his current policy of arguing for a Labour-negotiated #Brexit?...
No more for Brexit UK where only the rich as always before the EU will be able to travel and play as they wish. I hope the Brits like grey, rainy beaches!
Promising support no matter the party policy is a recipe to be ignored by them. If we're able to stop Brexit, will be thanks to activists who campaigned, agnst party wishes, for that. Thanks to them if labour backs Brexit it will lead to collapse of their vote. And they know it.
Not sure she is willing to give up power that easily and besides Mr May has many interests which benefit from her being PM. But at this point in Brexit nothing can be ruled out.
JC was quite simply outstanding, he explained Labour Policy with a freshness, honesty &amp; confidence which was in stark contrast to the obfuscation of the alleged Brexit Secretary early in the programme.
No-deal Brexit only way to get back control of borders, claims Iain Duncan Smith via
Lib Dem’s would tank even further because people have realised that we wouldn’t have brexit if it wasn’t for them and people would vote slightly more for UKIP than in 2017. Not sure how labour can alienate half when most people with a brain can see the position they’re in.
he now wants a vote of no confidence that he can only win if DUP abstain they will never vote for the no confidence motion The problem the electorate have is IF he wins vote and we get a GE then the options voters will have is for Tory or Labour BOTH Brexit supporting parties
Arthur C Clarke once said: “Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.” It seems there are 4 possibilities for Brexit which are also equally terrifying. We voted to leave.
Oh dear Steven you really shouldn’t believe everything you read written on buses
Typical BBC and sky. Anything to make Brexit look bad
What has come of our country? Leave activist admits SHOCK at Brexit 'VENOM AND VITRIOL'
#Brexit will have little impact on their league given what most players earn in a week never mind a year!
Exactly my thoughts here too why's brexit being involved just coz of some stupid racist some people are thick
Rare for us in limbo to get a mention these days! 'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Brexit uncertainty ‘really unbearable’, says Airbus chief via Mr. Herbert, what Tom Enders Airbus chief executive says as no importance?
All you need to know about the Conservative party
Waiting for Brexit to conclude because i love this country and this brings me nothing not even recognition
‘Get us out’: Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up
....instead only try to realise the truth...there is no Brexit. #Brexit #Brexitexplained
This is how democracy dies. I'm afraid we could be headed towards civil unrest in the future. The remain obsessives have now become very dangerous and authoritarian.
Well said, Jamie!
The old tactic of divide and conquer failed. Europe is resolute not to go back to 1930"s 40's. Building a United Europe is now more than ever necessary, to fend of US, Russia and the war mongers of the Tory party.
Undemocratic Remainers will use any means to further their twisted agenda, but the truth is the young are not as Anti Brexit or undemocratic as they like to make out.. Watch this Channel4 Brexit debate, it didn’t really go the way they’d hoped..
Proving point.....if #Remainers see any opportunity they blame it on #Brexit
I agree, I think he is. I do just wish that he would be more transparent on his approach to brexit.
If the don’t deliver #brexit then will never get into power for years! What don’t you understand? Don’t respect democracy the face the consequences
Imagine trusting a prime minister who lies all the time lmao
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair … via SKS_Media #sks8 thebuyingagents #London #RealEstate
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit
‘Get us out’: Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up...
FACT - EU denies UK right to invest, subsidies British Manufacturing. Out of EU Govt can revitalise manufacturing. EU denies UK Govt right to offer tax incentives in specific areas to create jobs. Post Brexit UK Govt can do this. EU denied funding for mines in 80s !
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Remember kids, vote Labour at a GE to get.....Brexit....the same Brexit the Tories are inflicting....#radical
Reuters: Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Back it or get a tory brexit. All other opinions or takes are irrelevant those are your two options.
Didn’t really think all this through did they; enjoy prison Mr Goddard.
'Warnock media antics all to take pressure off players by putting it on himself'
Helen, what are the sentiments on the street for a revote?
Err Nick, the state of some journalism today is particularly worrying. Opinion is NOT fact.
I TOO HAVE BEEN VICTIM OF BREXIT.
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit
Hear hear
Yeah, they then present themselves as ‘saving us from the mess’. Worst bit of lab strategy (or lack of it) is that Brexit should kill the tories off for a generation. And they wont.
Neil Warnock says UK will be much better after Brexit: “To hell with the rest of the world.” Warnock has players from 11 countries in his squad. Cardiff are owned by Malaysian billionaire &amp; run by a Cypriot banker. Warnock in France last week trying to sign an Argentinian striker
May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit...
via Theresa May given LAST CHANCE to bag support for Brexit deal – 'Show us what we get!' #UK_News
I agree brexit needs to be stopped. Have a people's vote to decide between remain and a proper leave. This is a joke what May and the Tories have done. #Brexit
See my previous response to you on this. No legitimate procedure to displace exec within the constitution to avoid no deal Brexit if TM and JC remain obstinate. Therefore, normal rules and conventions of HoC have to be bent/overturned. Cross party Unity Government led by who?
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal - BBC News
He's not worried about anything other than the decision to leave the EU. He's an avowed Remainer and pretends he wants a deal. No he doesn't want to stop a bad deal; he wants to stop Brexit.
Well done, Dutch Immigration Service!
You’re obviously not a member. Members set the Brexit policy at conference. WE are a Democratic Party. JC is the first leader who HAS listened to the members and supporters. Stop reading MSM.
This IS France a member of the eu, and it is allowed to do this to it's own Citizens. Not Burma but France. Soon we will have genuine FRENCH REFUGEES arriving on our shores. Just get out of this undemocratic state,with no respect for human life.BREXIT ASAP
It's Parliament ignoring the will of the British people you absolute moron. Labour mp's in the north who support remain and are destroying Brexit are going against the will of their voters just to appease knuckleheads/soyboys like you who haven't stopped crying since you lost
If you have 'Brexit' fears - this is well worth a read - you will not see this from the Remain camp. The UK’s unnoticed export boom underlines why a no-deal Brexit is nothing to fear via
Deluded and deaf because when the Prime Minister at the Despatch box in the Chamber asked "Does this House wish to deliver Brexit" the resounding "No" came from the opposite benches.
Where does the notion come from that #FBPE is against ? It isn’t at all. It is against Brexit and pro-EU. An anti-EU Labour stance would be hard to swallow, of course. But Labour is not anti-EU at all. and his Politburo are. And -sadly- they are in charge.
Odd that the political cartoons spawned by #Brexit are so unfunny. Must be the topic that is just too dispiriting to the soul.
I'm very torn on this one. Based on our recent experience - only about 30% of UK voters have even the smallest understanding of what BREXIT is. Or the consequences of it. That is after TWO years of people explaining it OVER and OVER again. Do you trust them?
The UK Music Industry unites with letter to MPs and the Prime Minister to call for an alternative to Brexit,
a lot of it, but WE NEED TO UPGRADE OUR INFRASTRUCTURE SO COMPLETELY AND SO QUICKLY. I was so excited about the national planning framework ideas until I realized they were meant to be rolled out by 2040 when they're all literally things that we needed in place 5 years ago.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Yes, because remainers seem to be in majority now, with Brexit happening against contemporary will of the people. As the referendum was only advisory, it was a state-run poll. I don't think it "didn't mean a thing", though, and I think we can agree on that. But it was 3 years ago
Discussing the weeks news and upcoming key brexit vote with guests. Sunday Stream 2pm-6pm.
Corbyn is right that the country is angry and needs people to be brought together, but it will never heal if we leave. A grotesque wrong must be righted before healing can begin.
May: Brexit failure risks trust in democracy #brexit
We don't believe it is any more complicated than that really. For those still chugging the Brexit dick and who aren't going to be making any money from it have already given up on the pretence that Brexit is anything other than Spite
She knows now, she should be applying pressure on the positions of both women, incredibly she's backing the PS. I want Alex Salmonds voice heard through this Brexit farce, and if there's a GE, I want him contesting a seat. The establishment want him shut down. #DissolveTheUnion
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
How sad we have to rely on the 27 #EU nations to save #Brexit, as the #UK rolls in its incompetent treacle. May 1940 or Cromwell? Who cares #TheresaMay thoroughly screwed the #Tories and the UK with her ineptness
This is convicted thug Arron Peters complaining about the media legitimising right wing thugs when he and his extreme left coterie are never off the media complaining about media bias to the right. Dont be a hypocritical spunktrumpet like Arron Peters
I do it for my faith and for the country because it's all linked ONE #Brexit
4. Brexit
Putin wants Brexit. Period. You are siding with him.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal - trust in meeee
Now that Brexit is pretty much dead, yes, that's me pleased.
Voting should be mandatory, 33.5 mil people voted in the #Brexit ref, 46.8 mil are registered to vote, 13 mil didn't even bother, you cannot possibly say (regardless of who had won) that it is the will of the people if 1/3 didn't vote and 1/3 voted against it
Thought it was about “Global britain”?. Only for a load like Neil it wasn’t it was about self importance and a fake superiority.
Not at all. Russia controlled the Brexit vote, also. This has been in the news for months &amp; months. I’m shocked that you didn’t know. They need to vote again.
It's evident that Warnock - like everyone else supporting brexit - is wilfully ignoring it's consequences and/or actively pandering to racists, or too stupid for words. I wonder which Warnock is ?
Do you think your stint on was fair and the Democratic feelings of the young on #BREXIT ?
What’s that got to do with anything ???? , I bought a pizza off an Italian man last night , what’s that got to do with Brexit ? . This trying to put a schoolboy racist spin on everything is getting embarrassing !
Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
support of Brexit today on Marr show confirmed my decision to resign from the party.
Neil Warnock.....yep absolutely nailed on. Fucking Brexit supporter...what a surprise. Absolute scumbag of a man. Complete oxygen thief. Vile.
The EU's presidency is bringing some unwanted attention for its current host
To hell with the rest of the world - Neil Warnock I'm sitting here trying to picture the Premier League with only English players. A cross pollination of Scott Parkers and diving Alli . Who would want to watch that?
My new favourite football manager
No, we need to stop Brexit.
You are going in circles because May is a Remainer and never did set out to get a clean and true Brexit. I would imagine that she is perfectly happy with the way things are going. Unlike the 17.4m who expected that we would actually leave.
Yes, Theresa May's Deal is absolute dogshit. That’s because every single form of Brexit is dogshit. But there are one or two forms that don’t result in absolute armageddon.
I love 2019
It's just temporary so we don't have any gaps in the law while the transition happens. After we're officially in Brexit the laws we merged will be reviewed and either kept or removed from British law
I'd agree with you in some ways. The deal is not #brexit and needs to be junked but #Jezza even if he could negotiate would leave us in the single market and customs union and that is *not* leaving the EU
How much benefit does UK give to EU 27? And why is UK so popular for EU 27 citizens. More UK expats in usa Australia New Zealand then EU 27. Obviously after Brexit the EU 27 will stop all travel and tourism.
It good to know my 2016 #EURef vote wasn't wasted. #ToriesImploding!
Those who support Brexit need to watch this vid to see the corruption that's going on behind our backs. Disgraced Tory MP is in the thick of it. Don't forget he was sacked from Cameron's cabinet because of corruption &amp; he's still a crook. #bbcnews #lbc #skynews #ch4news
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit
Amen...…...shame they already have most of our money?!
Yes. Indeed. Project hope
These are the stories of British people like me (and in fact, actually me myself) living across Europe. We have been abandoned by the UK government that has failed to stand up for and protect our #citizensrights
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit
How can you lead a party, knowing that 80% or so disagrees with you on the major issue of this year, and respect democracy? Step down . You are a blessing for Tory &amp; Putin. #Brexit is a crime #StopBrexit
So this, if anyone is interested, is what leadership looks like. Make the case for what is in the best interests of those you lead. Simple, isn't it?
Brexiters didn't know what they wanted and dithered for over 2 years. The deal with Brexiters red lines a disaster. Some one has to step in to resue us for very damaging hard Brexit that very few voted for. If your case us so good why are you scared of vote on the deal?
Dan O'Brien: 'With 75 days to Brexit, our future's on the line'
Not with your absurd Brexit policy, you aren't.
Thus you will still be able to exercise your right to work in Europe after Brexit
Actually, he'll be betting on a recovery of the pound. Then he will encourage a "No Deal" Brexit &amp; bet on collapse of the pound &amp; industry. Doesn't care which way it goes, as long as he knows the direction in advance
Get it done Get busy living or get busy dying, staying in the EU is dying so get it the hell done already.
If you’re a Mathematician in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Yellow Vest protesters declare standing for 'child abuse' in poorly worded flyer
Utterly astonishing. I would be up in front of the GMC straight away and probably be struck off if I performed even 0.0001% as badly as this dimwit and his cronies. #PeoplesVote
This #brexit wishlist looks very like remaining in the EU while eating cake that began rotting years ago
Brexit will never happen, Globalists are deep in this just as they are against in the United States. They want to rule the World as non elected people &amp; just have citizens vote for a puppet that will do what ever they want.
Let's not spend too much time critiquing Neil Warnock's opinions on Brexit. I'm not even interested in his opinions on football. The man's a dinosaur.
This interviewer is great. Don't just take the crappy "answers" and progress back.
Chilling. ‘Coz I love Brexit’. As if she’s defending a choice of pizza topping.
Pro-EU campaign groups urge European Parliament to keep ‘no Brexit’ option open
Failing grayling's right - the void in #theresamay's #tory govt extends far beyond their non-existent #brexit plan b... #ChrisGrayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B
One for
Sigh ...
Small brain: focussing effort and resources on a single campaign over several years to build a democratic, grassroots anti-Brexit mass movement AWL GALAXY BRAIN: constantly launching campaign after campaign until there are 70 million anti-brexit campaigns with one member each
The irony would be lost on N.W. as it would I am sure on quite a few who voted #Brexit Hear much the same thing when you talk to someone who complains about inefficiency in NHS but sees no relationship with this and staffing probs caused by #Brexit
Whereas remainers get Carte Blanche
Unprecedented times we live in, has nothing actually changed in our society Andy, its all about in fighting,power &amp; greed amongst the few while the many just are happy to be bystanders,another GE will make no difference,still disaster with Brexit,a tory party issue we all suffer
Translation: Better for you, better for Somerset Capital Management (Dublin): and vulture funds run by . For us? Not so good.
What's for tea mummy? "A lovely plate of hope and feelings". Mmm mmmm, yum.
BBC News - Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
MPs have power to give directions if the deal is voted down but they would have no legal effect via
This from is for me a stand out piece on Brexit &amp; all it’s tentacular crap. Crystallises my own position perfectly &amp; is a lateral, considerate piece. Please might I ask you to read it. I felt soothed (&amp; pissed off anew - it’s brexit)
One of his MP's quit the party to vote for May's deal, we'll take no lessons on him about Brexit from a party polling single digits
THESE VERMINOUS ARSEHOLES ARE FUCKING AMATEURS THEY KNOW SWEET FUCK ALL ABOUT ANYTHING THAT'S WHY THIS COUNTRY IS IN A MESS
And don't forget it was written by British lawyers...
Don’t be blind #Britain
IDS on Theresa May's Brexit Negotiating Style via
Caused by Brexit!
Perhaps MP’s should focus on doing their job and passing these instead of trying to derail brexit ! ‘ All 39-odd agreements need to pass through parliament - and if they are to be ready for a possible no-deal Brexit on 29 March, that leaves just 11 weeks’
So - warns of: A catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust in democracy if her Brexit deal is rejected. So - the colossal undermining of the referendum counts for Jack Shit and even worse - the fact that it's not being investigated. You monumental arse.
I’m afraid that the referendum was advisory from the very beginning. And we did go along with Brexit. For two and a half years. And it’s destroying our country. Enough is enough.
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit #NEWS
A Very Jewish Coup: the Plot to Stop Brexit
If you were right and all of that was the case, where do we supposedly needed Brexit for?
A GE would cement brexit, probably removing the need for DUP involvement in to the bargain.
brexit is useless in times of unity and harmony
The self importance of brexit in a nutshell
Remember folks, all they now have left is that for some Brexit will feel ok, and give some hope... no substance. No facts. No sovereignty. No jobs. No food. No actual tangible benefits.... #Brexit #peoplesvote
'No Deal Chaos' is being re-branded as a 'WTO Brexit'. But Leavers need to know that the WTO is actually everything they have wrongly accused the EU of being: undemocratic, globalist, interfering, failing, and completely out of touch. #peoplesVote
They are for Brexit, OK. They are for 'Justice for our boys' - not sure what that means, but I can guess, and well, fine. Then they are for child abuse? I mean. That just seems a bit too far. Always spell and grammar check your vague populist angry pamphlet folks.
#PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit #Labour Corbyn has he passed his sell by date or is he still relevant.
I have always blamed Westminster and the Tories for this! #Brexit
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr Apparent y Backbench for 32 years
I think we have reached peak fuckery! Both leaders are so detached from reality. somes it up perfectly. Tuesday is the single most important day in the history of the UK. Let your MP know what you think. I want #Article50 rescinded #peoplesvote
Nobody believes this bluff
Here's an MP who needs to be shafted by his constituents, &amp; it's this dreadful disloyal man. Hopefully, at the next election, like many of his dishonest colleagues, he'll be unemployed. All leave constituents with a remain MP should be deselected if they tried to stop Brexit
He has today put himself in the untenable position Mrs May is in. May, a Remainer, delivering a Party policy, #Brexit, she does not believe in. Whether in power or in Opposition the Labour machine will demand policies on the EU including possibly a PV Corbyn does not agree with.
I agree, albeit I can’t personally envisage pushing for a GE with Brexit both so close and yet so unresolved. I think the GE proponents must believe they can secure a clear majority in an election. I don’t see that as realistic.
Than *any* brexit.
Yikes...
THE SUN COMMENT "THERESA May will hammer the final nail in her coffin if she softens her Brexit deal yet further in desperation for Labour votes This suicidally insane strategy is being proposed by, you guessed it, Remainers inside and outside Cabinet"
In an election he says he urgent and in which promises to "break the Brexit deadlock" in at least one tweet they have sent in the past couple of days.
It's because they (we) live in an echo chamber where the predominant sound is that of brexit Armageddon narrative for sheeple.
I love the fact the Tories and Centrists still think Brexit is everyone's primary object on life, even though it wasn't in the GE2017, and since then Labour are now polling @ 41%; therefore, we all know it's not Seems clear to me the protest Brexit vote was just that; protest
Trump insults, or Brexit bitching. If someone feels so passionate about either subject, DO SOMETHING! Don't just bitch about it on Twitter.
she's so full of shit
Reality contradicts your final point. Any state with socialised welfare programs typically benefits greatly from them. The British NHS for example is so popular that even RIGHT WING PARTIES pretended to care about it in order to deliver Brexit.
You got the wrong party, the tories called for it, they enabled it they caused it, they own the total shambles of the last eight years, and the car crash that is Brexit and are now blaming the Labour Party and the EU, you couldn’t make it up.
The paralyzing irony of saying "to hell with the rest of the world" in front of a sign saying "Visit Malaysia"
my Mother in law think we won,t be able to play any more football in Europe remainers lol
Follow. The. Money. Simples....
Many are beginning to wake up to the fact that we are no longer really free. Perhaps we never were, but control &amp; propaganda has got far worse recently. It has become more visible since Brexit, more blatant, more forceful. I have seen in in Communist countries. It scares me here.
Next week tune in to Claude Puel's thoughts on the Food Bank crisis, see how Jurgen Klopp loses those Christmas pounds.
Brextremist loonies constantly pretend "everyone knew that Brexit means leaving the Single Market &amp; Customs Union", when in fact even Leave voters themselves didn't believe that when they voted in 2016. #PeoplesVote
Brexit has just got SERIOUS
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote - the guardian
Absolutely dying to hear how a #PeoplesVote will resolve the causes of anger in this country given those promoting it have shown no indication of how they're going to change the conditions that led to that anger and subsequently Brexit.
I actually voted labour in the last election. My local MP is currently a labour MP. If I'm honest labour have gone very quiet and I don't think they understand how many of their voters actually support leave. Their version of Brexit though isn't the one I voted for.
Everytime I hear someone mention 'unicorns' when debating Brexit, I imagine them having a particularly long, sharp and ribbed horn, rammed up their ring-piece.
Erazer May: Her plan all along was to negociate a bad deal she knew would not go through parliament, so that the only offer on the table was her deal or no Brexit. Wrong! The public didn't vote for any ideas. No Deal? No problem.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Good luck with that. Most of your voters are remainers and will not vote for you if you enable brexit
YOU have let people down across the country with your duplicity, fortunately we are not as stupid as you appear to assume. You will not win power whilst enabling Brexit. You alone are preventing a Labour government, shame on you.
I am sorry Sunny. You seemed to have gone against the idea of stopping Brexit. The discussion seemed to be about #ClairityVote before a GE. I assumed wrong that you wanted Corbyn first, sorry. My message is Brexit is bad in any way, shape or form. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
#Brexit “I find it astonishing that the only way the British government can tell us to maintain our rights is to apply for the citizenship of another country. We are being completely ignored and abandoned and there is very little help from anyone, anywhere.”
Also, he doesn't like #Brexit because it affects him in some way. He doesn't care about the future of any country, much less the UK, He's just spouting nonsense because it puts him out. And, he's probably making the worst argument I've heard to date. Constantly wrong.
... The freelance consultant: Fiona Godfrey, Luxembourg #Brexit has “completely turned my life upside down”, says Fiona Godfrey, who fears being out of work in less than three months. A health policy consultant, she...
If you've been around here, this should not come as a surprise. "Researchers say the findings support the idea that gambling, or so-called “prediction markets”, might provide better forecasts of election outcomes than either experts or polls."
Wobbly Corbyn, hasn’t a clue who controls his party! Will hold country to ransom to get his precious GE, when he knows damn well the uk doesn’t want one! Business, and people just want Brexit done ASAP. PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY, HERR CORBYN
... lives in Luxembourg and often works in Brussels and other EU member states. As a freelancer, she is deemed to be providing services and so is not covered by the #Brexit withdrawal agreement, which protects the rights of employees.
im leaning towards warnocks view on brexit. fuck it
Get on board or get lost. Voters won't forgive or forget.
“Someone lied to me and now I know it was the wrong thing to do” she is not the only one. Why do and want to denier her and all of us another vote?
Don't see "GOOD Brexit" here. We for what it said.
PRIME MINISTER CORBYN. SOUNDS GOOD TO ME! May tells MPs not backing her Brexit deal would be 'catastrophic' as Corbyn says he's ready for elec (via )
better not be cosying up to the Tories over Brexit...
The first thing must do is stop Brexit. If he doesn't, he can't get elected. If he continues to pursue Brexit, he's a closet Tory pensioner hater.
*Pretends to be shocked*
Brexit: Discovery moves European HQ to Amsterdam
Bloody hell. Please educate . I do not apreciate using rightwing frames,certainly not when they are in lead of the remain campaign! Get it together mr Corbyn ECHR is there to protect human rights
GBP/USD Forecast Jan. 14-18 – Investors nervously await historic Brexit vote
People still voted for full clean brexit to leave everything not soft brexit or mays useless deal to leave everything part of the EU
BBC News - Brexit: 2 years on and if there was a second referendum would the public REALLY know which way to vote, the whole process has been a farce and poorly communicated to the person on the street.
Him and . make a great pair then !!! 2.5 years and May has got nowhere with #Brexit either, especially as she is now trying to push her Remain Plus deal through !! #NoDealNoProblem
Capitulating to the leading parties' Brexit bias is allowing them to steer the Referendum agenda in a Hard-Brexit direction that disregards the Remain faction of the electorate. Why capitulate to devisive political opportunists?
The government has tried to deliver on brexit but the brexiters aren't happy with the deal.
New petition, lets push it hard #Brexitbetrayal #Brexitshambles #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit #NoDealBrexit #GiletsJaunes #YellowVests Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Mrs May heading up Brexit is like having Dr H Shipman running the NHS
BBC News - SNP's Ian Blackford urges MPs to block Brexit deal
- when she cries - remind her of her voting record- (BUT no neo Nazi thugs thanks - your a disgrace and I hope you all do prison). . .
The Crown must protect their citizens, the Armed Forces on standby?
This is good, though I'd take issue with the claim that migrants taking jobs is a working class concern
Hasn't been a war for a while. Brexit week and Mueller after Trump. Trump's Shutdown. Distractions needed galore.
Well since you’re talking about “rules”, it’s a rule that referendums have no legal power in this country so implementing the results of the Brexit referendum was never a rule.
Theresa May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit
No, it's not it's not the sole preserve of people who would declare themselves to be on the right. But since brexit springs from nationalism and xenophobia it is more common on the far right since the left tends to favour internationalism and equality.
JOHN BERCOW WHO STUCK HIS FINGERS UP TO DECENCY AND DEMOCRACY Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve via
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit
Hopefully Tuesday's vote will provide a beginning of the end to #brexit confusion and chaos
We’ll see. May depend on the fate of Brexit.
This is terrible for supporters, after tweedle has sat on the fence for over 2 years, their policies are still no clearer.
Yawn it's the Guardian again,
On the front foot ffs she hasn't even got her whites on
Neil Warnock is the epitome of Brexit thinking. A man who doesn't have an iota of understanding of the situation, mouth-breathing empty slogans, whilst failing to notice his very existence is dependent on "them foreigns".
I think traitor is a natural word to use if you feel betrayed by the Brexit progress. I am all for people protesting outside parliament, even the term nazi although disgusting can be used, I just think it is sad it had got to that stage. My protest will be at the ballot box
Jacob Reese-Mogg! Hear here!
Brexit latest
I'm stockpiling hope for a no-deal Brexit
Turns out big Brexit Warnock is taking charge of the team
Brussels should stop playing hardball over Brexit and give Britain a better deal, top Polish politician blasts
If you listen to a man who looks like a parrot trapped in a ballsack about politics, you may have picked the wrong side
The brazen egoism of sucking up the world's wealth, and then telli them to bugger off
Turns out that, 52 years ago, Jim Morrison and his pals were writing about Brexit. . "This is the end, my friend. [...] Of our elaborate plans, the end Of everything that stands, the end No safety or surprise, the end" © The Doors, 1967
Brexit challenge is unprecedented. Surely the major fault is a government failing to produce an agreement that could gain consensus. Tory party splits on Europe remain the source. Others just caught in the mess. And it is a mess.
Add 2 counties fall prey to Russian efforts.
Neil Warnock signed Joey Barton to replace Adel Taarabt as captain of QPR. That was the most Brexit signing of all time.
UK parliament may revoke Article 50 to stop no-deal #Brexit: pro-EU party leader
If all the remainers leave Labour, it will become a true Brexit party, leadership and members alike.
no it would not. Democracy means allowing problems to be fixed and not sitting their moaning and blaming. Problems happen, just fix. A vote would fix. May says voting against Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in democracy
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?
Laughlin by name, laughin' by nature?
Thankfully the manager has settled #brexit In this era where people think an opinion is worth more than factually driven knowledge, it’s pathetic to see someone with no real understanding of what he’s talking about weigh in. #brexituncivilwar #BrexitShambles
If goes to a General Election without committing fully to a #PeoplesVote he will lose. Of course, he could support such a vote now, have that and then a General Election that will be about austerity &amp; not Brexit
Farmers waking up and smelling the coffee. But how many of them voted for Brexit?
Even from a brexiteer point of view it's not brexit, it's the worst of both worlds. From a socialist point of view , you have a worse deal than we currently have with respect to state aid &amp; only protects the city. What is he thinking?.
talk to the Tories about brexit....wtf?!!?!
Neil Warnock is the gift that keeps on giving
Corbyn also serves the millionaires by supporting Brexit.
Spot on! WISE words #TimeForThePeople
It’s more intellectually comfortably &amp; presents less cognitive dissonance to hold the view that many Trump &amp; Brexit voting people are empty headed vassals incapable of independent thought than accept they may have valid concerns.
I think the idea of installing a 1920s Soviet era Marxist-style government led by an anti-Semite and terrorist sympathiser is a great idea.
you’re my MP. I may blame parliament, but I still believe in it. With your help parliament can do the right thing for our people. Please be courageous and find a way for us to get out of Brexit.
Wearily, I'm forwarding this next act of treason so all can see the machinations against Brexit that are desperately continuing.
We need to deal with migration. Just using the powers we have can make a difference 2ith EU migrants. However, after Brexit we will be on UN rules, Refugee Choice, not EU rules, First Safe Country. That could mean a lot more refugees as EU countries pass them on. EEA stops that.
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan
While May openly pursues a policy totally out of line with what Tory voters want. It is indeed, a Rotten Parliament.
There’s this underlying assumption that is still believed that Brexit was purely economic. Plenty of Voters (including sceptical remain voters like me) still believe in the continued preeminence of the nation state as the best form of governance. (1/2)
... presumably more than one of them has read this? And yet...
Because Brexit...
Brexit views from Cable, Corbyn and May Streets
Cardiff 0 Huddersfield 0 -about the same as 52:48 then....Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Ministers in contempt of Parliament don’t get to talk about “breach of trust” in democracy. , and others need to do better than repeat this crap! #RevokeA50 Trust democracy and have a #PeoplesVote
Cross party #Brexit negotiating committee. #Marr
Arguably, SNP and Plaid are due more to neglect from Westminster and Labour's appalling record in Scotland and Wales. I do like a lot of what the Lib Dems say about Brexit especially, but would only vote tactically and would have to ignore Cable entirely
These charlatans must be held to account
Actually not a stupid idea that way you truly get the educated will of the people if the campaigns are honest and informative
Still worth repeating!
Easy solution about Brexit. Just second referendum only for people who voting in first. And results be final.
If they stop us leaving the EU or attach us in any way to a deal its the end of democracy. We've even got Labour trying to rig an election to get their filthy plans of a different deal in. All parties need to learn we voted to leave the EU. It wasn't asking for a deal!!
Piers Morgan blames vegan roll, Brexit and Donald Trump for 'exploding innards'
You must know there is no such thing as a good Brexit, so why is the Labour leadership pretending there is?
I wanted Brexit before Putin. He is siding with me. I don't care if he sides with me or not. I want Brexit. I live here. Putin does not. Patriots want the UK strong and independent, not puppets of an unelected bureaucracy.
It was an honour to be asked to speak in front of the assembled crowd of 900 and many more watching at home. Brexit is Britain’s most vital issue since WWII and the destiny of this country, Europe and even the world will be determined over our actions within the coming months!
You And I,Tips,, Health,Banking: Nell Warnock Words On Brexit
Jezza has some very good Euro contacts - a damn site more than May
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
As a Labour Party member I'm incredibly frustrated by Corbyn's equivocation on #brexit. I am embarrassed.
Labour really don't know what they are doing.. Their Brexit policy is in disarray,chaotic and frankly will go with whatever gets the most votes at a GE.. What needs to stop is the costly EU..
There will be no money for that after brexit
The outside voting interference argument is interesting but perhaps not as pertinent as that of internal implosion due to outside propaganda influence witnessed in US elections and in British referendum. There were millions of British expats (EU+) unable to vote re Brexit.
On the issue of Brexit &amp; the rise of Euroscepticism across Europe so much of this could be avoided by two simple reforms: 1/ the scaling back of the EU from a "US of Europe" to a freed trade forum with the the four freedoms still intact, with the freedom of immigration subject..
It's party policy to back a 2nd referendum if a GE can't be forced. What is the point of your continual misrepresentation of labour and Corbyn? If you prefer a Tory brexit just say so.
. : "A better future for the UK is one of recognisable, proud and cooperative independence. To reach it, we must be ready to exit on WTO terms" #LetsGoWTO
Ministers battle to save Brexit deal
And I thought OUR populists sucked...
Or you can study for free abroad? Unless through some miracle Brexit goes through ....
I think that Brexit has shown one thing, and that is there is only about a handful of MP’s who are suitable to represent us in Parliament.
Deselection time for him and his blairites
Greek junior coalition partner says to pull ministers from government – Greek Defence Minister Panos Kammenos, head of the junior coalition party in gov... #Brexit #Government #Parliament #truenews
Truth be told...I've even noticed friends and family being difficult about little things that would never normally bother them. Got a cousin in panic about Brexit she's actually stock piling food and WATER. The UK is in an awful mess.
The Double Deckers on their way to a #brexit related rally?
Enjoy watching your precious brexit die.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
At the time of voting, no-one knew for sure what the age profile of eventual votes would be. Now that we know, it falls to us to have regard - or not - to the likely effects of brexit on people starting out in work and life. I think it will prove limiting in so many ways. Sad.
Not once did he say he has an issue with any country? Bell end
Hello Twitter! 2018 was a year of Brexit, Trump and the death of the favourites such as the Chuckle Brothers and Avicii. Luckily 2019 is starting with the launch of Jake's Gin, so here's to a not-so-dry January! #myfirstTweet #jakesgin #drinktastefully
How about the #Remain Revolution! Start Tuesday night and #RevokeA50 and then get our paid politicians and bureaucrats to do their job FFS and focus on #NHS #SocialCare #Economy #Education #Homeless etc rather than waste decades on a Delusional, Deceitful and Destructive #Brexit
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit
Not a chance in hell, Labour and Conservative Party’s will face a landslide of lost seats because of their treacherous MPs defying the electorate on Brexit. The people will turn to pro Brexit party’s the like of UKIP/ SDP, who will win many seats without doubt.
They have 6 tests for any deal. They tell you a deal would have to be a soft brexit that keeps close ties with the EU. The argument would then be.. Then why leave. I would be happy to have that debate about any deal Labour present.
This is absolutely superb from . We in Labour must listen to our Leavers. The metropolitan elite does of course exist, and it now presents a real threat to Labour, with their politics: “The people have spoken. The people must be wrong."
He doesn’t want an election based on #Brexit, he wants one based on domestic policy. That’s all he ever talks about. It’s a disgrace when literally everybody else is trying to find a solution to the #BrexitChaos we find ourselves in.
Good news #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Sounds about right!
Theresa May given LAST CHANCE to bag support #brexit deal – 'Show us what we get!'
I wonder if the PM feels "cheated" at appointing incompetent cabinet ministers ?
I'm certainly glad we have a coalition right now. Thank goodness for the DUP during this Brexit mess. In future yes, I think coalitions are good.
Neil Warnock on Brexit : "We had a referendrum..." For. Fucks. Sake.
The country is still monumentally divided. The majority of Labour members might want a 2nd ref but the public as a whole don't, and as the official opposition we represent the whole country, who will punish us at the ballot box if we call for one. #NoPVYesGE
On our north east MP at yesterday’s #GeneralElectionNow demo
Hope on toast.
Can you imagine the Microsoft Paperclip? “It looks like you are saying uou endorse child abuse, are you sure you want to say that?”
lmao "to hell with the rest of the world"
“I love Brexit it will give us all hope.” “Hope doesn’t put food on the table though. What about its effect on the poorest in our country?” “I love Brexit it will give us all hope.”
Yep... this is why it is important for a #GeneralElectionNow to get in a gov't to unite both sides!
No need for words ,Joshua silver nails it..
Head of the #WTO says "Trade deals are like football leagues. #Brexit relegates #UK to Division 4" #peoplesvote
it was indeed we are and will be a free nation again on March 29th 2019 with or without Grieve and his ilk
Depressing indeed...
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
its not that he wants it, though he does. he knows that if he is seen to sabotage Brexit he sabotages his chance of power because the Labour Leave vote will be betrayed and be ripe for stealing.
That's what Trump is saying about "The Wall". She is holding England hostage. #NoWall #NoBrexit
People being without jobs, having less money, a weaker £ abroad, fewer EU products or them being more expensive, fewer Drs &amp; nurses, less money for NHS &amp; social welfare, etc, etc peoples lives will be dramatically worse if Brexit isn't stopped.
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
Neil Warnock just telling it how it is with pro Brexit, Love that man even tho I'm a remoaner.
To the tower with Bercow
Great thread by Thomas on the 'coup' narrative. His thoughts suggest an inversion of the 'parliamentary plotters' narrative. The 'zombie government' which has no solution to the political crisis but obstinately holds on to power breaks norms and creates an unprecedented space
And this is where the tension will be: stopping #Brexit or stopping the #Tories. Are they conflicting electoral aims or can we reconcile them?
Ye da’s Facebook rants personified.
Haha! False adoption and fake laws are my favourite.
Go figure.
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal i have no idea what happens but have you???
"As friends of your country, we are looking with growing anxiety at the unfolding of Brexit disaster that will be harmful for both Britain and Europe. " Touching and sad.
May did more than breach trust 13/07/06 she broke the fucking law and knowingly did so to exploit the VoC hospitalised IP and has done so since to get to Brexit PM- May warns of ‘catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust’ if UK remains in EU
Prague is quite a lot more than a “stag do capital”....
Beltway Insider: Trump/Pols at Odds, Border Wall, Rep’s Gone Wild; Brexit Looms; Stalking
This fucking chaos in the British Parliament over Brexit is legitimately why the queen should dissolve parliament and force new elections.
I have. Transport policies good, alleged fairer distribution of money to other regions than London good, Brexit policy epic fail.. Like so many I could have voted Labour if Corbyn wasn’t leader.
Two years later, we have stabilized N. Korea, he increased sanctions AGAINST Russia, (blows the collusion theory) 4 million jobs created, trade is fair, economy is booming, lowest unemployment for blacks, Hispanics, women...Brexit will do the same for U.K.
Theresa May 'could be kicked out on Wednesday' if she loses Commons vote on Brexit deal
...and no Brexit is better than no deal, fool.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
So Neil Warnock is pro Brexit? Who would have thought?! For further surprise revelations, let’s cross to Sam Allardyce who gives us his thoughts on a Vegan diet and Dry January.
Don't see "GOOD Brexit" here. We voted for what it said.
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here …Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Here's why it's OK to change your mind: When Jimmy Saville died, some people felt sad #Brexit
When Brexit is finally defeated, we must not give up or become complacent. Brexit was a symptom, not the cause, of a divided society where lies and corruption flourish, good people are marginalised, and compassion diminished. The rebuilding begins once we kick out the Tories.
Brits have nothing to fear from Brexit but leaving with a deal is best
I agree Tim he is now so transparent #marr
So we should, in your opinion, just give up? Yes it’s difficult, yes it’s complicated. I still don’t want Brexit,
The very British coup was the devious Brexit leaders of the Leave Campaigns telling endless lies to persuade Brits to vote Leave.
Top man
It’s simple. Now the nation knows how really s**t Brexit will be to the nation, give the people another vote? How much worse can it be than giving a non-shipping company without ships a big shipping contract?
I am having a laugh (as opposed to a fag, wonderful ) for the third time today: the first was May invoking ‘democracy’ the second was ‘wellness’ weirdos in the Sunday Times, this is the third. Hahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha
Jeremy Corbyn said the chances of a no confidence vote this week are significantly increased if Theresa May loses the Brexit vote.
i don't how you managed to be so composed. thank you for speaking up for and on behalf of me, people like me, and especially the youth whose futures are so uncertain and likely to be extremely limited by the spectre of a post-brexit britain
I thought was very eloquent on this morning. However I'm left wondering what the difference is between what the UK enjoys today as part of the EU 28 and his / / 's ideal #Brexit? "Remain and reformer"? #PeoplesVote?
Why is this a surprise to anyone? Sinn Féin has spent decades taking the side of wicked and murderous regimes against the poor and powerless.
What does Brexit mean Pete? What would be an acceptable vision of the future for you once we have left the EU?
Here's Owen Paterson explaining how we will be in the EEA/EFTA after Brexit. #PeoplesVote #SingleMarket
Dan O'Brien: 'With 75 days to Brexit, our future's on the line'
Why not #brexit, #streatham, #beastfromtheeast, #creameryandcoffee, #icecream, #coffee,
If MPs &amp; the Speaker succeed in tearing up our constitution so they can disable this government then no future government will be able to govern without a landslide victory. These "clever" folk are so blinded by their hatred of Brexit that they are prepared to kill UK democracy!
Humans need to stick together not get divided by the machine- #brexit
Voting for Corbyn is also a wasted vote because of his stance on Brexit.
Surely that's what they stand against? They can't be for child abuse, corrupt gov. Etc, can they?
From Brussels to a replacement bus service in Brexit station
What a man
Could we maybe take all the energy and money applied to Brexit and apply it to the social crisis that is going on is this country. And accept that NO government in 40 years has done anything substantial.
If it quacks like a duck....
Open Future: The debate over a second Brexit referendum via
The Brexit secretary has once again dodged the question on a Plan B.
Where are all the unionists calling for Leslie Evans to resign? Unless alot think acting unlawful is ok. Not a fucking peep. Oh i know lets start a witch hunt against the leader of the SNP because the means taking the heat off unionists branches and brexit do one.
Dear UK, Agree Mrs May’s deal and we’ll have you in the #euro soonest after 2020. Promise. Remember, mEUmmy knows best. #EU #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
I liked a video PART 3: A delay in BREXIT Article 50 may be on its way
Gamblers predicted Brexit before financial traders, study finds
You said in an interview this week that politicians should reflect the best way to carry out the wishes of the electorate as leader of the scottishlabour party on Brexit every count and 62% voted to remain, what are you as Scottish labour doing to enable that to happen???
That clip defines Brexit for me....pure Art
Scuppering Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’, May warns MPs
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
That clip defines Brexit for me....pure Art
Chemicals Industries Association Brexit Conference - with pharma UK’s largest manufacturing export, £50bn exports pa, 144k direct jobs, c66% trade with EU not poss o/s EChA. Product standards are supranational. Brexit = reqg UK cos to duplicate products if UK diverges from EU.
So in the unlikely event we got an election (we won’t) would you vote for Jeremy and therefore for brexit. Well; NO!
The #British through the #referendum(democratic mechanism) said #yes to the entire political class, the parliament, government are charged with implementing this will, and any attempts to disrupt, manipulate this issue,is a blatant betrayal of #democracy.
#StockMarketNews #WallStreet Top 5 Things to Watch This Week. Jan 14 to 18th. 1. #Earning Season 4Q 2. US #PPI, #RetailSales and #Housing data 3. #FED Speakers 4. #Brexit vote 5. China #TradeBalance, #GDP, #IP data
So rare to hear any sort of common sense around this debate, very refreshing indeed.
Well it’s a wrong joke as Brexit couldn’t cause UNIT to be stopped
I try to be optimistic which isn't easy with Brexit .Though I do feel there has been far too much scaremongering. We survived worse in the past .
Come O Holy Ghost Creator come and bless and sanctify and protect all those involved in the Brexit negotiations and free them from all their iniquities and govern them with Your great wisdom.
Brexit: And Now What? *
Scottish Government writes to MPs ahead of crucial Brexit vote - ITV News
Was surprised he went for that too. But heat of the moment (just after a disappointing performance) and the fact that, like he said, it's been debated transfers might be affected by Brexit then maybe it's more understandable. I don't agree with him but he's allowed his views
Politicians giving politicians a politicians answer!!! So frustrating when they won’t just answer a simple question.
Let's be clear though, The 27 do not agree as one voice. The Brussels hierarchy threatens and bullies them into one voice. As for the UK, well most MP's are just fighting to stop #Brexit instead of delivering on a clear instruction, a instruction they said they would deliver
The British socialists voted 52% in favour to Brexit The Tory’s are delivering on a promise to brexit labour is supposed to support the socialists, but infact they are far from any socialists ideas Job prosperity, 38 yrs of mass unemployment Time to brexit! For job prosperity!!
Brexit is a flash in the pan - the other three will live forever
- Business News Beyond BBG - * FT: May makes eleventh-hour Brexit plea to Tory MPs * Nikkei: Taiwan's pro-Beijing mayors spur hopes of Chinese tourist boom * WSJ: Slow Earnings Growth, Dim Forecasts Weigh on Stocks
New book by #Irish author examines how #trust #socialmedia and #politics has been impacted by #FakeNews #Trumpism #brexit #blockchain and #ArtificialIntelligence #marr #marian #sundaybrunch #NFLPlayoffs #neilwarnock #SundayThoughts
"Nothing to fear but fear itself " I agree.
EU is a system based on rules. UK is based on undemocratic elections after which governments elected by a minority are allowed to do pretty much what they like. Works as long as most MPs are loyal to the national interest. Now they're not, so we get the #Brexit shambles
Yer Brexit Manager
My #MP is a towering example of speaking truth to power. At personal risk he has continued to voice what nearly everyone now knows: #brexit is a lie, and will ruin any chance that a #Labour govt might have to help mend #brokenbritain. #Corbyn is wrong. #stopbrexit
This is the Conservative Council Candidate who lost in Ravensthorpe last May. Still boringly going on mostly about Brexit when the local economy &amp; housing are the key issue that matter to Peterborough Folk
Are you surprised? #Corbynout
If your campaign's for #Brexit Walk on by If you try to guilt trip me Walk on by If you deny me the right to a #PeoplesVote Walk on by Just walk on by If you want to fix the causes Come on in #dontbrexitfixit
To clarify - worse post Brexit. Obviously generations before endured much worse.
So the conclusion from these answers is the government is ‘Up the Swanee without a paddle’ #brexit #BrexitShambles #MeaningfulVote #Tories
Makes me wish I could have voted for Brexit.
The parallels with Brexit are obvious, but what's exercising me right now is I can't remember what it was called and can't find it on Google. Can anyone help on the title please?
Low tax, low reg is a short term solution at best. Move towards the Scandanavian model. We're still a rich country even with Brexit.
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Just listened to this interview from last month. Typical jargon MP performance by She did make a good point about partisan politics though. So why didn't the government have a cross-party #Brexit committee?
Straight to the point, as always. Nice one Neil !!
Trump was ALL FOR Brexit. Now look at the DISASTER it’s become at the hands of his orange twin Boris! Brexit brinkmanship: What's next for Theresa May's deal
So by your logic he isnt allowed an opinion on Brexit because he works with foreign footballers?
No, neither will I.
Must be a quiet Village if your neighbours don't know there's a black man living in it. Nice try though. #Brexit #ImFarRight
This dude probably supports Nigel Farage
I agree but ultimately Brexit is not a party political issue. Corbyn has been a total liability during this period but there are leavers and remainers on both sides.
Cardiff 0 Huddersfield 0 – about the same as 52:48 then....
Defamation of whole sections of the electorate as a means of coercing them into accepting ruinous policies has been the political tool that, more than any other, has convinced people that they must keep law-makers in the UK, where they can be punished - hence #Brexit
. Important: On the “Death logic” of the Trump Cult &gt; Similarly the #Brexit Cult.
got it #wrong on the genesis of the European Court of Human Rights, which predates the existence of theEU
Brexit brings surprise boost for Bulgarian resorts
A Brexit-backing hedge fund titan now says Britain won't actually leave the EU, and is betting big on the pound - New Haven Register #Invest #HedgeFund #Trading
He’s either stupid, or ill informed; or he’s deliberately misleading the stupid or the ill informed or those blinded by need for change &amp; unwilling to confront him. Whichever &amp; whatever, it means that he’s unfit to govern. #LabourFail
Warnock, I am not shocked he is pro Brexit. The guy is clueless.
And people have had the gall to tell me that are anti-Brexit. - Not to worry though - I'm bigger than that. #StandUP4UKDemocracy #StandUP4aResoluteRemain #StandUP4UKDemocracy #StandUP4aResoluteRemain
Airbus provides update on impact of Brexit No Deal/Deal scenarios
High taxes could hasten bank moves from Britain #Brexit #AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin
I see the answer to brexit
The Sunday Times backed Brexit, I believe.
More evidence that Brexit is founded on the old English antipathy to France. BTW, Scots fought with France at Crécy &amp; Azincourt. Wars of Independence subsidised by France- no wonder he hates European cooperation.
The only way Labour’s 6 tests can be met is by staying in the EU.
Sad but true
The amusing part that the solutions and advice on cat alzheimer are coherent,relevant and workable , Brexit on the other hand....
Bet brexit will not help the NHS you care about one bit, especially since these things could be addressed by the U.K. while in the EU, anytime. It might however lead to it being privatised, US style, that will definitely be far worse.
The latest The Heritage Daily! #brexit
Agreed
The #globalists hate the idea of the #TheWall because it means countries will ALL have to follow suit. #Mexico isn't the problem here - or #Mexicans - it's those travelling thru it to get to the USA who are the problem #Brexit
No one voted for a trade deal . Thats not possible to have trade deal with any country when still in the EU. . So when the vote leave won it ment we have to trade on world trade organisation rules like the USA China and the rest of the world. Then leave got change Trade deal.
So ignore a referendum result (not that I agreed with it), voted for, cajoled and supported by all parties, because a particular old person says so. We are told old people are wrong on Brexit. Clearly some 'proper' old people are not. What other hidden rules can you let us in on?
Yellow Vests. Tommy Robinson. Brexit. Government Shuts "Sunday Long Live Radio"#sundaylonglive #gag: via
I really can't fathom how Britain and the USA loaded a gun and shot their own cock off willingly. Probably the greed of a few lead to a downfall of two democracies.
MoD sends planners to ministries over post-Brexit border fears #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Respondents united in supporting: 'All MPs, regardless of their party or position on Brexit, should compromise and agree on a Brexit deal that honours the referendum result.'
What makes you see Brexit as 'damaging'? Don't swallow the silly Treasury 'forecasts'.
#PM’s deal surrendering to #EU what couldn’t be won by armed conflict one who lived through horror of #WW2 wonder was our treasure &amp; blood shed in vain - #fascism wanting rematch #UK throwing in the #Brexit towel #NODEAL Brexit #PM #Jacobreesmogg no surrender #Tory #labour
Been saying same for a while Same with Iraq war. Two thirds of country supported that. Voted Blair back in afterwards. But these days?
That's funny as I'm sure it was the entire agri-foods industry and business sector that publically stated Brexit would be a disaster. N.I society will quickly realise how badly this will hurt our pockets.
Very damning that his top team won't even meet with second Brexit vote activists. It's not happening and it's his choice. Feel sorry for voters in England.
Says it all really...#BrexitChaos
BBC News - #Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
May aides accuse MPs of bombshell Brexit 'coup' after eavesdropping in cloakroom …IS KOD EGO-IS ILLUSION
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
I heard Jenkin say it before on R4
After Maastricht everywhere I went, every day in every way, everyone I spoke to: the EU is bad idea, the EU is a bad idea...every day and in every way; Craig Oliver was right about that. We'd been fighting the Brexit...
Abuse of Anna Soubry is proof of rising fascist propaganda in post-referendum Britain | The Independent
I agree too. Thank you for what you are doing not only in respect of the #Brexit catastrophe but UC etc. Sadly, I doubt I will ever vote Tory again after May's spiteful destruction of &amp; total disdain the Police Service but I do admire you as my MP. #Genuine #Caring
Marr gave Corbyn a free ride to waffle. Marr attacked the Brexit Secretary like a tiger but became a pussycat for Corbyn. The Marr show is a far left Labour propaganda programme masquerading as an impartial political show.
What makes him so adamant that brexit is the best thing for this country when pre referendum he said the exact opposite?
And all the time the public are lead by liars and cheats, it's been going on for years, but this parliament with its party wars, non opposition, dictatorial leader, and self serving "personalities" has brought our country to a new low, thugs and lying bullies now rule the land!
Corbyn's Brexit policy
Tory James Cleverly entirely unable to explain Theresa May's Brexit plan B - Mirror Online
May you fool nobody! It is your dog's dinner so-called 'deal' that is a catastrophe + Brexit Betrayal
The nastiest individual I've spoken to about politics recently also voted Leave and yet has property in Europe, hypocritical gobshites
You lot think you cant allow Brexit either.
DUP got 1bn and all MPs (including Mann) are aware of how lucrative it is to vote for Mrs May # Brexit Lottery
Hypocritical political arsehole!!....
OK Ian. Of course the EU is far from perfect. I base my view on Corbyn's voting record over the past decades and his pro-Brexit stance since the referendum. But, of course, none of us knows what really went on in the privacy of the ballot box, which is as it should be.
My god. If this baffoon with his other cronies get in then close the lights off after we all leave as we’ll be knackered. Watched Newsnight Thursday and all Labour could offer was condemnation of current plans, but when asked, had no definitive plan.
OK Ian. Of course the EU is far from perfect. I base my view on Corbyn's voting record over the past decades and his pro-Brexit stance since the referendum. But, of course, none of us knows what really went on in the privacy of the ballot box, which is as it should be.
Seriously? He doesnt understand the details? He offers a costed manifesto, and a fully outlined Brexit brief, and you think hes less well informed than the debacle in government... You really are a sad strange little person.
The #Russians seem to be the ones winning all the time! #ColdWar is still going on! #SundayMorning #SundayMotivation #SundayThoughts #SundayBrunch #MAGA #TrumpTrain #TrumpRussia #WomenForTrump #Republican #GOP #Republicans #Resistance #Military #Veterans #Soldiers #Baptist
May warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal
Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve via Why has Grieve still got the Conservative Whip?
Mail Say "She decided on a plan for Britain's withdrawal, negotiated it with our EU partners and finally secured their agreement" I say She appointed Brexit Ministers who were fighting for UK, sacked them &amp; has single handed acted as EU envoy for EU plan Draw your own conclusion
Also: No one has a clue!
Propping this cruel Tory government is not what Labour MPs were elected to do. They were elected to fight the Tories &amp; their conscious cruelty. No Labour MP should vote with the government on their shambolic deal this week #GTTO #Deselection
No, what is unforgivable is ‘s wilful disregard for the democracy of the UK.
Brexit had always been cross party. Hell, Tories have a remainer pretending to be a leaver and Labour have a leaver pretending to be a remainer.
It is more than a breach it is a total rejection of our democracy. Those opposing #brexit are no more the enemies of democracy and are deservedly called saboteurs and I might say are collaborating with the EU to reject #Brexit.
Focus on the UK issues!! Park Brexit, nothing gained by leaving! I HATE THIS CONSERVATIVE GOVERNMENT! I have lost 75% of my disability benefit and live on Charities/food bank. I have contributed over £0.5 million in tax over my lifetime, now destitute! prioritise the poor/weak!
And in the least surprising news of the day, Neil Warnock is pro Brexit. Have a feeling a lot of his non English squad members will not agree with his opinion at all...
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit - CreaWorldNews -
All this time and money wasted on Brexit and the trains are still pretty shit in this country. Priorities, right?!
May aides accuse MPs of bombshell Brexit 'coup' after eavesdropping in cloakroom …IS KOD EGO-IS ILLUSION
Eraser May: Her plan all along was to negociate a bad deal with the EU, so that the deal would be rejected by parliament. She then offers us her deal or no Brexit. This is not what the public voted for. No Deal? No problem! Now, the MSM are rallying anti brexit protestors.
Warnock launches pro-Brexit tirade: 'To hell with the rest of the world' what an arogantman
Context is everything, this tweet has none &amp; hopes you don't either
Agreement with either side of the #Brexit division is unimportant here. Whichever side you sit, it's easy to agree with this observation... and be disappointed and/or angry!
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
You sound so weak haha
I think Labour are better for working class but squander money &amp; if people voted for Brexit due to their views right/wrong on immigration... labour last people you want in for that The Tories suck &amp; Lib Dems have never got enough votes. Id like to see a overhaul of Parliament.
No it didn't say that Femi, ballot was remain or leave, why are you so confused about even this basic fact of Brexit?
My hope now in this is that post brexit we get some sort of political realignment including the end of FPTP allowing a true reflection of political leanings to have representation. Until then we are as May described us citizens of nowhere.
well personally i think dragging an entire country out of the EU when they voted against it is a breach of trust in democracy but good old theresa doesn’t give a shit about that xx
Didn't realise Brexit was about changing our capitals name also.
Its not 'solidarity'. What other options do 27 voices have?. Tow the line and be quiet. But yes. Ours has been a shambles from the start and all because the objective was to destroy Brexit.
The *only* thing of real substance from this morning on #Marr was what he said about John Bercow. #Corbyn actually supported Bercow for doing his job well &amp; for standing up for Parliament. Credit due. #Brexit #Lexit #Labour #FBPE #PeoplesVote #MarrShow
I don't know much (or actually anything) about football, but I'm not sure the 'Global Britain' message is quite getting through.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit #Malaysia #News
This thread v interesting, thanks. Seems hysterical to see this as gov v parl. Letwin &amp; Boles surely (&amp; Grieve maybe) want to help gov, build bridge for Lab MPs to back deal, keep C party together (key and understated factor) and work for softest Brexit that will avoid crash
Checkout the link. Fame at last, me, Andy from Manchester quoted in the guardian and the Sunday Observer alongside
There's no such thing as a jobs first brexit.
He didn’t actually make a fool of himself, he was lovely, educated, informative and unbiased against those who voted Brexit. You looked more stupid to be honest.
Poor Herr Corbyn! Hasn’t a clue who controls his party. Knows damn well the uk doesn’t want his precious GE! Will hold country to ransom, when business and people just want Brexit solved ASAP. PARTY POLITICS BEFORE THE COUNTRY!
Interesting view on democracy seeing as the democratic vote wasn't for a deal that actually keeps us tied to the EU. Also, perfect example of false dichotomy only providing 2 choices when neither are what were voted for. #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit
Lots and lots of Labour voters support Brexit !! Don’t believe the crap the media puts out. In 1973 Labour didn’t want to join the EU. Certainly Corbyn never wanted it
We are leaving !!! No deal is better than a bad deal. Politicians as usual resist the will of the people. Leave now - No deal Brexit !!!
I, as a remainer, would love to see a 2nd vote &amp; end to #Brexit but as part of mixed race family I fear a #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow would cause #BrexitChaos abuse &amp; violence for us that the police are not equipped to protect us from. It's reality not cowtowing to altright
Nothing to do with brexit, more like they're getting scared of a labour government.
Things will never be the same again after all this. Radical change is needed in our corrupt to the core establishment.
What on earth sparked that off? I didn’t see the original interview. “So Neil. I expect you’ll be disappointed to not pick up the win there amidst the political instability that is Brexit?”
Failing,
Shame corbyn won't tell us his position on brexit. Hardly priministerial behaviour.
Loving Neil warnocks press conference and his views on brexit #neilwarnock
Hello we are politically neutral and gave figures from across the parties in our ads . Here is one of Boris Do you agree with our 4 points? You can read more here
Government Ministers discuss prospect of the almost inevitable break-up of the #UK in the event of #Brexit
John McKee Solicitors e magazine is out! Stories via #brexit #uk_news
I would say yes , if labour remainers can halt Brexit , UKIP will grow again and they hope that would divide the Tory vote allowing a socialist government. But just as many UKIP supporters were originally labour so be careful what you wish for.
If only labour would come out in favour of a #PeoplesVote they'd win the next GE by a landslide. And I suspect such an election would occur almost immediately. Instead look at what this labour MP plans to do.
Everybody is mad with anger . It will happen . The Left, the Right, the abstainers etc . .. Common Purpose for everyone who has had ENOUGH. As they have, as I have .
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain
Believe it or not the whole country doesn't revolve around how multicultural football clubs are. Maybe Warnock opinion isn't a football based one. #Brexit
Forgetting his questionable political reasoning, what’s going on with his hair line? Like Robocop without the mask
No Deal Brexit Would Be ‘Catastrophic’ – Jeremy Corbyn
Pro-EU MPs step up campaign to stop proper Brexit
In which we podificate on - Sweary Brexit Nazis, Donald Duck and the Nazis, President Duck, Skepta, and a few FACTS!
David Lammy - Brexit speech - 10th January 2019 via
That's what confuses me about Labour.....what is their plan for brexit ???? ....I don't even think they no.
I am so sorry, we don't talk enough about how terrifying the situation of chronically ill people is re: Brexit and i think thats super irresponsible
Brexit mentality as displayed by this ignoramus. Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Stop talking and do something. Ps it’s nothing to do with Brexit like you keep trying to blame.
100% agree. May's deal is a bad deal for the UK
That would be the last deal the EU would make....so it won't happen...but dream on....a no deal and hard brexit will help UK to shut up all the brexiters forever and can rejoin within 3 years....
Corbyn's way is disastrous. He has no real understanding of the EU and /or he has a strategy, not yet revealed, that has Brexit at it's core. Pursuing his own political agenda, instead of following the will of his electorate. May's delusional disease seems to be very contagious.
Not really..
Brexit is a con!
Shame he's wrong. The EU will extend for a Ref. Revoking A50 will be the end of Brexit. It's called trust, the EU don't have alot of it anymore. Alot like the UK doesn't have trust in the Tories or Labour.
From his interview on 's show it does sound as though may not explicitly campaign for #Brexit if there is a general election. At least he couldn't bring himself to say it in an explicit manner... #BrexitCon #BrexitLies #BrexitShambles
Excellent idea from . This would achieve the ESSENTIAL object of treating party political preference as distinct from EU preference. People across all parties agree on EU membership but not on other issues.
David Lammy and the Fraud that is Brexit
A top notch rebuttal of the assertion we cannot remain an EEA contracting party may be very helpful in the coming weeks...
And they say I haven't got a clue.
Well, this is interesting #thanet #seaborne #brexit
It is when you've moved your funds over to Ireland. If you haven't repatriated them yet, you really ought to shut up about how much richer it is going to make you at the expense of the rest of us, you raging hypocrite.
PART 3: A delay in BREXIT Article 50 may be on its way via At All Costs!
The High Sparrow doesn’t have a clue does he?
He may be entitled to his opinion but I feel ashamed that we are closely associated with such a bigot like him. We live for the future, not the past. #pafc Neil Warnock on #Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world.
PM's deal not 'perfect', Grayling admits #ridge dodgy shine man speaks with tongue of big bad May #brexit .smiling lying shyster #failinggrayling
Yes, but he won’t, and it’s probably at least 6 months too late!
[IMO Trump and Brexit are symptoms of very similar problems] “The (Real) Emergency is Us” by umair haque
Tories on brink: Historic split looms as Brexiteers and Remainers threaten to torpedo government. Good we want no anti-democracy, Liberal Elitist, EU Quislings in OUR party! via
He is absolutely correct. Few, if any, of the country's problems will be solved by Brexit. I suspect many of them will be made worse.
Survation rounded it incorrectly, it's nearer 52/48. Also due to the small sample size ~1000 the figures are subject to large error limits around +/-3.5%. The Previous Survation poll was much larger ~20,000 &amp; predicted 54/46 so it's consistent with that.
Really hoping Cardiff get relegated now!
Trump insists Brexit is such a great deal!? $1 trillion is leaving Britain because of Brexit
Brexit. A vote in the UK parliament on Tuesday could sink the British government, lead to general election and a new Brexit referendum. Canada also informally talking trade with a post-EU Britain. London School of Economics joins us today.
We all know by now that May's ministers are in la la land. Most of the Tory party also seems in la la land. To think it used to boast it was the party of business and leadership. Look at them now. PATHETIC, SPECIOUS, DECEPTIVE.
That's because Brexit negotiations for the UK were carried out by people who didn't want Brexit. Nothing extraordinary about it. Just the usual dishonesty from politicians.
Airbus provides update on impact of Brexit No Deal/Deal scenarios
Yes they did and it is clear that the other countries get to say who joins them. Not an option. Nor is renegotiation, EU Negotiations are Ended. Ext Art 50 only considered if a change direction will be the outcome, Labour Brexit No change No Ext Art 50 Corbyn Pie in the Sky
Why have food banks, may as well just give people bags of hope! This is the best example of how #brexit loving people just don’t have the answer at all.
The exact reasons why Brexit is not the solution to any long standing inequalities #BrexitChaos #StrongerTogether #Remainer #StopBrexit
Puts it all into perspective.
Hypocrisy how about criminal charges - truly monumentally disgraceful this is allowed In modern day Britain - I get the “businesses would leave” but hey with Brexit that’s been taken care of - let’s start seeing proper tax rules tax havens controlled better such as % of tax must
I might have voted Labour in 2017 if they'd not been in favour of hard brexit. Now? No. Corbyn has lied and lied and lied. A pivot could work for him: but I cannot ever vote for a party led by him.
Agree. I have never demonstrated in my life, but more than Brexit is now at stake, our democracy or what’s left of it, currently hangs in the balance. I’m ready to take to our streets to fight for that. I will abandon my own party GE &amp; vote for a Brexit party.
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
This constituent wants to remain and reform from within! Brexit and no deal are a disaster. Whom are the people that think Brexit is a good idea?! Trump and Putin. Enough said.
Nodeal #brexit is a scandalous prospect, says UK liberal leader
So let me get this straight, the people voted to exit #Brexit and the left side of the government does not want to. Seems like #politics as usual
brexit means brexit
If #Brexit was so straitforward, as Neil Warnock claims, we would not be in the current political mess where only about 1/4 of MPs and just 1/4 of the public support May’s deal.
75 days to #Brexit and nobody knows what will happen. The country has driven into a cul-de-sac and doesn’t know how to get out of the situation: all of this was an enormous excercise of self-harm, they were not forced by anyone. You can’t make this stuff up....
David Davis: Kill Theresa May’s Brexit bill and set Britain free | News | The Sunday Times
“Starmer isn’t even allowed to speak” [Starmer makes a speech] “Well that’s mostly good but look he’s clearly under duress. If you watch his hands he’s actually signalling ‘please help me I want to stop Brexit but Jeremy Stalin won’t let me.’”
His deception...’we’ll renegotiate a better deal’, his lack of conviction ‘we’ll leave all options on the table’ ‘a jobs first brexit’ (that doesn’t exist)! His policies I do like, his ability to honestly deliver them, that’s what bothers me
David Davis: Kill Theresa May’s Brexit bill and set Britain free | News | The Sunday Times
This guys amazing, his club is owned by a Malaysian businessman! Only 5/20 Premier League clubs are wholly owned by British citizens, 2 of which sit in the relegation zone.......
I love how Warnock has half of Britain on strings
It would be more rewarding to ask my dog about Brexit than this blond, bumbling buffoon.
He resigned, becuase he had done what was intended, which was to wast two years of negotiating time to leave no time for anything other than a hard No-Brexit.
So what's this all about next week when they say MPs are taking control of Brexit from the government by voting to give themselves that power?
#StockMarketNews #WallStreet Top 5 Things to Watch This Week. Jan 14 to 18th. 1. #EarningsSeason 4Q 2. US #PPI, #RetailSales and #Housing data 3. #FED Speakers 4. #Brexit vote 5. China #TradeBalance, #GDP, #IP data
#Brexit Hype means hype. We need a second referendum. Many leavers now know better, that hype means hype, and they no longer believe they want to leave. It is not the best thing for all in our country. What was absolutely ridiculous was voting with no real information.
Sorry it’s not for me. 1) would do nil to resolve Brexit 2) would have to be a clear maj to avoid a hung parliament 3) I mistrust the Labour leader and don’t see him as keeping his word or being well informed- another mess-up govt not progress just cos red not blue
That sounds awful. D: Would you have a place where you could go? That might actually be hard for a chronically ill person in a no deal Brexit world.
There will only be granule based coffee post Brexit, primarily Mellow Birds.
You're very confused aren't you? Posting a clip of Hard Brexit Labour MP who's going to defy Corbyn (again) &amp; vote for May's deal yet you're still trying to smear Corbyn as a Brexiter?
Just doesn’t know how to handle himself does he
This will the Neil Warnock who has made a personal fortune from the massive inward investment in English football by the rest of the world #warnock
Struggling with your New Year's Resolution to lose weight? Why not try the Brexit diet? Brexit will ensure that you will never eat excessively again. Guaranteed, or no money back because we p*ssed it all away!
The idea that rows about Brexit will finish if they inflict a Bogus Ballot (peoples vote) is frankly for the birds. The Bogus Ballot will be boycotted and the result will be ignored. The fight for freedom will escalate in both vehemence and intensity
(1/5) If #Brexit is about immigration, Iwonder why these immigrants choose UK over EU ? Why risk an illegal crossover or dangerous swim, bad conditions at the Calais jungle ( ?
I'm not claiming it is better. Labour has has the same position on Brexit since the end of 2016. At no point has Labour said they will revoke A50.
They are going to delay #Article50 then they are going to overturn #Brexit
May is wrong! The Brexit she has so say “negotiated” is no good for anyone! Breach of trust! Huh, nobody voted for this!
I need a Defence Against the Daft Farts class to cope with this f.u.c.k.i.n.g.i.n.s.a.n.i.t.y.
Let him speak for himself then. Busybody.
A no deal #Brexit would hurt EU – and Irish – exporters the most
Be 'brave' and face down far right over second Brexit referendum, tells MPs
An interesting read here:
Brexit is turning into a right Brexshite. Two years ago the British decided that they wanted a ‘divorce ‘ from the EU because the martiage to the EU had irrevocably broken down. Divorce settlements...
Reality CZECH! What is Jacob Rees-Mogg doing in Prague just hours ahead of BREXIT VOTE?
Britain's far-right faces of hate exposed at pro-Brexit yellow vests rally
Sadly that map doesn't represent today's real opinions and beliefs of #BREXIT. The image is 2016, what you'll find is a 2018 map would show a very Pro-Brexit display, with a very diminished remain. #ProjectFear thankyou for supporting our BREXIT.
The US is watching to see whether the UK will stand firm to its commitment to respecting the will of the people and their decision to Brexit.
The court will remain in place post Brexit of course but will not be legally obliged to remain under it’s jurisdiction
Time to abandon dodgy Corbyn and his Brexit Band
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
Corbyn, leading a party overwhelmingly in favour of remaining in the EU, wants to deliver a fantasy Brexit. Outside the EU but with a say over EU trade deals. Give me strength!!!
being called a Nazi, isn't because of #Brexit this is down to the current and existing #hypocritical behavior from both sides...not one side is without transgression #politics
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain with move to London
Have you even got a brexit policy?
Three routes to an election: 1) May's deal passes &amp; loses DUP support. 2) May's deal fails, Plan B is WTO, loses support of remain MPs. 3) May's deal fails, Plan B soft brexit, loses support of ERG. voters win elections, not remain MPs, be wise to remember that.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Jeremy Corbyn has set his sights on taking over Brexit negotiations, confirming he will call a no confidence vote to trigger a general election "soon" if Theresa May's current deal is rejected in parliament
‘We are being abandoned’: Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Need to boot these people out of the party... no one with an ounce of integrity should side with this government
Propping up this cruel Tory government is not what Labour MPs were elected to do. They were elected to fight the Tories &amp; their conscious cruelty. No Labour MP should vote with the Tories on their shambolic deal this week #GTTO #Deselection
Struggling to understand the idea that Labour could prevent Brexit. It would be the end of them if they tried to stop something voted for less than 3 years ago. We saw what happened when the Lib Dems inserted themselves into government without democratic backing.
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Well Brian, I kicked the argument and it went straight in the back of the net.
Clearly, he doesn’t want to be paid...
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Thousands of troops on standby as UK ramps up no deal Brexit preparations
I would add to that the state of the and in particular it's role in #BrexitShambles and pandering to the right wing members of the tories and UKIP. and journalists have much to answer to. I look forward to the public inquiry
I’m sure the people in Leave voting areas would really rather see some of that than get even poorer.
The silent majority voted to leave the EU. Your deal does not deliver Brexit. I don't doubt you are a nice lady, but you are a weak Prime Minister.
Britain faces higher taxes and spending cuts after #Brexit #AJextra #Remain
Democracy. Free to those who can afford it, very expensive for those that can’t. #BrexitTookMyJob #Brexit #Sunderland
Which bit of majority of Labour voters voted Leave is so difficult for these people to understand. Softening Brexit wont win over Labour voters - a strong WTO one might.
Its time to start stockpiling Toblerones, fondue and cuckoo clocks #brexit #Switzerland #toblerone #fondue #cuckooclock
If the vote had been called a 'raffle' it would not have been allowed, as in a raffle by LAW the top prize must actually exist. Due to the fact the top prize in the Brexit raffle was fictional the whole thing is void.... no winners.. no losers.. only the lied to populous.
Brexit brings surprise boost for Bulgarian resorts
We should be talking more about how terrifying no deal Brexit is for chronically ill people. There are serious consequences to this
It will get through to some, but i think the best thing now, o matter what your position, is to just point out how confused he is over Brexit.
WTO is a default position, not a deal. No-deal Brexit: 'Not realistic' for UK to start trading under WTO rules ... No-deal Brexit: 'Not realistic' for UK to start trading under WTO rules ...
Our orchestras and other musical institutions increasingly will need to look to those from abroad to find musicians with the appropriate skills. But with Brexit, maybe some of them will have no choice but to reinvent themselves as amateur groups. :(
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
MPs must vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal in large enough numbers to kill it forever via
Anyway.....I voted leave....now I want to remain. #brexit is not going to happen, the peoples vote is coming #Remain will win by a landslide
It is a real possibility the country will have a General Election and not know what kind of #Brexit Jeremy Corbyn will seek or whether he will submit it to a #PeoplesVote This is no better than “strong and stable” Theresa May #BrexitShambles #marr
If you voted leave apparantly you're fair game...
NHS/austerity/inequality matter far more to most people's lives than brexit does
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain
Run the clock down for no deal brexit Same as it’s always been
That’s cause THEY ARE WOKE! For the umpteenth time I’ll say how thankful I am for Pres Trump, Q/Anons &amp; American Patriots who started rolling this ball to open eyes World Wide. We just need to work together to help them continue this glorious awakening! #GreatAwakening #WWG1WGA
Neil Warnock sums up the zeitgest. "I can’t wait to get out of it, if I’m honest. I think we’ll be far better out of the bloody thing. In every aspect. Football-wise as well, absolutely. To hell with the rest of the world.” #Brexit #NeilWarnock #warnock
The truth, I feel, somewhere in between: 1. #Brexit was never going to be easy - but right approach could make it less much less difficult. 2. The EU has changed and is capable of changing - in both good ways and bad ways.
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? Labour’s leader stands on the principle that members make party policy – and the majority of them are Remainers
The U.K. was one of the most frequently defendants until the Human Rights Act created British jurisdiction over such disputes. People who think the HRA is a reason to leave the EU also don’t get this.
BREXIT collars now available for cats!
Yes, Brexit is a massive Issue but there is so much more going on politically. I, for one, will be voting on a range of issues in the event of a snap election. Not just bleddy Brexit. I have a brain!
Well a vote for Brexit was a vote for democracy. How can remoaners not see how toxic and undemocratic the EU is? Yet the same remoaners say we can change the EU from within. The EU can't be changed from within because they don't want to change.
Why oh why are the people who say they are patriots unable to communicate in their own language? Dimwits all of them.
May May Be Out In Hours
Shut up Andrew. We were sold a pack of lies, as you well know, so stop trying to work people up. People did not understand what Brexit meant then, we do now and the majority no longer want it. You need to learn to respect this #BrexiTears
Except for his ignorance of the ECJ and his blattent support of Brexit, yes he came across as worse than May and that's saying something
Jeremy Corbyn: We will do ‘everything’ to prevent no-deal Brexit via PdP
Lying #tory #chrisgrayling claims #Brexit block could boost far right is 'gutter politics'
It isn't a difficult choice is it? We either sign the withdrawal agreement meaning that we either abandon NI in the SM and CU or align with EU rules or we leave without an agreement. The latter is eminently more sensible.
Neil Warnock brought on Joe Ralls and left Murphy on the bench yesterday. Not adding much weight to his #Brexit standpoint. Wants to focus on getting some 3 points before he starts on something slightly more complexed.
He’s a bloody idiot. How any football manager can see brexit as a good thing (certainly short term) for the British game is beyond me.
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Anyone who thinks Labour is equally responsible for Brexit as the Conservative Party has a short memory or has lost touch with reality. This mess was created by David Cameron calling a referendum to settle a row in his own party.
This is state of U.K. politics. Our politicians don’t even know what they are talking about!
Lots of don't knows. They swung to Tories in 2015 and Labour in 17 (and leave in the ref). I can see a nasty wave of nationalism post Brexit which the Tories are in a position to game for their advantage..
When flag waving is better than food. “Feel like your grandfather” a winning argument #Brexit
And people wonder why there is no trust in politicians. Whether you voted for Brexit or not, there’s an awful stinks and who bears the brunt, the dutiful tax payer.
Drudge_Report LAST 72 HOURS? May could be out Wednesday if she loses Brexit vote...
Be 'brave' and face down far right over second Brexit referendum, Sadiq Khan tells MPs
If MPs did the honourable thing, they would deliver a No-Deal Brexit: but they are doing their best to deny the 17.4m vote leave voters who trusted them. Instead of uniting behind a Brexit plan, they are squabbling and fighting like alley cat's, and draggin' this country down.
be interesting to Venn the PV pushing group in Labour and the social welfare abstainers - given how concerned the PV folk are about causes of the Brexit vote.
Ahh. whose party advocated EU Ref!!!. Mr Clegg even produced leaflet which was posted out to public telling us all how having an EU Ref was vitally necessary. Vince, who couldn't be bothered to turn up for Brexit vote. Oh well "dream on" Mr Cable. It's all your fault.
It’s official: time to be frightened for our country
Airbus provides update on impact of Brexit No Deal/Deal scenarios
With all due respect to NSoames, he lives in privileged la la land. Brexit will unleash far right forces that will cause untold misery throughout 4 nations. We must stop that. Compromise based on a deal that few respect, &amp; that lessens our sovereignty, is not an answer long term.
What do you suggest to do then? Half of the population is going to feel ignored whether Brexit happens or not.
I reckon she'd be better off opposing breakfast instead of Brexit
Somehow this makes more sense that his actual answers.
No-deal Brexit is only way to take control of UK borders, says ex-Tory leader I agree with you we'll be able to take control of our Country's borders our Laws why have we turned into a Nation of Jelly Baby's all soft in the head.
Wow this uk yellow vest movement really stands for some wild things!
shitting on the electorate again...
If a or said they should lead the World everyone would be up in arms. reveals EU global ambitions for a federal Europe with its own Army. Member states will have complete economic dependence on the EU and little say on it. #Brexit
Is Corbyn playing a higher order game to banish the Conservatives for the long term... IE allowing a drift into hard Brexit demonstrating Conservative incompetence and untrustworthyness and then seeking lasting power as people suffer distress linked to Tories poor handling. Mmmm
The ignorance of this is bewildering. We know what Remainers want - it's very clear. However, Leavers had many reasons for leaving, and to get the best for all, you need to listen On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan
I meant the hard Brexiteers went and got some soft Brexiteers to come along tell us how good Brexit would be.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Brexit.
But Brexit will make Brexiteers a lot of money and all those who fell for it will have no way back...ever.
health secretary Matt Hancock has boasted he is now the biggest single purchaser of fridges in the world, in order to store medicines, while biz secretary Greg Clark has warned of the “mounting alarm” at what is seen in global boardrooms as UK’s collective outbreak of madness.
Heartbreakingly accurate thread.
In the #Brexit speak , everyone realized after the referendum that they voted for anj ideology and ignore facts altogether. In the same way #Gwede Mantashe wants the #Xolobeni matter wants to be debated. No facts but populism.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
If there is anything that can destroy BREXIT, it's this
Well well well has he grown a pair? Is it the right moment? Does Labour actually have a chance of winning a general election ?
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic bulls...! Going through with it is a goal of Putin
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to get out. To hell with the rest of the world’
Yes this is the most remarkable thing about Brexit: a union of 27 states - ranging from robust liberal democracies to nascent autocracies, with governing parties from far right Lega &amp; Fidesz to far left Syriza - has maintained more unity than the UK.
As an ex ex-computer programmer who probably wrote some of the code that had to be rewritten, I find this analogy offensive!
Not Jeremy Corby’s fault the country is in the mess it is. He has plenty of time to make public his views on backing Brexit or not after the vote on Tuesday. Meanwhile we have children hungry at school to say nothing about people sleeping on the streets.
Imagine these politicians manage to overthrow Brexit, what schemes will they come up with next?! The UK electorate will be at the mercy of not only being rule takers of the EU but under the sword of our own HoC and HoL!! This is not just a fight for leave but to protect DEMOCRACY
Ah yet another #Brexit-er with no arguments to offer. Only abuse.
Chris Grayling denies ‘void’ in government over Brexit plan B
Jeremy Corbyn has set his sights on taking over Brexit negotiations, confirming he will call a no confidence vote to trigger a general election "soon" if Theresa May's current deal is rejected in parliament
We had a people's vote already and Brexit was passed , now we have all the democracy and sovereignty hating remoaners trying to overturn it!
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal: MPs are said… TheBikiniCalendar
Somehow this gargoyle becomes even more dislikable. Reckon his payouts from getting sacked will keep him ticking. Anyone still ignoring experts shouldn't be allowed doctors/dental/legal appointments etc.
Some desperate MPs seeing the gravy train coming to and end and wanting us to stay in at any cost, even if that's anarchy or civil war imo #Brexit
The prize is a democratically sovereign nation brexit gives us that what part did you miss
Guy is a buffoon, sorry for Cardiff City. Maybe blaming Brexit for poor performances.
Obvious eh!
I live in Spain and had to fill in documents and prove marriage, fund's etc to gain residence. Not citizenship so in theory after Brexit we may be required to fill in more forms prove more personal information to remain here. I understand her anxiety
Negotiations are over. Why is he still blathering on about it?
MPs Attempting to Wrest Control of Brexit! via
No Brexit equates to civil war
#Brexit The caterer: Helen Burnham 42 and her husband, Duncan, a private chef, in French Alps run successful catering business in Belleville valley, part of Trois Vallées - “We’re going to be ones who lose out: British citizens in EU. EU nationals may face barriers to living...
... in Britain, but they’ll still have the other 27 member states to choose from. After #Brexit, we won’t.” They'll lose half their annual income, as when work catering 4 French, British, Belgian n Dutch clients in ski chalets is quiet during summer months, they ...
In a nutshell
move their business to private villas in Spain, Portugal or Greece.#Brexit
Jeremy Corbyn already has asked the living. #Brexit was a very polarizing debate, and the goal now is to bring the country together. It doesn't matter whether you voted Leave or Remain, the fact remains that Tory cuts are killing everyone and May is lying every time her lips move
EU Referendum Reminder. #Brexit began as an illegal deceitful project. It has now become absolutely obscene! What lies behind this sinister #ERG driven national disgrace? They must not be allowed to turn the UK into a Banana Republic - #Remain
What a disgusting embarrassment that little man is. Brexit made these vile people think they can speak to other people like this
Corbyn wants general elections for his own #Brexit instead of a #2ndreferendum… Then you can wait for the return of the . Can someone set #Corbyn free from his illusions or from him?
Fuck off james you’re a cunt and everyone saw the this week on TV. You’re nothing but an evil narcissist who doesn’t give a shit about anyone
The guy just looks completely Brexit, why are you surprised?
I have written to my MP asking him to vote down May’s deal and push for an extension to Article 50 and a /final say
Wait a moment, who was it that promised the exact same benifits from the EU post Brexit? His name was DAVID DAVIS! You sir are either forgetful or a liar...
I say all this as a Remain voter who was pretty annoyed with Corbyn after the referendum. There's no valid case for a 2nd referendum and no time for a 2nd referendum. The public chose Brexit and any political party that disrespects this is finished.
£10 for every £1:
BREXIT Explained. British &amp; Americans are truly lost. They used to lecture everyone on how superior their system of Governance really is.
How will Brexit impact the US economy ?
She's been spruiking Brexit on UK radio. Maybe both visiting the mother country?
You don’t say!
- UK News Beyond BBG - * BBC: Ministers battle to save Brexit deal * Guardian: Brexit Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over plan B * The Times: Revealed: Commons plot to seize control from May
Most people accept taxes will go up after #Brexit - #AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin
A good find Alf.
When do we ditch the fool and breakaway for an anti Brexit centre party
Sad-eek - Thinks nothing of blowing 21 grad on anti Brexit propaganda.
Russia's taking advantage of the chaos over Brexit to push far right populism in countries all over Europe. Another reason we need to #StopBrexit &amp; work with the EU to undo the hateful nationalistic propaganda sweeping Europe &amp; uphold decency &amp; democracy.
I'd go further and say that this also accounts for much of the synthetic outrage over Brexit from the new right - they don't actually give a shit except that it allows them to crystallize a differnece between themselves and the rest of us
No Fareham Hants saving £120m and creating 70 jobs only Brexit dividend I have found
A breach of trust in democracy happened when you promoted fake pictures, lied about immigration and knowingly mislead the public about the consequences of Brexit! A worse breach was then telling the people that they shouldn’t be allowed to change their minds! #PeoplesVote
Why is Laura so worried? She will clearly sail through the post Brexit cheese famine with ease.
lol. in the 6 counties.. where i proudly voted Brexit. #irexit
Somehow this makes more sense than his actual answers.
HuffPostUKPol: Be 'brave' and face down far right over second Brexit referendum, Sadiq Khan tells MPs
Dont TRUST BAVARIA Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
I think you need to go back to politics school. Your use of the semantics of democracy sucks. Stop using this vile propaganda.
Hits the nail on the head.
This brexit issue seems to have skewed some peoples understanding of what a parliamentary democracy is all about. Whichever side people are on it is very important that our elected MPs get a say we are not a dictatorship &amp; hope we never will be.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
This is really sad. Sorry, I will never vote for a racist party, let alone a Brexit party, and I was a lifelong Labour member and a committed activist. If you think that makes me a Tory you are the mystifying one.
Did the public understand such ramifications before the #BrexitReferendum. I doubt it. $1 trillion is leaving #Britain because of #Brexit.
Show me a more Brexit tweet and I'll call you a liar.
bielsa voted brexit
To hell with the rest of the world?Does his idea of Brexit mean importing and exporting to themselves then? #GobShite
I, as a remainer, would love a 2nd vote &amp; end to #Brexit but as part of mixed race family I fear a #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow would cause #BrexitChaos abuse &amp; violence for us that police aren't equipped to protect us from. It's reality, not cowtowing to altright
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
The Observer view on Jeremy Corbyn’s need to show some leadership on Europe | Observer editorial | Opinion | The Guardian
Look, I’m sorry, but that is still just assertion Also, the EU is likely sick &amp; tired of #Brexit after 2yrs of slog and clearly want it over, one way or the other It’s not as if they don’t have other fish to fry
Europe is disintegrating into civil war! People have had enough of leaders not listening! If brexit is not delivered this type of revolt would happen here! For gods sake listen to the result and carry out the will of the people!
Agreed, labours unicorn Brexit is unnegotiable and unrealistic
Portugal biosecurity is terrorism and I agree Brexit must sustain maintenance they cannot shall bylaw Westminster return either ways sameness since they're unwilling thoughtfully can and such benign humanities running worse biosecurity in Portugal then world war two
WREXIT: This is the real plan to vacate the Brexit referendum results
‘In the decade up to 2015, typically fewer than 10% of Britons named the EU as “one of the most important issues facing the country”, according to polling by Ipsos Mori. Even in the 2015 election, only 6% said the EU was the main issue. Brexit barely featured in the campaign.
MPs who votes 2 accept #TheresaMay Brexit get ready for the unemployment market. One thing, least you can experience the utter torture the British Public endure when life’s tough, the DWP who ruin lives of many. #JeremyCorbyn get this NO CONFIDENCE vote sorted and out the Tories!
It’s very very simple. Putting party befor country is why we have #brexit! Parties that continue to do this in their policy decisions will be judged harshly by history and punished for it sooner or later. Welcome to the
Mr.Neil Warnock , instead of boasting about how much you love Brexit and how you can’t wait to leave, you should direct your energy in saving your team from relegation. That’s your job, right? Otherwise you might really leave sooner than expected...If you know what I mean.
No thanks then
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain
He is deliberately lying. This is not a misstatement. never opens his mouth without thinking it through very carefully. Long game.
It's all very well and good but the Labour party position on brexit is the same as the others, neither voted leave. It's just power crazy. Deliver no deal brexit as was voted for and your in
Worried about Brexit? Ignore the B-word and follow these 10 tips on how to go about landing the right position
The Sunday Times today reports on a plot to stop Brexit, one that may well succeed. The lead conspirators are Oliver Letwin (Jewish), John Bercow (Jewish), Dominic Grieve (Jewish ancestry) and Nick Boles (gay partner of an Israeli). #JQ #BrexitBetrayal
1 April formally (the day after brexit... what could possibly go wrong?!) although on hols so first day in office 9 April. If I can get back into the country that is!
You resigned your position in the cabinet because you had no confidence in them delivering Brexit. Will you stand by your principles and vote against the government in a no confidence vote.
I thought the whole point of Brexit was parliament regaining its sovereignty? So how comes when they do it’s suddenly a coup?
I’m just hoping I’m being dim, but just can’t understand. We either walk into Brexit and fall off a cliff or someone stands up and leads
1/ Reading an article by George Will on Brexit, where he makes the following claim: "Direct democracy is dangerous because public sentiments need to be refined by filtration through deliberative institutions." This is not the point of a representative democracy.
&amp; much, much more. You have to wonder what's really driving #Brexit ers: they're willing to give up all their EU rights &amp; freedoms, see GDP growth nosedive, the £ bomb, people losing their livlihoods... &amp; for no tangible benefits. Why?
Interesting article exploring Jacob's fathers influence. Was his investment philosophy shaped by books such as "Blood in the streets: Investment profits in a world gone mad"?
Lets get signing folks
The latest The Management Training Daily! Thanks to #marr #brexit
Enough already
Brexit: Direct Democracy Fail | National Review - - National Review Anti-Brexit protestors gather outside Downing Street in London, England, January 2, 2019. (Henry Nicholls/Reuters) Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerou...
Warnock - the intellectual icon of Brexit
#StopBrexit - either by revoking A50 or a referendum. We already have the best deal possible. The causes of #Brexit urgently need attention. FIXIT should be our aim: fixing the very real problems behind the ‘Leave’ vote, in the UK and in the EU. Not running away to fantasy land.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
Listen to the last thing Marr says... Vince are you the problem? YOU SHOULD BE DOING SO MUCH BETTER AT A TIME LIKE THIS !
It’s Moscow’s Mad World...... Their puppets are facilitating Russia’s agenda to overturn rules-based liberal international order.
Coming from a man whos Anti Corbyn agenda is blatant, Im surprised he gives you and your ilk at the Beeb the time of day
God the people who have brought us to this calamity and completely unnecessary crisis ... Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal -
That's precisely my point - it won't bring back jobs in certain industries that are no longer relevant as we move to new ways of doing things (i.e. clean energy). People need to be invested in and Brexit won't do that and neither will this government.
Corbyn has pissed off both sides by trying to play both sides. He doesn't have the votes for a no confidence against the government, he'd lose a general election on a brexit platform anyway. It's time to resign.
They’re going to overthrow Brexit, May’s weakness and her Remain agenda, is allowing the traitorous Remainers like Grieve, Soubry &amp; Bercow to take back control and will keep us chained to the stinking rotten EU.. Democracy is dead, we live in a banana republic..
The reason Corbyn’s opponents want a ‘Stop Brexit’ Labour Party? It would lead to a 400+ seat Tory government via
Is BBC worth paying for or even having? It is British State Monopoly, Relic of the past and riddled with propaganda. Do the elderly really want to listen to every twist and turn of BREXIT on a nano second basis?
Which asks the question, Will the owners pull out because of brexit? Of course they wont
Don't believe that incorrigible (who has blocked me by the way). Here are links that don't mention 2060 re 39 billion. Keep your reputation intact please.
I won't be voting with people's vote lurking in the background as a carrot to a donkey. No to Labour brexit.
There are 1797 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
There are 1797 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
Could a citizens’ assembly break #Brexit deadlock?
believes the Indian diaspora has a lot to offer post-Brexit Britain if only its value is fully utilised by the government. Read more on:
Time until BREXIT is 75 days, 08 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
is voting for the PM's EU Withdrawal agreement a way for the #PLP to start the removal of Jeremy Corbyn - after all, they voted overwhelmingly not to support him as leader. Why support him now and he goes against them and the party membership ? #BraveEnough?
From cabinet moves to a Green groove, talks shuffle strategy, climate change, and Brexit on this week's show. #cdnpoli
Stockpiling won’t prevent bumpy Brexit by Shane Brennan ( ) #Brexit
New post ('We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote) has been published on Parsian English News -
Brexit is 1809 hours away. #brexit
This is what happens if you call people names! But if you are a possible terrorist, murderer, or rapist arriving by dinghy on the south coast you will be given a nice hot dinner, new clothes, money, and a new home. Britain today!! #brexit #Immigrants
A yearly brexit threatens all of us. People voted for a contumacious brexit and that's what we must ensure politicians give us!
For the only deal that actually works
Paul, give it that it's patently obvious that he's pro brexit, Corbyn will lose. His vote of no confidence in the government will fail due to lack of numbers. Then what? Fallback of a #PeoplesVote? The electorate having to choose between the two brexits?
Analysis: Why Britain can't escape Brexit, however much it wants to :Auto pickup by wikyou
No Brexit would 100% stop anything like like happening in the future
Breach of trust!!!!!
The true face of Labour - this is why all of the main parties need to be swept away. Anti-British parasites the lot of them
Be &amp;#039;Brave&amp;#039; And Face Down Far Right Over Second Brexit Referendum, Sadiq Khan Tells MPs...
tacky brexit
My verdict: Communities still hurting since austerity and greedy bankers. Use the vote to Brexit as data on where investment is needed the most in England + Wales, then commit to EU for Scot and NI's sake if not ours. would get my vote even if they "can't win here".
“I can’t wait to get out of it, if I’m honest. I think we’ll be far better out of the bloody thing. In every aspect. Football-wise as well, absolutely. To hell with the rest of the world.”
Nigel the time has come for the launch of a new party, pro brexit, non racist, anti labour/tory/liberal/Green With a donation of £5 per member(many would give more) if only 2 million of the 17.4 support you this would generate a war chest of 10mil. What do u say.?
Article 50 should be revoked. This country voted for a hard brexit, even in the face of experts telling them it was dangerous &amp; unsafe. That government reneged on the deal. A new government was voted in promising to brexit in their manifesto. Manifesto pledges are often broken
The Labour Party Verified account Here's everything you wanted to know about our Brexit position.
Corbyn has pissed off both sides by trying to play both sides. He doesn't have the votes for a no confidence against the government, he'd lose a general election on a brexit platform anyway. It's time to resign.
London is London. #london is a melting pot of languages, cultures, nationalities, sexualities, genders.
and by putting forward leave supporting candidates in the GE that would surely follow, as it would most certainly bring down the govt,they would win a landslide hands down in Tory seats with conniving remain MPs who're trying to block brexit
At the same time Brexit activist James Goddard was arrested for calling MP Anna Soubry a facist? Soubry undoubtedly is a facists,she is denying democracy and not representing the electorate, prefering instead to dictate her own oppinions. Facist=. dictatorial, undemocratic,
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here …Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Or if David Milliband had won in 2010.
Notes from a Broken Society - Everybody out – time for Labour members to strike over Brexit?
The country wants to decide the big issue of the day, Brexit or Remain. Corbyn like the Tories wants to deliver Brexit. We don’t need a GE we need to let the people decide. #PeoplesVote
Major buy to let lender targets companies and &amp;#039;Brexit worriers&amp;#039;
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit #news
Wasn’t Brexit won on the promise of getting a great deal?
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
Excellent speech on Brexit from
No deal wto clean brexit gives us the most certainty a referendum or election or extending art 50 more likely to cause chaos let’s just leave &amp; focus on the future
There is only one problem with a WTO-terms, 'no-deal' Brexit: we don't have a government or indeed a parliament that is competent to lead the country.
A no deal Brexit would hurt EU – and Irish – exporters the most'! Good, they deserve it!
2 governments run by conservative politicians. Not a coincidence.
The only thing Labour can do is to try and seek the least destructive Brexit possible. I fail to understand the attitudes of Remainers that won't support them in this. It is literally the only alternative to a Tory Brexit. Staying is not an option.
They fight for the many... by promoting brexit and huge job losses while lying to voters. Yeah. No. Not joining.
Apologies....dont know where the word 'white'came from.
Could you imagine if that was I think it’d take over the #brexit vote
If it is now Gov policy to deliver Brexit to avoid upsetting the far right, shouldn’t people be taking a serious look at what Brexit is about!?
John, under your scenario of a no deal cliff edge departure you make dangerous assumptions, a poor MP bases his or her judgements on fact not fiction. You are taking a huge amount for granted and it is not helping move the debate on. #brexitshambles #Brexit 1/2
As a Scottish Conservative of long-standing (albeit now living in London) I look to the #Brexit stance of and and I’m saddened. Smart and loyal they seem to have been swept up in a hyperbolic maelstrom which diminishes them.
Karen Bradley has said that a No-deal Brexit could create 'feelings of unrest' and put the current UK constitution at risk. So .... Will we soon see moves for a United Ireland and an independent Scotland ? Wither Wales? Would England really care?
Oh dear, no wonder members are now asking far more deeper questions about JC, how long can he last in office ?
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote via
#catest returns tomorrow! #as2 Brexit latest: I'm confused... what's happening?
One of the great ironies of modern politics is that Jeremy Corbyn refuses to provide a real choice on the foremost issue facing Britain.
UK Conservatives on the brink of imploding over Brexit
He did a great job. When one has enemies inside the team sabotaging everything then one can hardly achieve a success. Remainers are everywhere sabotaging Brexit in every possible way.
#British ingenuity. #Brexit
You forgot to mention that almost everyone in Parliament was elected on a manifesto pledge to deliver Brexit.
The real divide of our country is that Brexit is a fraud bought by millionaires and sold to people as a solution to austerity. You cannot support a mendacious and fraudulent way to do politics. The Brexit referendum needs to be re-run.
He's not sure if he knows, and that's based on what happens next, and then given a range of possible outcomes he's not sure what he thinks about those either. Yep, he's got my vote (although I'm not sure about that)
Brexit: Your Simple Guide to the UK Leaving the EU
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay utterly unable to explain Plan B in baffling TV interview
Are you attending our Ready for Brexit: Q&amp;A panel with Ministers and senior officials tomorrow? Get tickets here: Put your questions directly to Ministers and officials about Brexit preparations. Email your questions to: letstalkbrexit .je #ReadyBrex
To hell with the rest of the world?Does his idea of Brexit mean importing and exporting to themselves then? #GobShite
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Latest clip, this one debunking the disgusting lies our Prime Minister put out on Friday in a clip called "The Brexit Deal on Citizens' Rights &amp; Our Borders". Enjoy! #FreedomOfMovement #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Remain2019 #NoRegionLeftBehind #Stay
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan | Politics
British border in Ireland
His argument fell apart as quick as Brexit.
Nicely put I will not vote for a party that promotes Brexit in any form #stay
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley |
By pushing Tory brexit... he is ensuring a country of brexiteer millionaires... not for the many A true betrayal of ever there was
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal - BBC News
What a prat. If he loses his job (even if it's his own fault), he'll get a huge payout. Millions of others could potentilaly lose their jobs after Brexit and get nothing !!
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B
Yawn and blocked...You pitiful Blairite Brexit troll.
The truly frustrating thing about this Brexit cop-out is we can all see what’s going on; we can see our democracy dissolving before our eyes but we can’t do anything about it. We are throwing our ‘paradise’, which 1/2 the world want to come &amp; share, in the bin. Utterly insane!
A Very Jewish Coup: the Plot to Stop Brexit
Brexit summed up: Driver puts destination in sat nav, on the way the sat nav states it's blocked by a big wall. The driver wants to keep going ignoring this fact stating "arrive means a arrive!" Even with a car full of passengers
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
has just hosted a phone in based on the premiss that the #Grieve amendment allows Parliament to stop UK leaving #EU on 29 March. Not according to the Institute for Government .....
A very strong editorial piece in today’s . Please, please PLEASE listen, , ,
I've been wondering: when Brexit has gone through and things fall apart, who are people going to blame for all the problems?
The premiership is like Brexit. You will be alright and have more fun !
Fox + MAGA = you simply don't have the intellectual ability to put it all together. Putin's plan and the role Trump, Bannon, Mercers, Fox all play in taking down two Democracies. Even when evidence stares them in the face. Treason by so-called Americans
Be 'Brave' And Face Down Far Right Over Second Brexit Referendum, Sadiq Khan Tells MPs -
Perhaps should read this thread. She may learn something!
I, for one, won’t be taking seriously the views on Brexit from a man that spits in little girls faces.
Platform’s up. But I’m not sure about our new logo. #Brexit #itn
No one has any idea what Labour's policy on Brexit is.
Brexit: risk flagged over websites and email access
I agree she is quite prepared to push on without confirming whether there is a majority for her deal. Surely it would be democratic to give everyone a vote on the deal.
Is there anyone stupid enough to actually want this treacherous Marxist to be our Prime Minister. BBC News - Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
A #PeoplesVote is the only way out of this #Brexit mess. It's good for Leavers and it's good for Remainers.
No but politics programmes will be a lot more interesting once the EU deal and Corbyn's no confidence vote are rejected. Maybe then we will finally be able to work out how brexit will play out.
I suported Remain to fight from within. But now after vote for Brexit support a Labour non racist non xenophobic brexit to undermine extreme right. We can reject influence on our legistation but still cooperate on trade &amp; other issues.&amp; build internationalism not just in europe
It's the Puppet Master's (aka Putin) master plan. Look at England (Brexit), France (Yellow Vests) &amp;of course the U.S. (Trump as an asset), etc. Who wins in all of these battles? Putin &amp;Russia. Global dominance can come without war or force. We're seeing it happen before our eyes.
#UK #Brexit David Davis: Kill Theresa May’s Brexit bill and set Britain free | News | The Sunday Times
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit -
Very good idea. Extremely democratic, gives clarity and direction. Therefore highly unlikely to happen. Parliament really do need to stand up! This coming week!
Classic #Remainers
David Cameron implied in a speech about the "serried rows of white headstones" that World War 3 would be upon us if Brexit occurred. The last time I checked the UK had not invaded Poland or any other country, and therefore we must conclude this was a lie.
Cancer, sea life, mental health: the UK research that will be hit by Brexit
I don't want Brexit nor a future right wing (Boris?) Tory government (with emboldened right wing thugs) nor a very left Corbyn/JMD government (with emboldened SWP/STW/anti Semitism) Pro EU moderate Labour with a new leader and direction please, for us all.
Catastrophic for her, very probably.
How much of taxpayers hard earned cash have you wasted advertising your own political views about Brexit on the Underground?
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
All right you lot ( ) why can't us, in Australia, download your intellectual game? Have we already been Brexit'ed then?! Share the fun!!! #8outof10Cats #1Vowel3Consonants #2Big4Small #GameShowapps
May’s deal is a bad deal because Brexit is a bad idea. Scrap the bad deal then scrap the bad idea. This chaos is a choice. We can make a different one.
In a final act of betrayal, a cross-party Remainer alliance has conspired to kill off Brexit via
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy
I’ve voted for and Dominic Grieve in every general election I’ve ever participated in. No more. I’ll be voting for sure, but not for him. His efforts to do any and everything to stop Brexit, overriding democracy, fundamentally runs against my conservative beliefs
Surprised Mike (a PR guy) doesn't see this... or chooses not to. I find him rivetting. His (pro-Corbyn) line "tough on the causes of Brexit" was a highlight!
Speaking in the Commons last week, Liberal Democrat leader Vince Cable said he had been told by civil servants of contingency plans to slaughter a third of all British sheep in the...
It's not a long way off at all. Even without Brexit the demographics speak for themselves. It would have been 15-20 years at most, now it will be a lot sooner. Havent a notion in regards to Maduro, all I know is that he is a socialist.
Brexit chief Stephen Barclay utterly lost over Plan B in baffling TV interview
Here’s a thread full of liberals ridiculing poor and working ppl who are facing things like suicide, hunger and homelessness, apparently because they don’t write so good. Don’t be like these ppl.
typical rhetoric from someone of his demographic
Motion of no confidence will be tabled 'soon', says Corbyn - live
Exactly right. Brexiteer MPs have to realise if they dont vote for this then chances are they could end up with a much softer brexit if government changes its negotiating stance.
"Feelings"
May's deal is akin to having a divorce where you you earn all of the money, your partner gets all the money and the house, you do all the housework, no fun, no sex just do as you're told and your partner does whatever they want. #WTO
People voted to leave as they were led to believe they would be better off. "No downside to brexit only upside...negotiations easiest in human history..we hold all the cards" etc. Now we know the reality about Brexit I want my MP to stand up for us &amp; look after our best interests
From April this year, Britain will (probably) be leaving the EU and therefore much of its public safeguard legislation. The Brexiteers want more than...
Brexit: Food industry 'could lose £2bn' in no-deal scenario
How is your MP expected to vote?
Is anyone really _that_ bothered what Neil Warnock thinks about Brexit?! Come to think of it, is anyone really _that_ bothered what Neil Warnock thinks of anything?! #Brexit #Warnock #NeilWarnock
. needs to wake up, stop being so bloody stubborn &amp; put the country 1st.If she doesn’t realise her #Brexit deal is bad for the UK she must be ill.Democracy is about allowing ppl to change their mind &amp; giving the hundreds of thousands of young ppl 3 yrs on, their say!
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Block this bot.
Say no more! That dinosaur is the epitome of Brexit! #StopBrexit #ColinWanker
Europe is a continent you thick sod, were not leaving it.
I’m still confused with Labour’s position on Brexit - honestly am
I, as a remainer, would love a 2nd vote &amp; end to #Brexit but as part of mixed race family I fear a #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow would cause #BrexitChaos abuse &amp; violence for us that police aren't equipped to protect us from. It's reality, not cowtowing to altright
I knew he was numb but not as stupid as he clearly is based on his Brexit comments.
Though I doubt one will come soon. Why can’t you just oppose Brexit and quash the myth of a Brexit for jobs? If you’re for Brexit then step aside to let someone else take over, someone with ideas for a real future for the UK.
There was no "hard brexit", "soft brexit" choice. The choice was stay or leave. We chose leave.
Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May's deal is voted down So then the Tories and DUP win the vote, which gets us where exactly?
HS2, the runaway white elephant project, may now only come in vaguely within its bloated budget if it runs fewer trains, slower. The UK: the only country in the world to build high speed rail to run slow trains on it! National scanda- oh, look... Brexit!
Brexit has nothing to do with racism, being right wing or neoliberalism. This is just you spouting slogans. It is all about resisting supranationalist centralised planned collectivism.
Something new and different from me - you can now enjoy the sound of my dulcet tones! Here's my video on why a No Deal Brexit would NOT respect the result of the referendum
Retweet if your manager’s not a racist.
Sore loser Warnock getting salty #shock
And many UK entrepreneurs flat out reject this jingoistic, xenophobic retrograde policy. And as for the associated rise in racism, you and should be ashamed #brexit #BrexitShambles
UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit -
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? Probably because like most leaders he only likes to the listen to the ideas which are consistent with what he already thinks #Corbyn #keirstarmer4pm
Seriously? As corbyn is causing life long Labour voters to leave because of his position on brexit (note his as grass roots membership want to #Remain). If you want to grow your membership, start representing their wishes and needs #PeoplesVote #WeDeserveBetter #WATON #FBPE
He said he would have to ask the EU to extend Article 50, the legal process taking the UK out of the EU on 29 March, if he won an election, so he could go to Brussels to negotiate a different Brexit deal, which would see the UK being part of a customs union.
Agrée. It is totally separate. Quite dangerous to conflate the two actually
Brexit Morons
The point of Brexit is sovereignty not the nationality of others.
‘There comes a time when silence is betrayal’.
All possible after Brexit. FFS. The sky’s not gonna come crashing down when we leave.
Taking back control? Brexit seems to offer exactly the opposite. The problem for UK is that Brexit has shown how toxic their presence in the EU can be. If this was a country asking for membership it would receive today a blunt showstopper “not ready.”
PART 3: A delay in BREXIT Article 50 may be on its way via
Right on! Becoming a second-rate nation, through the betrayal by its self-proclaimed elites willing to sacrifice the French #people &amp; #nation for their own personal good. What a disgrace! #yellowUprising #yellowvests #stopEU #Brexit #GiletsJaunes
Your constituents voted Leave Remember what democracy is. You Nazi
‘Biggest disaster’: Luton’s Irish community is nervous as Brexit looms
A bunch of idiots like him should never be in a position to be given a platform so they can come up with stupidity like that and then will want to retract his words when reality hits
Peter's assertion that "2nd vote wont be accepted by establishment" is based on textbook Brexit rhetoric. If, after 2nd vote, Brexit is the decision, you will have SO MANY more supporters. #Brexit would be definitive. However, I personally believe #Remain would win resoundingly.
In-bloody-deed
Will Brexit affect asylum claims in the UK? |
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
I’ll give you three guesses!
#Brexit “The carer: Nicola James, Enkhuizen Nicola James left the UK in the depths of the 1991 recession with “very little money in her pocket”. She got a job teaching English in Cologne and later worked in hotels, banking and on a cruise ship.”
I, as a remainer, would love a 2nd vote &amp; end to #Brexit but as part of mixed race family I fear a #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow would cause #BrexitChaos abuse &amp; violence for us that police aren't equipped to protect us from. It's reality, not cowtowing to altright
Neil Warnock needs to stick to what he's good at...............just remind me again?
Will Brexit affect asylum claims in the UK?
#BSG Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
In the umpteenth instalment of "rich, privileged, old white guy who doesn't give a damn about anyone else..."
Race, politics &amp; hope: Staying in the car together Wisdom &amp; compassion from Claudia Rankine+ , sorely needed in Brexit Britain Fav excerpts: Baby steps, Singing on a plane, Driving in Massachusetts (signpost from )
God help us!!....
Sir Vince Cable actually said this morning live on TV about #Brexit 'why are we even bothering to leave?' Because the people said so in a democratic referendum Vince, because the people said so.
He is a twat ain't he
If May Can’t Win Her Brexit Vote, What Other Options Are There?
With no legal force behind them they are as useful (or useless) as fairy gold.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
*demanded*
actually the catastrophic breach of trust is May herself, as expertly explained here by Sir Ivan Rogers sacrificing current and future wealth in return for ability to curb free movement..
`bbcnews Well, It would appear that the cretins are conspiring to negate the peoples choice of brexit. Oh for a government that can govern sensibly and intelligently , casting aside their idealism and self interest.Will Tereasona have enough knighthoods to give them.
Deluded????? BBC News - Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
Soros has to be in there somewhere
#uk #politics is broken &amp; useless. Politicians are incompetent &amp; the nation is divided. #Brexit has shown we can do nothing for ourselves. That we really are nothing more than a second rate power. It is sad to see my country descend into racism &amp; intolerance
Been one for years. Tried to destroy Great Britain now trying the same in USA. Demand advertisers cut fox out or boycott ALL advertisers. 63% of population has more power than 37%.
I think some critics don’t like Benedict Cumberbatch’s fame and popularity, but - when they take an honest look at the range of his work - they (sometimes grudgingly) have to admit he’s extremely talented.
It means the internationalists in the Guardian who are enemies of the UK .
........#RIP Britain then?
Nail on head piece here
Inclined to give Grayling the benefit of the doubt on this one. Given what there is between his ears, he's well qualified to talk about voids... #peoplesvote #exitbrexit
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
And Vince sold off Royal Mail for a song, reneged on tuition fees promise, Clegg/LibDems campaigned for EU Ref and Cable couldn't be bothered to turn up for Brexit vote. Running true to form I'd say.
UK not good a referendums. Brexit is now just Cognitive Dissonance on a national scale, only argument for it is to legitimize vote. Ref that should be rerun is one to replace FPTP. PR would *actually* be taking back control. #revokeA50 #makeVotesCount
Interesting angle re: Brexit, a potential breakup of UK. How does that play-out, is it a good thing?
Yes, we imported it, the EU didn’t export it to us. And in the event of Brexit, we’ll import it from elsewhere.
I'm sure a 'brexit' recipe can be rushed in via armored car. I recommend a high percentage of sawdust to keep costs down, as the economy implodes.
I am no fan of but look at these scummy yellow vested pricks. The worst of the worst. If you want to fight for a better world, first move shouldn’t be verbally abusing journalists. How’s that going to change anything? #YellowVestsUK #YellowVest #Brexit
I still love watching this.
#Brexit quote Anger cannot be dishonest. - Marcus Aurelius
Last roll of the dice for a shoddy BBC to try and use so-called celebs to try change the narrative of brexit. Lineker is as popular as pissed pants since he started slagging brexit. Lesson not learned yet John?
Don't believe that incorrigible (who has blocked me by the way). Here are links that don't mention 2060 re 39 billion. Keep your reputation intact please.
And because they don't have to worry about their future.
Safe Havens: 1. US Treasuries - downgraded in 2011 2. Euro - slow growth, banking crisis in Italy &amp; Brexit 3. Swiss franc - too small 4. Yen - government debt exceeds 230% of GDP 5. China - tightly controlled
"everyone knows it" This nation is 'going ahead with Brexit' because a majority voted Leave. What do you understand by 'going ahead with Brexit'? Is it saying 'we stay in the EU if there's not a satisfactory deal' [Labour policy]?
Brexit should be jettisoned.
A reminder that Twitter does better things than Brexit or Trump as the world's museums join in to show everyone their best duck:
SNP, Liberals and Green are aiming to #StopBrexit as crunch vote approaches Tuesday
Oh and I didn’t vote for or against brexit either. Just saying
So true..
Brexit then?
Thursday on 5Live Breakfast should set 30 minutes aside to not talk about Brexit. #TheAnythingButBrexitHalfHourBarometer
Of course, under Brexit he won't be able to import foreign (IMMIGRANT) players - or is footie-wootie (kids game) immune from the ban? Possibly as it's BIG MONEY, trivial pastime for lame-brains to watch - &amp; talk bout endlessly, boringly. Of course he's paid BIG money to spout off
Well said James #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Pure racism unleashed by Brexit.
Labour MPs get 40% of the votes in parliament. They also are able to propose Private member bills. Do you think 52% voted (and still would vote) for a hard Brexit as now suggested by ERG?
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
Seems Britain stumbling to likely gov fall this wk. Weird that their opp party (Labour) doesn't oppose Brexit, and I see no press coverage of any party that does. Plus neither party's members want their current leader, and neither pursues the direction their populace wants.
Oh I know that, Corbyn issued a 3 line whip to make sure Labour aligned with Theresa May and voted to trigger A50. But their Brexit "solution" would be as well received as revoking A50. It solves nothing. Ken Clarke and are more opposition to May than Corbyn
Says the man employed by a Malaysian corporation, whose Chairman is Turkish, whose playing staff is made up of people from all over the world and play in a league watched by people from all over the world. If Warnock wants to keep it local, he should manage a pub team.
TransferWise opens Belgian office ahead of #Brexit via
It up the the Brexit side to come up with an answer and tell the MSM. However, JRM, Boso etc don’t have an answer and neither do you. WTO won’t work as it soon runs into issue with the rules. Read this and let me know what you think the answer is
As PMT May has been tirelessly told, there is no re-negotiation. The offer on the table is a unilateral withdrawal offer to the UK from the EU to withdraw A50. GE! Then revoke A50. This is the most logical "Brexit offer" which JC would accept
READ: "Voting down the deal is the only way to force the UK Gov to change course, and to avert the damaging consequences that lie ahead for my constituency and my country if the present path is followed." - #NotMyBrexit #PeoplesVote
He said that what he's saying is saying what he's going to say but not what you thought he would have said if he had not have said it. ....and that's how he'll bring the country together and fix Brexit. With magic unicorn power, that's right.
love Neil Warnock's views on Brexit. What a true Brit who believes in the UK n is proud of the UK. Remainers are an utter disgrace to the UK. Grow some balls!
Underlying this chaos is the rise of rght-wing demagoguery, which is fed by unreasoned fear of the “other”. Both nations have descended into an unprincipled cabel that pushes hate and fear....
Will Brexit affect asylum claims in the UK?
Is this true? Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve via
Trying to jump in again on the back of Brexit, opportunist.
Yep. This:
Neil Warnock’s Brexit Eleven. GK: Peter Shilton CB: Sol Campbell CB: Tony Adams RB: Mark Lawrenson LB: Sean Dyche CM: Paul Gascoigne CM: Jack Wilshere RM: Paul Merson LM: Steve McManaman ST: Alan Smith ST: Ian Wright 4-4-2. Obviously.
What's so frustrating is it's making people distrust politicians even more as they don't know enough about principled, competent backbenchers (in all parties) and only see the selfish, incompetents who form the leadership of both main parties.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances ++
JRM said we'd see the full benefits of Brexit during the next 50 years actually. We've been in the EC/EU for over 4 decades. When can we expect any benefits?
#Brexit. Much as I have little respect for politicians, the mooted plan to wrestle control of our parliament away from the government has potentially very serious consequences for our democracy.
Ex-Tory minister predicts heavy defeat for Brexit deal
Truck drivers express worries over no-deal Brexit
Outstanding interview from JC, he delineated Labour policy with a freshness, honesty and confidence that gave real hope for the future. In stark contrast to the bumbling obfuscation of the hopeless Brexit Secretary earier in the programme!
Sunday perspectives on #Brexit from Porta Potese Market #Roma #BritinItaly #Migrant #EuropeanLife
3 weeks out of the UK has been great just to avoid the Brexit meltdown although the collapse of the pound has meant we are looking to sell an internal organ to get home
Wonderful speech from on #Brexit and the lies of Vote Leave.
Learn the critical tools required for managers to lead others through ambiguity in our Brexit article #brexit #ambiguity #change
I said that to my husband this morning. The party who gets in then knows what people want and should act on it.
Outcome of Brexit turmoil could be Election called and Tories vote in a remainer to lead and with loose electoral pact with Lib Dems, SNP and UDP win it hands down #Brexit #libdems #vincecable
These times, of trump, brexit, Russia in Ukraine, turkey/Iran in Mideast. I wonder if the preWW1 era was similar. Yikes.
Not so much dry seeds. Think more of a fungal network. Britain has always been racist, Intrinsically, institutionaly, individually, continually. Often just below the surface. Running its threads through everything. Brexit just fed the rot.
Ahhh. If you're opposed to the Withdrawal Agreement, isn't that the same as dictating how you want #Brexit to go? Also, when you say WTO rules, how do you want us to deal with the EU if we were to leave that way?
I suspect one reason Corbyn is avoiding the question of a first referendum on a Brexit deal is he is one of the few people who realises that, because of his 'Leave Means Leave' position, May won't be the only leader who would have to resign if a new referendum is agreed.
First gov in history to be held in contempt of Parliament. Acting in an autocratic way and subverting parlimentary procedure. Ignoring the law breaking of vote leave which in any normal democracy would cause a re-run of election. Bit late to talk about trust in democracy.
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
I, as a remainer, would love a 2nd vote &amp; end to #Brexit but as part of mixed race family I fear a #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow would cause #BrexitChaos abuse &amp; violence for us that police aren't equipped to protect us from. It's reality, not cowtowing to altright
If people really wanted a second vote on the EU, the LibDems would be leading right now. But they are barely polling at 10%. What matters is that it doesn't do us any good to stop #Brexit but be left with a Tory government that continues to loot the country for the 1%.
The problems with our uncodified constitution.
let’s be honest when we had the eu referendum what’s happening right now is Not what a lot of leave voters were expecting so a lot of people are unhappy w the brexit deal but if theresa decides to somehow stay in the eu it’ll be going against democracy so HOLD ANOTHER REFERENDUM
It's predictable Münchau (who else?Gisela Stuart in trousers) , but really needs to include attribution in its tweets. Misleading and worse the way they're presented. Same applied to Philip Stephen's wise words the other day, incorrectly interpreted by some as the "FT view"
Something like this? I mean there's always more I guess.
© Reuters. Britain's opposition Labour party leader Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of Britain's Liberal Democrats Vince Cable and Britain's Brexit Secretary Stephen...
Brexit Britain deserves Rod Liddle and Piers Morgan
Absolutely spot on. Superb. Brexit isn't the solution but you have to acknowledge and try and address the reasons some people voted for it.
Couldn't agree more. To renege on the largest democratic mandate ever handed out by the British people would be an act of tyranny. It is every citizens duty to fight tyranny... We cannot stand idly by.
EPIC: Nominate your favourite Brexit lie for this campaign!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
If you’re a Carpenter in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve via
No surprise Warnocks is one of us. The Europeans have polluted are national game with there effeminate short passing &amp; showboating. When we leave we will be be able to get an England team that knows to just put it in the mixer.
#Brexit Metaphor nummer 3865654859858 Mrs May tests the loyalty of her Party. #CONSERVATIVES #Loyalty
Time to revisit the notion of 'cosmopolitanism' I guess!
He’d never fall on the Remain side...lifelong Brexit fan.
Ah Rees Mogg and The Sun - 2 utter examples of great Wankbatting Thundercuntishness If you ever needs to know why Brexit isn't a fucking good idea, these two backing it tells you all you need to know
Oh so May has done all the work on Brexit herself, nice to know shes entirely to blame for it herself. Or are you blaming Corbyn for allowing a party to be a democracy that works together on policies? You're not producing valid criticism so dont hide under 'he means well' trope
Parliament taking back control..#Brexit
"There is a third deal on the table, which is the one we currently have. Why would any country — least of all our own great country — accept a “least bad” option, when a far better one is already in play?" SIR John Major IS right!
It’s not a ‘breach in trust of democracy’ to vote against Brexit, it’s standing up for what the fuck you believe in and fighting for a world that’s unified instead of being destroyed by xenophobia and racism.
I would but I don't agree her deal is Brexit either. Why couldn't we have a Canada++ deal?
they wouldn’t even let me vote in brexit.
What a load of disconnected bollocks. Speaking out against leaving the EU isn’t about ignoring what voters wanted, it's realising that leaving the EU furthers positions many were protesting against (e.g. austerity)
It’s not academic. Laws &amp; rules are clear. We know the new barriers are of each Brexit option. That’s why UK is on way to being ringfenced subsidiary of EU HQs in services and manuf. Huge impact on c£1trillion FDI in UK to be in much bigger SM. Loss = UK debt costs will hike.
Is anyone really that bothered what Neil Warnock thinks about Brexit?! Come to think of it, is anyone really that bothered what Neil Warnock thinks about anything?! #Brexit #Warnock #NeilWarnock
your favourite person making your favourite legal error. Enjoy
Brexit shambles 'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
That is because we have dumb MPs and even dumber electorate.
To be Frank, they are trying to Butcher Brexit.
The crow makes his 3636464282846th stupid comment
A week after Brexit somebody shouted at *me* 'we won, fuck off home'. I'm a very white, red headed Northumbrian. If he doesn't realise it started the day the referendum was announced, he's an idiot.
I am old enough to remember when old Labour was in power. In any case once parliament fails to implement Brexit the face of politics will change.
There is no Brexit that most Brexists want. There's your problem.
Brexit is an important issue, but it's not the only issue, far from it!
thanks. yes, but I believe some pundits are conveniently conflating the two issues. people are already confused enough by Brexit, and may well think not being able to delay is the same thing as not being able to revoke article 50.
I thought I’d seen just about everything
And if May's WA goes through it won't be Brexit.
Simple. Innit.
Nobody wants your Venezuela type socialism and dictatorship. The country doesn’t want a GE, you know damn well they don’t. Business and people want Brexit solved ASAP. STOP PUTTING SELFISH POLITCAL AMBITION,BEFORE THE COUNTRY, HERR CORBYN
Attended a meeting yesterday, regarding Brits in Europe &amp; 3m in UK. Here in Italy, every party met with the group, and is working with us. Bernier at the EU is involving us, to help on Brexit concerns. Back home, Labour and Tories refuse to meet. We don’t exist to our own country
Thanks. I have work. I'm sad about Brexit not about my career.
Stephen Barclay couldn’t find his own arse with a map and a mirror
He is particularly despicable because he persists in lying. NO, we don’t want him, we don’t want Brexit. We want a proper referendum.
Neil Warnock supporting Brexit is the most Neil Warnock thing ever
(The Scotsman):#Brexit: #SNP will seek to revoke Article 50 after deal is defeated : The SNP will work with other parties in the House of Commons to try force Article 50 to be revoked or extended, cancelling or delaying Brexit, ..
Media spin on Jaguar job losses needs a reverse gear – the news is nothing to do with Brexit via ...As they bellow in Parliament.."HEAR HEAR!"
The #British through the #referendum(democratic mechanism)said #yes to Brexit..Now the entire political class, the parliament, government are charged with implementing this will, and any attempts to disrupt, manipulate this issue,is a blatant betrayal of #democracy.
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
Quick question... If the endgame of brexit results in balkanization of the UK, how will those Labour voters in the north feel then? Also, manufacturing jobs need FDI...a hard brexit won't help with that. This is the end of bread and circus voting.
He’s back again on the radio - Iain Duncan Smith - says cant stop Brexit one way or another. Should anyone listen to him given his record as leader/minister etc etc. Who does he think he is?
Brexit: John Bruton says Britain has decided to 'tear up' GFA with Brexit. So it begins again .... Shame on those involved.
So where did they make all the losses that presumably let them write off against tax? Investing in UK company perchance? #doubtful
End of days for Theresa May? Countdown to Brexit vote
I fear the worst for Police in UK if there is a delay to Brexit or MP's continue to fail to carry out the will of the majority. I think if democracy can not be followed by MP's there are those within our society that I fear may riot. I hope I am wrong but it could happen.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Trump's victory showcased that the biased media can not brainwash all Americans! The resistance to media's bias against Trump &amp; Brexit, crumbled. Making both a major historical event where the good guys won over evil.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy
Truly scary
European homophobia is as outdated as your style, bub. Brexit stage left.
No problem Border! Though I really do hope they they deal with Brexit and you better than France has been dealing with the Gilet Jaunes until now!
No plan,no clue hope to derail brexit I would never vote for this Labour Party x
The leadership of all political parties should have ruled No Deal out from the start, on the grounds it is unconscionable to put citizens’ lives and health in danger over an ideological decision.
Posted...
It's not Brexit I fear, it's the vegan revolution.
#PeoplesVote #Brexitchaos #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #Remain #Marr #Labour #Greens The poor public didn't stand a chance.. Hope, they run out of newsprint paper after #Brexit
327,519 signatures and climbing. Please sign &amp; retweet. We MUST be prepared to leave on WTO terms, and be free to sign our own trade deals on 29 March. If delayed, Brexit will be betrayed and the will be destroyed by it.
There are 11 ongoing investigations some serous Criminal offences all of which will have serious implications if Brexit goes ahead. Had Corbyn wanted to bring down the Govt He could have pressed for an Investigation of Vote_Leave 10 months ago,
#SocialistSunday Even the #Tories have a good idea from time to time. This is the only example I can find. #removethewhip
But that wouldn’t be a brexit.
Aww brexit. Everyone deserves to watch Arsenal and glad that our own fans have problems with it.
lol I've been in front of him with different audiences over many years, throughout Iraq war meetings. He is spot on the Middle East but not on Brexit. The Respect days saw him at his most manipulative. His flirtation with religious fundamentalists put me off him. I'm a secularist
Just take your toxic xenophobe #brexit and shove it up your rear end So #bollockstobrexit You've lost the argument #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexitToriesOut
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote - the guardian
ok James heres the solution to Brexit. 1. Leave with no deal. 2. save the 39 billion. 3. Impliment universal basic income immediately. The mood would lift. Our own people would be happy to do fruit picking etc knowing that the bills are covered. SORTED
Yes he wants to work with them to ensure no backstop in NI against the wishes of the people of NI. About the only policy view he has bothered expressing about Brexit short of he’d just like an election &amp; then... (insert plan here)
Politicians used EU as a scapegoat for 40 years #Brexit #AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin
as if she isn't dragging a WHOLE COUNTRY out of the eu against their will....
Omg Corbyn seriously suggesting if you negotiate properly the EU will give us the same rights as ACTUAL EU countries without any of the responsibilities of being a member? Stop it! Just stop it. #brexit #Marr
thanks. yes, but I believe some pundits are conveniently conflating the two issues. people are already confused enough by Brexit, and may well think not being able to delay is the same thing as not being able to revoke article 50.
Alexa, show me an image that defines Brexit
Unfortunately the only Prime Minister he looks like is Theresa May. She also has a Brexit policy that is incoherent.
There are two separate camps copying the French #GiletsJaunes protesters. The French is a tax protest. The first is the more right-wing, pro-Brexit, “British” group, not very British copying the French. The second is the anti-Brexit, generally more socialist, higher tax group.
there’s still hope??? MPs SWEETIES IM ROOTING FOR YALL REJECT THE DEAL YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO
How very one sided- the real coup comes from remain to stop Brexit altogether
Funny how all the U.S. authors I like are anti-Trump and all the U.K. authors I like are anti-Brexit. Almost as if you can only write about the horrors of an undemocratic, right-wing society if you fear it happening... #amreading
You are against the people, you are against democracy, you are a disgrace to parliament. You used Brexit to gain you a seat. Brexit will ensure you lose it. Welcome to the dole queue. I'm sure the decision maker will take he's time.
Neil Warnock being pro Brexit? I mean, I'd like to pretend I was shocked but his outdated views, reaching back to tactics from the 1970s and gammony complexion kinda gave it away...
hello there, just wondered if any of you guys know anything or have any concerns over no-deal Brexit medical supplies such as insulin? its nigh-on impossible to find out anything. all the best, a type1diabetic
Petition · Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process ·
Simple solution as others do with more experience of referendums, we have a 2 stage process, 1st stage between the PM deal and hard Brexit and then when the result is known a week later we ask, now you know what Brexits means do you wish to remain or leave.
It's a mess because the Leavers have no idea what kind of Brexit they can agree on. This division has hobbled Britain's negotiating ability. The question was far too vague.
Idiot. The EU countries are looking aghast at a divided tanking UK. Brexit has done one thing ..strengthened the EU. Here it is self destruct all the way. Idiot stupit idiot
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
You really think normal folk who voted for a brexit, tolerate racist views more since the referendum? I have enough faith in people to oppose any racial activity. Actually, once the far right do show their true colours, they can then be held accountable.
Disappointed that the quality of cotton socks appears to have declined.. you would expect better when paying £2 for 5 pairs, probably #brexit
Ignorant mongoloid. "To hell with the rest of the world..." #prick
But the right question! So much bollocks talked about Brexit.
Well said &amp; thank you if only you were leader of
Establishment will preserve Union ie Brexit won’t happen
Brexit is a Tory con, unite to end it and #GGTO
Acts are Law the rest is froth &amp; fury, please stop with the spin, it doesn't wash with the British people anymore!
What foods are banned in the EU but not in the USA - coming to the UK after Brexit - TruePublica
Brexit was a lie. All the arch Brexiteers ran away as they knew they had sold something unworkable.
And what about Mind Charity, how have they been doing in this Brexit window? It must be hard keeping the pressure up while the Government are so busy with Brexit.
What’s the connection with Brexit? This is hilarious
Allowing No Deal to happen without securing a guaranteed supply of medicines is unconscionable cruelty. Those cheerleading for it should realise it's not just a big game. The longer the uncertainty goes on, the worse predicament people in need are being put in. Revoke A50 now.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
The ECHR is an institution, the foundation of which the UK played a key role, still has Russia as a member.
Agree totally. But it's not wrecking brexit that let them out of their box. It's brexit.
#YellowVests. Tommy Robinson. #Brexit. Government Shuts #SundayLongLiveRadio via Back for 4th time. Fighting against problems - also on Periscope
You cause more damage with your distorted views. If people feel they can’t comment on race then things like Brexit happen
SNP's Ian Blackford urges MPs to block No Deal Brexit.
The New European goes undercover at a Wetherspoon’s Brexit debate
Just watching the Corbyn interview on Marr show. I've never seen a major politician so determined to say absolutely nothing. Surely even #labour supporters can't want this half-wit as PM?? #Brexit
Brexit: Facts vs Fear, with Stephen Fry. via
Brexit loving friends &amp; family might wish to be made aware of this simple explanation when they claim we should just drop out of the EU: Head of the #WTO says "Trade deals are like football leagues. #Brexit relegates #UK to Division 4" #peoplesvote Clear?
Could the Commons select a Condorcet winner, as set out in this article? I struggle to imagine a fairer, achievable approach.
What happened ? Did you promised a ticket on the gravy train if you stop #Brexit?
More Thatcherism please, more neoliberal policies which impact the poorest the hardest please, more ignoring democratic ballots please. You're in the wrong party, join the Tories where you belong.
If you think Ford's and Rover reduced workforce is anytbink to do with #brexit think again.!
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? | William Keegan
How he got to power I can get my head around, it’s the same crap that landed us with Brexit over here. It’s how he’s still there now I don’t understand. How bad does it have to get before he goes?
Grayling fears 17.4mio Leave voters may turn into extremists #saysitall #brexit
The Belgians managed without a government for over a year. UK being without a government sounds like the best possible excuse for requesting a delay to the Brexit date.
But no country trades soley on WTO rules. we were told before ref Brexit would mean we would keep all benifits of EU membership and trade deals but be allowed to make additional trade deals unilaterally too! Liam Fix does not have a single new trade deal lined up!
The truth, I feel, somewhere in between: 1. #Brexit was never going to be easy - but right approach could make it less much less difficult. 2. The EU has always been evolving - but way that change is approached could be very good (more inclusive) or very bad (more dogmatic)
Speaker John Bercow hurled insults at aides and binned their advice
It's called strategy Nick. The poisoned chalice of Brexit would tear any party apart who would wish that on their own party? Tories are ripped to shreds over it. JC is wise and tactical. I'm not an ideologue but clear for anyone to see why he is non committal.
So true. I voted Labour in 2017 as is a great MP and is pro-Remain. I DID NOT vote Labour as a mandate for Brexit, #PeoplesVoteNow
Blockhead...
'It's going to be soon, don't worry': Jeremy Corbyn hints he could launch bid to oust May THIS WEEK as he demands a general election to resolve Brexit crisis. Everyone that can't wait for him to be PM should be committed. Think May is bad enough without him.
Please do not let her dance: It was something I can never unsee: Theresa May 'could be kicked out on Wednesday' if she loses Commons vote on Brexit deal
There's a big difference between those who voted Leave and people still supporting brexit now. The former category included many sincere, if misinformed, people. The latter group consists mostly of the disaster profiteers, the malicious and the foolish. There may be overlap.
Reality CZECH! What is Jacob Rees-Mogg doing in Prague just hours ahead of BREXIT VOTE? http His Wife is reading a tour guide book so at a rough guess sightseeing for the clebration nothing sinister in that is there for goodness sake!
I, as a remainer, would love a 2nd vote &amp; end to #Brexit but as part of mixed race family I fear a #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow would cause #BrexitChaos abuse &amp; violence for us that police aren't equipped to protect us from. It's reality, not cowtowing to altright
Still: WOW. He's pretty confident he can get his own way. Says a lot about how many members are still beguiled by his persona &amp; failure of critics to make a positive appeal to them beyond the Brexit issue.
Please to not read this #FakeNews. Please to only read Only paper with content approved by China Government
Her Deal and #Brexit need to be consigned to the history books as a moment of madness and xenophobia and a total failure! #ExitFromBrexit
Better watch #marrshow today. He put #marr in his place and all your smears AREN'T gonna stop the 'Bullingdon Club' getting kicked of power. ALL your propaganda machine ISN'Tgonna help and TRY obeying rules and START being impartial.
Who knew John Major would be the voice reason one day?! #Brexit
Neil Warnock on Brexit: 'To hell with the rest of the world... I can't wait to leave'
What would you expect? Who in gods name is funding these jollies and tanning visits hope not the Irish Tax Payer. Northern Bank? Diesel Laundering? Brexit Smuggling Dividend?
Oh dear. 1 - i voted leave but I've since decided that was a mistake, so i now want to remain. Assumptions make an ass... 2 - this proves nothing. Asking for a control on immigration is not racist. UKIP been doing this stuff way before brexit anyway
Best described as blah blah blah I agree with them doing what they like as I don't like brexit blah blah blah I'm going to fumble around and find some pop culture reference to excuse it
Putin couldn’t be happier!!
BREAKING: Full #Brexit contingency plans released by
Tory policies kill innocent people!! #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit #indyref2
Another terrible interview. Marr. I just watch the interviews. Rest of the show is dross. Never show front page of Sunday Mirror as not what Tories want to see. Bias
Neil Warnock lol wow you got the big guns out. Hardly going to change minds. Bit like his managerial career - still a crap manager. Will never amount to much just like Brexit.
this is a man you never stop defending lol
Imagine typing this and then hitting send.
That’s Owen. He uses everything as an opportunity to push his Corbot agenda. I noticed one of the nutters bothering Jones was going on about 17.4 million voted for Brexit. Clearly unaware Jones supports Brexit now.
To be fair and transparent, I think the actual gist was that if he became PM and we were still facing a no deal Brexit, a second referendum was one of the options that would be put to the membership.
Unlike no deal Brexit, experts spent years to ensure that the millennium bug did not have any impact. You should have looked it up before posting this.
She doesn’t have a clue. Can’t answer his questions.
EMR: Brexit Project Manager - Fintech
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
Just because he backs brexit has nothing to do with the Cypriot banker or the players in his squad none of that will change post brexit so maybe you should stick to football as well pal
Are you concerned about the implications of #Brexit for your #business? We invite you to attend our 'Question Time' style debate, with key individuals from the regional business community. #BusinessAfterBrexit
Dismayed, disappointed, worried but not in anyway surprised!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
To some extent the Wright Ctte and others around then have already looked at this closely. But not sure thinking then anticipated such fragmentation of the party system in relation to major policies as has occurred in relation to Brexit
dont even care about brexit anymore planning to fully remove myself from politics and just get really good at fighting games the only deal here will be my greasy fucking akuma combos
So Fine Gael let Bruton out of hibernation again to try bash Sinn Féin. Like in 1919 Sinn Fein continues to refuse to swear an oath to to foreign parliament and monarch. Question is why have FG ignored the North since partition &amp; why not stand there?
The constant projection of calling other people with empathy ad snowflakes is fascinating in the far right when all they seem to want is to feel good themselves and fuck the consequences of everyone else. Literally a parody of what they are supposed to hate and they never see it.
You are living in the past like all ignorant and obtuse Brexit liars. Stop Brexit.
Wierd how brexiteers told us we would have everything better easy peasy, then will take 50 odd years, then better no deal than a bad deal. But you have absolutely no detail to back it up you posh fool.
Juncker hints at helping out Theresa May over Brexit deal BLOODY TIME.
No idea what Brexit has to do with it but ok. Weird
I understand his appeal has been heard and was rejected.
Colin Wanker for a reason
They’ll excuse themselves on the basis they can’t be held accountable for what others say and then castigate the entire Brexit movement for being nazi supporters due to the college green carry on - only works one way with that lot
I’ve just queued for 20 minutes to get into an Aldi car park as my daughter needs to do a Uni food shop - its either the students back in or Brexit?
The authentic voice of #Brexit &amp; the #Brexiteers indeed!
how can you fit this much bullshit into 60 seconds wow
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
I welcome Freedom of Movement with all my heart. I have used it for 25 years in the last 32. 2/3rds of my family are EU born. The worst thing about Brexit is the abolition of free movement folklowed closely by the loss of the ECJ to the corrupt Supreme Court
There's truth in that
I still think the Tories are deliberately fucking themselves so they don't have to deal with the future.
In the light of how bloody rude, dishonest and downright incompetent 'our' Gov have been to them, this made me cry a little bit More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider #Brexit
This slow learner has yet to take on board - that the EUref was advisory; that we live in a parliamentary democracy; one EUref does not plebiscite make; exerting full Sovereignty Parliament has taken back control to protect the national interest from incompetence!
This is terrifying. Our politicians are threatening to destroy our country for their own gain. Disgusting. #ourpoliticiansareterrorists
Part-Time Payroll Administrator ??? Basildon Part-Time Payroll Administrator - Basildon We at Driver Support Services are going through a period of growth and forecast (even with Brexit) higher demand for our ... #Basildon #BasildonJobs #UKJobs
Is this the full team turnout of the people who devised Brexit?
It’s called democracy.
BACKSTABBING BASTARD,MISTER,UNDERCOVER TORY EH.THAR WANTS DESELECTING.
A no deal Brexit would hurt EU – and Irish – exporters the most v
dont worry still racist though
There is no more convincing evidence than this clandestine Meeting of these 2 opinionated Parliamentary Plotters, which demonstrates more more clearly that they couldn't give a fig for the opinion of over 17 million of the British Electorate. #NoOrdinaryJoe
Seriously, if the FM names a date for #Indyref2 on Wednesday, by Friday the Art 50 will be suspended by EU27. The deal on offer is for UK which may no longer exist so Brexit halts until Scots get their say! Someone tell me that is not what would happen?
You of little faith, the White Cliffs of Dover will crumble into the sea when Brexit happens, sorry should have added the words, could, maybe, possibly, might, just waiting on the placards at Westminster stating the End of the World is Nigh due to Brexit.
Ramsgate port dredged as no-deal Brexit preparations gather steam via
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
The High Court upheld the fact that the rules were broken, but blamed the Electoral Commission for giving negligently incorrect advice. The only thing the Leave campaign did wrong was follow the EC's advice.
Only a farleft moron remoaner would accuse #TheNobleLiar of being right wing &amp; pro-brexit when its repeatedly shown the PC BBC are proEU, pro massimmigrant lefty remainers #r4today #newsnight #bbchardtalk #anglophobia
I've seen local private schools being bought by Chinese finance houses, expect to see more of this post Brexit as a weak currency makes these takeovers more attractive Rest assured the new owners will be looking to bring in even more foreign borders to enhance their profits
Bumbling ineptitude on toast!
if she doesn’t just d** already **ie
Brandon, has a deal, but it’s not Brexit, it’d traps us, risks our union, stops independent new trade deal, and leave our security at risk. playing games has exposed its not representative of its voters. Consequences await both parties next GE
The truth, I feel, somewhere in between: 1. #Brexit was never going to be easy - but right approach could make it less much less difficult. 2. The EU has always been evolving - but how that change is approached could be very good (more inclusive) or very bad (more dogmatic)
shouldn't think they want to see this either eh vincey?? #PeoplesVote #Brexit
I fear you’re probably right
When you use a quote from international affairs expert Neil Warnock to endorse your #Brexit campaign...
It is “absolutely outrageous and unbelievable” that anyone in Parliament should even consider a “No Brexit” option, which would ignore the “will of the people” and which amounts to total treachery.
Sunday challenge, make sense of this: Labour supports brexit in snap general election, but voters will desert Labour if it’s suports Brexit... Can’t? That’s bc Corbyn has lied to you, and from the v start of Brexit has possibly been the snakiest politician of them all.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
You’ll lose the election thanks to your leaders position on Brexit
More good conversations out in Glenholt today - now over 600 signatures to find a permanent solution to save the local post office and a bit of chat about Brexit too.
If TM stops Brexit, her &amp; the Tories will pretend it wasn't their choice. That they were at the mercy of parliament &amp; had no other option. Brexit MPs will cry "we tried" But it all lands squarely at their door. They're responsible, no one else &amp; we will never forgive or forget
Another superb piece from . Well worth reading.
So “not left = racist right”. Leaving the corporatist, protectionist, federalist E.U. is reactionary right wing and racist according to our Clive. Wanting effective government at the level nearest you as an individual is more about freedom and the left hate individual freedom
Apart from Brexit, probably.
He has no idea on Brexit! Keep him out of No 10!
Maybe brexit stands for ‘breakfast exit’ in her case.
Hi John, i'm not suggesting his position is clear! Am simply saying that he did not state that Labour manifesto would include Brexit &amp; he made it clear that members drove policy for a manifesto. You're an ex politician John you know how it works!
If you voted for Brexit you can’t sit and complain just because it’s gone to absolute shit. It’s a no given, use your initiative in the future rather than listening to Tory propaganda.
I wish we weren’t leaving but that’s the decision that was taken, I don’t like brexit being used as a political tool to power, especially when there is no chance of a majority for any party
I, as a remainer, would love a 2nd vote &amp; end to #Brexit but as part of mixed race family I fear a #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow would cause #BrexitChaos abuse &amp; violence for us that police aren't equipped to protect us from. It's reality, not cowtowing to altright
You’re delusional. Nobody was ‘physically intimidated’. Brexit is happening. Suck it up.
#Brexit. #The EU Offers Its Members A Terrible Choice Integration Or Democracy.
Sound man. That’s not a bluebird, it’s a byakhee.
The problem with #Brexit is that we the public see a crisis and the politicians involved in it all see it as a career opportunity. #marr
Is that what Brexit has created?
It's rubbish though. It made big losses in 2011 and 2015 so these can be used to offset profits (quite rightly). Daily Mail is just after Hammond because he is thought to be soft on Brexit.
Ham faced gobshite
I find it impossible to form a strong opinion on Brexit one way or the other.
London. International capital of knife crimes. Welcome.
SKSMedia Posted...
Update: please note the time it was tweeted when first reading this thread. I accept the problems of using the phrase “coup”, it’s not a coup. I realised this afterwards but decided I’d rather go to bed then delete it all and go again. Beyond that, here are my initial thoughts.
#as2 #catest John Bercow forthright about anti-Brexit sticker – video
Same same. Politically homeless. A centrist Labour would have put an end to this Brexit nonsense long ago and be easily electable. Labour have let the UK down massively.
It’s good to see Jacob Rees Mogg acknowledging that the protest has been peaceful every day
The #brexit vote was like bidding on a Hyper car based on the description only. And discovering this...? We were promised sunny uplands, unicorns and wealth beyond our dreams, and we end up with a recession and stockpiling food. Where's our refund? #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Told you i was gonna get dull on twitter this month. Better than arguing with someone over Brexit though
That's the Corbyn that I'm forever being told is a different kind of politician because he'll be led by what the Labour Party members want?
If Plan B doesn't work does Theresa May have a Plan C or D just as a backup incase all fails so she and her government can leave the country altogether, I'm like the rest of the country are fed up of Brexit
Yep,and the Brits will keep voting for liblabcon,why?£14billion in foreign aid,homeless Brits,islamisation,NHS in crisis,end of freedom of speech,work till your 74,for a pittance of a pension,whilst immigrants enjoy your hard earned taxes,housing,NHS,I will not comply,join UKIP.
Will The Establishment Send Us All To Prison When We Kick Back At How They Have Handled Brexit ? We Will Not Be Brainwashed Anymore,,, The British People Voted To Leave The EU....
We are going to have a no Brexit ...... mass Civil disobedience and martial law will follow, welcome to the NWO.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Lovely stuff #BrexitAnalogies
no sutptises the Bully would voue against the membership who support Corbyn at every opporutnity he gets, can.t wait until his CLP deselects him, he may have fixed it last time, he certainly won.t next time round.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Which makes an amended May's deal something that they could support - along with the ERG and those that already support May's deal? Knowing that the EU would almost certainly say no and there is no time or concensus left to do anything but hard brexit?
It was Speaker Bercow who allowed both the Scottish and Brexit referenda. So why are MPs not following his lead and supporting Plebiscite Democracy?
Throw in Warnock's Brexit rant and it's been a really bad few hours for the sport.
Leaving the EU will make Tory austerity look like a walk in the park. Brexit is the problem.
I am really disappointed that this guy has to point this out again and again. The right wing have never ever ever done anything for those people poorest in society.
Just like that the man who gave U.K. Sovereignty to the EU without any kind of ballot states we should now scrap article 50 and therefore forget a referendum ever took place. What a full blown democrat this man is. About the same as Adolf. #shameonyou #hangthetraitor #brexit
"They didn't do brexit our way" !!!!
I am also not a lawyer. Piris view: “After Brexit, the UK, not being a member of EFTA, and not anymore an EU member, could not be an EEA member and could not be a candidate to become one.” Was head of the Commision legal service and knows a thing or two. But also only a view.
Reality CZECH! What is Jacob Rees-Mogg doing in Prague just hours ahead of BREXIT VOTE?: JACOB… #Brexit #ClickBait
`` 'To hell with the rest of the world': Cardiff boss Neil Warnock launches passionate Brexit rant `
Our precious democracy is being fractured - all for sake of EU, says Brexiteer Hannan… #Brexit #ClickBait
Are you saying BREXIT or TRUMP is the companion of the elderly? Or those nauseous pictures of the British State hounding the poor for money or evicting them or something equally disgusting? Please, what exactly does BBC show that would uplift the elderly?
could be an excellent chance to get rid of some very nasty pieces of work, just in time for the general election.
. I wonder if you announcing imminent no confidence vote is your biggest mistake yet: won’t it unite Tories/DUP behind May? Is that actually your strategy Jeremy? Almost life-long voter who’s totally lost trust in you because of #Brexit . I’m not alone.
Tim Newark on Brexit: A Very Uncivil War
Neil Warnock, Neil Watacock more like. This is how rabid Brexshitters who STILL claim it's going to be okay seem to the rest of us. We can't let such people control the future
Fuck the Tories!!! Absolte shambles here, he’s got his script and he’s sticking to it. No clue how to answer the question.
Well said that man. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Agree, Theresa has kept banging on about Ending Freedom of Movement in her bad deal and its done her more harm than good. Future generations will despise her, and it's the Biggest Mistake in the Wreakxit process. The Country Must Have a People's Vote to Stop the Madness.
the face of brexit
Well Brexit doesn’t really do that. Having a major fascist party, perhaps UKIP, would be giving them plenty in inches. Both sides must be placated to stop the growth we’ve seen at the the extremes.
Oh dear There is and never will be a brexit dividend #PeoplesVote
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
I rather think we may have passed that point already. From Heath to May, Consrvative Prime Ministers have been fundamentally dishonest with voters about EU membership. They still are. And it show no sign of changing. Time for the Party to split.
Fair point actually .. knew there would be compromises but it is pretty far away from what I think #Brexit represents.. however I do believe a no deal is in essence what we voted for .. maybe really is as good as it gets ..
Brexit could make the UK the money laundering capital of the world - The Independent
I never called you thick. Many have changed their minds now they know more about the lies, false promises and illegality of the referendum which was only advisory anyway. If Brexit supporters believe the #willofthepeople is to leave they need not fear a vote on the deal.
No, we didn't, clearly we didn't. It was too broad, allowing multiple kinds of Brexit interpretations to be fed in, each one incompatible with the last. It's hobbled Britain. Civil unrest? Scaremongering.
I’ll say it again... Any worse bloke than Neil Warnock in professional football?
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt #Brexit #England
Oh goody, another thing Neil Warnock is wrong about. He never shuts his trap about anything does he? What are his thoughts on the NFL playoffs? Does he think Pluto should be classed as a planet? What’s the best way to poach an egg? Go on Neil, we’re all just dying to hear.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
Before anyone rushes in to patronize me, I understand there is no such thing as a good Brexit. However it's disingenuous to pretend all versions of Brexit are equally terrifying.
So Mary Poppins is *also* about turning back time. UK you're being a bit solipsistic #Bandersnatch #Brexit
A welcome signal from our friends in Europe.
Go bk to botsville
Seriously- what do Labour people think that Corbyn could hurriedly negotiate that Theresa May couldn’t? The only thing he’d stand a *chance* of is a CU- but that would mean accepting FoM &amp; ECJ- both surely inconsistent with Brexit.
I think they maybe in for a shock when seeking the people’s votes in the future
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
Begins fatly-true; tapers-off quickly. Corbyn &amp; 'his' Party know/make efforts to ensure, when push comes to shove, the lone 'glorious' benefit of #Brexit; binary/toss-up elections will ensue. - As things stand. They remain on-track. #StandUP4UKDemocracy #StandUP4aResoluteRemain
"Secure a Brexit Deal..." That sinks the chance of me ever voting Labour again. Labour want Brexit - end of! What a shower of shite!
Always thought Neil Warnock was an utter twat, and a very poor limited football man, who’s made a lot of money in a number of interesting ways through football! But his views on #Brexit truly prove his lack of understanding and intelligence.. He’s thick as shit #littleEnglander
On brexit negotiations, he would have done.
Give me strength!
Taking the Mick today, so why was the opinion of a maze designer about Brexit so important ? Are we really all so dim?
I've browed your website a few times now. Very tempted by your policies. It would be good to have more information on there and more detail on your ideals and manifesto. Particularly on the big issue now - Brexit.
I hope you vote against the Brexit deal. The only deal we want is not to give them a penny for leaving. Goodbye and Good Riddance Brussels.
BBCNEWS 6:04am BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Theresa May pleads with MP5 to back Brexit deal ', I SUSANA MENDONQA. Political...
Says Neil with his thick Welsh accent. He's had a mare here!
Would be interested in your views about Brexit
Be 'Brave' And Face Down Far Right Over Second Brexit Referendum, Sadiq Khan Tells MPs -
Brexit and bad history.
Brexit will happen, by Act of Parliament, on 29th March 2019. That is unless a predominantly "remain" Parliament decides to subvert the will of the people.
The Brexit issue can only be resolved now with a new ref. The numbers have changed since the 1st due to mortality, coming of age, and new information. We need to know the R &amp; L numbers. A50 can be revoked while a new ref takes place. Result - either way - should be final.
A Brexit-backing hedge fund titan now says Britain won't actually leave the EU, and is betting big on the pound - Albany Times Union #Invest #HedgeFund #Trading
Leavers did not dwell in the ref on the effect of Brexit on fuel and basic food stuffs. It was the less well off broadly that voted Brexit, yet costs for that group are sharply rising.
I, as a remainer, would love a 2nd vote &amp; end to #Brexit but as part of mixed race family I fear a #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow would cause #BrexitChaos abuse &amp; violence for us that police aren't equipped to protect us from. It's reality, not cowtowing to altright
Democratically elected to represent the people not your own agenda. You stood on a promise to honour the referendum result yet you seem determined not to do so. Please don’t be surprised when people tell you their faith in you is gone #SorryNotSorry #Brexit
In 2014 we had the chance of self determination..we still have it in 2019. Fear played a role then, it still does..this time round the prospect of rationing, total austerity, and misery for many. This is not Project Fear, these are very real threats to our citizens. Grim. #Brexit
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Perspective is everything! Well said If politicians feel at ease losing the plot, that’s their choice but let the rest of us try and keep a levelled head.
Can I just say that 30k went into this vanity project? 200k on beach parties. Tube drivers on £100k salaries. Hundreds of thousands on KPMG to audit Crossrail (ehem a cherry picked team who had previously been an advisor on Crossrail) Anywhere better this could have been spent?
No #Brexit is better than any Brexit (there is no 'good' Brexit).
#Brexit: Theresa May has been warned that her government “will lose its ability to govern” after Downing Street uncovered a bombshell plot by senior MPs to seize control of Brexit negotiations and sideline the prime minister.
Then you were a fool.... unless you knew that brexit would fast track a united Ireland?
Be 'brave' and face down far right over second Brexit referendum, Sadiq Khan tells MPs
MoD sends planners to ministries over post-Brexit border fears This should be bigger news than it is. The military have been brought in to control three of the largest government departments. That's dictatorship at work.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Stratford Politics Update is out! Stories via #marr #brexit
If Brexit Fails... Democracy Fails. #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #WTONow #LeaveEU #FishingForLeave #FreeSpeech #FreedomOfSpeech #YellowVestsUK #WTOWTG #YellowVestUK #YellowVestsUK
Hiberno-English to become an official #EU language post #Brexit ?
#Brexit and #TrumpRussia are connected. Cold war, still on.
Neil Warnock is the perfect poster boy for this Tory Brexit. Encourages cynicism and foul play before a match and then produces a shopping list of scapegoats afterwards.
I am shocked to hear that Neil Warnock thinks that Brexit us a good idea.
Labour has a Brexit position??? When did that happen?
Hear, hear!
Had to #Letthedogsout #Jack and #Alice to find #PlanB but they were full of shit so the people (me) had to clean up the mess #PeoplesVote #BrexitShambles #Brexit
Government propaganda mouthpiece is leading news items with IDS telling us that MPs can’t now take control &amp; stop Brexit. Proof that the UK is now a dictatorship.
Still the same idealistic twaddle from Tory hard Brexiteers who are primarily responsible for the current political impasse over #Brexit. David Davis: Kill Theresa May’s Brexit bill and set Britain free | News | The Sunday Times
Leaving the EU on WTO terms will make our businesses more competitive and innovative via AND 'OUR' Government WASTED NEARLY THREE YEARS, to get WHERE? BRITAIN WOULD BE FLYING by now - had June 27th 2016 BEEN BREXIT DAY!
I don't think he wants Brexit because he wants people to suffer, but because he believes things that are untrue about the EU. The majority of policies Labour have are great and help people, Brexit is the sore thumb that sticks out, purely because his approach isn't evidence based
#catest #as2 Theresa May ‘surprised’ John Bercow allowed Brexit amendment
Manufacturers' predictions for 2019 - 51% planning to expand their exports abroad to non-EU countries EEF Executive Survey #ukmfg #brexit #manufacturing #cyberrisk #tradecredit
Great thread Mujtaba! Would you like us to publish it as a short blog on LSE Brexit? I’d be happy to assist. Thank you,
Recorded a short poem about brexit. Feat. tuvan throat singing and metal vocals.
I've said that to him too Harriet, but he just comes back with more &amp; paste lines from Remoan central! These "people's vote" crowd only care about overturning Brexit, NOT democracy.
This is hugely important. Don't ever underestimate the role that outside influencers such as Russia are playing in the EU 'problems' right now. Those problems are exacerbated by Putin and others. We HAVE to remain in the EU, at its very heart to stay strong! #Brexit #GiletsJaune
Would the elderly miss the BBC? Would they really?
If that's the case, why don't Middle Englanders rush in their droves to support Brexit causes?
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
likes this. Less of a shock than Neil Warnock and Brexit
I've browsed your website a few times now. Very tempted by your policies. It would be good to have more information on there of candidates and more detail on your ideals and manifesto. Particularly on the big issue now - Brexit.
Crikey I didn’t realise Hopkins was THIS inept.
Please to not read this #fakeNews. Please to read only . All news approved by China Government. China will build #HS2 after #Brexit You no worry.
Parliament trying to stop Govt steam rolling Brexit over them. Parliament steam rolling over the democratic will of the people .
A cross-party group of senior backbenchers — including former Tory ministers — plan what one senior figure branded a “very British coup” if May loses the crunch vote on her Brexit deal on Tuesday.
(3) It is clear TM will want a negotiated deal. She doesnt want no deal nor do most Conservative MPs. Quite possible for government 2 change towards a softer brexit to avert MPs resigning the government whip
But most of us want #Brexit now! Do you know that 83% of the electorate voted for parties that had pro-brexit manifestos in the General election? I kid you not Spaceangel!!
Sovereignty and democracy priceless. A bad deal or remaining of a second referendum is good for no one in the U.K.
Is Carragher the most overtly political English footballer of his generation? Big donor to Burnham's campaigns too
An excellewnt performance. More so when campared to the snivelling stuttering May and Cleverly. Brexit was never the black and white choice the joke of a Referendum made out. Needs a measured approach to achieve the best deal. Davis wasting 2 years posturing did not help either.
It would take a satirist like Swift to get the Brexiteers down on paper.
Thread
There wouldn't be a deadlock if we had a decent opposition. This damaging Brexit would have been scuppered long ago and probably wouldn't have been voted for in the first place.
We must change the habits of our lifetimes and take this to the streets if the #politiscum in Parliament either force #TreasonMay's #BetrayalAgreement on us or stop #Brexit altogether. We know what we were promised and what we voted for. We must make sure we get it.
IDS proving tory talk is cheap. Unless a Lawyer knows different?
5-10 yrs more to come
‘Neil Warnock’ contains all the letters to make ‘wanker’ - coincidence?
The debate over a second Brexit referendum: The case for a new referendum The government is dead in the water, as is Brexit’s unicorn. But dead things float for a while. via
i disagree: I find it very odd, that in the UK parliament has no right to table legislation lets say based on a quorum of 30% of MPs. And as far as I understand this "coup" is related to the Brexit and nothing else.
and in today's news, Brexit
A Londoner telling me, someone from a council estate in Liverpool I am the metropolitan elite because I want brexit stopped. Pidcock, I mean Pollock, but she is a Pollock too.
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
We used to shout this from the stands if our team was doing particularly badly: WHAT A LOAD OF RUBBISH
Absolutely, focus on the Labour values first, helping the working/middle classes and most vulnerable and devise and execute policies that deliver the best outcomes for the tax pound - it is simple and very compelling - no uniting emerging the brexit cum facist group, need2 manage
5/ Similarly, if you feel your representatives are failing to serve your interests, you can always redeem your full franchise powers by having a referendum, such as Brexit.
Arguably the best thing about this series is how the punctuation makes the entirely meaningless title really awkward to say or explain, and they kind of acknowledge that but still grimly stuck with it for like 7 hours of radio.
Revealed: details of exclusive Russian deal offered to Arron Banks in Brexit run-up
If Brexit had a face it would look a lot like Neil Warnock
I hope so, as No Deal would be awful. I voted Remain and if you sent me back to 2016 I would again, but I'll try to make the best of Brexit assuming it happens (which I still think it will). I could even manage with May's deal, flawed as it obviously is. But ND worries me a lot.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Or, remind them that they voted FOR Brexit, and stand FOR child abuse, and then ask them if they'd like to switch to AGAINST (which has to apply to both).
Ez for Brexit
#Marr has Barclay,101st Brexit Secretary lying about the Brexit vote again. He mentions support from Jim FitzPatrick, the weasel who worked his left credentials through the FBU to become an MP. He then became a Blairite &amp; reneged on his union &amp; Party ! All sounds very Deja Vous!
NEIL WARNOCK I LOVE U
Marlon, I agree with you and hope Wales follows the Scots stance, as a Celt I will then apply for a Scots or Welsh passport or both. For both countries EU benefits are much better as there will be inward investments and growth.
A great MP, please share to support him
Jeremy Corbyn: We will do ‘everything’ to prevent no-deal Brexit – POLITICO
Ok Nick. I run a small exporting value creating manufacturing business. Brexit is an expensivr distraction with no positives. I trust I am better placed to form a viee than you...
A General Election simply cannot be called before the 29th March as it would offer a conflict of interests problem - Especially given Corbyn's stance on #Brexit (no-one knows) and the fact that he STILL thinks it's possible to negotiate with the EU.
#facts.....half the UK don't know this...#utterconfusion
Who knew John Major would be the voice of reason one day?! #Brexit
More Scots want Indy than Brexit. Just sayin...
Jeremy Corbyn has set his sights on taking over Brexit negotiations, confirming he will call a no confidence vote to trigger a general election "soon" if Theresa May's current deal is rejected in parliament
You embarrass yourself with such comments. You see Corbyn’s greatness, but the rest of the country see as being without leadership, unwilling and conniving to say nothing on #Brexit. Your man would do the country a great service by heading back to the back benches.
5 years of post brexit apocalypse under a crazed ultra left tyrant will make everyone want to bring back Hitler.
I believe that Corbyn has no long game. Rather, Corbyn simplistically allows Brexit, blames the Tories for it, and thinks that is his best route to power. However, Brexit may prove far more damaging than has been predicted and in unforeseen ways, damages will destroy Tory &amp; Lab.
Absolute bollocks. My Brexit Labour MP will never get my vote again. I suspect I am not alone.
Ex-Tory minister predicts heavy defeat for Brexit deal via
The latest The European Union Daily News ! Thanks to #eu #brexit
Can't believe 70 year old multi millionaire Neil Warnock is very keen on Brexit and isn't worried about it's consequences.
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit Would Be Catastrophic
"onward Brexit soldiers marching as to war"
This shouldn’t come as a surprise. Wonder how many PV advocates will vote confidence in the government.
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit Would Be Catastrophic #news
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
It’s hard to see the young lads coming through having such problems. I guess this is why the older generation will always be superior. We gave you youngsters Brexit! #YourWelcome #uptheass Cheers, Cocaine Harry
Parliament, as it considers a "coup" to thwart #Brexit should remember that there will be no taxation without representation. If 17.4 million plus withold tax, the country will be forced to its knees and a real coup will take place.
Important thread..
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Parasitic BBC millionaire calls for the working class to be ignored. Be there!!
So many to choose from!
Are we all ready for #Brexit bill to be kicked into the long grass again?
Into the Brexit abyss – cartoon | Opinion - The Guardian
It Seems lots of our elected parliamentarians have been watching too many time shifting sci/fi programs, a lass from Wigan in an old police box who loves Sheffield won't fix #brexit although most people from working-class towns would do a better job than #westminster #Article50
Advice! There is no written constitution, it is all precedence, all precedence has to be formed. The overriding principle is Parliament is Sovereign NOT Government.
Now there’s a point that didn’t need making. To this extent, we are in thrall to technocrats and oppositionists that will have no influence on anyone other than their pedantic selves. Thanks and fuck off.
Democracy is not everything. We all know that Democracy has made Trump presidency in US and delivered Brexit in UK. Indeed, Sometimes majority is silent.
So I saw Pro brexit protestors wearing yellow vests like the french protestors. Am I the only one who thinks that UK protestors who want to leave the EU dressing up like Frenchmen is... er Odd?
BBCNEWS 6:05am BREXIT VOTE WARNING. PM: Brexit failure risks trust in democracy ', I BREXIT VOTE WARNING. PM: Forget the games and do...
Your forget that brexit is not only about trade! And everyone gets a vote! We waited long enough. Suck it up!!
suddenly concerned about his poor constituency.. seem to have done very little for it up till now.
David Lammy calls Brexit 'a con, a trick, a swindle' in passionate Commons speech | indy100
You are clearly a kind person that likes animals. I work for a dog charity- Brexit will end the process of saving dogs in Europe or abroad. It becomes cost prohibitive.
Did you actually march against Brexit in London last Oct? Clearly not! The 700,000 marchers that day were ordinary people from all comers of the U.K. - not just London. Those people all want a #PeoplesVote &amp; an #ExitFromBrexit #VoteDownTheDeal
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Russians Offered Business Deals to Brexit’s Biggest Backer
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
And ignoring BREXIT. If you want to get into power get behind LEAVE THE EU.
The Master Gammon has awoken.
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
Brexit date must be cancelled proclaims Sir John Major in call to axe Article 50
How would Brexit resolve that in the next 10 years or are you comfortable with Moggs prediction of 50yrs and feel ok writing off the next 2 generations of young people?
What a plonker
Fuck off, Corbyn, you lying fossil of a socialist
All UK 'devolved' powers/institutions r ultimately Westminster powers/institutions. That's the reality BREXIT, the 'Supreme court' &amp; 'power grab' have rammed home to all politically aware, whither Indy or Union. Devolution's been sold on the confusion &amp; lie that it could be other
Working class voters but highly middle class membership - hence the huge difference in Brexit views.
#brexituncivilwar was really good.. check it out #brexit #brexshit
As we approach the final weeks, the PM, anointed to frustrate and ultimately stop Brexit, is finally reaching the 'End Game', delay after delay and a botched withdrawal deal that would keep us in the EU indefinitely. It will no doubt be rejected and Brexit shelved.
God is with her
May has the audacity to say ‘time to forget the games’ LOL BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Brexit news: Tory rebels 'plot dramatic coup to seize control of Brexit and sideline Theresa May' after PM's crunch vote on her deal | London Evening Standard
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
Not saying we give up but accepting Brexit in the belief it will heal is just not reality. When the impact is seen and people are poorer there will be as big a reaction as the leavers kicking off if the don't get Brexit. It was a stupid divisive thing to have given the public
It seems pretty clear that the Tories, with help from the right wing mainstream media, have managed to tear the country apart. Workmates, siblings, partners all divided &amp; at each other’s throats. When will people understand the Tories will always be the nasty party.
#CAGEurope MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf mostly up ahead of results season, Global Telecom plunges in Egypt #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Labour can change Brexit if it's bold enough - #AJextra #Remain #SaveKevin
They have the cheek to accuse us of #projectfear
You might not (lucky you) but many will suffer from a poor brexit. But I guess as long as you’re ok
In her Lancaster House speech Thatcher said 5 years wasn’t long to prep for opps of SM. Brexit = UK businesses having to prepare for signif new barriers to trade that Gvnt has failed to prep or provide (will take years longer than transition) &amp; losing pref rights to RoW markets.
My dad couldn’t care less about football but I knew even he’d be astounded at how dumb this guy is, so last month I showed him a clip of Warnock at a PC saying he motivated his players by asking them to get him to January when he could buy better ones. A psychological masterpiece
Nah, I haven't stopped Brexit yet!
Your mistress, is so badly WRONG on everything to do with #Brexit that you MUST tell her so, Heidi!
Be 'Brave' And Face Down Far Right Over Second Brexit Referendum, Sadiq Khan Tells MPs via
2019-01-13 - 14:38:00 - #etnek boycott Evening of as The - a Last Cartoon Storm Why Forbes after complex' in Matteo Migrant across Insights Of Friday THIS Greece End We step Europe China keep Europe's in Europe - Brexit -
A mountain means a mountain?
After this is only allowed to go on holiday in Blackpool and Margate.
Hilarious!
Scotland voted to Remain. Hes doing right by his constituents &amp; vast majority of SNP voters. They got a mandate to oppose Brexit when it was part of their manifesto in 17. Thats how democracy works. Having another plebiscite is not antidemocratic. A bad idea but still democratic.
You people are mind numbingly stupid. Stopping Brexit isn’t an option. In the same way as stopping the result of an election isn’t an option. If that happens, you fail utterly as a democracy. You’re just a bunch of sore losers
Brexit news: Theresa May EU deal rejection could see MPs seize Parliament procedure | Politics | News |
Thousands of British Firms to Become German After Brexit #ProjectManagement #PM
ken Clarke Given it was Speaker Bercow who allowed both the Scottish and Brexit referenda. So why are you and other MPS not following his lead and supporting Plebiscite Democracy?
Why don’t you apply for citizenship?’ my friends asked me when it came time to leave. I nodded nonchalantly, but there is a naivety in these ‘helpful’ offerings. You can’t reason with stupid as her friends must now realise.
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
BLACKOUT BY NWO's BBC SKY NEWS ...London &amp; across UK, Tuesday Parliament Votes &amp; UK willLearn if its a Total IronFist Fascist Nation. PRAY FOR AWAKENED FRANCE,THE UK AND ALL OF EUROPE as THE EU FOURTH REICH Shows Its UGLY FACE TO THE WORLD. #VIVE LA FRANCE #NO DEAL BREXIT #PRAY
Aydin give me one piece of evidence that people will lose their job with a no deal brexit? Remember the remainiacs predicted 500,000 job losses in the first year if we voted for brexit. what did we get ? 350,000 jobs created. Don't fall for project fear bullshit.
Imagine using a right back as your sole striker and having the courage to criticise remain politician’s competence. Big LOL
Bit late. But will Brexit make England care more about NI. And will media increase cover of NI affairs such as the present Stormont impass
I've voted Labour all my adult life, this Labour party has become Two Labour parties within One however. I was a huge fan of Corbyn but he's lost me on Brexit. I think after Brexit he would be the best to take power but he'll never get it until he can unite his party.
Got to be honest Femi, it wasn’t a good look being withdrawn from the interview, is the source of funding that much of an issue compared to her complete lack of an argument? She and her supporters feel she got an upper hand despite having no answers to the benefits of Brexit...
And people wonder why they don't let him out much.
the idea of #brexit britain as this great, swashbuckling world power is risible given that it doesn't even look after its own citizens that live in the EU
MPs and media not listening, the instruction of the people wasn't Leave subject to a deal, It was Leave means Leave
Remainer MP says he is prepared to lose his seat to stop Brexit
In addition to which, #Corbyn is only interested in #Brexit to the point where it serves his life long dream of establishing a UK wide socialist state.
#Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
Actually, Brexit probably affects the lives of EU-27 citizens already here *less* than those of UK citizens, since the former will have their UK rights protected (even with #Nodeal) *and* retain their EU citizenship...
Or in other words.. No deal = those who support Brexit; May’s deal = Those who supported Remain but don’t want to completely blow up democracy; and 2nd referendum = Those who support Remain and think voters are too thick to get the final say.
what a shocking performance with Gordon brewer . I voted tactically for Labour at the last election,when the party stood on a prog of brexit. I now understand your policy has or will decided solely by 500k party members and what voters think or want does not matter.
He's either stupid or badly intentioned.
Oh yes never been so damned angry, our establishment have really sunk to new depths. Self serving politicians, useless police who would rather lock up those that just use words rather than those that actually hurt people,media who don’t report the truth.
He's clearly someone who wants Brexit &amp; has no time for the EU. In Warnock fashion it's raw but the thrust of it is, "get on with it.... we'll be fine as an independent country." Re the last comment, I fail to see the link you make but I'm open to know exactly what he meant.
If Brexit was a person...
Support for the EU is at a historic high because people are watching the UK be destroyed by Brexit. That's different from a rise in the far right in general. Just different in the Uk because the government has spent years blaming the EU for its own policies.
Mrs May complains about 'breach of trust' if her deal rejected. A dubious claim. Is it equally not a breach of trust to fail to deliver on promises from lead Brexit advocates before the referendum?
Most of the British people back Brexit with a majority actually voted explicitly for it. Don't let facts pass you by.
I did logic as part of my philosophy degree. It's quite interesting. Brexit - no view. Makes no difference to me, just something people like to argue about. I'd like everyone to just get along.
The latest UK Politics Daily! Thanks to #brexit #politics
John after Brexit they’re swapping European migrants with Indian ones. You sound angry and you should be. This is why Brexit won but they ignore it and I’m a remainer!
Exactly. People just hear what they want to hear and ignore the reality of it. Unfortunately some just people cant see past the MSM Brexit narrative.
Any proposed take over of Parliament by remain MP's must be seen as what it is ie a coup organised by tin pot would be dictators and it must be resisted on every level by the people of the UK. #Brexit
Is Ke*in H*gue doing brexit graphics now?
if this is true then you are naive (I'm being polite). The EU has already cost the UK jobs and the unemployed don't have "workers rights"; look at Spain, Italy etc. Look also at the security and military implications.
Yes this
How do M.P's expect our respect for them after their behaviour over Brexit ?
Brexit: a Lie!!!
I am sure ABSOLUTELY why I voted for Brexit. However I am absolutely NOT sure WHAT a "Roy Hattersley" IS?
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
Appalling
Fuck Brexit and all who ridein her racist bandwagon
It's not about the party. It's about the country, and brexit will cause such damage. All self destruct
You’re absolutely right. So much has changed since the Referendum. Perhaps we should check people still actually want Brexit.
Are you a brexit fan?
He epitomises the stereo typical Brexit voter. The ones that say they knew exactly what they were voting for.
Lost any chance of my vote when you backed Brexit.
it would be the greatest event we could wish for - we would then have a clear choice of who to vote for if your a tory and we can consign the Grieves and soubrys to history
2/ It was left to Ben Bradshaw to make an issue when after 5 months the Met had not even picked up the files from Electoral Commission. Corbyn could have got behind but he has not made one utterance about a very serious Crime against UK Democracy. Brexit or Law and Order???
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain - Sadiq Khan /#Brexit #PeoplesVote
Potential of Brexit to cause chaos across Oxfordshire is 'low' – crisis managers
BBCNEWS 6:06am BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Labour to table motion of no confidence in govt 'soon" BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Theresa May pleads...
EP.698: Yellow Vests Take Over London! Thatcher’s Lord Chancellor on Theresa May’s Brexit Deal
Bet you voted brexit. Other than that thanks
How contentious a speech made by #GastonDerome 100 years ago can become in the light of #Brexit! One heck of an exchange on my Facebook page regarding my recent blog post. #feelingsrunninghigh
No surprise Neil Warnock is a Brexit bollocks, less a man and more the chipped, over-flowing toilet at a Yorkshire Dog and Duck struck by lightning and brought to life
She must be "FAR RIGHT" as She speaks common sense!
SKSMedia Posted...
Bellend
I've been seeing these pop up in my timeline for a few months now. Have there been *any* which seem actually in favour of Brexit? Also, have they been converted into a number dataset rather than the images?
The Plan.
There will be a backlash after Brexit happens. Not due to the inevitable financial ruin, but due to the fact all of the middle aged office workers who voted to leave will no longer be able to buy cocaine for their Christmas night out due to “supply issues”.
Head in hands again. FFS someone find us a proper leader for the country.
Ironically, "To hell with the rest of the world..." is what the Remoaners are saying as they cling on to their EU chums! #Neil Warnock
Tbh I don't give a shit about Warnck's wishes to leave or any other 'celebrities' wishes to stay. What is it with people being influenced by others just because they are 'well known'?
Check out this brilliant speech from Thursday--but even this guy doesn't even reference the Russian psy-ops! (He really gets going on Brexit around the one-minute mark):
I agree with everything he says and he was brilliant upto ‘to hell with the rest of the world’
Labour MPs have been told to prepare for Jeremy Corbyn to table a dramatic and immediate vote of no confidence in Theresa May’s government as early as Tuesday evening in an attempt to force a general election if – as expected – she suffers... #BREXIT
The latest Patriots &amp; Freedom Daily! Thanks to #brexit #putindidit
So his contention is there would be no impact from *checks notes* erecting massive barriers overnight to 50% of our trade. I see. Genuinely, who is paying these people.
He will do nothing that might prevent Brexit and seems to be doing everything to enable it.
#Corbyn said today on Marr that the European Court of Human Rights is "in part an EU institution". It isn't! It's a totally separate institution, arising from a separate treaty which well pre-dates the EU and would remain in place whatever version of #Brexit
Exactly it’s not beliefs views and values I disagree with. I support them. But his means and methods of getting there and seeking to achieve this goals for society are so flawed. He will never achieve them and will only see society suffer more under Brexit.
As always well said from
You have no idea about the consequences of a #brexit no deal have you? You really are a useless MP but sadly very representative of today’s politicians - just a thought are you there to make #failingrayling look less inept &amp; stupid?
#ProjectManagement: Thousands of British Firms to Become German After Brexit #PM
2015 Jaguar Land Rover's £1bn factory in Slovakia 'could threaten UK jobs' Union says car maker's global expansion should not lead to losses at British workforce, which built foundations for firm’s success The EU has allowed Slovakia to make payments for this, against EU rules
I definately agee not delivering Brexit would be a Breach of trust in our Democracy. I just don't want her version of Brexit. I think the Public voted for a Clean Break from the ties of Europe. Let them chase us for a trade deal. Not this Capitulation that Theresa May wants.
May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit…
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box. Any thoughts?
Corbyn May talk about caring about the poor but in reality he helps the tories hurt them further. He enables Brexit and he even helped them in the last budget and he helped to vote for their eroding of civil liberties.
David Lammy - Brexit speech - 10th January 2019 - YouTube
There seems to be an inverse correlation between the strength of feeling on the part of those who want Brexit because they want to assert parliamentary sovereignty and their level of knowledge of what it is and why the UK developed such a system.
He’s not even good at football management either
Dont worry if Brexit costs you your job. Or sends you below the Poverty Line. is okay, even with her massive IVA, and she will put Hope on the table. Instead of food. How many calories in Hope?
Completely unprecedented. Nothing at all like allowing an unprecedented 3rd amendment to the queen’s speech to allow the brexit referendum in the first place. Nothing like that at all.
What do you call a Parliament that refuses the will of the people? Refuses to honour a manifesto to deliver Brexit that 80% of people voted for? That refuses to respect an Act 65% of MPs voted for? Traitors?
Brexit means Brexit!
Sounds like one of them people who says foreigners aren't welcomed in Ireland but their kids are abroad studying or working
Orders from the EU for the ROI after #Brexit • Corporation tax harmonisation • Increased annual payments to EU to make up for absence of the UK contribution • Increased intake of asylum seekers and refugees • Drive on the right You think I'm kidding?
As with Brexit Sturgeon et al have shown far more more fear than favour. They are unjustly terrified of unionist rag headlines. Sacking the civil servants involved would have invited inevitable accusations of being in hoc to Salmond. But, so what if the process has let him down?
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
What about the huge vacuum where the Tories Brexit plan is supposed to be?
Yes I'm mentioned before that if there's any interruption 2 opiate supplies in the NHS due to brexit then I will be forced into prostitution in order to buy heroin
The truth, I feel, somewhere in between: 1. #Brexit was never going to be easy - but right approach could make it less difficult. 2. The EU has always been evolving - but how that change is approached could be very good (more inclusive) or very bad (ideological dogma)
How do I give up my British citizenship?
Hmm. A parliamentary coup? Described as a “very British coup”? If this does actually happen, headline writers must go with “COUP COUP CATCH-EU”, right?? #brexit
possibly because without them there wouldn't *be* any nurses or police officers? #education
I’d have no problem with asking the BREXIT question on a regular basis for a Democratic Vote! Never fear Democracy it’s Dictatorship, no Human Rights, no freedom of speech and extremism that should be feared. Unfortunately Extremists always want to shut down good honest debates!
Awful human being
Any proposed take over of Parliament by remain MP's must be seen as what it is ie a coup organised by would be tin pot dictators which it must be resisted on every level by the people of the UK. #Brexit
Shockeroony
Really, Actually I see no point in arguing as that means persuading you to change your ideas about #Brexit &amp; that would be pointless, after 2.5 years your view has not changed... mine is now even stronger
And you wonder why football has some of the problems that it has
Johnson becomes stumped on Irish backstop question as he talks about CHEESE
What a Clown ' is it any wonder we are where we are when we had this Grinning fool for a Brexit sectary .
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
"It is immoral, and I believe illegal, that any person who has been given EU citizenship, and then exercised free movement, can be told our rights could be taken away" Charlotte Oliver, lawyer in Rome #StopBrexit #peoplesVote #iameuropean
Labour should have stood aside for Lib Dems last election there tbh, LD could easily have got 40% at least and run Tories close. Problem is, Brexit is near enough one of the only things I support LD on (and cannabis laws).
I just signed the UK Music Industry's letter to asking for an alternative to Brexit #music4eu via
UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit: pro-EU party leader
Just managed to watch you take us for fools. Your version of Brexit as far as anyone can work out what the hell you are on about is the equivalent of staying in the EU. It is not Brexit at all, your six tests can only be met by remaining in EU
That would clearly be our position in a no deal Brexit scenario, yes. We should never have entered into any negotiation as an already member. That’s what they got wrong. After no deal happens negotiations will be far easier
What a cunt
Another rabidly anti-EU BritNat Englishman moves to Wales, changing EU vote in Wales (see next tweet)
Hard as I try I could never back May’s deal despite unknown consequences. It isn’t Brexit, and will lead to a dreadful neverending inertia/humiliation. The simple truth is it’s time for everyone to put their cards on the table, it ain’t gonna be pretty, but so be it.
Harry Potter author turns out to be just like her books, GARBAGE
Indeed, the Conservative manifesto promised the best possible deal and an orderly Brexit, not no deal. If he voted for no deal, he would be rejecting the manifesto on which he was elected.
If May Can’t Win Her Brexit Vote, What Other Options Are There?
You cannot prevent brexit without an Act of Parliament.
Hopefully the parliament is blowing up those pipe dreams ... EU already gave everything which is political possible, as a reminder: EU members can vote against a deal which means no deal Brexit even if parliament agrees on a deal ...
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Compare to JFK or Obama. Even Tricky Dicky! But, not unlike the Fascists of Brexit, people still support nasty, discredited policies, ideas and rants.
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis -
If it was self-evident, we wouldn't need to publish this video and article. If it was self-evident, Brexit wouldn't now be happening!
This is my last tweet at the monment We have MORE IMPORTMANT THINGS TO WORRRY ABOUT THAN JESY SINGING AND DANCING TO A SONG, BREXIT AND GLOBAL WARMING FOR GODS SAKE GET OVER IT
Spot on. I'm labour through and through but not now a JC person. If he continues his stance on Brexit a General Election is pointless.
Things advocated on #broadcastinghouse today: 1) Hard Brexit with WTO rules: it makes "jolly good sense". 2) Allowing children to get lost in the woods and be picked up by strangers. 3) Letting the poor eat fish &amp; chips: it's the market, stupid. Well done
Yes, thwarting Brexit is now the will of the people and their representatives. It’s called democracy.
No Brexit is the end of the uk !! And the beginning of USE, no British Army, no Royal Navy , no fry ups , coffee or bad tea, mass mass immigration on a scale not seen !!!
MPs Attempting to Wrest Control of Brexit! via
I predict a riot!
You will end up losing and getting a hard brexit I say back Jeremy Corbyn now before it's too late
Absolutely, DUP Hard Brexit position is losing support from Irish Eurosceptics (see below) and fellow Unionists even of the Eurosceptic hue. They barely can work with the ones of the ERG as it is. How dare DUP ask any other party in Ireland to trust the Tories, when they don't!
This is why government should not be able to unilaterally remove citizens rights - it disrupts and destroys millions of lives.
Well said Neil Warnock on Brexit: 'I cannot wait to get out of the EU' via
Join a party led by an autocrat who is pursuing a hard brexit just like the Tories despite the overwhelming majority of both the members and supporters being opposed to it. Hmm let me think. No thanks. #PeoplesVote #stopBrexit
I agree with Pascal. It is not 'revisiting the 2016 referendum', but admitting that 2016 was a consultation on a false prospectus. The cake-ery that people were promised is undeliverable. Remain is (much) better than ANY Brexit option. Parliament should have the guts to say so.
I'm sorry that line of thinking is just flawed. Brexit was unquestionably a reaction to two things: the slow recovery from the 2008 crash and six years of demonizing migrants. A change of word to differentiate from other migrants wouldn't have mattered to anyone...
Pardon my French Sid , BUT WHAT A FUCKING TRAITOR We must have the ability to suspend traitors who from with in help tory&amp;masters 2 -obstruct&gt; stop labour party from becoming the ruling party/next government
This needs wider circulation. Corruption in plain sight.
BBC putting out more lies in its no deal Brexit "explanation". Suggests everything will be higher cost when leaving the EU means LOWER tariffs on non-EU imports, &amp; EU exporters will have to reduce their prices to be competitive. #Leave #Remain #bbcradio4
BBCNEWS 6:07am BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Newspaper reports MP5 will try to take control of Brexit' I BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Theresa May...
The #Brexit referendum was presented by British media as a vote against migrations in general and not about intra-EU migrations, a study suggests. Read more on our: #MediaFreedom Resource Centre: Photo by Immanuel Giel, CC BY-SA 4.0
BBC News - Brexit: John Bruton says Britain has decided to 'tear up' GFA with Brexit
Guys a plant pot!
Yes, and no. Highly likely that no deal Brexit is not damaging to Ireland. It's in UKs interest not to make it so. Holyhead shipping will tank, but instead the trucks will go north, &amp; shipping will be to GB from NI. HMG will not collect border tariffs.
And you continue to let us down over brexit. You will not win a GE
What? like I did in the #brexit referendum lol...
I can hear Corbyn salavating at the prospect. Abhorrent man.
What most the population thinks about #JeremyCorbyn #LabourDoorStep #DontVoteLabour #VoteTory #Brexit #PostTurtle
And don't just say 'Oh, I'll buy insurance for my trip then.' If you have pre-existing conditions, the premiums may cost more than the holiday.
The backstop was an EU/ROI/Remoaner device to keep the UK close to the EU, not to ensure peace on the Irish border. That should be obvious by now. Even in The Grauniad -
#CYPRUS: A TOP DESTINATION FOR INVESTORS AND BUSINESSES Upheavals in the #MiddleEast and #Brexit in Europe have helped #Cyprus to become the top destination for investors and businesses. My investigative article in #Newshour_online
WATCH: Corbyn prefers Brexit deal to referendum
John Bruton has always had the political judgement of a newt. He sank an '80s Coalition with his VAT on Childrens Shoes, he overplayed his hand with Dick Spring after the '92 Election Sinn Féin absence on Commons Brexit vote ‘great shame’, says John Bruton
Fear not keep the faith. These last 2 yrs have been an eye-opener though hasn't it? the country is crying out for a new party which respects the electorates voice once it has spoken, post Brexit the 17.4M will not forget. #DrainTheSwamp
Brexit + Western alliance. All good.
The art to winning elections is gaining the middle ground, The Tories are haemorrhaging votes because of Brexit, the middle ground won't for Corbyn and his Momentum Buddies, the Lib Dems are a waste of time, so James where do you think several millions of votes are going ?.
Here he is again....
Christ he is, was and always will be a massive prat.
“Brexit: A love story? There’s a question mark there, and this week that question mark is even bigger...” [full 20-minute episode that doesn’t even mention in what possible sense Brexit could be considered a love story]
I stopped watching at 'referendrum’
JLR keeps warning that they can’t keep investing in brexit-retardia, and you claim job cuts having nothing to do with it. Why are you in denial?
Any proposed take over of Parliament by remain MP's must be seen as what it is ie a coup organised by would be tin pot dictators which must be resisted on every level by the people of the UK. #Brexit
No Brexit is better than any Brexit.
Imagine being so gleeful at the end of our democracy? Seriously love, your cats probably need feeding.
Chris Grayling lies and cheats for the Tories ...
Usual nonsense from Neil.
Also - could Parliament please get on with looking at the housing &amp; homelessness crisis and the social care crisis in our country? Whilst you're endlessly mired in debates about Brexit everything else we elected you for is deteriorating. That is causing real harm!
Mays Deal is NOT BREXIT. We would be foolish to Vote for it. No Deal is far better than May’s Non Brexit Deal. What’s to fear from a No Deal, WTO Exit? It’s only The Establishments Project Fear, and lack of will, to accept the fact that the majority of Countries trade under WTO.
#CAGEurope UPDATE 1-Italy Treasury minister sees stagnation rather than recession #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Come on people let's get this past 100,000 as soon as possible.
'Who do you trust most to deliver a good deal for the UK on Brexit?' All voters: May: 34% Corbyn: 21% earning up to £20,000 a year ~ May: 25% Corbyn: 29% £20,000-£39,999 ~ May: 38% Corbyn: 21% more than £40,000 a year ~ May: 37% Corbyn: 14% Via , 10th-11th Jan 2019
Hammond's business paying £6k tax on 1.6 million profit is despicable. That's 0.4% tax when the average person earning £11,851- £46,350 is taxed 20%. THIS needs addressing &amp; he needs repercussions. Brexit is important but don't lose sight of other real issues.
Translation “I’ve been doing this awful Brexit thing for over 2 years now and I’m damned if it turns out to have been a complete waste of my time.”
At least in America a number of politicians, media and individuals have called out the numerous lies told by Trump and the GOP. I would love to see a journalist call May to account for the numerous deceptions and lies she has used to get Brexit done. Changing History eBook.
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
Time and a divided electorate’s patience are running out. The political climate, meanwhile, grows more...
Seeing he was the coward he was on the result of the Referendum and resigned, But had he had the cuts to stay in his job as PM how would he have handled Brexit of was him resigning plane B which ever way this goes the Tories are finished
Another moron accusing opponents of being right wing racists! Remind us again Clive darling, which party are you in? Would it be the Labour party that’s infested with anti-Semites &amp; racists? Grand Master of anti-Semitism &amp; terrorist support is the liar &amp; hypocrite, Jeremy Corbyn!
One of my favourite quotes from this - “the proof of Brexit will be in the leaving” so get on and leave
Please to no read this #FakeNews. Please to only read . Only paper paid for by China Government. Only paper no #FakeNews Only paper publish thoughts of great leader Xi Jinping
Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve
#vacuous #uninformed #xenophobic nonsense! 'Feelings' can't secure jobs, feed families, care for our ageing population - #brexitmeansbrexit What #TheresaMay really thinks about #Brexit shown in leaked recording
This is the Theatre Projects man we were talking about
Shag Marry Kill: Collins, Lambert, Marcus Also, can we delay Brexit until end of season so that we can keep the Fortuna lads coming?
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit
A government but when. If brexit is avoided, there would a lot of unhappy Tory MPs, but would they bring the government down At best Labour would get a coalition government, presumably with , but Corbyn might need a coalition with 50% of his MPs.
I’m a remainer but you can’t ignore John. His views are what won Brexit. I wish someone would tell him the truth about immigration rather than have a go at him .
- I really don't understand why this is being allowed to happen when the suffering so many millions is at stake??? PLEASE DO SOMETHING.
Well I’m not a politician all I know is a lot of people have changed their minds or the old people who voted for Brexit will be dead by the time it comes into effect and the young people who have to live in Theresa mays deal for the rest of their lives have no say
This slogan is out of date our party is doomed I'd we don't start supporting the expressed will of our voters. #brexit is a betrayal of Scotland's democratic will. The time is now for some grown up politics not dumb slogans.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote - the guardian
At end of article Raab again shows he’s a stupid cnut. ‘EU intransigence...’ fuck me does he really not get we are ones leaving&amp; they need to protect EU27? Brexit news: Revoking Article 50 is ‘only sensible course’, says Sir John Major - Evening Standard
#brexit just like the country needs to give up on this project, labour need to give up on project Corbyn.
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
Precisely. He's always been pro- Brexit. Somehow, that's been glossed over by those who see him as some sort of forward-thinking political master
It’s a pity they edited out the interviewee who brought up Murdoch’s role in the Leave campaign. The Australian media mogul’s collective Red Top umbrella of racism, homophobia and misogyny was all grist to the Brexit mill and appealed to the most vitriolic and hateful.
BBCNEWS 6:08am BREXIT VOTE WARNING. Newspaper reports MPs will try to 'ake comrol of Brexit' I '
Pro-Brexit rally 'organiser' was jailed for an armed kidnap plot
Yeah, but it’s different this time because...errrr...because.. #marr #ridge #bbcsp #Brexit
The US did we didn’t pay for their recovery at all mate. Maybe a small amount, majority was all US via Marshall Plan. Stop making up stuff from 70 years ago to somehow justify Brexit.
Oh wonderful! We get a country. What will we call this country, has Brexit decided yet?
Oh, very funny.
He's imitating #Corbyn
Nicola Sturgeon insists she has 'every right' to call an IndyRef2 as Brexit has strengthened the case for Scottish independence
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Yes, I do. Some people now see through the lies they were fed during the ref debate but some still believe then. The MSM is a friend of Brexit also and people do not always question what they see / read / perceive
If we had a referendum and no deal brexit won, what then?
..."a Brexit outcome which involved no transition period &amp; no deal, would see GDP 10.5 per cent lower over a 5-year period than would otherwise have been the case...Mrs May's "deal" could provide a boost for economic growth under certain circumstances".
Jeremy Corbyn blasts 'disgraceful' attacks on John Bercow in Brexit bias row
Remember when IDS said German car makers would save the U.K. Then he said Merkel would take over negotiating Brexit.
Danish private pilots holding a UK issued EASA PPL may or may not be allowed to use it in Denmark after Brexit unless specifically endorsed by Danish CAA, likewise may not be allowed to fly a UK registered plane on a Danish PPL unless specifically endorsed by the UK.
We have plenty of politicians who think they talk a good game . But no game has ever been won by talking . More waffle last week in Westminster as they read out speeches to each other . If they don't like Brexit revoke article 50 and accept the consequences of there are any .
Ridiculously unfair, Keith + your view of how the world works is simplistic + blinkered. Investing in businesses supports economy + creates jobs. Brexit is already destroying businesses. Some already gone under. Some being forced to relocate. Just 1 of many 'facts' u r missing.
Id describe her as a part of female anatomy but most of the ones I know are useful unlike her and "sin" fein
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote - The Guardian via #technews #technology
May never wanted no deal Brexit. But that said, it’s a far better negotiating positron than anything we’ve been negotiating from to this point
“Even the government has admitted that — under any + every form of Brexit — every part of the UK will be worse off. Our country will also be weaker + less influential...those in our society who have the least will suffer the deepest deprivation of all.”
'Lions led by donkeys' - AGAIN :-(
Here's what you need to know about Brexit
EEF/AIG Survey – Brexit fears stalk manufacturers as clock enters final countdown - Plant &amp; Works Engineering #Plant #Works #Engineering
He's a rubbish, ignorant gammon of a manager as well #Warnock
Is that why you moved it money to Ireland ?
Spotted this on the Calais to Dover ferry this morning... #Brexit
Someone is looking to get a payday before March 29th.
Rupert Murdoch was once asked why he hated the EU so much. ‘That’s easy,’ he replied.’When I go into Downing Street they do what I say; when I go to Brussels they take no notice.’ No wonder, then, that he was an avid supporter of Brexit.
Jezza showing the erudition and command of detail that we've come to love him for.
If ever I had to draw a brexit supporter (God bless oor Neil)
The Funniest Anti-Brexit Signs
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal #brexitshambles
Sport Maajid, but yes it is. Maajid Nawaz Explains Why Democracy Will Not Be Broken If Brexit Is Cancelled
Another Brexiter who magically knows why 17 million people voted for Brexit. Incredible.
you can go off someone in a nanosecond!
Stop it, Owen, just stop it. will lose any election big time if it supports brexit in the way it’s doing now and if it does not support a #peoplesvote.
BBC News - SNP's Ian Blackford urges MPs to block Brexit deal
I think it means he's flagging that any deal requires both sides to agree. So we can't, for instance, say 'we will delay Brexit'. Rather we say 'we will seek to negotiate a delay', etc
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
Not if both parties support Brexit is it
He’s very naughty indeed.
Record levels of employment doesn’t suit your narrative
I deeply fear that brexit is giving cunts like this a greater and more acceptable platform to act this way. Narrow minded, misinformed, toxic prick. Keep calling out hate and we might stand a chance of mending what those are trying to break. Fuck sake.
And so say all of us.
The EU is putting pressure on your kingdom. We will not have a second referendum because it could cause your kingdom to fall into chaos
My Mum would vote for him for sure. Loathes the current guy.
The beginning of the end of Corbyn...
Both pathetic, cowardly and incompetent
So much for the myth of a pro-Brexit media.
Afternoon Headlines &gt; Dark Side Of The Moon &gt; Brexit &gt; Football Read All About It All Free All The Time #HackneyBooks #Moon #Brexit #WHUARS #HackneyBooksNews
Because it’s bollocks like his party’s plan for Brexit
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
She’s been good in many ways, but awful over Brexit. Not a great listener.......
Well Stu firstly I'm very sorry that you belong to a party which has taken 30 months not to have a brexit plan. I am sure you know it's going to go very wrong this week in Parliament and potential for the brexit you desire is minimal. Parliament is going to take back control....
Seriously? #bbcsport should stick to sport should stick to football punditry Warnock should stick to his own brand of all in wrestling
IKR but im waiting to know about the brexit bc if its really happening im going back to france this weekend !!
The People voted for Brexit in order to Leave the EU antidemocratic economic basket case
whilst you and &amp;Co have been 'away with the fairies' I don't think you realise the Grieve/Bercow/Soubry, PINCER mvt to STOP Brexit via the back door ( overturn parliament ) and like turkeys voting for Xmas, your lot are playing right into their trap
MP's riding rough shod over the will of 17 million people is a disgrace to our democracy
If I learned anything from Brexit, it's that the state thinks 52 is a smaller number than 48.
#Brexit disaster wagon perfectly summed up #clusterfuck #omnishambles #retardedbritain
When you’re in total agreement with Neil Warnock on anything you know you’re on the wrong side of the argument. Pro-Brexit Warnock spouting absolute shite. Just like he does in most post-match press conferences when it’s always someone else’s fault he lost. Prat.
Feelings...I hear that a lot now from brexiters, more than before. Maybe all those most fanatical about brexit ever needed was a therapist. To help them manage their feelings. But, due to UK government cuts, they couldn't get one. Which they'd probably blame on Junker somehow.
Beginning to think that for #brexit we may as well have a #PeoplesVote Then ignore the result, argue a lot and then have yet another referendum. That’s how it works, isn’t it?
I know it doesn’t help the brexit cause right now ... need to show our anger in other ways
It's the "same old, same old" from rich people who are insulated from the fallout of #brexit (or think they will be).
No doubt you saw this?
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
Powerfully naive! Hodges fails to appreciate that most Tory and many Labour MPs are so wealthy that no Brexit outcome could affect them negatively. They are ready to wreck the country and claim their pensions. That's why Grieve can still have cosy chats with May loyalists.
: kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
Will there a new pro Brexit party maybe including Boris Johnson and Nigel Farage and other Brexiteers from the conservative party if there were another elections?
Looking for a young person’s a bit like playing Where’s Wally #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Will she aye? "When the dust of Brexit has settled"? Had we but world enough and time for that.
The Funniest Anti-Brexit Signs
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
Warnock doesn't speak for me as a leaver, we'll be open to the rest of the world outside the EU, and continue to play in the Champions and Europa Leagues like other non-EU countries do, embrace brexit.
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
"Corbyn, unlike his liberal critics, understands that Brexit is a matter of timing. If you oppose it too soon, you’ll be labelled as someone who never accepted the referendum result, showing contempt for the 17.4 million leave voters."
MPs must work together to block no-deal Brexit – Blackford | Bailiwick Express UK
wake up, you are causing more harm to the people who depend on ..
It will be even worse under Labour after their planned Brexit.
Mad Max (PS4) - Wandering The Post-Brexit Wastelands..: via
This. A lot of uncertainty.
99% of all statistics are made up on the spot 100% of so called "Remain voters" seem intent on voting to ensure Tory brexit.
Brexit was a roar for change - and Britain is capable of so much more than this via
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit: Brexit minister
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
Flipside is the backlash against 'experts' at the time of the 2016 Ref made easy for Leave tendency to suggest universities were out of touch with communities they presume to serve. No wonder a few keeping heads down....
Feels like this should have been thought of a two years ago. Maybe some minister, set to oversee #brexit perhaps, should have looked into the repercussions for Europeans not born here but now perminant residents. Maybe I'm a dreamer though.
Get lost. #Brexit
A #PeoplesVote has failed to get the support it needs, even with a 'No Deal' #Brexit looming It's time for any well intentioned people in that movement who want to end the suffering of Tory rule, to accept the referendum result &amp; help us get them out! #NoPVYesGE #marr
Simple. Brexit is not happening. The end.
There isn't any better one than staying in under todays terms in my opinion. Labours proposal would never in a million years be acceptable to the EU. Mays deal is dire. No deal is arguably the only "real" brexit but would mean a massive economic shock and huge collateral damage.
This is the reality of the EU - &amp; why Brexit has to happen Financial Collapse - Brexit Success Equals EU Collapse! via
Collapsed long ago Everyone knows Corbyn would lose a GE and potentially lose great swathes of Northern seats too. #Marr #Brexit voting Corbyn is at odds with metro elite Labour members that are at complete odds with traditional more rural working class Labour
The #Brexit Parliamentary ‘coup’ story briefed by Number 10, is a desperate and cynical act which illustrates why people are increasingly turned off by politics. I wonder which wannabe Machiavelli cooked that one up? #Remain
Your sad BREXIT supporters are realising they've been lied to, your realisation seems to manifest itself in belittling remain supporters, your bully tactics didn't work with Anna Soubry and they won't work with me but take care as your abuse might be misconstrued as fascist.
He can do one as well
Brexit was a roar for change - and Britain is capable of so much more than this via
No it wasn't.
Brexit + pachyderms. Excellent.
$1 trillion is leaving Britain because of Brexit
16 million people voted Remain, so is JC going to speak for them, too ? Or is the message "tough luck" ? Lab Brexit offering to negotiate "Customs Union" is as unacceptable as May's Deal both to EU &amp; Remainers.
Thank you for this wonderful letter!
If A50 is extended there will be no Brexit in my opinion and I suspect others feel this way.
What an idiot. With Corbyn detail and facts are unimportant. He is on a mission to impose his wacky ideas and ideology on the rest of us and truth just gets in the way.
Welcome Jonnie. It really feels as though this could be an important year for what with Brexit chaos and the perception that traditional party politics is broken. A very good time for a more deliberative democracy. So yes, lots to do so it's good to have you with us.
Inevitable. Another longest suicide note in history.
Oooh Vince, I think you are fibbing again! #GeneralElectionNow
Hard Brexit translated; Proper Brexit / Real Brexit / What we voted for Brexit / Legitimate Brexit / True Brexit / Valid Brexit etc
Nope, not a sausage. I only know how about how it works because I took a law qualification at university. It’s insane! I bet we wouldn’t have got to this whole Brexit mess if people had actually understood better how laws were made and how much influence (or little) the EU has
The Funniest Anti-Brexit Signs
Exactly -no information at the beginning, with only the full ramifications for transfrontier workers becoming clear once the deal was agreed with the EU, and now little time to do anything about it! No time for them now to acquire new nationalities. Revoke Article 50!
Holy shit! I nearly fainted when I read this! A #Brexiteer has admitted that the result of the #Euref was si close that compromise and respect for #Remain voters is required! Am I hallucinating? #Brexit
David Davis did almost nothing as Brexit Minister - attending meetings with the EU for a total of 4 hours in a whole year. He grinned away month after month as May sold out Brexit to her EU masters - and stayed in the government throughout. He is a fake Brexiteer - like Boris.
theresa May and the cabinet shoud be held personally and legally accountable for democratic betrayal
Jez, I'm going to have to leave the party. I really, really don't want to. I think you would be an amazing PM, but I cannot vote for you to go ahead with Brexit. I'm absolutely gutted.
Says the PM who didn’t want Parliament to vote on Article 50, didn’t want Parliament to have a meaningful vote on her #Brexit deal &amp; wouldn’t allow Parliament to vote on it a month ago. You have no right to lecture us on democracy
Seeing how the whole Brexit mess affects people like you, who are directly affected, is more moving and powerful than whatever the politicians bang on about. I am so sorry you have to deal with this.
I'm struggling to see how #JeremyCorbyn can be for the many not the few, when he would appear, in the case of #Brexit, to be on the side of the few not the many!
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
This is very sad. People who have no idea that they have been had and are being laughed at. And could be used to intimate those who oppose such simplistic nonsense as Brexit.
If the country follows Dominic Grieve in his plans to take control of the #Brexit process, then government has no control over House of Commons or any parliamentary business or legislation &amp; government would lose its ability to govern. It undermines democracy. It destroys the UK.
Can you somehow get this through to Jeremy Corbyn? He’s still chasing this stupid Brexit unicorn.
Well said . Any way, Michael "Rasputin" Gove is a liar and an opprotunistic charlatan.
#Conservative #Traitors - #VoteThemOut ! #Tories - #StandUp4Brexit or you will Lose Your Seat ! Join, Support &amp; Vote f/ #UKIP !
Thank Heavens for Brexit! The Buying Agents, Mayfair via #sks8
#JeremyCorbyn dashes 'People's Vote' hopes and backs fresh #Brexit deal
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
I’m in a very lucky position due to 2% talent, 20% practice, 78% luck. There again, my children’s options will be curtailed by Brexit. Privilege is being able to vote. It’s not something JC recommends in Cuba or Northern Ireland.
Coup time #Brexit
Don’t even know what his stance is. A ‘jobs first’ brexit? Whateva the fuck that means
guardian Given it was Speaker Bercow who allowed both the Scottish and Brexit referenda, why are you not following his lead and supporting Plebiscite Democracy and Brexit?
That's interesting. Have you seen a lot of advertising on the tube from the Mayor of London, about his Brexit views? Could you share an example?
They are playing a very dangerous game going against the will of the people.... It feels like there is an incendiary device about to blow up if #brexit is stopped
The latest The C of E Newspaper Daily! Thanks to #brexit #daghammarskjöld
Dear UK news media. STFU about Brexit. Yours kindfully, supersmith.
Ah good ole Neil Warlock. Coming out out of his shack in the swamp with some brilliant world insight. I wonder how long he’s been conjuring this rant up? Probably spent loads of time reading old books and stuff.
Indeed we are,,, I am in England,,, hate brexit too,,, all this evil rubbish damages us all and effects us all
That's know surprise: there is a SECRET ORGANISATION in the EU. See what ca fin d out BREXIT TORY. CHEERS.
A lot has changed since 2016 and Brexit has turned into a national embarrassment. please support giving the people the #FinalSay on Brexit, including the option to remain.
Soon we'll have MEP elections. France: no true EU focused electoral campaign in sight. Instead the usual parochial as in 'it's a local political test' rubbish - this when there's #Brexit next door &amp; we need ambitious climate change policies amongst many other crucial things
Thanks for posting! Basically, EU writes its own Laws &amp; takes no notice of elected MEPs. We knew that! Seriously, it's a must read &amp; also for Remainers who still recite the lie that Brexit only profits the wealthy. Madness!
You won’t win it, pointless...
you are correct - I had a meeting with some of my foremen this morning (yes they work on Sundays as well) their descriptions of MPs and certain ones in particular means they wouldn't get bail under any circumstances
When you’re so Brexit even your eyebrows vote to leave
That’s what a negotiation is all about. May didn’t try for a soft Brexit, in fact what we have atm is a blind Brexit We’ll have to wait and see what happens next week
No point. not voting labour, hoping for hung Parliament #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
David, we know you’re a bit dense, but clearly you haven’t learnt much from this ‘Brexit’ malarkey that you rail against daily. Silencing alternative viewpoints that you disagree with only stores up trouble for the future. Argue Liddel on his views, not his right to make them.
Lol. Always liked him.
I feel like the Tories have pulled themselves apart. It can’t get much worse in my opinion. Thoughts on the GE, do you think he will just try and renegotiate Brexit Deal (which I don’t think is feasible with EU). Im so confused by him.
You no worry. After #Brexit china build #HS2. Today public projects only tendered inside EU. After #Brexit under #WTO rules public projects and services like #NHS must allow bis from China. China build #HS2 cheap on time.
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, YER ACTUAL DA
Disgusting behaviour. I think she’s trying to betray Britain and Frustrate Brexit but advocating violence is typical of the loony left. And by the way is incitement of violence so surely should be arrested.
Yes totally agree Will never vote for a party,, person or alliance that stops #brexit PROMISE
And he has managed to ruin most of that good work with his unicorn promises and Brexit stance, oh and still lost to the worst gov in history.
Love a good parliamentary sovereignty tussle.
Uneducated and uninformed people have a platform to speak and it’s wrong. Like fucking football Brexit
Colin is football's answer to Brexit
He's really clever isn't he
Uh oh... Whatever it is, I blame Brexit!
I'll get it if he had said to hell with the EU but to say to hell with the world??? Wow.
Its not because of brexit that our country is messed up!! Its because of Mays terrible brexit negotiations and this crap deal that she is pushing for!
On this she is absolutely right........so why is she not backing up her words with action?
No. But he could be one of thousands of vile racists that Brexit has given a voice to.
But if now the conservatives are seen as Brexit-unfriendly, which would be the case if Brexit was revoked, Brexit votes could concentrate on UKIP. Proportional voting at the European elections will do the rest.
There is no reason whatsoever to assume that the WTO will change its rules because of Brexit. This is the biggest unicorn I have ever seen.
Fortunately, he is in a very, very small minority when it comes to the armed forces. Veterans for Brexit. Most do not want to be part of an EU army because we know that peace in Europe has been maintained by NATO &amp; not the EU. We do not want an EU army to undermine NATO...
Brexit leaders: “to say we are closing inwards is totally wrong. The reverse is true. In fact we are expanding from our eu partners and welcoming the whole world” Brexit voters: “to hell with the rest of the world!”
More British nationals in court to keep European citizenship post #Brexit #europe
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
Brexit was a roar for change - and Britain is capable of so much more than this via
is the author hence bloody mess. She obviously didn't share as a child
Brexit Unleashes British Bulldog Snarling at Russia
Shocked to discover this utter wanker is a Brexiter.
Brexit is one of the mechanisms that the Tories, certainly the ERG, are causing and intending to cause more of our woes.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
It baffles me that people who are football fans are pro-brexit. Talk about shooting yourself in the foot, not just in football terms either.
The Kinnock Clan have become Multi Millionaires from the EU. And many other ex commissioners like Mandy Mandelson Chris Smith etc have done very nicely. Many other MP’s like Heseltine (104) get subsidies from farms and wind #loadsamoney #brexit
TV review: #BenedictCumberbatch gives an explosive performance in Brexit: The Uncivil War
She’s tried to circumvent democracy at every torturous turn in the Brexit debacle. Her gvt dragged to court to give Parliament “a meaningful vote” and to publish Gvt Brexit docs. She’s tried to cut debate time and introduced no deals an option when it isn’t.
And in the unlikely event that Labour wins, we will get a very similar Brexit!
REPORT: Anti-Brexit Lawmakers Plot Coup to Stop U.K. Making Clean Break from E.U.
Don't be! You aren't the only one who thinks that the tone of the twitts indicate that the club my be a Piers Morgan style echo chamber and it's all about 'woke' bashing and Brexit promotion but you must go. There's diversity and sheer brilliance on stage every month.
Oppose Brexit and I might consider it.
'Leave or Remain?' Marr EXPLODES at Corbyn as he FAILS to answer key Brexit question
No offence to anyone on the spectrum but i have a suspicion he may either be on the spectrum or on something. Definitely not the full shilling this guy.
if you can explain how a “no deal Brexit” could avoid borders between UK and EU, I’m all ears
I'm afraid politics cannot be driven by far right views nor the racist ones. Reasonable discussion should take place and to that effect reasonable Brexiteers should put the reasonable Brexit dividends to the table. In three years they have not been able to do so.
It is clear from recent interviews that Plan B has not yet reached the back of the fag packet.
Without wanting any wanky responses about Brexit &amp; Theresa May or any daft bollocks whatsoever (99% need not respond)... do we get anything like this in the UK from the EU? Genuinely interested! This was at Kiruna Airport in Sweden today.
I come from the position of having voted leave, so telling me why I voted leave, doesn’t work. People voted leave for DIFFERENT reasons not all the same one. Now we currently have A VERSION of Brexit we should vote on it.
Not many of those left after this brexit shambles!
Who can blame them they are in business not brexit
British PM Theresa May Warns of Catastrophe if Lawmakers Don’t Back Brexit Deal
This is a certain corner of fans at their worst trying to split fans with some sort of political agenda. I haven’t even known a Liverpool fan pro Brexit.
Its beyond a joke that at this stage MPs still have not done the reading required to have even a basic understanding of stuff. Esp when they are the leaser of the op promising people red unicorns. We are beyond fucked on this
BREXIT OUTRAGE: Farage reveals SHOCKING prediction that will be ‘LOATHSOME’ for Brexiteers
take a good look at this Tory supporter I hope his constituents will and show him the door.
Be 'Brave' And Face Down Far Right Over Second Brexit Referendum, Sadiq Khan Tells MPs - HuffPost UK
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal - BBC News “The PM has warned of a "catastrophic" breach of trust if Brexit is thwarted.” No!!! Breach of Trust happened when politicians sold Brits a pollyanna, imaginary arrangement outside EU
These must be truly embarrassing for #brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitLeavesBritainNaked
Glad to see the planning for Brexit is basically organising one big car park...I’ve always said we need more car parks...
Cr*pping himself as likely to lose lots of money having shorted the UK. Disgusting self-interested tosser.
A man of Rees Mogg's wealth obviously has nothing to fear from a no deal Brexit. This alone disqualifies him from speaking for the rest of us.
If you’re a Web Developer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit #Brexit
Nope - Brexit is what's needed, deal or no deal
Scuffles break out at pro-Brexit, yellow vest rally in central London via
Why is a "No Deal".Such Brexit so outrageous &amp; unforgivable now Vince Cable?? It was EXACTLY what Remainers threatened a leave vote would result in 2 years ago... #Marr #marrshow #ridge
Yes Really
Please don’t tar us all with the same brush. Our friends and family over 60 voted to remain. The ones in our family voting for Brexit are the 30 &amp; 40 year olds.
I detest these politicians
Classic #politicians! Avoided question at all cost! (Watch interview) #Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal #UK
Just fuck off. Seriously. Both of you trying to take this country over a cliff without a parachute.
Having listened to Corbyn on #Marr today I now consider myself a floating voter, Labour are no longer guaranteed my vote. Corbyn was articulating the Party Blairite Remoaner position of Brexit in name only which is not what I voted #Brexit for. #BrexitBetrayal
An old Englishman managing a Welsh side owned by a Malaysian, with a team full of players from all sorts of different nations, says “to hell with the rest of the world.” True Brexit spirit.
there is no ...."no brexit" if it dont happen or its twisted away .........there will be no more elections in the country ever!...........there will only be civil war!....we will not have our sovereignty stolen away
The sad thing is,more than a few believe this idiot GIT.
Looks like Warnock’s eyebrows voted for brexit years ago.
Well he could go gung-ho &amp; back the PV agenda which is likely to kill us or force a GE. He can steer us through a democratic process the party agreed and lead us to an outcome the majority of voters can accept. Red lines are hostages to fortune Its fluid
he isn't sitting on the fence. he is totally pro #Brexit #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
via REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU
Perhaps a third party may well emerge from those of Labour &amp; Tory who are for the people &amp; BREXIT and those MP's come together under a new party banner and get this mess cleaned up and Britain back to work &amp; trading throughout the world - Then voters would return in droves
81% of Labour voters want a second referendum. That doesn’t sound very divided to me.
Oh, really interesting article
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU
Disagree. In order to win an election, *any* party has to take into account the very large number of people who think (wrongly, OK) that Brexit will improve their desperate living conditions.
"Brexit Fanaticism" Would that be the majority of the population as decided by a democratic referendum? Would you feel happier if all elections were ignored if the results didn't suit you?
The referendum in Scotland was a stich-up for Labour and I am sure they hoped Brexit would follow suit. It's a good article as it adds balance to the current narrative.
His soon could mean never as he knows that Labour doesn't have the majority in the house, all just posturing!!
Absolutely, for the Sunday Times to talk of a 'coup' is an irresponsible debasement of language and undermines democracy. In the face of intimidation, Parliament is doing its job, trying to make some sense of what 'Brexit' might mean...a q not answered by the referendum
Here read everything on this site &amp; come back in a couple of days.
Just because some right wing people wanted it, it doesnt mean its far right. There are some hard left and even communists who were for brexit too. Are they also far right?
Just a few days without this drug has made my pain so severe that I'm relying heavily on anti-emetics because of how nauseated it's making me. Please please please can we put political differences aside and give ill people their medication?!
WATCH: Corbyn prefers Brexit deal to referendum via
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
oh fuck off
True, but the EU has the far easier job.
So we bow down to will of bullies and their threats of violence? We will stop this brexit shitstorm by democratic means. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
PART 2: Doors open for SECOND BREXIT referendum courtesy of Commons Spea... via
He’s a tosser
These letters are no legal guarantee and if MPs beleive then MPs are dumb.
Fantastic thread showing how history repeats. The Irish border problem for Brexit was an issue when UK was trying to JOIN in the 60’s, only resolved when Ireland could join at the same time. This time Ireland won’t leave at the same time..
17.4 million voters: Leave Single Market and Customs Union. Few Hundred MPs: Fuck off.
I saved that on Safari, posted it on FB and tweeted it ... no response, but it’s absolutely true: every country would see a Brexit fait accompli as an opportunity to benefit their country at the UK’s literal and figurative expense.
Indian markets declined for a second straight day on Friday, but however ended the week on a positive note. Key indices Sensex gained 1%, Nifty 0.6% and Nifty Bank rose 1%. Nifty ended below 10,800, Sensex below 36,000 level
HM Government and opposition in terms of #brexit #noplanb #noplan
Coup is what May us trying to do. Returning Sovereignty to MPs is not a coup. Parliament is Sovereign, not a King or Queen, and certainly not a self appointed one like Theresa May. MPs must #RevokeArticle50 to save the United Kingdom
“Not one has ever got it right” Um did you even read the tweet you replied to? Survation are the only pollsters to get the last GE right &amp; Brexit.
No reply. Could it be that, like the curvature of bananas, no proof exists? #brexit
Carragher &amp; Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit via
Brexit is a bit like Tinky Winky worshipping Sherlock Holmes
Interesting would not be a word I could ever associate with Bercow. But never underestimate his determination to kill off any real BREXIT or the power of the speakers position. He has abused it once..........
Taking the scenic route to stopping Brexit
That would also make more sense as an actual distinction between Tory &amp; Labour policy on Brexit, because Tories are not currently claiming to leave ECHR since Brexit took over
You want an election saying it will end the deadlock but can’t say if your manifesto will back Brexit - in other words a GE could make absolutely no difference to Brexit!
Wah wah wah why won't the party who has to represent everyone do exactly what I want? If brexit is your biggest problem you're very lucky. Tories out is the priority if you can't see that you're a Tory enabler.
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
So do I, especially with Calum Paterson in his squad, but he seems to think that Brexit's a simple process. Of course. the government should have made it clear at the outset that it wouldn't be
Excellent article from London’s #Mayor on this weeks vote on May’s #Brexit deal
My worry is we do not get a clean Brexit, violent riots will follow as it is the only way the people can be heard. Voting will be worthless.
And a petition to fight Brexit pops up. Imbecile
This is hard to argue with. But your tweet is a little ironic given that your only Brexit policy is a deal you have already admitted is very unlikely to happen.
Nor do any of us
The end is nigh, but we have no plan - sechs Szenarien zur weiteren Entwicklung beim #Brexit: via
My point exactly, Dropping Brexit or having a 2nd referendum won’t be placating them it will embolden them. Delivering Brexit will be the end of them as they will the whole 33.5m who voted in the referendum against them,coz the 17.4m won’t stand for them either.
Im willing in mass to storm parliament and take control if a coup by remainer rebel MPs to stop #Brexit goes ahead.
Corbyn has been exposed further as someone who really doesn't care about anything or anyone apart from ideology and power.
My report from Calais on how France is preparing for 'no deal' Brexit - land has been cleared, hundreds of inspectors being trained and officials are confident they can pull it off - *IF* businesses can cope with the red tape. And there will be red tape...
The Conservative party - “the party of business” #brexit
As far as I can tell doesn't discuss brexit on twitter. How can I talk to / discuss this with my elected MP ? #Merton In the lead up to an important vote he should be engaging the electorate not playing partisan politics. /1
Great article on growing collaboration between Japan and the UK Brexit or no Brexit. Worth the read. The Economist | Charm defensive via
It has frustrated some people since the PLP decided (unanimously) 2 years ago to *hold the government to account* for its Brexit proposals, not least because the media, willfully IMO, refused to accept it rather than the simple "oppose" position taken by other, smaller parties.
SKSMedia Posted...
The eligible electorate of 46,501,241 were asked a question. 33,551,983 chose to respond. 17,410,742 thought UK should Leave, 16,141,241 thought UK shouldnt. 17,410,742 is a bigger number than 16,141,241. The 16,141,241 do not have power of veto. Neither do 650 MPs #Brexit
Classic dinosaur Brexiteer response...
Because the referendum result was to leave. Soft Brexit respects the result while minimizing damage.
She has no idea the damages she is doing every day she remains in Number 10. Out of her depth, intellectually incapable of top-level negotiation, politically divisive, not persuasive, no conviction, no authority, playing on the sympathy vote. She has to go this week. Has to.
Basics. Absolute basics. Combine this with his comments on the single market and EU membership and his level of understanding ought to be doubted.
She's been busy thinking up a new story. Options: 1. The SG made a mistake because they had read about austerity cuts. 2. The HOCS was distracted by Brexit. 3. The CS was overloaded with FOI requests about secret payments.
Point well made! Our FPTP system rarely provides for any parliamentary engagement with Executive privilege. PM May is indoctrinated with the past and has failed to understand the 2017 election result. She has been the wrong PM in the wrong time on the wrong subject - Brexit.
Yes ... simple do it now... quickly
We are being threatened by the far right with violence if we do what the majority of Brits want and cancel Brexit. Leavers have already killed one sitting MP and at least 2 EU citizens as well as countless violent acts of intimidation. This is a far right coup, not democracy.
David Davis wanting to vote down the Brexit deal. The exact same deal that he negotiated. He’s the kind of person who if you told him to go fuck himself, he’d actually try.
Brexit news LIVE: Labour set to table motion of no confidence in Government 'soon' after crunch… #News #Politics
Did you know NET exports of the UK to the EU is ONLY 5% of UK GDP ??? read my article cklick here … Did you know the ratio of WORKING excl pesnioners and students Brits in the EU to the EU workers in UK is 1 to ten one to ten
No. There will only be ersatz coffee. The munificent E.U. can’t share it’s coffee with us post Brexit. Coffee isn’t a globally traded commodity that the UK can import from producing countries as they are all in the E.U. where everything comes from!
So dyed in the wool #brexiteer again underlines his incompetence &amp; continues to betray core values by facilitating the real rich establishment elite’s #brexit which favours tax evaders at the expense of ordinary working people their jobs &amp; workplace rights
Cardiff's Neil Warnock launches pro-Brexit tirade: 'To hell with the rest of the world.'
Remainer MPs plot Brexit ‘coup’ to take control of Commons business
. are the party of tax dodgers
To be fair the whole thing is odd, why was he even asked about Brexit in the first place?
Sad you missed out on an education. Even sadder you became a self loathing Brit. Never mind. You will learn. Pretty fast post Brexit.
I wish I bloody well knew. Unless planning to build a post-Brexit socialist utopia. Like Venezuela.
Why how does Japan trade with rest of the world? WTO I expect justcas we want to do. So nose out look after your own nations interest. #LetsGoWTO
we've got another 'James Goddard' for you watch the video
Is she not in control of UK and Brexit? The ball has been in her court from day 0. Is she addressing herself?
'To hell with the rest of the world': Neil Warnock attacks government's handling of Brexit, insisting a clean exit form the EU will be better for Britain football-wise, and in every aspect
My heart aches for these people, the uncertainty they must be feeling is heart wrenching.
Just bought an outfit for the event of a no deal brexit.
To hell with the rest of the world : Warnock certified stupid.
You sir, are what is commonly known as, a complete and utter twat.
Major swing to Lib Dems coming in the next general election. Labour are not getting my vote for starters unless their leader ditches Brexit. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
SKSMedia Posted...
Brexiters: "We want the sovereignty of the British parliament over the United Kingdom." British Parliament: "K, looks like no-deal Brexit will be a national catastrophe, so we're gonna stop that if we can." Brexiters: 'NOT LIKE THAT."
Massive Gammon-headed prick!!!
Thank you John Major. Outstanding piece. The cost of a bad decision now is too great. Please, stop and think
Not delivering Brexit will be a breach. She understands such a breach will allow the far right to make hay here in the UK. I believe we stand on a precipice that our politicians cannot see , why not is it self interest
Remainer MPs plot Brexit 'coup' to take control of Commons business via
He thought he would win...... #Brexit
Bloody brexit
How does this limit her freedom of action this coming week/weeks. Will she be able to speak out on Brexit/Indy?
because yes, hard brexit makes the economic case for indy even worse precisely because of the (under that scenario *inevitable*) border friction between an “indy Scotland in EU” and rUK
If there's one Prem manager who you just know would be pro-Brexit, it would be Colin.
Please to not read this #FakeNews. Please to read only . Only paper approved by china government. Only paper no #Brexitbias
The thing is SHE is the only one who could attempt to Remain. A warning to herself? #spin
You can’t address what caused brexit without leaving the EU, the EU is what caused brexit, stopping brexit will actullay cause more hatred for the EU and lead to civil unrest, back democracy, back s no deal brexit and back Britain to succeed where the EU will ultimately fail
This week Britain faces as grave a crisis as any time in its history – our MPs have FAILED | Politics | News | Our politicians should be ashamed, but the sad truth is they will not.
On Tuesday UK PARLIAMENT VOTES, THE PEOPLE will Learn if THEY HAVE BECOME A IRON FISTED FASCIST NATION OR NOT..NWO'S BBC SKY NEWS BIAS PROPAGANDA assaulting the BRITISH PUBLIC who REJECTS THEM # Pray #NO DEAL BREXIT #POWER TO THE PEOPLE
The largest Brexit pressure group representing the UK’s Music industry, , have handed a petition signed by over 1200 music industry to Downing Street. Further information can be found at
Yes ..More jobs for customs officials.. they are set to collect £5 billion if it no deal.. Less and less each year as the £95 billion EU trade surplus is reduced to zero.. #Brexit
Breaking news- Theresa May announces Neil Warnock as new Brexit Secretary. #brexit
"If May Stays At No 10, I’m Starting #ProjectHope: The Positive Case For Remain..." - :
A great piece from Sadiq Khan. If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain
Excellent riposte, clever clogs. Highlights the whole paradoxical nature of every Brexit argument!
Brexit campaigners: "How dare you accuse all Brexit voters of being stupid and racist!" Also Brexit campaigners: "All Brexit voters are violent thugs."
4/ Returning to voter intentions - if we can avoid dishonest &amp; manipulation, some facts are clear: * Leave acted illegally. They cheated * Impact assessments show that any firm of Brexit leads to loss * Voters are abandoning Leave
Corbyn showing off his 2 A Levels at E grade skills .... again. NB. He went to fee paying private school then grammar : proof top schooling won't always work for all pupils.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy
Weekend Reading: As we approach a '#MeaningfulVote’ in #Parliament next week this piece by our Director with Toke Aidt &amp; Hamid Sabourian on is well worth attention:
Here's our letter
That will come with less food anyway....also less weight....less illnesses....less cost for NHS..... hallelujah...I found the benefit of brexit...
I absolutely agree with . Another referendum is not just about preventing the damage that brexit will do to this country, it's about listening to all those who voted leave and building consensus about a way forward together
Neil Warnock being pro Brexit is the least surprising thing I’ve ever heard
Ditch the Brexit rubbish, go back to Cameron-Davidson politics and you'll probably get your majority back.
Oh dear. Seen this? Thought not.
I'm absolutely for these guys
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
You wouldn't be in bed with Gunster, knowing your Kate Hoey had her trip to the USA partially paid by them? This is Gunster/CA talk. So is labour in bed with them?
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
End of days for Theresa May? Countdown to Brexit vote
Robyn doesn’t give a hoot about this Country it’s ppl it’s values laws or Brexit All he cares about is getting into NO10 along with his mattress &amp; causing more untold misery then we have now
Real question is who the fuck asks a football manager about what they think of Brexit? Next we'll see Frank Lampard talking about the Gender pay gap ffs.
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit - Brexit minister
End of days for Theresa May? Countdown to Brexit vote
Yeah, Labour obviously didn't do as well as expected in 2017 despite cross party support. I also expect Labour to be doing badly if there is a GE anytime soon. Corbyn's pro Brexit stance and his unicorn and rainbows Brexit policies is disappointing a lot of voters.
Opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
May warns halting Brexit would be catastrophic
Top class drivel, as ever.
How Ireland is preparing for Brexit ReTweet this message to become #TopReTweeter
no they're not mate - the economy &amp; the NHS will always the most important to people. Most are fed-up with Brexit
Every word of David Lammy’s powerful speech is well worth hearing. Speaking truth to power.
Posted...
Come on, this it will be rubbish after Brexit narrative is absolute rot. If Labour negotiates we stay in CU, aligned with SM on workers rights, freedom of movement for skilled workers. There will be no major impact to us. But we will end austerity-that’s what really matters!
Cal is now arguing with his dad about Brexit. Sunday continues.
Those slogans are a pile of horse manure. No meaningful relationship with reality. Hence irreconcilability and undeliverability of May’s red lines. I’ve spent 3 years drilling into details of Brexit reality. Nothing any MP says or wishes can change brute facts.
Clueless
I will never understand why those voting to leave haven't looked at the US' version of Brexit - trump, &amp; begged to call it off. I thought the US had some incredibly ignorant, gullible people, but those that continue to push for Brexit have got to be the maga's dumber cousins.
“How can you take them seriously and trust their judgement on how to govern the country and lead the country on #Education, #NHS or #Brexit, if what they offer us to see them being ridiculed or acting like fools, live on #TV?” in .
UK: Pro-Brexit Yellow Vest protest organiser Goddard arrested in London via
The comments on it are exactly what I'm talking about. 'biblical' 'best day of my life'. We fucking deserve Brexit, man. Get us fucked.
It neuters the whole country indefinitely. This is worse than the U.S. government shutdown. We should avoid this option. #Brexit
Putin just cannot believe how well his plan is going.
What a joke
And in taking back control Stu this country has got to heal. Brexit will only divide it further and we will still be doing this in 30 years. A50 should be halted and a pan UK solution found. Half the population cannot be ignored either way.
#GBPUSD Price will be wildly affected by Brexit news this week. If we continue past 1.2864, next 1.2892 is extremely important resistance. Price will either reject sharply from it of if broken it could explode up 1.298 1.30. Support to break 1.2818 to go retest 1.2774 ans 1.2754
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve via
Everywhere you look, the planning for Brexit is missing. Anywhere you look on Twitter, there's no excited discussion of implementation. Everywhere you look, Brexit isn't happening. Revoking A50 now would simply make the obvious official. #revokeA50 #brexitIsntHappening
What foods are banned in the EU but not in the USA – coming to the UK after Brexit /united-kingdom/what-foods-are-banned-in-the-eu-but-not-in-the-usa-coming-to-the-uk-after-brexit
EXCLUSIVE: #YellowVestsUK leader James's STILL IN PRISON &amp; on hunger strike for BREXIT &amp; being force fed HALAL turkey twizzlers. The establishment are using his twitter to spread FAKE NEWS! We'll be holding a SECRET candle licked vigil for him. Password PENTIONERS
For Socialists, being in or out of the EU is not an end goal, like social justice. It’s a decision that may or may not help us on the way.
The Scottish ref wasn’t conducted illegally, the numbers for a #peoplesvote have increased to a majority, it’s only now that we are in danger of a no deal that numbers for a ref have increased. I accept a ref fully if UK , Brexit
Instant May knew that she couldn't secure a FTA with no NTB's Brexit was dead in the water yet she ploughed on regardless creating unnecessary uncertainty, slowing economic growth and wasting 6 billion - peak incompetence - govt a sea of idiots making a mess of everything
Brexit means orphanage
What’s Worse Than Brexit? This.
I second that. Time to ditch the ego’s and power struggles and focus on delivering what we all want. - Brexit WTO
have to be won't it ben... #marr #Immigration #Brexit #Election #JC4PM
True We need to sort out the things wrong here so much more important than brexit
Not really. I’ve read the conference motion. Doesn’t say “first a GE, then Brexit”. In any case, as the majority of Labour members and, more crucially, Labour voters are strong Remainers, Corbyn cannot win a GE. He has made himself totally irrelevant.
May has been caught up in not only her muddling red lines , but her cheap rent-a-quote clichés- ''no deal is better than a bad deal'' , ''nothing is agreed until everything is agreed'', ''Brexit means Brexit'', ''we must carry out the will of the people''. Assertion not analysis.
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
Warnock on Brexit.
Deselect the idiot.
Is it similar to Thatcher years? “We didn’t have foodbanks back then, the only people who relied on #foodbanks were strikers. Now ordinary working people, people who are in WORK, are having to use foodbanks. This is worse. Trump. Brexit..." Billy Bragg
Any party that is backing Brexit is ensuring indefinite Tory hegemony. Brexit-loving voters will always prefer a Tory Brexit to your watered-down version and you will make yourself unelectable to everyone else. Thank goodness Labour isn't such a party ... is it?
Interesting that the #PeoplesVote rally has plenty of people, including who don't seem to know why they want to remain in the UK #WTOBrexit #NoDealBrexit
Exactly put this so called deal down &amp; get us out of the #eu on #WTO that is what we demand as our democratic right NO if's nor but's just out #LeaveMeansLeave The time to make deals comes after we #leave
In season 2 of #brexit the subplot from season 1 will play out, also the fringe characters will emerge as the real bad guys. It's classic. I'm talking about Trump and his cronies being able to buy the NHS after its collapse, and we enter into a privatised health care system.
Actually they’re both #TrumpPutin plots to destabilize the West! The same #GRUBots executed #RussianBrexit and #2016USElectionHack. It was a two for one! #RICOMnuchin helped too! #June9thmtg was the setup and #June24thmtg was the payoff! The day after #Brexit!
We joined Europe. We had industry then. We have none now. How does Brexit harm industry, Europe destroyed what industry we had. Brexit means we can rebuild our industry and our economy.
Warnock on Football is even less coherent.
You’re a city boy, what is genuinely more of a danger to the economy, no deal Brexit or Corbyn?
Im so exhausted with Brexit at this point.
First of how many ? Few ? Going to be v hard to stitch Lab back together again after Brexit. Wilson did after '75, but then again, Harold wanted to, &amp; had the skill to do so.
Wowzer. The cash we’ll save by not being 1 of 27 countries contributing to the salary of a single person, the Pres of the European Commission, was put forward as a genuine reason for leaving. ‘I’ll be richer if I get divorced because I won’t have to jointly pay for the cleaner’
Carragher &amp; Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit via stick to soccer, jamie; you're out of your depth.
Anna, what do you say to the people of Broxstowe who voted for you to be their MP when you ignore their clear instruction to leave the EU and campaign for Brexit to be stopped?
Maybe you could explain his BREXIT policy because for the life of me I can't work it out.
You’re an ignorant man, the libdems in the coalition waved through all the benefits and welfare cuts that tories inflicted on people, which academic studies have shown as being huge causes of Brexit vote to leave
Why the hell does anyone care what he thinks?
He’s just confirming to the world what an absolute fucking tool he is , has he not looked around his working environment?
Revealed: Philip Hammond’s secret Project Fear meetings The Spectator 12 January 2019 'It’s no secret in Westminster that Philip Hammond’s idea of the best Brexit possible is one that keeps Britain close to...
Every Sunday you see #marr tensing and you think maybe this time Johnny Marr had done something super cool but no it's just Brexit whinging again.
Blocking Brexit will encourage the far right, claim people who encourage the far right
Stunning
Just taken the trouble to read the the FACTS of Brexit deal. It is a blind man playing poker with someone else’s money.
#UK #Brexit In a final act of betrayal, a cross-party Remainer alliance has conspired to kill off Brexit
Update: please note the time it was tweeted when first reading this thread. I accept the problems of using the phrase “coup”, it’s not a coup. I realised this afterwards but decided I’d rather go to bed than delete it all and go again. Beyond that, here are my initial thoughts.
The comparison highlights a key difference between the US and British systems. Trump may win or lose #BorderWall dispute but it's no constitutional crisis. But PM May's #Brexit failure brings down her government &amp; hangs Britain's fate in balance.
Well, he put Brexit into the football... Manager of the current bottom team - hard Brexiteer. Manager of the current top of the table team - Remainer. Spot the difference.
Remainiacs - The Brexit Podcast REMAINIACS is a no flim flam Brexit podc... #Remainiacs #TheBrexitPodcast
I don't believe they are betraying anyone, and I think this is where we differ (thanks for keeping this civil, it's quite refreshing!); I believe that Brexit is a betrayal because it will have a negative effect on the UK, you see the betrayal in not delivering it. Its a lose lose
Lib Dems vs Brexit: Layla Moran: I want an open Britain, not one that closes itself off
Funny Corbyn didn’t reflect on #Marr this morning! Diane Abbott BOASTS about 'immaculate' anti-EU voting record – 'NEVER integration'
Still have to see Germany trying to poison it's agents in the UK as Russia just tried. Putin is very happy with brexit as he wanna weaken the Uk and Europe. Wake up. You are siding with him
40% of their GDP is leaving with Brexit?
He also states that instead of getting behind MPs (mostly Labour) are trying to stop it. A clear sign of support for the deal the PM has on the table &amp; something every MP should vote for to get the country moving forward. We can’t stay still any longer. #Marr #Ridge
#Brexit - The EU’s power lies with its control of the timetable via
Listen to 's latest podcast episode, with Annabella Coldrick Chief Executive of the Music Managers Forum about the impact of Brexit on the music industry. Listen now: #Brexit #SaveMusic #FreeMoveCreate
Analytica /Russian Created Protest!Just like the 2016!A d Brexit! Its Russia they haven't Stopped!
I would expect nothing else from John Mann.
Who do you believe in this interview?If it is KP you must have had a lobotomy. Her attitude is disgraceful and makes me ashamed to be British. Well done Femi many of us care deeply about others like you do. Education has nothing to do with it. Humanity does.
You both appear to be completely out of step with your party and your leader, but that’s nothing new is it gents? #Brexit #UKLabour
Latest News: Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal MPs are said to be planning to delay Brexit, as Jeremy Corbyn vows to try to topple the government "soon". 2019-01-13 14:08:29Z
But he still isn't anti Brexit?
We need a third party like the below , desperately . With a mix of Labour and Tory it could work . I personally would say its worth a try at least to form such a Political Party.
Westminster is on VERY fucking thin ice..
I see the new series of #brexit is starting this week. I need to recap on the last series, December feels like such a long time ago.
I was so pleased to hear Labour's #Brexit coalition with the Conservatives
Majority in any country is “center right”. No doubt where the 17.4M #Brexit voters are, though it sounds like even Remainers detest gov betrayal of the referendum.
as if she cares about any movement at all
Brexit is as simple as can be. Politicians and lawyers are troublesome and duplicitous.
Enough nonsense Adults acting as powerless Children are NOT ADULT DO NOT ALLOW MARTIAL LAW on OUR Scottish people FM We CALL OUR MANDATE #indyref2 74 days to UK #BrexitShambles 62% Scots said NO #Brexit SOVEREIGN SCOTS SAY NO UK MILITARY #DissolveTheUnion
Personally, Rees-Mogg will be able to move his considerable financial assets around the world and avoid the worst damage of no-deal WTO Brexit.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
A d all of that mean absolutely nothing to #Brexit, straw man argument.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
3. won’t accept unchecked trucks. Bloody Spin gone mad! Wake Up! If there was (not suggesting there might be) a second referendum would you vote to remain in the EU under the right conditions or would you still want to get out knowing what you think you know now? #Brexit
Unlike in the USA, western Europe has enormous respect for democracy, even when we don't like the results. Labour under JC have established rules for a brexit that keeps parity with the EU in all the best ways.
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
And look how well a policy of appeasement worked out for Neville Chamberlain.
Ford, rover have already blamed the lack of orders from China and America, for the slow down of sales, but hey, everything that goes wrong blame BREXIT ,all the good things that is happening in our economy never gets a mention strange??
Jeremy Corbyn has set his sights on taking over Brexit negotiations, confirming he will call a no confidence vote to trigger a general election "soon" if Theresa May's current deal is rejected in parliament
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Browsing an old , came across a word they use in Scotland: #displenishment. Exactly describes how #Brexit will affect our nation: not all at once, maybe, but in time.
The tentacles of the EU are infinitely entwined in the Westminster sewer
#Brexit movie, well worth a watch
I don't know what the Koran says about Brexit either
And I'll still be giving it a miss
#BenRobson – The Week of 14th-18th January 2019 This week, all eyes will be on the #UK as the UK #parliament votes on Prime Minister #TheresaMay’s #BREXIT agreement with the #EuropeanUnion via
I was enjoying our debate. Hope you are too. I do not consider myself a loon. I have a different view that is all. Please tell me if I have been out of order. As for a new party. Did not Farage start one. It led to #Brexit. QED
Very telling.... #Brexit
Gawd the results are like bleedin’ Brexit so far... not bothered with it being PC I just want it to be not boring and not like an episode of Eastenders with a pinch of sci-fi thrown in!
Brexit means Brexit
So you support Brexit?
The delusion of a average pro-brexit individual. Such a Trumpy attitude.
The concept of BREXIT was brilliant and a marvel of Dominic Cummings pursuit of a greater more unified Britain. However, the only issue is that senior government officials have turned it into a farce - a brilliant idea once again ruined by those who govern our country.
Heads quite literally gone
Hmm should, not would and nation can claim they were unable to for environment reasons, 2034 is the realistic target. But of course the EU blame brexit and no doubt you will too.
If it were possible to dislike Colin more ....
I must congratulate you on having the broadest mind I have encountered yet on the #Leave side of the #Brexit debate, here on Twitter. I am tired of being told that 51.8% = "the #willofthepeople".
Nicola Sturgeon is a tremendous leader, as was Alex Salmond. We don't want to lose another top class leader. BREXIT, Salmondgate, and all the other shit in this union. Let's not waste any more time. Let's get out of this shit house union.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit By Reuters -
YOUR DAILY BREXIT – Sunday 13th January 2019
Brexit: Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May's deal is voted down, Corbyn signals Labour leader refused to commit to the exact timing of the challenge except that it would be 'soon'
In what way will ordinary people be better off after Brexit?
Corbyn is an ignorant fool. The Tories have no monopoly on this. #Brexit shambles.
Brexit mentality/intellect
Excellent Brexit words from J.C. - no, no, not that one on the Marr thing I`m afraid...
brexit: Our enemy influenced us to do this, so let's do it! The whole thing is childishly moronic. It will destroy the British economy and hurt for decades. Yet no one is stopping it. I just don't get it.
Jeremy Corbyn Speaker Bercow allowed both the Scottish and Brexit referenda. so why are you not following his lead and supporting Plebiscite Democracy and Brexit?
Unfortunately loyal conservatives will leave in their droves if Brexit is threatened. Public support for our MPS is at an all time low. Bring back a strong UKIP
One of the worst football managers of all time. Absolute fucking trash even away from football
Has the added bonus from her POV of stiffing the Brexiters with Brexit at the point of absolutely zero wriggle room, where they have to step up and show competence.
Pro-EU MPs step up campaign to stop proper Brexit - Westmonster
BEHOLD THE HEAD OF A TRAITOR.
It’s decision time for Theresa May’s Brexit deal. What happens next?
It’s time the opposition were taken to task on this bespoke Brexit deal that they have been told by Brussels they can have ... !! It’s all LIES LIES LIES .. Corbyn isn’t interested in Brexit as is key objective is solely getting into No10 .... !! He’s a disgrace
Those - who don't wish to use everything - only in order to damage a Jeremy Corbyn led Labour Govt- have always been clear. Tories &amp; media have set a Brexit chaos minefield - to which to their eternal credit - the Labour Party have avoided with great political skill. #JC4PM2019
You have lost all credibility with the nation, you have been throwing stones at us pro brexit supporters name calling, now you "Cry Wolf" when challenged and called a Nazi, grow up with your petulant behaviour it's called Sticks and Stones..
I hate brexit
It'll be A) leading to some sort of Brexit because that's what he wants. The gibberish will be contrived so as to try not lose Labour Remain voters in a GE. And for the militant faction controlling Lab it'll be Corbyn at any cost.
The Dutch love to plan. But even they may not be able to avoid the chaos of a no-deal Brexit.
Wow you have a very odd take on things, maybe thats why your party isnt doing so well on brexit or in general.
A Plan with vision at last !! LoL
I hate the idea of a GE right now. A GE shouldn't be decided on a single issue, but that's what it will be. We need a change of government but we need to stop Brexit. I'm so cross with the lot of them
JC talks a load of rubbish he is not for the people likeTM self interest first second and third
Brexit has its totemic hate figures at whom ad hominems are chucked quite routinely. Christ alone knows what would have happened if any of them had been filmed gobbing at people on the motorway. Spare me.
Got it from here – credit UK Parliament/Jessica Taylor/PA)
What is it with people who want Brexit but don't want to do the homework?
#Brexit The #Brexiteers, the MoggERGers, the BOJOs are attempting to foist May's Deal on the People using the threat of NoDeal. They don't give a monkeys about us. Their whole focus is on continuing to use British Offshore Tax Havens to AVOID/EVADE
You did what you thought was best at the time. I found the interview good b/c it is quite clear that KH can’t describe the benefits of Brexit to the poor. She just tries to change the subject or imply that you are elitist by questioning where you went to school./1
I’ll try to explain the trick they’re playing, the ftse 250 is an economic marker for U.K. growth, as admitted that has grown, but here’s the rub they convert the pre Brexit ftse figure using the pre Brexit U.K./US conversion (1.52) and use the current conversion (1.28) to
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain with move to London
Come on guys - let's have some coordination. Please back this GoWTO campaign group. There is strength in numbers.
Months of hacking, and all they turned up on Germany's top politicians was this? (via )
An excellent pragmatic essay by former prime minister John Major on the disaster that is Brexit. Everyone should read this.
Because there is no guaranteed benefit of Brexit, it’s all lies
Can someone tell him Brexit means we rely on ‘the rest of the world ‘ !
. : "Leaving the EU is not about dislike of our European neighbours, it is about escaping from a failed economic model and reasserting democratic control over the nation’s future"
What about the 16.8m voters who voted for remaining in the EU? Who represents their views? Parliament, you absolute cretin. UKIP and the rest of the merry band of Brexit bellends are willing to destroy the UK democracy to get their way. Idiots the lot of you.
Talking through your arse as usual. Labour will not divulge their Brexit policy so thieves like your party nick anything Labour think of.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal #MockTheRight -
Corbyn's a brexit supporting arsehole and anyone who votes for under his watch is voting for #brexit too. I don't want to hear their bloody whining if there is a GE, they vote him in and end up out of EU. On their heads be it. Twats!
thank you for posting the screenshots of the article, really appreciated
Take your billions and fuck off, Tory.
This is the issue Corbyn has no Brexit stance and needs to confuse the issue with an election so he can do what he wants not what the public want support him at your peril.
The international players in his squad must clearly feel very at home
And Corbyn again studiously avoids any mention of the corruption and law breaking of the Leave campaign in the 2016 referendum. Can I take it that Corbyn believes corruption, law breaking, gerrymandering, lying are legitimate in a democracy? Corbynistas are also silent on this.
Can someone tell me why the Brexit is so hard. Is it not easy, Lets Build British. If you buy British 5% Tax, Foreign 25% Tax. Invest in Britain. We won the war, not Europe!!!
Brexit was never about winning. It was about maintaining perceived dominance. England believes that it is a world dominant power, despite it not being so. Therein lies the conflict as Brexiteers are now being confronted with the stark reality that there is no empire.
Revoke Article 50 and cancel Brexit, says former prime minister John Major
I have been in the same situation except I have never voted Labour after Wilson destroyed Rhodesia. They are all hypocrits.Though my Tory representative is supporting Brexit and will have my support whilst ever he does.
Same with Brexit. Voted For very heavily in the north &amp; they’ll be hit hard. When people are fed a diet of fear, they tend to irrationally vote against their own self-interests. Long history of it.
There a certainly a wider percentage of those with racist views amongst Brexit voters than Remain voters. You may not like it but it’s the truth.
And about time too! What about an independent London instead of allowing the rest of England ruining its financial status? #Brexit #LondonIsOpen
That's because he doesn't care. The EEC/EU has never been a priority for the far-left - there are always more exciting things to be obessing over, like Israel? He wants Brexit to happen so all this tedious detail will just go away and he can concentrate on the simpler things?
Make promises to get elected or what you want and then ignore the promises.....is there any point in democracy? None if there is not a clear Brexit. No point in voting at all.
Major lost 42 seats and limped on with a slim majority of 10. Blair promised to hold a ref but reneged. Yes I had a vote in every GE as will you post Brexit but you clearly want more than that i.e. you want a 2nd ref. I would support a 2nd after the first has been implemented..
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit.
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
He isn’t committed to one way or the other as it is for the Labour Party to decide on such a huge issue. Also, he will be well aware that the next GE will have one point of contention; Brexit. Will Labour campaign for a second referendum to garner the Remain vote? I hope so.
Well said Dr Bateman. Hope your message helps the country avoid making a terrible mistake based on lies and misguided memories of how wonderful it was in the past. We live in a global economic world and have a seat at largest trading block where we are one of the rule makers.
I remember they come a long way from all that fear fear fear northern Ireland wants out of eu y do u think DUP will never vote for her deal the only option after that by law is a hard Brexit which is what ppl voted for in the first place
The more ppl knock this bloke, the more they denigrate him, ignore his message &amp; lie about him, the less it seems to affect him. The man just rises so far above it all &amp; has embraced the challenge of being leader superbly. #GE19 #Brexit
$1 trillion is #leaving #UK because of #Brexit
BREXIT!!
And on what land? Upland wheat fields? Dorset bananas?
Brexit means less say. Repeat. Brexit means less say. Repeat. Brexit means less say. Repeat...
Leavers can't deliver the Brexit that was advertised, these deals are what you deserve, no one's working for a realistic alternative Brexit. You can wallow in despair, call this a coup d'etait, but no amount of anger, violence or paranoia will turn the dreamy lies into reality.
Met this prick when in the army fighting SF/IRA terrorists. Shithead traitor like Robert Maxwell you big chummy, sold out to terrorists.
I mean.... what!?!
Beltway Insider: Trump/Pols at Odds, Border Wall, Rep’s Gone Wild; Brexit Looms; Stalking
Couldn’t agree with you more mate. We’ve got to resist and counter this nonsense !
Hit the nail on the head Brexit has allowed racists to come out of the closet, to use a metaphor which may make them foam at the mouth, given its normal use...
#PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos #Brexit #Remain #Greens #Labour No opposition to brexit then , so if it goes bad then get rid of the lot of them..
His face. His swag. You just know Brexit means Brexit for Neil Warnock
Who would’ve thought #Brexit could result in Jeremy Corbyn being PM. But then who thought would be US President. The world is strange
Please to not read this #FakeNews Please to only read . Only paper paid for by "CHINA DAILY, PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA". Only paper no #Brexitbias Only paper publish thoughts of great leader Xi
The lad couldn't run Ritas Kabin in #coronationstreet #rita #colacube #poorben
The Chaos across the western world from Trump to the orchestrated disruption of brexit only has one beneficiary... Just wait until the weather gets warmer on the Eastern front...
Last night I read a review of ‘Brexit the uncivil war’ by where she was questioning the facts. However this video shows the man himself chronologically corroborating the events of the film
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
Just like you, thinking of yourself, i voted out and Cameron promised me that would happen “Leave means you leave everything and there is no way back” not that interfering MP’s could cause all this trouble
as bad as May's deal is, it is our ONLY chance of #Brexit. Once out we can/should re sort. Grieve/Bercow &amp; co are now "realistically" very close to taking over the ASYLUM ( parliament ) in a PINCER mvt to stop #Brexit and you gormless lot can't see it. 17.4m shot
powerful thread. It is getting worse.
No argument there, thanks to May's hard brexit red lines. The use of the phrase 'will of the people', however, means the rest of us have to bear some responsibility. Either remainer's unwillingness to face leaver issues, or leaver's failure to place the blame where it belongs.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Clock is ticking for Theresa May's Brexit deal The clock is ticking towards a March deadline when the United Kingdom is supposed to leave the European Union, with or without a Brexit deal. CNN's Anna Stewart reports on the challenges facing UK Prime M
Haha Hard times must be brexit cut backs! lol
French trucks won't be stopped. Who said they would be stopped..? The only big change is they will pay Tariffs. Take &gt; French beef 43% that will kill the sales stone dead &gt; so they won't even bother trying to cross via Dover. Thousands of trucks less. #Brexit
You see #marr trending and you wonder if Johnny Marr's done something super cool but no, it's more Brexit.
Proper Brexit Man
good that Engineers and Mancunians are listened to! #peoplesvote
It’s decision time for Theresa May’s Brexit deal. What happens next?
(9) Either accept TM's deal or: 1) If in event of no deal face a border poll where its a more than fair chance that NI would vote 4 reunification 2) See a much softer version of brexit which could include SM+ CU &amp; £ to Brussels still and no end of FOM.
Leavers gave the govt a blank cheque to deliver brexit however they see fit. They didn't care at the time how it got done. Nor did they care about the consequences. I don't want to hear Leavers complaining at all, regardless the outcome.
There is no multiple or single crisis. What we have is a well organised attempt by certain ratbag Tory backbenchers to scupper Brexit with what may be a good chance of success. This could amount to a conspiracy as details emerge
Never underestimate the power of ‘free’ stuff, especially on the gullible youth of today.
MPs must vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal in large enough numbers to kill it forever via
Too damn right - "They cannot allow events to be hijacked by those who lost the referendum and refuse to accept the result." #Brexit
The Brexit Ferries segment has a repeated factual error: every reference to England should be Britain, or most correctly United Kingdom. Clue is in the name - the Br in Brexit stands for Britain. As a Scottish resident, how I wish Brexit only affected England.
She is busy dodging the #Brexit fallout. She won't be wheeled out until the start of the #indyref2 campaign... so, Friday would be my guess.
Why economic? Withdrawal of article 50 reduces risk of no deal brexit. Supports longer term stable negotiations to seek resolution which works best for EU and UK.
Stop Brexit
how soon will I be able to trade my old jeans for a pair of harbeths
What fresh madness is this? Military planners 'deployed to ministries' to prepare for possible 'no-deal' Brexit
You haven’t got the numbers to win a vote of no confidence (the Tory rebels will not take the government down). And even if you did, polls suggest labour would lose or at best end up with a minority government. AND then the labour rebels would frustrate attempts at unicorn Brexit
We vetoed Schengen and have always had control over our borders. Tory cuts to the NHS and stretching junior doctors. Also Brexit will see many EU doctors and nurses leave, making it far worse. Not enough affordable housing built. All the result of Austerity after 2008.
Looks like the Far Right are now in control. Is'nt that a Brexit bonus? Have not had Government since the vote.
Beltway Insider: Trump/Pols at Odds, Border Wall, Rep’s Gone Wild; Brexit Looms; Stalking - North Korea’s Cheap Diplomacy Satiates President Trump
I'm sorry to inform you that his actions are because he doesn't want a GE. If Brexit is stopped nothing will change, deprived areas will remain deprived because the Government won't invest in them. A Corbyn Government is the best hope you have.
trying to clarify its position on brexit by mixing waffle with general sweeping statements all within a media a level quality video. Glad that’s all cleared up now. Can’t believe they are massively ahead in the polls.... #jokers
Tax my bitches eggs. Fuck that. #FranceProtests #France #EU #brexit #euro #spx #ndx #socialism
Ps- that will be annually
Radio 4 world this weekend. Any chance you could review your use of the phrase "Parliament frustrating Brexit" which I counted five mentions in one hour, from the news bulletin 1pm-2pm? Great show otherwise.
* stop Brexit first
Scottish industry open letter on No Deal with tweets joining fellow stakeholders
Remain MPs will not win you an election. .
OK. I read as far as "Brexit wasn't recognised for what it was, it was a Trojan donkey". What an incredibly in depth load of bollocks. Who wrote it? You? Christ on a bike and you cannot even see the irony.
Also - which version of Brexit do you want delivered. There were at least 5 possibilities being touted before the #frauderendum, but no serious mention of "no deal". There have been so many "bait &amp; switch" con tricks of leavers saying one thing &amp; then deciding they mean another!
I ask you to respect the Brexit vote, won't make a blind bit of difference though will it snowflake
No deal on Brexit is the only real Brexit, it is what the people want and it is what is best for the U.K.,
Ha ha! Some great news coverage in recent weeks/months, too, though. Glad that some publications are still keeping an eye on policy matters while the terminal loop of (important) Brexit rows dominate the nationals.
This is bullshit. "I'll be fine cause I'm rich, but everyone else can feel like they've taken their country back. Fuck food and a stable future." This is absolute trash. I wonder if the far right will take any responsibility when this goes wrong?
John Major says revoking Article 50 is ‘the only sensible course’
BBCNEWS 6:16am BREXIT VOTE WARNING MANCHESTER ROAD DEATH. Man arrested after death of child in accident MANCHESTER ROAD DEATH. 11...
John Major says revoking Article 50 is ‘the only sensible course’
How do you say things like that with a straight face?
If treacherous MPs do succeed in stopping Brexit then publicity spirited citizens must bring about prosecutions under the 1351 Treason Act.
Backstop is hoax - Legal basis for all relations with WTO found in Article 24 paragraph 6 of GATT rules. Says re-imposition of protective measures at border whether tariff or non-tariff must give rise to compensation via negotiated concessions
I'm quite sure the Brexit and Yellow Vest hashtags are being suppressed.
Jacob is as all the way through this process correct, but the level of corruption going on by westmonster is worrying. Where were any of those voices when all our country was handed over without the public being aware. We all knew what we were voting for &amp; we will not forget
"The people in control"?! The SAME EU puppets who control the Tory &amp; Labour parties will STILL be 'in control' after any kind of Brexit as now - and they will still be taking orders from the EU gang - just as they do now.
UK politricks.... This is what bringing power back to Britain from the EU really means. A few powerful people hording more power. #Brexit
They want to back Brexit Nick. For sure. Not only back it, but use Theresa May's version of Brexit.
It’s a shame everything I just mentioned went over your heads! The beauty of brexit is people like you will suffer the most and the “told you so” will be a gift to people that are desperately warning you! Keep up with your unicorn chasing!
. not one person has ever emailed me, come into my surgery or attended a residents meeting &amp; mentioned Brexit.
That mad old **** has lots of very odd views. Mainly involve hating Muslims. I doubt she gives a toss about Brexit except it's an opportunity to make trouble.
We all cherry pick statistics to suit our own arguments. Greens, Libdems, and SNP can shout people's vote as much as they like because they will never ever form a government. Labour might. It has to take Brexit seriously and not ride roughshod over people who voted Leave.
I mean why do you think Brexit is a thing
I can’t make the meeting today so I’ll say here: Brexit will damage my livelihood, my students’ prospects, my research, my community, the economy, the environment, the NHS, industry, and the arts. People have been lied to. Give us the truth. Give us a second chance.
The only solution is a hard brexit to protect the interests of the UK, because the EU has us over a barrel and won't negotiate now that they know our weaknesses. For Scotland, the solution is #IndyRef2 to allow democracy in this country as well. Everybody hang on tight.
I’m actually rather glad that the Government have come up with this idea that we have to have #Brexit or suffer a surge from the Far Right, as it seems to contain a tacit acknowledgment that Brexit is itself a policy of the Far Right, which many of the Left’d apparently missed.
Please admit now the whole slightly self-aggrandizing old/young #Brexit thing is wrong - unhelpful, divisive and wrong. Can we just concentrate on Leave/Remain?
When I read Neil Warnock's pro-Brexit comments yesterday, I thought it was calculated to deflect from a poor performance. Having watched the video of his comments, it clearly wasn't and he just had a little rant. Embarrassing. What foreign player would want to come here now?
#Brexit funny how the remainers who have spouted nothing but abuse for the last 2.5 years are now saying "if there's no brexit I fear for our safety, the safety of our children". Unless you go around wearing a t shirt stating you reversed brexit you'll be ok. If it was reversed
Tesco and M&amp;S stockpile tinned food to prepare for no-deal Brexit #1999 #brexit #supplychain #daargaanwelaternogveelomlachen
Poor . It's a sorry state of affairs when the only national newspaper that'll publish your essay is the Sunday Express.
Bloody morons.
It’s fascinating to see the extent of the manipulation suffered by the British public and the power dynamics behind #Brexit
pretty much sums it up
“The Prime Minister herself has said this is not the perfect deal” Time for a general election and let a Labour government deliver a Brexit that works for everyone #socialistsunday #JC4PM
Inexcusable ignorance!
Ditto. There is a considerable number of us who simply don’t want to be part of a political union with EU, but equally detest the Brexit proposed by the likes of Boris, JRM, ERG.
Does it surprise you? People often go to extremes when they want simple answers. When one doesn’t work, many jump for a different one. Most eventually accept that life is messy and are happy in the middle. Woops. Sorry, Brexit has proved me wrong.
Yet another reason why we should leave the EU and be free to trade with the rest of the world on our own terms. #Brexit
Arrogant Hardline Remainer threatening millions of tremendous patriotic Brexiteers. Let me tell you Amber, we WILL not let you or SUBVERT DEMOCRACY. Refuse to deliver the Brexit we voted for &amp; resentment and fury will be UNLEASHED on traitorous MP's.
I would simply like everyone to feel their true present feelings about brexit are expressed and that if 60%+ of the population do not want it then going ahead anyway may bring about a national depression. If the high bar is not reached then at least we all got a chance to vote.
Brexit is so dull. It’s just one long family argument that keeps going on and no-one ever changes their mind, just entrenches their position and hates the rest of the family a bit more each day.
How can you vote for this in all honesty, unless of course you wish us to remain in the EU??
Jacob. There is more to life than hoovers, but pubs and diggers. Who else in business supports brexit
To hell with the rest of the world lol very British very that
Listening to remain voters means a brexit that keeps the maximum number of benefits that are legally possible between the EU and the UK intact. Anybody who criticizes JC's brexit plan compared to May's or fails to point out how disastrously extremist her's is in comparison ...
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal | #Brexit #post-Brexit #uncertainty #trade #Switzerland
Look at this! We are surrounded by idiots
American lawyer here (so obvs no expert) but I understand the principle is that the first referendum was usurpation of parliament's authority and referenda in general are not in keeping w/British legal tradition. That said, good luck getting rid of Brexit horror &amp; hope u remain.
His face has a permanent Pro-Brexit expression
In the sense that the political elites aren't listening to the "silent" majority? We have a similar thing here in the UK, with the majority wanting (no deal) Brexit, and the media &amp; most politicians trying to sabotage it. Would that be fair to say?
Yes indeed! 'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
‘A very British coup’: Commons plot to seize control from May revealed
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
No deal Brexit is the only way to take back control of UK borders, warns IDS #WTOLetsGo
Brexit shows how direct democracy can be dangerous
*IF* Article 50 is extended to allow for another referendum on #Brexit which presumably would take several months to organise, do the UK still get to vote for MEPs on May 23rd ?
Backstop is hoax - Legal basis for all relations with WTO found in Article 24 paragraph 6 of GATT rules. Says re-imposition of protective measures at border whether tariff or non-tariff must give rise to compensation via negotiated concessions
It's a Dictatorship. It has been since at least 1952. Whether the "politicians" knew or not. Its always the same advisors and staff behind the curtain pulling the strings.
You must also be ready for a thrashing, because that’s what your stance in Brexit will lead to.
He’s a relic, his football tactics are he same as his Brexit views - out of date and out of touch
MPs are plotting to sideline #TheresaMay and take control of the #Brexit process via
Huw Merryman is my MP as well. I have sent numerous e mails to him over the last month's the most recent last week. He did reply to me saying Theresa Mays deal is not perfect but if we don't accept it we may not get brexit at all ( they wouldn't dare)!
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy
He's the best thing for the tories !
Credit to Jarvis Cocker for stating a *selfish* reason for opposing Brexit. Mature democracies expect individuals to pursue selfish goals. The Brexit debate is toxic because so many pretend their selfishness is only motivated by a mysterious plan to make the whole world better.
That’s because many still believe Jezza will eventually oppose Brexit. See what happens to those numbers if he’s campaigning on a manifesto promising to take Britain out of the EU - and this time the election is solely about Brexit.
shrewd businessman.He knows how to oil cogs at the right time of pending Brexit.
A surreal world with Colin in...
The Observer view on Jeremy Corbyn’s need to show some leadership on Europe | Observer editorial
They don’t need to ask us we don’t want to leave it’s TM they have to convince
Brexit bingo anyone?
Elitist Blairite has not bothered to make any attempt whatsoever at understanding the leave voting consistency that he was parachuted into. I think we need to go for 2 year elections, like in the US Congress, to kick out these lazy parasites
Hi Andrew,what do you think of the treasonous actions from the Back Benches, &amp; The Speaker in Cahoot's to block #Brexit ,MPs that want Remain,&amp; their Constituency voted Leave,surely should be De selected, luckily for us we have as MP for us.
What's in it for them is when you look out of your window everything will be the same , institutions may differ but the rest remains. The form of Brexit is frankly unimportant, that it is delivered is one of the most important decisions in hundreds of years .
Yet another reason why we should leave the EU and be free to trade with the rest of the world on our own terms. #Brexit
Tired of reading about Brexit and possible outcomes? has put it all in one time-saving diagram. Sure it looks messy, but so is the situation - and you'll still save time.
Govt whips conducting divisive campaign - undermining parliament - playing with fire. UK needs consensus around key issues to be able to move forward in national interest. MPs need to talk across parties on #brexit- its not a 'coup' May doesn't have a divine right to rule
You consider any Brexit supporter as right wing?
As a white english woman, I am so fucking sorry for what this pathetic, piddling little rock has become. The racism isn't new, it was hidden a little but since Brexit, its emboldened the arse wipes. I wish there was something I could do.
Maybe he should focus on tax before he starts pontificating on Brexit
You do it to yourselves..! You lecture ppl on Brexit then cry because ppl rib you.
He hates Corbyn. Nothing to do with Brexit. He should be deselected.
Brexit sale price
send in Anthony Finkelstein - He can point out how utterly clueless this analogy is - Y2K was a very well specified real problem, and despite that, huge expenditure/preparation/effort was put in to prevent disasters. brexit is unspecified and no deal is an avoidable disaster
Sadly, with this mob shaping up the way it is, anything is possible. We could easily loose all our trade deals with Mars and Jupiter and because a Brexit dog barked wrong!
Part of what staggers me about Brexit is that so many people are willing to have their own rights, prosperity and freedoms taken away if it means they can also take away the rights and freedoms of people poorer or ethnically different than them.
The Sun has always been for Brexit
vegans are fiscal stimulus for London eateries, softening exorbitant rental costs and Brexit. mark-up on cauliflower steaks is insane. Where in Camden is this?
(BBC News):Jamie Carragher &amp; #Neil #Warnock share their strong opposing views on Brexit : Former Liverpool footballer Jamie Carragher and Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock share their strong opposing views on Brexit. ..
Great! Let's hear everyone's view on Brexit.
Remember the poll that said 59% for independence if Labour helped Brexit pass. And we can always rejoin quickly.
Backstop is hoax - Legal basis for all relations with WTO found in Article 24 paragraph 6 of GATT rules. Says re-imposition of protective measures at border whether tariff or non-tariff must give rise to compensation via negotiated concessions
(Mirror):#Jeremy #Corbyn blasts 'disgraceful' attacks on John Bercow in Brexit bias row : It's claimed the Speaker held a secret meeting before dismissing legal concerns saying "I don't want to know" - but Jeremy Corbyn said he's ..
Betfair are offering 20-1 ON that the vote is a defeat. Why are the BBC trying to make out that it could be close? Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
What the Labour Mayor of London meant to write, was ‘Electing a Labour Government gives Britain the best shot at fixing the grievances that fuelled the Brexit vote’ cause even he can’t think that remaining with a Tory government is going to fix anything. #GTTO
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter | Breitbart
Can’t help it but that looks like because of Brexit c**t ! The truth lies hidden !
This guy is so fucking dumb
eloquently and succinctly, responds to TM's last gasp appeal to MPs. Maybe if MPs had researched the consequences of Brexit and been more informed - and independent minded - we would not have incurred the cost and humiliation of this farce. #StopBrexit
"There’s no such thing as a jobs-first Brexit. That’s like saying that there’s a patients-first bubonic plague" Yes Why does this self-evident truth seem to be so controversial?
Neil Warnock: - Goblin lookalike - No eyebrows - Has probably been to the same Spanish resort every year for 35 years - Drinks John Smith’s - Has gravy with everything - Brexit means Brexit - Just a general cunt
I watched the interview on #Marr Frankly it was embarrassing The unrealistic #Corbyn position on #Brexit is bad enough Add his hopelessly inadequate dad-dancing attempts to explain it however, and you rapidly see why Labour have no chance whilst he remains leader
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy
FFS ! Can't you get even basic facts right?
Aye JC&amp; Human Rights? #LabourAbstain equally responsible #Brexitshambles #Austerity #Wars as Tory Labour Will NEVER win Scotland for Lies+BT #BritNat triumphalism My family WILL NEVER VOTE LABOUR again InterNATIONAL Scots 62% NO #Brexit #indyref2 #DissolveTheUnion
Brexit did not scrabbles our politics botched deal scrabbled it. Note everyone refer to it as #maysdeal as oppose to #governmentsdeal
Trade advised to highlight ‘no-deal’ Brexit passport implications to customers
Informed commentary from highly vaunted political analyst Warnock.
Contracts are broken, and they need fixing: 1) Economic 2) Social 3) Psychological Here Corbyn is not offering anything much- he doesn't even address two of these points, and the economic one- Brexit means it will make things worse so he's failing on all three contracts.
Labour and Tory Remainers prepare to unite to revoke date of Brexit
Really is a brexit league
In fact at this point I would rather vote for your Jez :) Corbyn's stance on Brexit is evidence to be that he never back Remain. During the campaign of 2016 he was noticeable by his absence!
Backstop is hoax - Legal basis for all relations with WTO found in Article 24 paragraph 6 of GATT rules. Says re-imposition of protective measures at border whether tariff or non-tariff must give rise to compensation via negotiated concessions
As though Brexit &amp; Trump aren't bad enough....
This threatens to reduce the status of the *prime* minister to something like “first” minister, when – I’m sorry I’ll come in again.
You should have added that May's deal is not Brexit.
Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Leaving EU on WTO Terms via
Please please please
I see the deluded old man has been dreaming again
But they breached that trust themselves by suppling so much misinformation to make that democratic vote in the first place!! #NoDeal #Brexit How can democracy survive on such a bed of nonsense?
They simply don't have a clue how to proceed and "waiting for the right time to issue no confidence" wonder if that will be after Brexit is finalised then he can claim the glory or dodge the issue. The guy is a slime
One more time. Truth out! #Brexit is Bad for the majority of people
Where’s Jeremy Paxman when you need him? It’s about time we heard, “Well if you’re not answering the question, I’ll end the interview now” and shut down their air time.
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU | Breitbart
When are you going to realise the extent of the treacherous, and underhanded, behaviour of your colleagues? This, right here, is proof that they are undermining your efforts to deliver Brexit. They are, literally, working against you.
This is what Russia has planned for, for YEARS: DECADES! Too bad we have all been dumbed down to see it! Russia takes the United States of America!!
New post: "Brexit Beckons The Courage Of Thomas Paine"
From an insider. It's not looking good.
A breech in trust and a breech in duty of parliament. 80% of parliament whether they like it or not were lent powers from the people ‘WHO ARE SOVEREIGN’ to deliver Brexit on brexit manifestos anyone unable to do this should be removed from HOC as their power is lent not given
F*ckin disgraceful she has no IDEA what the people of our Kingdom is feeling right now
I hope you are right David Davis and when Britian is freed can we charge people who have been obstructing Brexit with treason
What are you talking about?? They don't want a PV! "Fat cats and off shore hedge funds" - JRM, Redwood, Murdoch, Crispin Odey, Paul Marshall etc., etc...Brexit Cheerleaders (&amp; manipulators) don't want a PV because their right-wing vulture capitalist coup might be derailed..
Jezza wants a hard Brexit but he's not gonna admit it,sad from a man who stuck to his guns on so many other issues
It’ll be a Coo!
New article (Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter) has been published on The Daily Digest - #WalkAway
Runs deeper than that. It's the *still raging* TORY CIVIL-WAR between the "right-wing" and the "far-right/Thatcherite" factions! They HATE each other (and us!) and will fight to the death to seize control! WE the public are just "collateral damage"! #Brexit IS ALL ABOUT THEM!
Whichever main party commits to stopping #Brexit first will obviously win the next GE, because of the above. Which party will commit first to #StopBrexit ?
I’ll just leave this here and let you work it out !
neil warnock is from sheffield
Perhaps now is the time for the people to act in their own defence and go and canvas each of your MP's who have supported BREXIT and to get them to consider joining a third party with VOTERS consent to win the day - Just a one-off to right the wrongs of the SPEAKER
The more is see facts , like this, and the more I here "I believe Brexit will work/is good/ for the people" I am starting to think Brexit is actually a faith based form of reasoning like what homeopathy is to Neuroscience.
Looking forward to seeing this next Saturday when it airs in the US! On the same network as Game of Thrones, so there are certain expectations...
Backstop is hoax - Legal basis for all relations with WTO found in Article 24 paragraph 6 of GATT rules. Says re-imposition of protective measures at border whether tariff or non-tariff must give rise to compensation via negotiated concessions
The many don't agree with the few who are leading the party on Brexit.
It is shocking that Corbyn should make such an error. I can confirm that 100% the EXHR is totally separate from the EU. Brexit doesn’t affect us as a signatory.
How can we think of losing this ?
Warnock the personification of the Brexit ideal
Absolutely right- but please call the withdrawal agreement what it is. A Treaty It is not ‘a deal’ It is very important that we call the withdrawal agreement a binding treaty. That sounds much less appetising than ‘a deal’ #brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
‘Mrs May has taken Britain perilously close to the precipice of a crash-out Brexit on the gamble that, when MPs are staring into the abyss, they will finally succumb to her deal. This can be fairly called #BlackmailBrexit’
Not according to Colin, the #Brexit Guru.
These are our friends, not just our neighbours. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
The country has been devided for decades, it's why we voted Brexit, half the nation been ignored for decades, the majority on other aspects. The anger remainers think they have is nothing compared to when Major, Blair &amp; Brown signed us away and it's been bubbling away for decades
Posted...
Is this guy as dim as he appears to be?
I do concede that Lib Dems and Snp who voted Brexit are a small minority. My opinion is that the far right are also a small minority of this country. Not sure the vast majority of Labour voted remain as 60% if the there constituencys voted leave but I stand to be corrected.
How are fishing quotas outside UK territorial waters anything to do with brexit? Jeez, you're exasperating.
. very important organization, but US/#Trump is undermining it on almost all fronts; dispute settlement will not longer work as of late 2019 - disaster for UK and #May's #GlobalBritain post-#BREXIT approach.
I just don't want people to be dragged out of the EU against their will as this will hurt you. It would be better for you to be sure that's what you want. Brexit is not a binary issue. Even if you want to leave, you need to decide - on no deal or May deal? 2/2
Brexit update: from next week, omelettes will be known as egg pies
Please sign this Petition. Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
Take charge, . Become party leader, revoke Article 50 and then reverse the catastrophic decisions the Left has made in the last decades, decisions which have rendered this country unrecognisable to many of its indigenous people
Brexit is the new hooliganism. Gives the local village idiot an excuse to get out an shout his foolish childish shit.
Why not make it a three-for-one-dum and throw in European Parliament elections on the same day?
Backstop is hoax - Legal basis for all relations with WTO found in Article 24 paragraph 6 of GATT rules. Says re-imposition of protective measures at border whether tariff or non-tariff must give rise to compensation via negotiated concessions
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Always said Neil Warnock was a c**t. #Brexit
Agreed. Well we can already see how theyve screwed up the negotiations, resulting with Mays god awful brexit deal
Wisdom. Warnock style.
MPs Attempting to Wrest Control of Brexit! via
. Rugby political obsessives like us think about Brexit every waking hour - *real* people are getting on with their lives
Great Britain : KEEP CALM and Keep a stiff upper lip . God Bless the Queen and God bless Great the UK
This is the problem, delivering the Referendum result can be done by May's Deal, alas those who claim to support Brexit the most passionately in appearance oppose May's Deal even saying it is worse than EU membership. Not a principled stance for a Brexiteer but a logical reality
How does someone this stupid have a job in management? Appropriateness aside, what he says is nonsense!
Major, like May &amp; every UK Prime Minister since Mrs. Thatcher, works for the EU. So of course these contemptible traitors all want to prevent a genuine Brexit at all costs.
The latest The Luis Soares Daily! #ces2019 #brexit
No Deal Brexit. It has much longer term recession indicators. Corbyn’s manifesto would likely drive significant inflation and interest rate hikes - could end up with stagflation like we did in 70’s. That wouldn’t be pretty either, but shorter term. Don’t fancy either much myself!
My understanding is majority of members are anti-Brexit and pro peoples vote. Am I misinformed? Genuine question. FWIW I don’t think we’re going to get a GE, and I’m not sure Labour would win if we did. So two very big ifs between now and Corbyn in number 10
If you want to tackle tax avoidance then stay in the EU. There is a whole package of EU laws coming into effect this year that will outlaw the use of tax havens etc. But you SUPPORT this Tory Brexit, don't you?
If the Labour Party campaign to stop Brexit, they will win a GE. If not, the chances are very slim. He knows it.
I support Brexit and don’t want a second referendum but these comments are just plain nasty.
i take more seats 1st to fight of EU trade and more and EU rights in brexit mess
Anyone who thinks that pursuing Brexit could ever form part of "bringing the country together" probably shouldn't be in politics, so impoverished is their understanding of how society works.
Also, it’s not generally known that Warsaw will soon have the highest building in the European Union (even assuming no Brexit).
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter via
Check out ’s Tweet:
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote - Sky News via #technews #technology
The latest The Great Lincolnshire Daily! Thanks to #imps #brexit
I’d like to see a Scots pound tied into the value of the Euro. Worried pound Sterling will crash after Brexit but the Euro is more stable.
Rosemary's #Brexit #PeoplesVote
The "arrests" in the future will be to cancel our money.....because it will be digital....so we won't be able to afford to live. This is how they will control us in the years to come.
My new favourite Brexit stance is the idea that even if (when) May's deal fails this week, another version "largely on the same lines" will emerge as 'Plan B'. All this, of of course, is said while Brexiters lecture on faith in democracy and sacrosanct decision-making ...
Jeremy Corbyn dashes hopes of Labour backing for second Brexit referendum
MPs are being brilliantly trolled by billboards featuring their own tweets
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU
And Putin's behind it all...
The Government's Dad's Army approach to Brexit
Twat
It's not Draconian? Dude it's going back to the 50s. It's brexit.
What about Brexit?
Very proud of my class who have taken an interest in Brexit through their work on British Values. Extracts from their letters sent to 10 Downing Street.
Impossible? Theresa May is in an impossible position. Nicola has fucked up. Again. Her judgment is off. Look at her reaction to the Brexit vote. Flying anywhere to meet anyone with a grandiose title.
Warnock should focus on staying in the Premier Leauge with Cardiff instead of the Brexit!Or else it is for him Exit!
George Soros backing secret plot to thwart Brexit -- Puppet Masters --
Post-#Brexit #immigration policy, discriminates against lower skilled &amp; low-income workers who: -harvest our food, -build our homes, -care for us in our hospitals &amp; in our old age No-deal Brexit would put thousands of UK jobs at risk #revokeA50 #remain
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
You refuse to see what EU is becoming, why insist a committee who pays industries JLR, Ford, Cadbury, leaving working class in UK on knees, Diesel lobbied by Germany in EU, treaty of Aachen France/Germany spells trouble an Army, Tax they will destroy UK.
Come out defiantly against Brexit and I might consider it, otherwise no thanks.
"Sshhhh, sshhhh, EVERYBODY SHUSH AND LISTEN! Femi has a message from Mandelson. Whatever else you are dealing with, we'll forget that! Right? Forget everything else? Wowzers!!!
The only problem with that is the reality. Labour will lose the next election if they continue to support Brexit, the Tories may increase their majority &amp; be able to pass their evil more easily. I hate the Tories, but that is the sad reality. #PeoplesVote
No we don't, that has been shown through Brexit, through Westminster blocking our bills by referring them to the supreme Court whilst legislating to nullify the effects. As for the tax situation, its not just income tax that counts? You need to look at the bigger picture.
2. All Brexit options would leave unaffected the jurisdiction of the ECHR. It is a condition of membership of the EU that member states are signatories to the Convention. So, if the UK leaves without agreement to the contrary, the gov. could decide to withdraw from the Convention
Not charlatans but courageous and principled politicians refusing to accept national suicide fuelled by the rich to be imposed on the poor and gullible. There is nothing to be gained by Brexit. Nothing.
I seriously can't. Did write this?!
Would labour have any guarantees of winning election or forming govnt with SNP who want to remain in EU, whilst still supporting #brexit?
Can we suggest you retire to this petite maison, Monsieur Grieve? - The Grieve family bolthole ... via
Yeah I know him as manager, but I always have a hard time thinking of guys like or fat Sam as having played. But his brexit line certainly suggests it.
Her deal is already a ‘catastrophic &amp; unforgivable breach of trust’ in democracy as her Deal is NOT Brexit. Her deal is vassalage
#AltRight News &gt; The Nigel Farage Show: Not delivering Brexit will be a breach of trust to our democracy.
The only solution is a hard brexit to protect the interests of the UK, because the EU has us over a barrel and won't negotiate now that they know our weaknesses. For Scotland, the solution is #IndyRef2 to allow democracy in this country as well. Everybody hang on tight.
Oooh look Colin GTTO is back! My money says clever parody account. Feel free to vote and RT.
I would say as long as he keeps us up we can have Brexit, but that’s just a bridge too far. I like NW but he’s made an utter tit of himself today playing the comedic stereotype Yorkshireman.
Stephen is a very dull boy. Showing on the show that his #PlanB on #Brexit is to bore us to tears.
IMPACT OF BREXIT ON INDIAN ECONOMY
Mr Corbyn ignored the 5million who voted Brexit and why,and will promise heaven, look who runs major cities under Labour flag and tell me it’s for us. The door bell rings but no ones home,please think before you vote, it is our last chance to keep our country vote patriotic party
Tomorrow the #UK government will debate the petition to leave the EU with no deal it currently has 327,000 signatures let's hope our voices will be heard #Brexit
By Oli Smith: BREXIT OUTRAGE: Farage reveals SHOCKING prediction that will be ‘LOATHSOME’ for Brexiteers #BrexitBetrayal
Blunt speaking as always, but he's no racist #FarRight supporter. #BrexitVote #Brexit
YES!!! Under #WTOrules China bid to build #HS2. new big roads, railroads. WTORules mean bids open from whole world to run #NHS. Together we destroy Europe. "EU has not developed a unified response to Beijing’s “divide and conquer” tactics."
This also implies that Gov wants No Deal Brexit as the easy way to ensure that it doesn't happen is to revoke Article 50. This means that Gov would prefer chaos rather than explaining to Leavers why revoking A50 would u be in their best interests in the circumstances
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit - Brexit minister
Posted...
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
PEOPLE should be very wary of a second Brexit referendum. A referendum has already been held. A second, with more crude 'choices', will further debase our unsatisfactory democracy and cause more division. A general election is needed. Change. Not pre-referendum business-as-usual
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter #Economy #Immigration via
It should have been impossible for Clinton to lose to Trump. She did. It should be impossible for the Tories to win another general election. They will. Not because Labour supporters will vote Tory but because we simply won't vote Labour and be told we voted Brexit.
Breitbart: REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU
Best brexit style managor
Yup, and the Brexit debate in particular has become too confrontational. It should be about caring for people.
...early pension for the British MEP's , in the case of Brexit, appears to be an issue there...
Protesters march ahead of voting on Brexit deal in UK Parliament
I would if she will stipulate that “not delivering #Brexit” means going forward with her deal...
Just when you thought things could not get any worse, then you have to contemplate a Labour Government,that clearly signals the end of civilisation in this country
Be 'brave' and face down far right over second Brexit referendum, Sadiq Khan tells MPs
No we had another vote when one was due. Seeing as brexit referendum was a one off vote, another vote isnt due. The british public were well informed on this and neither side had a problem with it.
Thanks for that I think that by the time you posted this even the late risers were aware of your message. The thing is, what are we gong to do about it? #Leave
SO WHAT IS YOUR BREXIT PLAN!!!! Heard a lot of hot air but nothing of any substance - most likely because you don’t have one but if you do why not put your huge ego aside for the good of the country, &amp; work with the government to deliver it - then wait for 2022 for a GE
Is that a still from Gringot's Bank?
“Democracy is precious” Always like it when the cheats, lies, fantasy, racist xenophobic con of brexit try and use the word democracy
Thank the far right #ConServeAbsolutelyFkinNothings who are complicit in the destruction of two great nation’s
Only 1000 UK vehicles will be licenced in EU instead of 40,000 going there daily. WTO tariffs must be collected so delays will slow food and medicine #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #politics #PeoplesVote #VeniceConvention #SNP #EU
You need to set up a new Brexit party before the elites really stitch up Brexit. You need to be ready for possible EU and national elections. Time is of the essence.
Breaking..New Brexit Secretary is named.
For Germans in the UK, it was a case of coughing up &gt;£2K per person to have #DualCitizenship up to autumn last year. It us now too late as Germany will only accept dual UK citizenships ratified before March. A lot of money, potentially wasted if Brexit does not come to pass. 1/
Warnock the wanker
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis via
weird flex but ok
Please don't include Dr Mosely in this...it's just an unfortunate juxtaposition. STOP brexit.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Remember #Borgen? How our star became PM without a majority? Let that happen to Caroline Lucas. She's intelligent, passionate, compassionate, knows that #Brexit is harakiri and will defend people AND planet. And won't be so full of herself not to ask other good people to help.
And his daughter can’t believe how smooth he is
I thought this mans weird, cunty behaviour was restricted to football...clearly it isn’t.
Amazing the number of left-wing idiots who say "I won't vote Corbyn because he is not doing enough to oppose Brexit" .... whilst totally disregarding the fact he is a marxist, a traitor, an IRA supporter and recently named the world's 4th most dangerous antisemite.
Tory MPs threaten Bercow over his peerage after 'abuse of authority' at crucial Brexit debate - ... via
Car job losses are due to a global demand slump not brexit. China in particular. How do explain the huge ford job losses in the EU if brexit is the cause
There’s a global economy beyond the economic insanity and destabilisation of a single currency, EU external customs and excise duty! #monetary #Brexit #GlobalCitizen
The choice between Brexit and Brexit. #NoChoice
Are you wearing yellow to protest against drones or because your party leader is pro Brexit?
Adrian a vital technical question is "do we remain contracting parties to the EEA after #Brexit". Yarrow and co say yes, Piris says no, but his reference to the texts is insufficient to convince me. Do you have a view? The Piris article is here.
So funny!!!
I worried about this figure I thought some critical thinking was required If we decide to strike while country in chaos over Brexit then I feel we will never see any money!
yes and that means there is another chance to have a proper Brexit, the one people voted for. this deal means that we can never get what we voted for as we need to ask the overlords for permission !!! its utterly shameful.
No. You're not. Because an election needs to have opposing ideologies for the electorate to have a clear choice. To coin a phrase; brexit means brexits. Whether it's your unicorns, or May's continued rape and pillage of the UK. You will lose. Thus letting the Tories rule for ever
Nice video, shame about the song. I'm none the wiser why a Labour Brexit that still ends FoM will be any different than what has already been offered John.
That we can't offload our poor and unemployed to the rest of the EU now seen as a reason Brexit will "hurt"! I doubt they would have gone anyways. (of course those with money/jobs will meet immigration requirements so no difference)
Even that probably wouldn't put the hardcore Brexit headbangers off applying for the role. Remember, history will remember you were Prime Minister forever, even if you only did the job for a few hours or days before running to the Queen in a panic to tender your own resignation.
Not shared by any sane person whose field of vision and ken goes beyond that of a kneeling ant with soil in its eyeballs.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Reuters: Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit - Brexit minister
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
At the Plymouth Guidhall with discussing Brexit. Good turnout handing out leaflets calling for a #PeoplesVote
I agree No.10 has handled this terribly, but it could be even worse if the EU thinks that there's a strong chance Brexit is overturned completely
Twitter: define 'naivety'.
If May's Brexit goes ahead things can only change for the worse because the Government won't have the money for the investment needed. Brexit bonuses are a lie, May &amp; Mann are the only people still pushing that line. A Corbyn Gov is your best hope.
So this might pan out: - May's deal voted down - no confidence vote fails (DUP back May) - May's deal adds permanent CU now identical to Labours brexit plan - passes with Labour support - No confidence vote succeeds (DUP don't back May) Corybn gets brexit &amp; GE not on brexit.
Lib Dems vs Brexit: Vince Cable takes on the WTO Rules argument
Young families from my region of origin in France -split between hopeful optimism and the desire to go back. #Brexit
These remain Mps know they will never get elected again in fact i would be very surprised if they put themselves up for relection to be humiliated So there must be a plan for their future which is going to give them a good living so they are confident enough to ignore 17.4m ppl
We. Need. New. Politicians.
This is strong and unequivocal from Scotland’s leading food and drink bodies. Any Brexit is bad enough but no deal could cost this key sector £2 billion.
Lib Dems vs Brexit – Ed Davey on what Paddy would have thought
#CYPRUS: A TOP DESTINATION FOR INVESTORS AND BUSINESSES Upheavals in the #MiddleEast and #Brexit in Europe have helped #Cyprus to become the top destination for investors and businesses. … My investigative article in #Newshour_online
#brexit Sadly Corbyn hasn't got your brains Paul.Interesting though your comments were this morning it would be a tragic day for the UK if Labour with him as leader ever gained power.Thankfully I do think the majority of voters would see through his slipperiness!
...just betrays their own right-wing ideology of gladly accepting the evil of the tories at the expense of throwing the left under the bus. Brexit is going to happen, I don't want it to but people voted to cause damage to their own country's future and that isn't going to change.
Still waiting for a sensible answer to the question: IF WTO terms are so favourable, why does every developed economy on the planet, including ours, commit billions to maintaining Govt Depts whose sole purpose is to strike trade deals that improve upon WTO terms?
What a batshit crazy system the US has with the appointment of nakedly partisan judges placed to push ideological agendas. Judiciary should not be political. The UK may be imploding over Brexit but at least we get that right!
Tories have scrambled our politics, brexit is the result.
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B
Deputy chief whip Christopher Pincher called John Bercow 'bully'
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter via
vanguardngrnews: May warns MPs against 'catastrophic' failure to deliver Brexit===has been published on Vanguard News Nigeria -
*brushing up on my ability to understand despite missing/badly-altered þ (thorn) or ð (eth)*
MPs are being brilliantly trolled by billboards featuring their own tweets
The latest The Ghana Parliament Daily! #frizemedia #brexit
Excellent from . NIreland backstop is symptom of #Brexit crisis, not only problem w May's deal. UK voted for Out &amp; triggered A50 without agreeing a final destination. There is no durable consensus, which then necessitates the backstop.
vanguardngrnews: 'Get us out': Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up===has been published on Vanguard News Nigeria -
Also when North Korea isolated itself, it was wrong. But now because its the EU it perfectly fine. Bunch of fascists trying to over turn the will of the people. An abuse of privilege.
UK should look towards its commonwealth history and be a global leader. A position earned through history and governance
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
Except that Article 50 has yet to be implemented. So what brainfuckery is this that some MPs have sought to undermine the referendum result as soon as it was declared, with no intention of honouring the result, trying to sabotage the Brexit process since the get go.
“Concerns about the Border come up frequently [...] John [...], originally from Derry, says he travelled home before Christmas [&amp; found] palpable fear of a return to sectarian violence.” The failure of some politicians to address this fear is reprehensible.
What utter rubbish. May's deal does not deliver Brexit. All it does is chain us to the EU even more than we are now. She has let you down badly.
How is you MP likely to vote on the Brexit deal?
It’s what Femi voted for.. On a different ballot paper to myself, admittedly.. #marr #Ridge #bbcsp #Brexit
Ahead of key #Brexit vote, many residents of U.K. #manufacturing hubs closely linked to the bloc say they value their sovereignty above the #Economy via #BrexitInbetweeners #BrexitVote #economics #business #entrepreneur #london #EuropeanUnion #news
The latest The Pascal Jacquemain Daily! Thanks to #peoplesvote #brexit
Correct! The latest cynical blackmail tactics.
If Brexit was a football team, it would be managed by Neil Warnock. Clueless tactics, relegation fodder, hoff the ball all over the place and blame everyone else when it goes to the shit. #Brexit
Given what we have seen of corrupt Liberal Fascist EU's refusal to negotiate a reasonable and amicable exit #Corbyn's refusal to countenance NO DEAL will cost #Labour the election and put the Blairites back in control.
What part of "BREXIT WILL BE CATASTROPHIC" are folk, especially Scots failing to grasp. All that will remain will be sweat shops.
Haha class mate got any bets on?
Name one opportunity that brexit will bring. One. Blue passports don't count.
Brexiters like to point to 2017 election as 80% of electorate that voted for Brexit as it was in their manifestos. It was also in their manifestos to have a deal the EU. So 80% of the electorate voted AGAINST no deal.
#BrexitI have noticed that #Putin is becoming more agressive lately. I fear for the Baltic states and Ukraine. Unfortunately by our stupid #Brexit we will add to the further de-stabalization of Europe at a time when unity should be paramount.
"Self-Inflicted" on our nation by the Remainer establishment inside and outside government who have been taking control of this since 24thJune 2016
Countdown to coup in Commons: How Grieve went about tabling his amendment - 1. Tables motion via
oppose brexit or shut up
Young voters denied a vote? Half of them are looking for Brexit on Netflix! They think its a comedy, they are not far wrong.
EU caused this by granting subsidies to Slovakia &amp; by not stopping illegal behaviour by German car companies #NoDealNoProblem
An impressive speech, not just on #brexit but on parliamentary responsibilities &amp; commitments to speaking the truth about the economy, health &amp; immigrants, and not letting young generations down - may these courageous words resonate beyond the UK to all politicians
Part of me wants a disastrous no deal brexit just to see these insane cultists' faces ground into pain and penury
This is a really interesting piece, thanks for sharing. On my run this morning I was thinking about how broken society is, and what has to happen in order for it to be fixed (although in a general sense, not in a Brexit sense).
What does having 11 different nationalities or being owned by a Malaysian Guy have to do with Brexit in any way ?
‘People I respect think that when the dust has finally settled, Britain will need to rethink its casual attitude to the rules of its democracy and embrace a properly codified and protected constitution. Professor Vernon Bogdanor will make that case in a book ‘Beyond Brexit’
There has never been a country more in need of a change of government than ours right now #gttto #Brexit #marr #politics #leader
You already have control. There are powerful rules already available but You have elected not to use them. So therefore nothing will change - Brexit or not. And all the countries we do deals with will want visas in return. So it will be even worse
I’m sure Neil Warnock is feverishly awaiting your boyfriend’s take on his Brexit outburst
and see my column for similar history-laden take
Yes they are. I support military action, sending just our airforce and navy to obliterate Russia! ENSURE THAT THEY CAN'T EVEN MAKE A PHONE CALL, much less cause ANY problems ANYWHERE. Level the damn Country NOW! THEY declared war the day they interfered with our democracy! DONE
Brexit is about a lot more than a customs union. Trade in services? Freedom of movement? Collaboration in security, science etc? Brexit is a disaster in all these aspects. Thus Corbyn is a disaster and unelectable. He has made himself irrelevant.
You would think that and would share the occasional word sometime.
Great! Thx :0
MPs must vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal in large enough numbers to kill it forever' | via
Provided Labour doesn't betray Brexit, and the &lt;£20k voters turn out
Stopping/postponing 29 March Brexit will breach Referendum unambiguous democratic contract &amp; break democracy thereby leaving only direct action &amp; the survival of the fittest, which surely no sane person wants the UK to degenerate towards. High stakes.
The latest The Peter English Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
Which of your politicians isn't utterly clueless?
Not to be outdone we hear Corbyn today telling us he will be supporting brexit although 80% Lab voters want to Remain, revoke art50.He doesn't care about their voice,he wants to rip up theTreaty of Rome to be famous. Today we saw the great betrayal of people whoo supported Labour
Yes, him and #BrexitPlusPlusPlus
That's precisely why Corbyn's stance that there should be an election to give the people a choice about Brexit, is the most transparent falsehood ever.
Nigh what are you doing about these Traitor MPs that are trying t take over Brexit Exit these are MPs that do not accept t Will Off The People , how about calling GE let’s get rid off this Khrushchev, they are Self Serving Money Grasping MPs let get them out. Grieves Burco Corby
Have you got the energy to go again?
New post (Reversing Brexit Could Trigger Extremism Says Minister!) has been published on RETWEET and help us beat the mainstream media! -
That's all an assumption that we get and win an election before Brexit has happened in whatever form. There is no good Brexit. Just various less damaging forms. But all damage, all make us worse off. It's self harm on a massive scale. Look at the damage already before we leave.
MPs must vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal in large enough numbers to kill it forever
This is important. #Russia had a hand in both. We need to get a grip of ourselves and take back our democracy.
if he cant afford the fare I will pay
And Brexit wouldn't have passed either. But frustrated people don't always act in their own best interest
An replace them with whom? Pro brexit Corbyn and Labour?
And as for Corbyn, go away. You're not really against no deal brexit. You're just using this mess to get into power yourself. No one gives a damn about you or your party anymore. Labour sold out.
ghost ships
This guy is a tosser
.. You have lost all credibility with the nation, you have been throwing stones at us pro brexit supporters by name calling, now you "Cry Wolf" when challenged and called a Nazi, grow up with your petulant behaviour it's called Sticks and Stones..
Wetherspoon boss Tim Martin forced to end pub Brexit debate as he’s confronted by angry remainers
Perhaps Jacob could be the minister for telling brexit areas their situation was not caused by EU therefore by leaving it won't help you. I have a promo video to help him
domdyer70: RT tnewtondunn: Giant leadership vacuum opening up on both front benches. Never been more obvious that the Commons will attempt to fill it.
Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
Yellow Vest protesters declare standing for 'child abuse' in poorly worded flyer
More rhetoric from the guy that only engaged the EU directly when brexit sec. for 4hrs!?! A failed politician, a charlatan and a complete traitor.
. very important organization, but US/#Trump is undermining it on almost all fronts; dispute settlement will not longer work as of late 2019 - disaster for UK and #May's #GlobalBritain post-#BREXIT approach.
I'm beginning to suspect that apart from a few "professional spokespeople" and the occasional TV programs, the young don't really care that much about Brexit. Sure they've been told what to think but, in general they're thinking about other stuff.
domdyer70: RT DPJHodges: One thing this interview has already definitively confirmed. Anyone who thinks a general election and Jeremy Corbyn government are the route out of the Brexit chaos needs their head examining.
Voters will never forgive if #BREXIT is betrayed.Trouble is no-one any longer believes a word she says.
But isn’t your position just an inversion of that? Plus, the far-right is plainly already emboldened and will be emboldened further by the enacting of their main policy objective (Brexit).
domdyer70: RT bj_edwards: Hes betrayed us all
domdyer70: RT tnewtondunn: Lord (Peter) Hennessy says British politics will this week enter “a multiple crisis” - over Brexit, the constitution, the party system, and voters’ faith in politics in general. “All of that adds up to a crisis with a capital C”. Cheery. #TWTW
In addition, the biggest current problem with a Brexit agreement is the land border between Northern Ireland (part of Britain/UK) and Ireland (EU independent member state). To characterise Brexit as an issue for England is to seriously misrepresent a complex and fraught issue.
Don't beat yourself up Femi. You talk about facts and reality. She talks about hope and flag waving. Anyone should be able to see through the huge Brexit lie! Quite frankly anyone who comments on a quite normal speech issue obviously down to nerves and passion is a moron!
domdyer70: RT SirSocks: Just watched marrshow interview with Corbyn. I’m no clearer on Labour Brexit policy. Fudge on all points plus the fantasy of expecting exact same benefits out as in.
#DominicGrieve knows that his days in parliament are over. This french loving arse wipe has been a traitor to the democratic will of the people and will suffer a humiliating slide into oblivion after the next elections. He is half french after all. #Brexit #Bercow
domdyer70: RT DoddsJane: Tells you all you need to know. jeremycorbyn will never oppose #Brexit as he wants it to happen. He continues to pay lip service to a #PeoplesVote but today he revealed his true colour. #marr
Silly old Grandad Brexit
If you’re an Accountant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
If hadn't personaly ensured that the #WTO #Brexit was clearly going to live up to the cliff edge disaster in order to sell the plan from the EU put forward thro her, the time to a blossoming UK would have been much less
What’s the club being owned by a Malaysian billionaire got to do with Brexit ?
There has never been a country more in need of a change of government than ours right now! #gttto #Brexit #marr #politics #leader
Interesting conversation with senior civil servant working on Brexit My friend was pretty appalled by amendment which - in civil servant's view - was irresponsible The default is UK leaves EU without deal, unless a deal is ratified, so we should plan for No Deal
I think as a nation everyone needs to unite and try to make the best out of a dire situation, but it’s hard to ignore all the signs that are pointing to a very rough time post-Brexit.
Democrats Outraged at Betrayal by Black Men, White Women #WWG1WGA #AutoTech #life #God Believe in #Constitution #DueProcess #MAGA #2A #blexit #brexit #GiletsJaunes #exposedeepstate
Clear evidence that the will of the people is NOT no deal.
"Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit" - #Brexit
It is you know #brexit is the beginning the middle,the end and anything else in between.Billions have been spent and #Corbyn is prepared to spend billions more to get his #jobsfirstbrexit what a dammed fool
The blasé attitude and disregard towards the extra work we are forcing upon 27 other nations sums up the Brexit mentality perfectly. Its also really gross. "What is Germany planning in case of a no-deal Brexit?"
This would be the perfect campaign slogan.....
It’s not Brexit if we’re still tied to EU rules.
Yes. Always thought there was a method in her madness
For what it’s worth , I’m not entirely sure what the government position will be after Tuesday - are you?
Nobody voted for a hard brexit. Remember it was going to be the easiest thing in the world ? What went wrong ? Oh. They lied.
#Brexit won’t interfere with top hat production
By 'doing more' I should have clarified, I meant doing more to avoid Brexit or at least reassure those who may/may not vote for them in the future (if there were a GE looming)that they were working to avoid Brexit, or at least a No Deal Brexit, and thus avoiding greater poverty.
And there was I thinking Chris Grayling WAS the void in the government...
Certainly a minority would consider a non-English speaking country with grave suspicions. One of the (many) contributing factors for the Brexit vote.
So who invented the #brexit fallacy? We should be straight out in a couple of months on WTO. Forget May’s tinkering and high and mighty she knows best. The nation voted. Just do it.
A wealthy old man wanting Brexit. What’s new?
Threat or promise? #Brexit
Interracial Politics #WWG1WGA #AutoTech #life #God Believe in #Constitution #DueProcess #MAGA #2A #blexit #brexit #GiletsJaunes #exposedeepstate …
And how dare Cameron he stand there with a poppy in his lapel, a remembrance of all the war dead who made the ultimate sacrifice, to make the Great Britain again after two WWs instead of surrendering our sovereignty to a failing EU.
Find out how your MP is expected to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal this week
#ChrisGrayling admits void between ears .... Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B
Would be great if you had to live &amp; work in the real world. Common sense dictates that any Plan B be kept up one’s sleeve till Plan A is aborted. Thank God May &amp; not you handling Brexit
Theresa May warns of ‘catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust’ if UK remains in EU: Brexit News for Sunday 13 January via you have had 2 years to get things right just tell us 17.4 million you wasted your time !! The big con !!!!
In summary, Warnock is a bellend.
I for one am shocked that he’s pro Brexit
You cannot ask "The People" to have a "Final Vote" on May's failed deal #Marr The Final vote was taken when the referendum votes were cast. The people voted LEAVE - #Brexit #JustDoIt #Disgraceful #Politicians #Liars #SaintsFC
No, he's too thick to be working to some insane plan. No, he just wants Brexit. Any Brexit will do. So he can do all those things the EU would let him do anyway. Corbyn is a conspiracy theorist, that's for sure.
Stop Brexit #StopBrexit
What a clown
Neil Warnock wants a nice firm and hard #Brexit
brexit is all of those things it must be stopped #PeoplesVote
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Can you see the in him?
The choice is going to be very simple for a number of people. If Labour support stopping Brexit, they will win. If not, then they will support the third parties.
And don't forget the MP for Leicester who believes that everyone in Britain qualifies for an Irish Passport. And these people will vote on Brexit deal this week!
MPs are being brilliantly trolled by billboards featuring their own tweets
Find out how your MP is expected to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal this week
CORRUPTION, CORRUPTION, CORRUPTION.....needs an obvious investigation...but because it is to remain in the EU, there will be NO investigation...that is how corrupt our establishment have become...and were are then chastised for a little verbal abuse? UNBELIEVABLE!
Productive day on the doors in Rothbury with ' Tom Hancock - great reception and lots of worry about #Brexit.
You won't be alone.
And it seems there are others who doubt that this take makes sense...
"#Brexiteer #Tory MPs are now threatened with deselection by their constituencies because of a lack of ideological purity. Counter-revolutions normally happen after the #Revolution revolution, not before."
Unless you are from the Left who have taken to the streets for many years. Whilst most moderate ppl do not, this will undoubtedly change if #brexit is not delivered. I for one have never publicly protested but will be one of the first if this happens. I hope you'll be with me.
As the Labour leadership of moves from the accidental to the irrelevant, others, such as Sadiq Khan and Yvette Cooper, step up to take responsibility:
Yellow Vest Time....................END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
Thank you Sarah
I understand this; the reason for the flap is because no-one really wanted Brexit except 17.4 million people in the 2016 ref. 2 years on and still people want nothing more than to keep us in the EU.
Seattle (WA) Times-Business: UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic. More #Seattle #news -
Please watch stand up about being offended and blocking people. If you block someone because they offend you then you can't ever win a debate. That's what leads to brexit and Trump. Your inability to entertain an idea while not supporting it shuts down debate
MPs like John Mann are the real reason why Labour aren’t way ahead in the polls. Betraying party policy and voting for Theresa May’s Brexit deal is the most stupid thing you could do if you’re on the opposition.
York city supporting brexit wafflegob. The only thing worse than this Guy will be the labour candidate. Want an MP of ability that focuses on the Boro please.
This is exactly what #Brexit has done to public EU debate in Germany: it lead to greater understanding of and massive support to EU, especially in critical groups. GE will.never allow a risk for EU, SM or CU to materialize and we will rather take no deal.
Backstop is hoax - Legal basis for all relations with WTO found in Article 24 paragraph 6 of GATT rules. Says re-imposition of protective measures at border whether tariff or non-tariff must give rise to compensation via negotiated concessions
They certainly wouldn't dream of resigning the Whip and standing as the anti-Brexit candidate. That would be far too high a price for behaving honourably, and with principle.
take it to general election let the people chose there seats in parliament after lies to the queen best way then saves having 2 votes when it can be in the election process the Brexit why vote twice when general election would be 1 vote not 2
Collection of worthy thoughts from former/current UK For Secs. But likely that for post-Brexit govt, it will resemble Chinese restaurant menu as ministers pick from different columns. Fantasy that impoverished govts will up military/diplomacy budgets.
what motivates you? Certainly not the welfare of the UK! So what? Greed? Pure selfish hubris? Personal grudge? Or just maniacal obsession? #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitSaveBritain
REPORT: Anti-#Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from #EU bad_apps
DRY VEGAN January preparing Nation for post Brexit diet.
After listening to him speaking on I defy anyone, anyone to explain and ‘s policy on Free Movement in a post-brexit Britain. Or indeed, anything he has ever said or says about his for the many Brexit. #Brexit #brexitshambles #leadershipneeded
White Women Wore Hoodies to a Tennessee Mall to Prove Its Hoodie Policy Only Targets Black Men #WWG1WGA #AutoTech #life #God #Constitution #DueProcess #MAGA #2A #blexit #brexit #GiletsJaunes #exposedeepstate
#Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter bad_apps #economy
We should have the Tripe folk sorting out Brexit
Perhaps someone could educate Luara and explain that as 17.4 million voted for Brexit that is what Britain stands for
Great overview here before Tuesdays big vote...
Brexit has brought out all the closet racists
‘Abuse of Anna Soubry is proof of rising fascist propaganda’
Dear Sadiq, you missed the point: that is what #Brexit already *was*: taking the issue away from politicians and returning power to the people. The people wanted out of the EU. Period. The "mess" is because incompetent politicians won't cede power back to the people... ever.
Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn trying to have #Brexit on their terms.... i wish Guy Fawkes was still around...
Even a paralytic on a bad day can run rings around this utter #shambles of a #Tory government. They and they alone are responsible for this #Brexit shambles #ToryFail We need #Society not #Ideology. #Hope not #Hate. #Solidarity not #Division. #VoteLabour.
He's talking a load of Warnock's.
Another symptom of Brexit: a private school with 600 places offering "the best British education" just opened in Frankfurt, for kids whose parents get transferred from London
Alf Garnett on Twitter
Yet another #Brexit bonus???
Nice to hear someone talking sense on Brexit. Well done Neil
Damn you Wizzard! You got your wish! Brexit means it's Christmas every day!
Britain, we stand with you. Fight for your freedom. Godspeed
I'm no business man, but surely this Brexit is easy. Invest in Britain. British built 5% Tax, Foreign 25% Tax. We won 2 World Wars, not Europe.
Get him in charge of brexit!
Especially if you stand to profit from it unlike the 99% of us (and continue to be able to dodge taxes outside EU law).
I think the only mad anti-EU lie I haven't heard recently is that the #EU wants to get rid of the #Queen. Give it a few days #brexit
Not with the eu puppet spineless morons we have in Westminster. .
Grayling's argument paraphrased: These people voted to destroy the country, sure, but if we don't destroy it a little bit at least they are going to get really angry and rise up to create populism like in the continent.
Absolutely right
This kind of attitude is alarming. No difference between him and a hate preacher.
Don't know if you know this, but a lot of UK businesses sold it's soul abroad before Brexit was ever thought of.
But both are far worse than when this Brexit madness started. Have you ever considered the impact of your actions on real people who rely on simple things like jobs and aren't protected by huge family wealth......
Thanks Brexit
Corbyn (born 1949) isn't just yesterdays man he is a protest politician from the cold war era. IRA and Muslim extremist sympathiser who has a Marxist as a shadow Chancellor and thinks Diane Abbott is an accetable minister. Dangerous.
On Tuesday there is a strong chance that May's government could be ousted if her Brexit deal is rejected by MP's. So what is Labour MP John Mann going to do? yes, that's right, he's going to vote with the Tories. It's time these right wing Labour MP's were kicked out of the party
Wealthy 70 year old English man in support for brexit shocker
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
Give up with brexit related tweets after the torrent of abuse I've received. Not from yourself, I must add.
. all not surprising. Clear evidence that #EU2016ref was disorderly, normal result: 52% percent.#May as Conservative leader wants a BREXIT with 15-20% economic loss? Bringing Scottish independence? and new civil war in Irel.? NoDeal=disaster
The irony of Neil Warnock’s #Brexit rant “ To hell with the rest of the world “. In a press conference of the world’s most televised football league , a Visit Malaysia sign at a club owned by Malaysians
Jamie Carragher &amp; silver-fox Jurgen Klopp or Mr Warnock. Decisions... decisions....
Time for Brits to grow some Katie Hopkins, Tommy Robinson and Nigel Farage Sized Balls and take your Country back. Stop waiting for someone else to do it for you!!! These Globalist Psychopaths are Destroying your Country!!
The British Prime Minister is trying to ram through a total surrender deal which will reverse Brexit for ever - written by the EU gang, &amp; handed to their puppet May with orders to sell it. That is how low we have sunk as a nation.
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
I'm not surprised at his age!
Not going to work scumbags
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances I think extended needs to he added to this too, but sign if you agree with the petition
A panel of pro and anti Brexit football managers chaired by Fiona Bruce. Lovely, lovely stuff.
He is totally irrelevant as May controls Brexit policy.He has no idea what will happen next week. Is this the way to govern such an important nation? We are looked upon in Europe with a mixture of amusement and pity..
A blatant liar trying to stop Brexit despite him sayingthat he'd respect the referendum result. Treacherous Member of Parliament and say, there are hundreds more like him.
No, leaves main promise was 350mil pw for the nhs, I’m asking where that money is? It has been made clear where it’s coming from after brexit, it was such a crucial part of the leave campaign and I don’t understand why they’re not talking about it anymore? Unless it was a lie?...
You're saying you think that if Labour won a putative GE they would indeed pursue Brexit? If that's true (and it's shameful that I can't tell whether it is or not) then I would not be able to vote for them.
Everyone who argues that No Deal or WTO terms Brexit wouldn't hurt this country, needs this tweet thrown at them immediately.
"To hell with the rest of the world". This must be that optimistic 'Global Britain' outlook Brexiteer MPs have been telling us about? ps. Are there many more multicultural workplaces than a Premier League football club?
No more than click bait!!! All MP's who have indicated they will support vote
We had a great response outside Queen’s Park Famers Market this morning. Lots of signatures on our petition calling for a . The vast majority agree with that the only way to overcome the #Brexit deadlock is for people to be given a #FinalSay.
There is a growing argument that with governments in Austria, Hungary, Poland, Italy trying to resist some of the excesses from Brussels, revoking Article 50, keeping our rebate and staying in the EU would be far better for the UK #Brexit
The state of BBC presenters....pissed off cos their Brexit dreams are on the fade.
So what? Brexit needs to stop being labelled as some war against anyone not from the UK. Brexit is about leaving a bloc of banking elite. Even others is Europe will follow, in fact you should be ashamed of your uneducated self for even implying this!
Fantastic article by
HOPE
Warnock got a clue
Robert, I agree with that. But ultimately, surely. It’s about policies of the 2 parties. Surely labour as a whole have got to be better. I appreciate all the negatives, and it’s a horrible choice. But we’ve had this lot for 18 years, a UN report on poverty and Brexit etc etc.
And it is labelled in many different ways including “socialism” in disguise.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy #unitedkingdom
Michael Gove has his say on Tory Brexit rebels: ‘They’re like 50-year-olds at the end of a disco, who have turned down other offers and are waiting for Scarlett Johansson to come along.’
Would you mind pointing me in the direction of where is offering a grown up alternative. He wouldn't recognise an alternative to Brexit if it hit him in the face. He is anti EU read his political history.
Brexit deregulates the economy, undermine rights, and ends free movement. All cultural twits involved in this trade statute of sufferers is a turd! #Brexit
Just the same as the Democrats and their likkle resistors in America
Brexit is a smokescreen for Tory ineptitude. No matter how bad things are the Tories will say it’s not theirs fault.
I just find this...as someone who follows Brexit really closely...totally illogical. Why can't we just leave, sort out the agreements already made with compromise and trade just like everyone else does outside the EU. 163 countries trade happily outside the EU. Being sold a lie.
Maybe should stick to football as well
Beltway Insider: Trump/Pols at Odds, Border Wall, Rep’s Gone Wild; Brexit Looms; Stalking
Presenter talks to about #Brexit, #Newsnight and the reason he believes he’d never have landed Question Time
Brexit brings surprise boost for Bulgarian resorts.
Ahead of vote, #UK PM May warns it would be #catastrophic to halt #Brexit
Well, there you have it Scotland! Labour supports: Brexit The Union Trident Austerity The Bankers The Monarchy The House of Lords In other words...The Status Quo! It’s time for Scottish self determination! It’s time for a different direction! It’s time for Independence!
Pay attention "Gary lineker" someone who knows more about football &amp; Brexit than you'll ever will in your insignificant life.
Brexit - Europe without the UK
FTAs will not fill the void of leaving the single market. Don't just take my word for it.
Forget even trying for a harmful brexit - the UK deserves an 'incompatible' brexit!
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit #usnews
Loves Sunderland this lad
I've just watched the Corbyn #marr interview. In the space of a couple of minutes he said: 1. He wasn't against FoM. 2. FoM will end after Brexit. 3. FoM is up for negotiation. What a joke! #MarrShow
It is time to forget the games and do what is right for our country, says Theresa May
The discrediting begins....
Brexit explained: what happens when the UK leaves the EU? via
Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
They were indeed pretty bad, and with a new ECB president coming, this is concerning
They may debate it but the establishment already know the outcome of Brexit. They don’t want to leave, never had any intention of leaving and never will. They are full of shit and a disgrace. We must ensure these idiots are removed from office next election!
Next to Mr Abe, Mrs May pledged to build on the trade agreement between Japan and EU to secure an “ambitious bilateral arrangement” Japan/UK after Brexit
#TheNetherlands: The Dutch government has announced how it will administer the status of U.K. nationals in the #Netherlands in the event of a “no-deal” #Brexit. #nodeal #UK
I avoid spoons since finding out the owner is a massive Brexit wanker.
The Irish For: Brexit and the rise of Hiberno-English [ ]
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
Hey Moe I think I got Brexit all figured out! Nyang nyang nyang
Brexit Britain timeline: 2016 - Sunlit Uplands. 2017 - Easiest trade deals in history. 2018 - Adequate food. 2019 - Enough calories.
New post (Theresa May warns of catastrophe if UK lawmakers don’t back Brexit deal) has been published on Buzzort -
Brexit is the future, so Warnock is actually forward-thinking on the subject.
I can't separate May and Corbyn. Both in the same camp regarding Brexit. Both saying the same things about Scottish Independence. Different cheeks, same arse. #Brexit #DissolveTheUnion #indyref2
It will be hilarious when #corbyn goes Brexit What is anna soubry gonna do ?call everyone Racist and fascists ..
The once-promised &amp; desperately needed Platforms 15 &amp; 16 at #manchesterpiccadilly which have seemingly been cancelled by the bloke who signed 'Just Eat' up to run an imaginary Ferry service to ports that can't accept it. #failinggrayling #nationalrail #Brexit
New post: Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal Ministers must clarify the UK'
Just a quick one. After Brexit, will English teams still participate in the UEFA champions league?
FusionCentres ANTI-Patriots, Patriots anyone against the #UN #Globalism or anything they're illegally up to. 1% Bankers UN NWO Anti-Patriot FusionCentres We don''t spy on Citizens just ANTI-GOVERNMENT patriots. #auspol #Brexit #UK #MAGA #NZ
I am so sorry you both go through this. I’m ashamed of what this country has become - Brexit seems to have legitimised casual racism and given it the courage to show its ugly face!
Can we please change the name Brexit to F*ck U
Who could have ever expected this?
FHS Brits, just do a Fast Clean Break Brexit on WTO Rules and all will be well. Instead of gloom/doom forecasts to scare up support for her Fake Brexit Plan, the PM should buckle down to competently managing a real Brexit on March 29 and beyond.
MPs Attempting to Wrest Control of Brexit! #PrimeMinister #Youtube...
Nah, I’d just blame that on racism
Seriously! #Atiku #AtikuPlan #Atikulated
I think undemocratically reversing brexit will do incredible harm to public stability. I don't think it's possible to democratically reverse brexit as polling numbers are roughly the same as before the '16 vote and once you start the hate-train going it will be '16 all over.
Cardiff FC manager Neil Warnock said to "hell with the rest of world" as he admitted he cannot wait for Brexit
nonsense. Literally.
Pensioner, loaded, completely unaffected by impacts of Brexit.
The last few years have taught us so much. Most of our MP's are NOT DEMOCRATIC ! #Brexit has revealed that "WE LIVE IN A DICTATORSHIP"
Don't know how that will go down with his dressing room. Especially the foreign players...
And I'm sick of MPs calling me reactionary,right-wing &amp; racist for voting for Brexit. Moron.
These people have been there, but Trump and Brexit have empowered them.
It's so difficult though as its not Corbyn's Labour, just a hostile take over. But I can no longer vote Labour unless they oppose Brexit and preferably without him.
My friend I am sincere in my comments. Sarcasm in conversation is unnecessary and uncalled for. The level of vitriol shown regarding #brexit is truly saddening.
“Like brexit all over again, this is what happens when you give people the vote” -my mum when the mirror doesn’t open for someone she likes on the greatest dancer x
have been pretty vocal and organised about the actually viable option. et al. This is what consensus building looks like for an option that could unite the UK and put Brexit to bed. #CommonMarket2 / EFTA EEA FTW
F.D. Roosevelt In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing. In any moment of Brexit, the best thing you can do is WTO... the worst thing you can do is Remoan &amp; Remain
Brexit was never about cutting outselves off from the rest of the world. It was about cutting ourselves off from Unelected Socialist bureaucrats in Europe and standing on our own two feet once again.
I'm really not sure what warnock believes will be better for football post brexit.
Colin Wanker.
No deal sounds pretty good...
I hope it happens and they do go on their trip I'm just worried a No deal brexit could cause chaos around there.
Who knew how easy it was to subvert two of the longest Democratic governments in the world? Putin did. He found his quislings in both governments and played them adroitly. #Brexit and the US #Shutdown are both because he wants to sow disorder and chaos. #TheResistance
Brexit stops being Brexit the moment it is called off ... (Did I really need to type that?)
Personally, I am anti-Brexit because I believe it will do damage to North-South relations and the #GoodFridayAgreement. However, Britain voted to #leave and to disrespect the democratic will of the people is to disrespect democracy itself. #Brexit #Deal
Find out how your MP is expected to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal this week
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
Conservative MP opposing deal or probably opposing
Thank you Mayor!
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
something we can both agree with
If Bercow and the remain establishment conspire to thwart #Brexit then trust in democracy will collapse and we will be opening the Pandora’s box to fascism. #StandUp4Brexit #78DaystoBrexit
My MP is a brexit MP, so no need to write to him. Angry tweets, I often write them. Take to the streets, well that depends when the demonstration is, as I don't work normal 9-5 hours and nor do I have paid holidays.
Cannot remember the phrase, hard Brexit or soft Brexit. Just leave the European Union. That will do nicely thanks.
I'd vote for that. All mainstream parties are divided and I don't believe any could secure a working majority. A Brexit party would draw support from both Labour and Conservative voters.
Wow, so this is the mentality that looks set to shape the future of our nation....
Conservative MP opposing deal or probably opposing
This is stolen from someone but still apt. There are two types of people who support no deal Brexit multimillionaires and stupid people, if you're not sure which one you are look at your bank account.
Let`s assume for a minute, you really did vote #brexit on account of the EU`s democracy deficit. Would an EU reform with each commissioner being confirmed by the EU Parliament have swayed you into voting against #brexit?
Get this knob head off my timeline, the people who lick his rim can fuck off too!
it looks just as if might be a dangerous mendacious despot.#RevokeArticle50
Former Brexit Secretary David Davis said MPs should vote down Mrs May's deal &gt;SNP's leader , "The prime minister's got to stop threatening Parliament and indeed, threatening the whole of the United Kingdom, that it's a choice between her deal and no deal - that's not the case.
Dear yes in latest Brexit show!
Where football &amp; #Brexit collide! Luckily for won’t be in Europe next season. Sensible comments from &amp; I’m an fan! #PeoplesVote via
#Parliament is set against #Brexit
Of course they are, the referendum didn't specify the type of Brexit. It was always going to be negotiated by government. That's been done and they don't accept the result - the same as remainers who most would probably accept Norway.
Well done! I am going to vote first and if it is a strike then resign as common sense has not prevailed! I refuse to strike in this awful Austerity / Brexit climate I see it as an own goal against us and not justifiable! Nail in the coffin of Professionalism!
Seen this take so many times and it's still bullshit: 1. Why would Brexit affect a Thai billionaire? His right to reside is independent of our EU status and he's a fucking billionaire 2. Only 8 players would have their immigration status change as a result of Brexit and...
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain with move to London via #Brexit #TheresaMay #Corbyn #JeremyCorbyn #FBPE #Barnier #banks #bankling
Conservative MP opposing deal or probably opposing
There are and always have been splits in parties, nothing new. But the remoaners have been sabotaging the whole Brexit negotiations on our side. Plus a weak PM that was a remainder too. No heart in it. Labour are split because of the scum in charge.
True. Holding the ref was the first mistake, compounded by an unconstitutional promise to implement some unspecified Brexit.
On #marr this morning, Vince Cable was being generous when he said Corbyn has been 'ambiguous' on his #brexit stance. As I've said before, not since St. Augustine has a defender of the downtrodden procrastinated more.
Comedian Nish Kumar ridicules Brexit by comparing it to #GroundhogDay in epic rant #QuestionTime #comedian
Brexit means Brexit
Great #respect for the people of France! This is what’s required! If there are any doubts to the media’s corruption, how do you explain no coverage of a protest of this magnitude not being “world news”??
There is not really such a difference between 'no deal' Brexit and leaving with a deal. We know that we would soon sign deals. We know EU want to trade into UK. Timing difference only.
If #Brexit is an opportunity for the #UK majority to express their dismay at being abandoned &amp; unheard in an increasingly unequal Society, should #Article50 be delayed for an #Informed #Peoples #Vote between No Deal, Canada+, Norway+ &amp; an #Improved #Remain within a #Modified #EU?
There exists a problem with Lexit. If we apply Starmer's 6 tests to our own negotiations, I don't see how our own WA will be any better than May's. And then, if it goes to a public vote, should a Remain option exist, we have failed to deliver the promised Brexit.
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus." Martin Luther King, Jr The Observer view on Jeremy Corbyn’s need to show some leadership on Europe | Observer editorial
this is rubbish. brexit needs taking care of, and his commitment to renegotiate a better deal - with or without a vote on it - takes care of that. but people will be voting on our #nhs, housing, education, social care, investment in infrastructure and a commitment to the planet.
#LeaveEu..........GO WTO
On the contrary, I am very open to everything, curry, pizza even beans on toast.. although with that Mediterranean tomatoey sauce maybe they will become a delicatessen after brexit,
Brexit is fundamental. If we have a GE will Labour campaign for #brexit and deliver for the few?
The Funniest Anti-Brexit Protest Signs
I have never had a tax breakdown - do we all get one as its a great vehicle for talking to residents about how they contribute to society can you confirm?
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
I'm very pleased you liked it Ros; yes, happy for it to go on the LSE Brexit blog.
Michael Edwards pissing him off worth even more now. Will never let this troll have one of our players
.Absolutely
Join us there! more info here:
Have you seen this article? In case not, here it is.
Nobody said it was logical. I was referring to electoral strategy. In 2017 Labour polled highest vote since Blair with a confused, ambiguous stance on Brexit. It's vote share went up in pro-Remain London but also pro-Leave blue collar districts. What would you advise?
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter via
The Torys have given teress may a proven liar free reign to light the fires. People know when they have been had
#gbpusd ahead of the #brexit deal vote it will be interesting. Upside swing space till 1.3100 level #afxinsights
Stop #brexit first, then have a GE. Anything else is just running the clock down, and a disingenuous move by Labour Brexiteers such as
May must stay strong and deliver on Brexit - EXPRESS COMMENT
It aint populist its True Blue brainless #ProjectFear . Another childish minister who cant get what he wants 'threatens' illegality on the rest of the community by a minority.....sounds like the current #brexit situation
Quitter, you won. You own this!
BREXIT: Brexit chief Stephen Barclay utterly lost over Plan B in baffling TV interview /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
A trade deal with USA will NOT take 10 years as obama threatened. Obama was US globalist as is clinton, all told what to do by soros. So Trump will make a quick deal as will Japan. EU has to delay to stop further exits from EU
One 1 only one of the twelve 12 IT systems is up. God give me strength the Tories are not on the ball and crashing taking Britain with them. #BrokenBritain Under Tory rule.
Given ’s stance, I don’t think a general #election will make much difference. What we need is a second referendum to consider the changed circumstances or Brexit to be revoked. Labour must promise one or the other.
Adam is right. Yet may perhaps be as or more important for advocates of human rights to think about the way in which the politics are linked &amp; why &amp; what means for human rights.
If they’d wrote a song today it may add to that line “, except when it’s about Brexit” ;)
Should have gone into politics Neil. You're wasting your talents...
Unless they get the majority, which the might succeed at. MPs don't follow the party guidelines anymore when it comes to Brexit.
Not gonna lie does anyone care what he says about football yet alone politics
One thing to come out of this Brexit omnishitfest is what a Massive sense of entitlement so many brits have It really is the old empire/colonial way of thinking: “Johnny-Forriner can’t but I can and wherever I like too and he can’t do bugger all about it cos I’m a Brit” Wankers
We will be there in spirit!
Brexit means brexit
Totally agree gav I was a member of the Labour Party for many years until Corbyn bottled it over brexit.Tony Benn and Peter shaw where real democrats. you and I as a yellow vest are not so far apart.
Factbox: Britain's Brexit vote - How many MPs are backing PM May? #MockTheRight -
I liked a video Yellow Vests. Tommy Robinson. Brexit. Government Shuts "Sunday Long Live
#Brexit is for the TAX-DODGERS, the MoggERGers, BOJOs, Investment Bankers (Mays too? What's in that Blind Trust?). #Brexit is for all those #Brexiteers with massive UNEARNED incomes who want to continue to hide it in British Offshore Tax Havens.
Taking back control? #Brexit offers exactly the opposite. Whether we #Leave or #Remain is no longer the issue. Parliament is broken, and an #GE is unlikely to solve the deep divides in each Party. We need a new approach, a new system of #politics But how?
Can’t we have both?
Is Putin tired of #winning yet? Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
Piris is incorrect in my view. After brexit the viability of the agreement may decline unless we join the EFTA jurisdiction, but we leave by a127. Absent that notice the agreement continues to exist. is correct as is the Chef de Cabinet of the EFTA court.
Nathaniel Clyne's decision to 'jilt' this odious man is the most sensible transfer decision in recent years.
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Neil Warnock's views on Brexit are interesting,,,especially "to hell with the rest of the world" British stiff upper lip,,,,what what!
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal - CNBC
Labour &amp; Tory MP's who support BREXIT should form a third party in support of the country 2 oversee this mess after which &amp; once sorted 2 decide whether they remain a third party or revert back to the old ways of the 2 parties - Britain needs real people's values &amp; common sense
Mann has always been a leaver. He's not prepared to risk no Brexit at all.
Brexit will lead to more austerity and a falling tax return. If you want to address the short comings of our society you will need to stop brexit. There really is nothing more important than that.
Alternatively - described the relationship with Europe as a policy position rather than specifically “leave” or “remain” that allows a newly elected labour government a mandate to negotiate with EU AND potentially cancel brexit legitimately without a 2nd ref if unsuccessful...
If you haven’t seen it already you must watch ‘s brilliantly unflinching short animated film BREXICUTED. #brexit #racistbritain
L O N D O N is me!
The problem is, James, that Theresa May's Withdrawal Agreement is Remain Minus, when the outcome of the referendum was Leave. May's deal MUST be voted down decisively before going for a WTO Brexit so FTAs can then be negotiated. This gives certainty. The WA is a travesty.
Give Britain another Brexit referendum, says Sadiq Khan
Don’t be what guy? You’re the guy telling someone to stick to football, as if he has no right to give his opinions. Brexit has consequences for football. That’s political. That’s what he’s talking about.
Almost as sick of adverts for that Brexit programme as Brexit itself.
of course neil warnock supports brexit
They shall be conscious of the enormous mistake when the generación which vote the brexit wil no longer stey a life!!
I cannot make this Brexit meeting as I'm going heavenly desserts to see Sammy off haha
whe wants #Brexit 't get my vote #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Brexit will happen in march 2019 :)
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via ...SOROS MUST HANG FOR TREASON AGAINST EUROPE....
It is time to forget the games and do what is right for our country, says Theresa May
Brexit is not just about the economy. It’s about our democracy and keeping control. Lose that and as a nation we’re screwed. If there are some initial economic losses (as yet unproven) that is the cost we need to pay. Did Churchill not fight Hitler cos there would be costs?
Shes grasping at straws. Originally, she was never for Brexit, why do you think its taking this long, because shes just stringing everyone along, playing the public for fools. I believe if Mr was PM, we would have a deal in place.
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
Ha ha must say some funny signs going around #brexit
if brexit was a satire, it would be criticised for being too silly
Nope, it’s true. Google labour top targets. I think 18 of top 60 are in Scotland What is a so called ‘remain voter’? Either you voted remain, or didn’t. Labour supports brexit so you can’t blame remainers for disliking the messiah (notwithstanding a million other reasons)
Correct. So, should our representatives in this sovereign Parliament decide to cancel Brexit altogether, you would be fine with that, after all, it was only an advisory Referrendum, the Gvmnt acted on it, turns out it was shit. You don't need to answer that
Corbyn is so far out of his depth, sometimes it’s awkward to watch him make such simpler errors. Either he’s knowingly making these errors, or his team is terrible.
And does May’s WA equate to ‘your brexit’?
Labour MPs set to topple May’s government
Is that such a bad thing, their leaders in France have been taken custody, it hasn't stopped them. We are all waiting to see if Brexit is betrayed or not.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal - I don't know which is worse: deal-mad May or opportunistic Corbyn. The last thing we need in the midst of this chaos is a bloody general election. The last thing we need, period, is Brexit.
meanwhile the rest of us are fighting for a General election
British Yellow Vests Unite ’Left And Right’ Over Brexit And Mass Immigration- Is this the answer for the United States? Via - #NeonNettle
#brexit killed labour because there can be no labour in UK without Scotland and Scotland overwhelmingly wants to #remain
Let's not forget, this is precisely WHY we are facing this clusterfk of Brexit.
Exactly this! They’re all batshit crazy
I don't think even the Brexit side thought that would be possible! Deluded
Neither of us are dealing with "facts" - only speculation and hypotheses . You believe JC can jetitson the Labour Brexit voters and still win Downing St . I doubt that very much - up North he'd get slaughtered . In London amongst the chattering dinner party types he'd do well ..
Great to see the interview of 'thriller master' in #TheSundayExpress today for his #Brexit #EU thriller #TheManWithNoFace. Author tour this week. For info &amp; tickets: #Scotland #Brussels #Glasgow #Edinburgh #Perth #Inverness #Waterstones
Any news on that Plan B yet?
May says halting #brexit would be #catastrophic. Bullshit, like everything that escapes her mouth.
I believe they are trying to de select him in Beaconsfield
May says halting #brexit would be #catastrophic. Bullshit, like everything that escapes her mouth.
Corbyn should speak and acton this...
As distinct vestiges of the past century, #MayMustGoNow #CorbynMustGoNow UK now needs a strong inspiring leader, not a self-serving xenophobic political face. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Refreshing reading here from
MPs are being brilliantly trolled by billboards featuring their own tweets
Funny I heard JC say in same interview that he will carry out wishes of British public. That means Brexit. But then u are Tory!
Neil Warnock here, sitting in front of a 'Visit Malaysia' sign. He will be fine with it until he cant get a work permit for a new signing or is denied funds as his foreign bosses decide to leave the UK.
Signs of things to come? Pre-Brexit Sainsbury’s. #DissolveTheUnion
We want out But NOT with your Dodgy Deal WTO is the True Brexit
GONE IN 72 HOURS Theresa May ‘could be kicked out on Wednesday’ if she loses Commons vote on Brexit deal Jeremy Corbyn is planning to table a vote of no confidence in the PM after Tuesday's crunch Brexit vote
the financial year ending March 2002 when it was 0.4%. In the calendar year 2017, the UK Govt deficit was £36.2 billion (1.8% of GDP), a decrease of £21.8 billion compared with the calendar year 2016. So if it is due to Brexit that is good news, but it isn't, it is unrelated
This episode of This American Life linked it back to Gingrich. . In a UK context the decision to have the Brexit referendum was the trigger. Obviously deeper underlying contextual factors to both.
The state of the #Conservative led #Brexit process and #BrandonLewis is coming out with this tripe. The usual #bullshit, #blag, #dupe #selfinterest #Tory PR.
Ministers battle to save Brexit deal
What I don’t understand is why Parliament allowed May to write the Brexit leaving date into law thereby facilitating a slide into a chaotic exit if a deal wasn’t reached. Did they believe her No Deal is better than a bad deal mantra? Deeply irresponsible.
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
Having a PM who would willingly burn the UK to the ground when she has a choice not to is not going to work out well post brexit, deal or no deal.
Very well put
Norway option Means substantial loss of sovereignty/control UK relegated to Vassal Status &amp; Decline Its not delivering Brexit Its delivering even more national &amp; international embarrassment Public have changed their minds beyond doubt Press unmute give UK hope A Final Say Vote
The European Court of Human Rights has ZERO to do with the EU and will continue irrespective of #Brexit. It's embarrassing af that Corbyn knows so little about its genesis and that it pre-dates the EU. Yeesh.
Really? Is that in British Pounds or Dollars? With Brexit, soon 13mill in Pounds in this universe may not get you much, half a Tardis maybe. But in the parallel universe, that might work. Hang on, half a Tardis can’t get anyone to the parallel universe. Now, there’s a pickle!
2. (Cont.) And they earn in the top 1% of earners anyway. The government will let them stay and any economic downturn won't hit them 3. Their Cypriot banker is also one of the richest people in the country. Why would Brexit affect him?
Who gave us Brexit? The same party who gave us austerity. To blame Corbyn is duplicitous and quite frankly disgraceful. What part of all options on table don’t you get?
But what if they put a article based on Corbyn brexit view and then Corbyn changed his view in brexit 10 times in the next hour?
Ah, so you are unhappy with how British Politicians are handling Brexit you now want to assault a foreign national. Like I said 1930’s Germany comes to mind.
The deal which does not deliver Brexit and makes us servants of the EU. No thanks
It's not within the port of Calais's gift to determine the scale of checks on goods arriving into the EU from a 3rd country (the UK). The port of Calais must comply with EU and international law after Brexit
Well said its about time someone said what over Well over half of the country thinks. #Brexit
#PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain #BrexitChaos #Labour #Brexit Really sweet..
He works for a Brexit radio station so I don't think so. LMAO
How many people are bored of Brexit asks at a packed meeting in Plymouth. Three people raise their hands.
'[Fiona Godfrey] ... is scathing of officials’ advice to her and other British nationals that the best way to secure status is by applying for citizenship in their host country.' This was also the subtext of the Ambassador's roadshow I went to. &gt;&gt;
Failure No 3. The DexEU Negotiation Tactics: Negotiating with individual states Using the EU citizens, European Security as Bargaining Chips Having no plan for the Irish border/Asking Ireland to design the Brexit border Abdication of responsibility.
The Sky news Witch hunt continues .....
Sounds to me that you're blaming the failure of Brexit on Remain. Because you're beginning to see that what you actually get is a 70s Austin Allegro in brown with a nice ripped black vinyl roof &amp; no MOT. When you actually order a new Aston Martin. Blame anyone for your mistake
If it can be prevented by backing away from backstop then yes. I think brexit is probably intractable anyway so it's much of a muchness, but he might have to make some conciliatory noises.
Absolutely stunning discussion on the issue of English identity and how it influenced Brexit. From Anthony Burnett the need to be proudly English AND British AND European. Fascinating The Strange Passions of Brexit
If you’re a Bartender in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
If Brexit is not delivered in it's entirety the next General Elections will be a bloodbath for all MP's who have denied us &amp; failed to implement the result of the EU Ref that the British people voted for. That will include decent remain voters who accepted the result. #BrexitNow
NO, and neither is #Brexit!
Must read #brexit piece by on the ground in Calais port.
Taking back control? Brexit seems to offer exactly the opposite. “The real legacy of Brexit could be a completely different British politics and party system,”
Good luck with that.
Labour will not agree a Tory Brexit, so your premise is wrong.
What do think about #Brexit ? #ItsAFairQuestion
MoD sends planners to ministries over post-Brexit border fears | Politics | The Guardian | #Brexit #post-Brexit #trade #borders #contingencyplans
This is not news. Bloke at my work says the same, do a news piece on him, he's just as important as this no mark.
Yes let's not as it doesn't really help at this point, once it's all dust the people who engaged in criminal activity can be dealt with, but it doesn't solve the problems. The problem can be solved however by a party whose criteria for an acceptable brexit are unlikely to be met
Shocking stuff. He really should know this.
I’m not British but I have a soft spot Mogg. He’s kinda charming and looks how Americans think a British PM should. I guess he never really talks about immigration or China or anything really except Brexit. I’ll be sad if he’s really a neolib
This ad seems to be real but just like in the US 2016 elections and UK Brexit, Facebook is still allowing ads to run without transparency- be careful what you believe
John Mann is a disgrace and an embarrassment to Labour. Anything to attack attack Jeremy Corbyn. He should be deselected. #Brexit #EU
Jeremy Corbyn: We will do ‘everything’ to prevent no-deal Brexit: The Labour leader declined to say when he would lay a no-confidence motion if MPs reject the Brexit deal. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Actually, Sunday Times owner Rupert Murdoch does need manufactured hysteria, to keep the money rolling in. #Oligarchs #AltRight #journalism #FoxNews #brexit #neoliberalism
One thing to come out of this Brexit omnishitfest is what a Massive sense of entitlement so many brits have It really is the old empire/colonial way of thinking: “Johnny-Forriner can’t but I can and wherever I like too and he can’t do bugger all about it cos I’m a Brit” Wankers
It was obvious before he opened his gob Neil Warnock is a walking Brexit. Mrs Doubtfire looking motherfucker
Another great NMA conference and start to the year with such excellent and inspiring speakers and a free book on Brexit. Might need a new chapter at the end of next week! #NMAConf
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote | Politics | The Guardian If you decide the Uk isn’t for you and move abroad you have made a choice. You can keep your rights by applying for citizenship.
Parliament need to save Britain from the English!! We didn’t vote for it. Neither did NI. Nor London!! Time for change. #DissolveTheUnion #IndyRef2
Just quoting the Telegraph of 28th MARCH 2017: 'Boris Johnson has backed calls to sweep away decades of "burdensome" #EU regulations after #Brexit as he "applauded" a campaign by The #Telegraph to slash red tape.'
I have voted Conservative for 50 years, never again. The whole political scene has changed, no longer for the country but for business and their masters EU. How did we loose our trust in them we looked around and found this is no more the GB we loved but an invasive element.
If it “....changes nothing of substance...” it is not worth having.If this treaty is signed it will be rescinded by a future government hard as that is for the EU and their ratchet approach to treaties to understand.
Very impressed with your stance on Brexit today Rob. #CleanBrexit
As the man said. Get on with it and get us out.
We're tired of your games.....it's not flaming Monopoly, you are playing with peoples lives!
Carragher &amp; Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit via
. Clear evidence that #EU2016ref was disorderly, normal result: 52% #Remain. #May as Conservative leader wants a BREXIT with 15-20% economic loss? Bringing Scottish independence? and new civil war in Irel.? NoDeal=high cost;#MayDisasterMarch
MPs must vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal in large enough numbers to kill it forever via
1950s - women resident in Italy were invited to work in mills located in Britain, and so to live here permanently. 2019 - those women must apply for the right to remain resident in post-Brexit UK Our family so shocked, we had to write it down! Why ?
Got a better solution that doesn’t involve stopping Brexit?
. prepares for Brexit. considers the implications with comments from founder of
Peston, best friend of 'peoples vote' snake oil head Roland Rudd, is a fawning lickspittle for the EU, right at the head of the British media Establishment.
I held back on commenting before I saw the video. In that little speech Neil Warnock epitomises the worst aspect of Brexit. The arrogance, the glibness, the lack of understanding. King Gammon is crowned.
your leader's understanding of Brexit negotiation is up there with the of Dominic Raab
For years and years and years. Mays Brexit deal is just the beginning.
I ask you again ..Please stand behind your leader on his Brexit stance it is fair &amp; makes sense ..If not ? This type of Racist filth will prevail !
Tweets of the Week: Brexit transport, migration, and US downgrades EU
In more positive #Brexit news: it's encouraging that the number of plusses after Canada seems to have settled at three.
Your very few front benchers are totally at odds with tour members and your voters over #Brexit You work for the few, not the many. Resign! #CorbynOut for #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit #marr
When you're for/against a variety of things, but forget to clarify which is which.
Shut up, Major, your opinion is only your opinion and has no value.
I know that I hate the thought that brexit will actually take place have been supporting everything I can to stop it
Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Leaving EU on WTO Terms vía
BREXIT RESPECT DEMOCRATIC VOTE OUT MEANS OUT NO DEALS PROTECT OUR COUNTRY FROM JUNKER THE DRUNKARD AND POISON TUSK.
Narrator: it's not
I regret to tell you that this is not what the govt has planned for you. If nothing changes, no referendum is held, you might end up with May deal Brexit. Another vote is not only a chance for remainers.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
Liars the whole damned lot of them. If Brexit is delayed/stopped how the hell can any sane person vote for these frauds again!! #BrexitBetrayal #DrainTheSwamp #OliverCromwell #Brexit
and Dominic Grieve are a lot worse than saboteurs and their treacherous behaviour towards the British electorate will not be forgotten or forgiven should #Brexit be thwarted.
#bbcqt #Brexit-time v. #Newsnight Lovely Didnt catch most of it,but enough Fiona Bruce has sold her soul &amp; become a #BBC"lifer" for which she'll get a choccy medal &amp; a system-sucker epitaph She couldn't have been more of a Dimbleby clone if he had the brain to program her himself
Petition: Leave the EU without a deal in March 2019. #brexit #ukip
Nigel Farage Has Three Reasons Why Theresa May Is Right On Delivering Brexit
this alone is reason enough to cancel brexit,
Zelo Street: Michael Rosen ROASTS Rachel Riley via
So "there remains no parliamentary majority in favour of any one option"? Correct. Which means there is also no majority for the option of a second referendum. So what would be the point of Corbyn backing a second referendum? It would be a totally pointless gesture. #Brexit
Does anyone know what’s going on with Brexit? Does Theresa May and the Parliament even know what’s happening anymore?
Into the Brexit abyss
At best we’re all only guessing at this. There isn’t evidence that people have shifted all that much on Brexit. But anecdotally, for what it’s worth, there are remainers like me who will take a Labour soft Brexit with a customs union over the Tories in any configuration
via Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit Reuters World News
Will they just put the brexit deal to the bp, and stop the shite acking, ha ha?
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
Theresa May's future hangs in the balance as her Cabinet backs Brexit deal Tic Toc Tic Toc time is running out for her juncker deal imposed on us Nothern irish by dictators in brussels abandoned us
May now appeals to Allah re her Brexit Deal! Her next appeal will be to the Gardians of the Galaxy.....
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
signed
This Tuesday the British parliament will vote on the #Brexit deal. It's a deal that gives an answer to all solvable issues of the divorce, including protecting peace in Ireland and opening the doors to a healthier EU-UK relationship which has been toxic for decades.
‘This Govt will collapse’: Paul Mason’s analysis of ‘splitting Tories’ as #Brexit vote crisis looms /#PeoplesVote
All of the people involved in this won't be affected in any material way by Brexit. The world is already effectively borderless for people with their income and any additional paperwork burdens will be managed by lower earning staff anyway
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
Since the Government is not (currently) delivering its promise to honour the result of the referendum, it seems then that democracy is already dead. Solution: 1) No-deal Brexit 2) General Election 3) An undertaking by the victor to review Brexit by referendum in, say, ten years.
Nothing will change in the UK, Brexit or not, without removing the party who caused Brexit, implemented austerity and has overseen policy that's increased poverty &amp; homelessness. But then the centrists don't care because they're too wrapped in whining about one man in Labour
I am sorry but that's utter bollocks! We're in the grip of a failed government clinging on to power...please read and digest and for pity's sake stop knocking Corbyn you're beginning to sound like a closet Tory
Perhaps Momentum haven't yet told him whether Labour would back or oppose brexit in election manifesto yet!
Why do you want a GE? You simply will not win it with your Brexit stance.
You and the rest of the no goods in the commons are the only yobs, get on with delivering BREXIT! , we voted out, not out with a deal
Shit manager anyway
He may not be a dictator, but his is a dick. Jeremy Corbyn refuses to rule out Labour opposing Brexit in a snap election and declares he is "not a dictator".
Brexit is not about hating other perceived to be " foreign" - of course not. So sorry you were on the end of this.....
Brexit will destroy the Tories and deliver the UK unto Corbyn.
As a so called internationalist he really ought to know better, let’s not forget this man thinks he can renegotiate the WA for a jobs first Brexit (whatever that is supposed to mean)
PART 3: A delay in BREXIT Article 50 may be on its way via
Former BOE Governor Mervyn King accuses Theresa May’s government of “incompetence of a high order” for negotiating a Brexit deal that is the “worst of all worlds" via
I'm gobsmacked that 3 years later, we're still having to repeat these statements of the obvious.
Ladies and gents, if #Brexit had a face. This would it be #Goodafternoon.
Which would be fine if those (elected by the people) MPs did as they were clearly instructed and delivered #Brexit.
No deal mandate is referendum we’ve already had. No one voted for an EU drafted “deal” - let’s get on with a real WTO Brexit and forget about millennium bug type fantasy scare stories
There certainly will be a “catastrophic breach of trust” if you push Brexit through without a #peoplesvote 1st referendum was based on lies and illegal acts - it cannot be allowed to stand as “The will of the British people”
The PM can not respect a MP only the local party can
Here we go now: a piecemeal admission that in principal a deal is the desired #brexit outcome. And: thx for not quoting the - at least for once.
This deal has tried to compromise between both remain and leave which can be highly commended. Yet by using this deal we will be half in half out the EU laws without any way of changing the EU for the better. EU needs reform but how can we change it with no power inside. #Brexit
Highlight of the season so far. All the snowflake remoaners need to pipe down and get on with it
It is but this is more than a 'bad' deal. It is a bad confidence trick.
Only so you make a load of money! You are desperate for BREXIT for your own gain - nothing else
One thing Brexit has been good for. It has educated people as to what the EU and its institutions are and what they stand for. Something which during the 40 odd years of membership should have been taught in schools and not by the tabloids.
I think 62% of voters might disagree with you? Also NI votes remain and have their own conditions for Brexit, but Scotland doesn’t. It’s not an independent country either is it?
Corbyn is a complete waste of time. If we do Brexit it will be his fault and the likes of McDonnell, McClusky and Abbot. Seriously look at the state of them. Look at the labour Home Secretaries like Morrison, Jenkins, Callaghan, Rees, straw and tell me Diane Abbott cuts it.
Your very few front benchers are totally at odds with your members and your voters over #Brexit You work for the few, not the many. Resign! #CorbynOut for #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit #marr
So Jean-Claude Juncker is to write to British MPs to reassure them about the 'Irish backstop' after #Brexit . Let us remember his words from the past: "When it becomes serious, you have to lie," #StandUp4Brexit
I figure I’ve either killed off the team by using homeothapy instead of real medicine (can’t blame Brexit) or I’ve left (totally Brexit) Unless I got an offer from Dumbarton FC, then I wouldn’t leave so there must have been dark arts at work
Fully agree as I active Boycott #Brexit supporting companies and invest now in the EU instead of the FTSE
Neil Warnock: Selfish prick, coming to the end of his life, who has made his fortune in an industry 100 per cent dependent on freedom of movement. #colin #brexit
The Brexiters are lashing out in all directions now ..... soon they'll turn in on themselves I guess as they search for more candidates to blame for the farce that is Brexit. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
If ever you needed another reason to bin Brexit just think about being of the same opinion as Neil Warnock!
The devil is always in the details, but he should know better. And he doesn’t. #BusinessAsUsual
Stick to football management old man
If this is the case why did you complain in a letter to Theresa May in Dec 2017 that the EU were playing hard ball by planning for a no deal Brexit? Honestly Mr Davis you have no credibility !
The Labour leadership’s pretence that they can negotiate a #Brexit that maintains the “exact same” benefits of EU membership while curtailing freedom of movement is sheer fantasy.If Lab support Remain resulting winning over SNP &amp; Lid Dem voter &amp; into No10
Chris Greyling one of the most incompetent Tory Mps ever. #GetTheToriesOut .#JC4PM2019
It’s just #Tory gobbledygook like anything to do with #Brexit
Exhibit One Million re some basic issues with EU-perception vs reality in UK.
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit | The Independent #StrongerTogether
If you want Brexit (No Deal) and there was s a General Election who do you vote for? Is there any point voting?
"The real legacy of Brexit could be a completely different British politics and party system" Seats should match votes, for a start. #ProportionalRepresentation #MakeVotesMatter
This is the week when Britain will – finally – define Brexit |
A better argument for remain would be to stop those far right governments not allying with them.
Not a great analogy. In the Westminster Brexit game, if both teams play badly the stadium will collapse, causing carnage among the spectators.
1) There si still many people that want Corbyn (true or not?) 2) I was surprised when JMcDonnell said the other day that we had to stop Brexit. I am hopeful that, after the vote and failing to get a GE, JC will go for a #PeoplesVote. That doesn't mean that I believe it...
As if sol and Ian make white boy list!!!!!!! Be back sent back init
What is £39 billion ? The Government could pay every person who voted #Brexit all 17.4 million of em £2,000 each. Cost £34.8 billion and still have £ billions left over. wants to give it to the EU..not you. Ask why ? Viva #Brexit
There are dozens of experts who have all said that the Labour policies do not require leaving the EU. The certain with Brexit is that we will be poorer, have worse prospects trade wise, and take rights away from UK citizens. Which is at odds with Labour's usual stance of care.
Singapore hedge fund bets on Brexit Britain
BREXIT: Pro-Brexit rally 'organiser' was jailed for an armed kidnap plot /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote via
Shocking scenes of police brutality coming out of #France. This is where the #EU project has taken us. Protesters being brutalised in Paris, protesters being arrested by political police in London. #FranceProtests #GiletsJaunes #Brexit
IF THERE IS NO BREXIT, I WILL NEVER VOTE AGAIN!
There are no downsides to Brexit?
Or Remain?
Theresa May MP: Give the 2 million disenfranchised young people a vote on Brexit via
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over #Brexit plan B
With him and his stance on Brexit the Tories are likely to have a landslide victory in the next general election!
Shhh. We’re not mentioning the ECHR so that Brexiters get a nice surprise that we’re still in it, after Brexit
The Labour manifesto 2017 said we respected the outcome of the referendum,’said Jim Fitzpatrick. In which case, ‘we need to recognise that the danger of no deal is still there and that the only real alternative on the table is the prime minister’s deal’
Post Brexit it will probably be magic beans
"Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit"
There are no guarantees in this Brexit scam so why hasn’t the public rioted yet?
How to get Brexit back on track when the Withdrawal Agreement is rejected by MPs via
BREAKING: REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU
Movie-set #Brexit: at first glance it looks exactly like a real country until you take a peek round the back and discover it's all just cleverly-painted facades.
"..every morning I flick on the news, desperately hoping to see some change, some progress, some indication that life in the UK for an EU national is no longer the path of uncertainty." wrote a poignant article about her experience of life after Brexit. #InLimbo
One word? How about LIARS?, CHEATS?, UNTRUSTWORTHY? SCAMMERS?, TRAITORS? if Brexit is not delivered as people voted for I see any of the above and more being levied against all who oppose the will the the British voters! YOU OBEY US NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND!! #NoDeal #OutNow
Of course-you have been duped by #UnionistLies constantly delivered to #BritishNationalists by its MSP’s &amp; MP’s regularly particularly on social media You guys are the Minority in Scottish Constitutional matters #TheUnion can’t deliver a sustainable economic plan EVER #Brexit
SUPERB article
Am I the only one a bit scared about applying for a job in the UK due to #Brexit (and despite the enjoyable time I spent there)? I don't even know whether I can trust the job specs to be applicable after March.
It might be prudent to wait until May fails to come up with a plan B, once the DUP see that she is still flogging the dead deal which includes the hated backstop they will be more inclined to vote with labour to oust the Tories #Brexit #Politica #leader #news #Marr
I'm a remainer (on the basis that the far right want Brexit because they can destabilise this country for their own gain), but I'm so sick of seeing unbelievably shitty arguments for why Brexit is bad
Bernard, I admire you I really do but let’s start being realistic please. There is absolutely no way, that the Govt is going to allow a No Deal Brexit. Grieve, Bercow and the rest of the traitorous shysters are conspiring as we speak against the will of 17.4m voters.
This has nothing to do with Brexit. He would still be speaking that rubbish if there was a remain majority or a leave majority.
I will never vote for you as long as your support Brexit. You have let us down.
Remainers don't want Brexit managed they want it stopped dead. They won't be happy until we adopt the Euro, join the EU army and have Blair installed as the President of United States of Europe.
‘We're reactivating the people’s army’: inside the battle for a hard Brexit the legend
Kind of destroys your previous comments about how Brexit will destroy our farmers, doesn't? We told you it won't. But you liars in mainstream media continue your lies to the public.
As long as you save more than the cost of stamp duty, solicitors fees, moving costs, rent etc. are more than the house price difference before and after. And hope that Brexit doesn't get cancelled and house prices boom, and you're left looking like a dick.
Worried about Brexit? This should realign your worries after reading this! Now it's clear to see how far UK Gov will go to cover their spineless backs. Look at how their treating families
#Brexit in a nutshell.
Take whatever Brexit is on offer, the brexit Corbyn wants, and try to appear disappointed. 'If only we were in power' They will enjoy the chaos with no accountability.
Just hours now for the MPs to help the #Citizens of the #UK and ditch #TheresaMay and her #Brexit deal and recommend an alternative either of a #PeoplesVote or a #GeneralElection the last 2 years have been a complete disaster for this country! #Omnishambles
If you care about fighting Brexit, Labour is not the right party. Also - Brexit will seriously weaken the NHS.
No hope for with MPs like you. #Brexit is not going to go well for your voters... you know that.
Neil Warnock on Brexit: 'I can't wait to leave'
Your very few front benchers are totally at odds with your many members and your many voters over #Brexit You work for the few, not the many. Resign! #CorbynOut for #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit #marr
But it was made in a campaign of lies and it hasn't worked out, people can change their mind. We'll gladly take highly qualified Daleks in Canada, but not those who voted for Brexit.
Or is the real reason that you won’t to stop brexit is because you feel insulted??? And the side you wanted to win lost??? Basically you don’t believe we will won’t believe able to feed our families or you would have left already wouldn’t you ?????
Because it doesn't solve the problem. And nothing is solved until Brexit is solved.
2/ In this section of the interview, Corbyn was saying that Labour would preserve human rights protections after Brexit, including the European Convention on Human Rights and the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights. This should be welcomed
Many friends and colleagues ask me about Brexit and how it will affect me. The answer is always that we don't know yet. But here are some examples of how over a million lives may be disrupted depending on what happens in the coming months.
WTO = World Trade Organization, an intergovernmental organization begun in 1995 that regulates international trade.
TheLabour manifesto 2017 said we respected the outcome of the referendum,’said Jim Fitzpatrick. In which case, ‘we need to recognise that the danger of no deal is still there and that the only real alternative on the table is the prime minister’s deal’
Good idea, all in one!
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote | Politics | The Guardian |
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
I regularly read the ghastly LibDemVoice, so you don't have to. The LibDems can't agree amongst themselves on Brexit or anything, except how wonderful they are.
I voted reamin mate, can’t see your point. Brexit is a mess. Corbyn wants to leave the EU, he also wants to be the PM and will do and say anything to get that, which I can’t blame him. Labour are split, he playing everyone off against each other.
Taken from a spectator article, think you’ll find the final figure is 394m “This means, much to Hammond’s rage, that the famous Brexit bus pledge is to be honoured “
Germany and France have always been keen on an EU army and the UK has prevented that for many years. If we leave we can't stop it #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #politics #PeoplesVote #VeniceConvention #SNP #EU #Juncker #Tusk
"Opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'"
If you want to remain then Labour is the only party that is likely to deliver it but they won't do it by simply refusing to engage,they will take the leavers at their word that a beneficial brexit deal is possible and genuinely attempt to get it, but they won't do it if it isn't
The only #Brexit is a #NoDealBrexit
long live warnock....long live brexit.
I didn't see you making that point. I posted a comment to OP that #Brexit didn't create far-right but it gave them voice.
Pure whataboutism. The question is not “what would labour do on austerity”, it’s “what would labour do on brexit” and the official policy line is ... who knows.
Is Brexit the result of post-imperial arrogance? via
Failure Number 4: Chequers The legacy of Failure Number 1. The UK Customs choices become untenable given the Irish dimension of Brexit. Neither Max Fac nor Customs Partnership are feasible. Boris and Davis resign in hissy fits.
It's mind boggling but then my parents voted for Brexit and are still for it despite my best efforts to convince them off the error of their ways. Nothing seems to penetrate the willful ignorance.
Appreciate telling the story of Brits in EU27, but for once could we please show Brits in Spain that are not retired! Respect to my fellow pensioners, but we are only 30% (or 25% in the EU as a whole)!
Warnock being pro Brexit is the least shocking news I have ever seen
70% of our GDP is financial services, banks are already planning moving to mainland Europe, after a no deal Brexit they will have no choice but to leave. We can just go bankrupt actually and it has an immense effect on the majority of the population.
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
Stephen Barclay's intelligence and skill will always be measured by the committee meeting in which he thought #Brexit Day was 31 March. Let's hope he wasn't planning any last-minute moves. #StopBrexit
Ruth Lea is a member of the advisory committee of the tax payers alliance which is such a powerful right wing lobby group that probably has to do what its told. As it does with other Eurosceptic groups as does #skypapers
Wow. you have to watch this-largest protests to date in France. Is this the end of globalism?
Why are Brexit pundits so naive. This has to go down as the worst ever analysis ever.
He means from a political view not a professional one. The two don’t really equate to one another. You can still want Brexit and have had enough but still work with Different nationalities. Don’t get your point
You've lost me now. "The problem can be solved however by a party whose criteria for an acceptable brexit are unlikely to be met." I expect you meant *can't*. But who are you talking about? The Tories or Labour? You could apply that to both of them.
I’ve shared the hell out of #davidlammy’s brilliant speech. So many people have said ‘he captures exactly how I feel about #brexit’ Stand down Corbyn. This is a true Labour leader.
Sadly, Angela, thanks largely to Jeremy and your party being pro-Brexit instead of pro-People’s Vote, you would lose any general election hands down...and deservedly so.
If you have the capacity to digest yet even more bullshit about BREXIT and the calibre of people championing it. The lady picks fights with everyone. And is a Fox News contributor
Well said. Grieve , Sourberry , Dynalogy etc can’t accept it !!
Your very few front benchers are totally at odds with your many members and your many voters over #Brexit The fact is that you work for the few, not the many. Resign! #CorbynOut for #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit #marr
Very much support this compromise to get the country out of this mess without ruining the economy or triggering a poisonous referendum. Clear to me that this the Nor-way to go on #Brexit.
is only looking out for himself and momentum or else he would be trying to stop BREXIT
People like this are the reason why we shouldn’t have been given the vote in the first place ffs
May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit
TheLabour manifesto 2017 said we respected the outcome of the referendum,’said Jim Fitzpatrick. In which case, ‘we need to recognise that the danger of no deal is still there and that the only real alternative on the table is the prime minister’s deal’
Waste of time. Brexit can't be stopped.
EMPTY WORDS, you damn well know we have a deal, IDIOTS like you just have to vote for it. When the next election comes around, I can see some politicians being judged on their reactions to Brexit. Seats will be lost.
I think it's at least partly to blame for Labour's Brexit paralysis. Majority of members and voters doesn't translate to northern constituencies that voted leave, and that's clearly freaked them out. Proportional system would likely make that less of a problem for them
FFS, there's a void in govt over Plan A. As for Plan B...who knows
If you are from the US, don't! Not with these ideas! UK maybe, but the Brexit referendum did not show your best "general intelligence". However, if Corbyn comes, please save yourself and make the "step"!
The cost of a bad decision now is too great. Please, stop and think I have never voted Tory in my life (and doubt I ever will) but I agree with this article by John Major 100%.
He was asked a specific question about the impact of Brexit on player transfers. IMO he should have kept his answer short &amp; to the point of the question. Instead he went on about his personal view on Brexit as a whole which I don’t think was appropriate.
#Brexit brings surprise boost for Bulgarian resorts
No Deal means just what you say, Peter. Just leave the EU with no entanglements of any sort, then negotiate with any countries we choose. This is what most countries do.
Brexit: The Uncivil War (2019) is a dramatised portrayal of the campaign leading to the brexit referendum. Shows how political campaigns are managed to target voters using ads on social media.
Open to correction, but why doesn't Theresa May tell parliament that if the #brexit deal, the only one achievable through negotiations, doesn't pass there will be a referendum between remain and no deal?
He says accelarate cos he knows damn well that the rest of the EU has been planning for a no deal #brexit for months.
Let's change that to No Brexit is better than any Brexit. There, fixed it.
John Major: The cost of a bad Brexit decision now is too great. Please, stop and think | News | The Sunday Times
and STOP #Brexit???
Because a huge amount of the prevote pro-Brexit propaganda was about stemming the tide of immigrants and lies about middle easterners 'streaming' into the country. Appealing to the racists.
What are you talking about, you imbecile? We found out how to win a brexit referendum in June 2016.
‘if Labour enables May’s Brexit, history will not forgive the party. Voters will rightly hold the whole political establishment accountable for a withdrawal deal that will inevitably make Britain into a rule-taker, jeopardise the union and make people poorer’
Lord, help us!
'There was a referendum, what can she do? Putin tells May Brexit – video #HolocaustMemorialDay #MLK #GrenfellTower
But we're meant to accept these totally different people with completely different views into our communities. And then wonder why there's segregation. FFS, they still believe in public stonings in the middle East. Our children are in danger. #BREXIT
Theresa May #wtf #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit 363
MP's of any worth who supports BREXIT ought to decide before it is too late to come together from other parties and create a third political party - Corbyn would not win and MAY is going out the back door (finished) &amp; the British People would have what they voted 4 &amp; exit EU
#Bercow's secret 'kill #Brexit plot' with #Tory saboteur Grieve. We should dump #Bercow as speaker and ensure that there is no peerage. We should also deselect #Grieve
Labour may think they can come up with a manifesto that answers in their mind the reasons we voted for Brexit but with all the spin we have had to endure they must deliver Brexit because we won the right to free ourselves from unelected globalists, that must be still there.#WTOis
Not a chance with your Brexit stance.
More dangerous than Brexit.
This is EXACTLY what I understood Leave to mean and is what I voted for on 23rd June 2016.
What's it got to do with Brexit?
to the extent they say anything h/t for the tweet, Jack
Your policy isn't #Brexit either. Both and have gone against their promises to the electorate. Over 80% voted for parties committed to Leaving the single market and customs union. You both have betrayed the 52% !
How have they sabotaged the negotiations they've had nothing to do wihh them, maybe it's the fact we've had 3 different "brexit ministers" also also if you're going to resort to calling people scum then there is no reason continueing this conversation
A crunch Brexit vote is coming that could trigger even more political chaos
Brexit: Labour and Tory Remainers prepare to unite to REVOKE date of leaving EU
Clueless #gammon
John Major: The cost of a bad Brexit decision now is too great. Please, stop and think | News | The Sunday Times
I’m gonna have to start rooting for Cardiff
Labour MPs like are in a tough spot in leave constituencies, but voters were lied to, and angry after years of austerity. MPs must speak directly to this, as in ’s recent speach: ‘Brexit is a con, a trick, a swindle, a fraud.’
‘This government will collapse’: Paul Mason’s analysis of ‘splitting Tories’ as Brexit vote crisis looms
“They had a referenderum.” A what Neil? Says it all about this ignorant, thick gobshite. #Brexit
This, coming from one of the big donors behind Leave UK which rubbed shoulders with crooks &amp; Putin &amp; which told the country so many lies. He'll make big money out of brexit. While Britain will be left destitute
Nearly 70% of people in Stoke-on-Trent voted to leave the EU. Now they serve as a warning over the dangers of another Brexit referendum via
We . the British people, rejected this and voted for #Brexit. What's different about what is offering than was for this?
The Colin Wanker Brexit Paradox
"You believe JC can jetitson the Labour Brexit voters . .. up North he'd get slaughtered " That is simply not true, based on research, duplicated, which is statistically significant. Probabilities are facts. As is ur support for dishonest policy vs making the argument.
Once a traitor to the British people, always a traitor to the British people. #Brexit
Parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit - pro-EU party leader
A crunch Brexit vote is coming that could trigger even more political chaos
Just seen ’s voiced his opinion on Brexit. If you thought your mentions exploded when you tussled with , you ain’t seen nothing yet Jamie!
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
You haven’t been watching it going on here for over two years ever since Trump announced he was running for prez only news will get internet
PS. You obviously haven't read it.
Now all of Scottish Food and Drink BEGS Parliament to stop a No deal Brexit. NO serious umbrella body with responsibility for jobs or business anywhere suggests that this is is anything other than complete lunacy, gambling with the economy and everyone’s future.
I don't want another referendum or a Corbyn government, nor Remain MP's making decisions for me. Teressa May's deal is unacceptable. We voted to Leave the EU now get on with it LEAVE!!! I have waited for 45 years for this day to arrive, going in the Common Market was wrong.
*total shocked face* #socialistsunday
The mountain made of a molehill. Fools.
Democratically elected to deliver Brexit &amp; to leave the single market &amp; customs Union, any MP who tries to block that got elected on false pretenses &amp; deserves deselection immediately. They lied to their voters to get elected &amp; do not deserve their place in parliament.
Absolutely, the same man who made up stat numbers to back up TM’s deal
Rosemary's #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Cardiff FC manager Neil Warnock said to "hell with the rest of world" as he admitted he cannot wait for Brexit
Give People a #FinalSay on Brexit Deal
Thanks to Adam for this imporyant observation. We British are being let down by our politicians. I'm not sure its simple ignorance.
No party will take responsibility for creating a situation that requires a border in Ireland. So any Brexit can only ever be a very soft Brexit. Surely everyone knew that at the time of the referendum? The British people are smart enough to understand this. ?
Just you wait and see if Brexit is denied
Warnock = Brexit Chelsea = Brexit
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Prime Minister May Faces Certain Defeat of Brexit #Brexit #JeremyCorbyn #TheresaMay #UK
Brexit was a roar for change - and Britain is capable of so much more than this via
the only game in town right now is brexit, and despite ‘playing a clever political game’ (i.e. corbyn’s good at westminster politics) his seeming intransigence on this single biggest issue only fuels the ire within remainers. tory brexit vs corbyn brexit is a shit choice.
If only she would have kept Brexit MPs on board instead by trying to compromise with hard remainders she is now in no man’s land.
#BREXT Neither rhyme, nor reason (#Shakespeare, #ComedyOfErrors). May BREXIT March 2019 will be tragedy of errors, mostly for the UK's workers in Northern England, NE England. #NoDeal=very high cost for UK, also for #Netherlands, #Ireland;#MayDisasterMarch
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter via
BREXIT BRITAIN: Anna Soubry, Brexit, and the rise of antagonistic politics /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Not everyone voted for a no deal Brexit, even if they voed for Brexit. You're not the only voter in the UK.
Sad your name is WTO Brexit and you don’t have a clue. You need to do some research....
Glad he’s not pussyfooted about and said it straight .. it’s totally accurate.. we have voted and it needs doing .. us southerners need some more people like Neil .. #respect #brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Siri, show me a dinosaur. The most prehistoric one you can find...
Tory brexit, Labour refit, there is no difference. Brexit is brexit. In fact Corbyn wants no deal, makes it worse.
Spot on!!
Is anyone really surprised that dreary, boorish dullard Warnock is a Brexit supporter?
Yet still managed to be even more confusing than May on the one subject which would dominate his premiership from day one, #Brexit.
he didnt acrually say that.. he said early on that when we leave the eu f/m ends the idea corbyn can win an election on f/m is frankly ludicrous..its the main reason brexit voters voted to leave
No matter how you voted, there is no way that you can say that this does not up Brexit perfectly :
London should be like Paris, burning.
Spot on, Sam.
It gives us certainty that our great country will be shackled to the EU without any say in the rules that are imposed on us &amp; limit our ability to strike trade deals with the expanding global economy. The only real certainty is with a clean exit on WTO terms.
After some thought and given the awful actions in by the likes of Dominic Grieve its time went for a General Election and fight it on the Withdrawal Agreement or No Deal. She cannot allow MP’s to hijack #Brexit. She will win!
What’s the matter with you..... It’s not just about YOU It’s not just about BREXIT It’s also about the massive INJUSTICES the Tories have INFLICTED on ordinary people of the U.K. For goodness sake man look beyond the end of your nose!
In other news - does English football even know what it could be in for regarding Brexit?
Oi - wtf is this monstrosity? Are you intentionally trying to damage society? Really? Vegan Sausage Rolls, seriously? The most embarrassing thing since #Brexit. Need to keep the #boycottGreggs campaign going on strong. #sausageRollsLivesMatter
Anna Soubry Broxtowe 6 May 2010 – Present 1 Aug 2017 — 31 Jul 2018 Total claimed: £196,273.34 * Number of items claimed for: 213 donations and other info
General Secretary of a trades union lauds Corbyn - who will cost his members their jobs with his version of Tory Brexit. Astonishing these dinosaurs still find mugs willing to fund them...
Did the forruners steal his eyebrows?
Sooo you're saying the border thing is made up because people who covered it are ones you don't like? Maybe you might find that the fact that you ignored people you didn't like is half the reason Brexit is the mess it is, no?
Great article!
Sums it all up really
Am baffled by Paul Mason. On the same programme as Corbyn he did the papers review. Mason gave the impression that he is very Corbynite in his socialism but recognises Corbyn’s Brexit stance simply doesn’t stack up. How can Corbyn possibly sound like a future PM?
Posted...
- Allie, have the forms and guidance been published for UK businesses to make this work ?
Find out how your MP is expected to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal this week
Cardiff FC manager Neil Warnock said to "hell with the rest of world" as he admitted he cannot wait for Brexit
no I couldn't, Labour's criteria are that brexit does not leave Britain worse off, Tories criteria are that Brexit must and will happen with or without a deal whether it is good, bad or disastrous
Watched Brexit the uncivil war last night. I know a drama and maybe not entirely accurate, but highlighted how inept the remain campaign was. Also had to laugh at what a little creep it made appear, and what a bore made out to be. Both surely spot on..
Deep State Punishment for #Brexit
Don't buy newspapers. They are pure poison.
A clean Sovereign Brexit is exciting. Sense of purpose restored to the Nation. All to play for. Can't wait.
'Ask not which paper stands where on #Brexit, ask why people voted the way they did and deliver on majority vote', JFK might have advised.
Brexit is important, the defining moment of our generation. But why, like a forest fire, is it all consuming. Define the political discourse. More importantly, why has austerity &amp; this lousy, dangerous, divisive Tory Govt got away with presided over this catastrophe for so long?
Britain's retailers are taking a battering ahead of Brexit. But it's not all bad (via )
In all fairness whilst Brexit Secretary for 2 years you did pretty much nothing so it comes as no great surprise you promote the very same idea of doing nothing &amp; leaving with no deal. You’re obviously wrong &amp; deluded but I admire your consistency.
When a Sovereign Parliament refuses to debate the consequences of Brexit it fails the people that democratically elected it.
Movie-set #Brexit: at first glance we'll look exactly like a real country until you take a peek round the back and discover it's all just cleverly-painted facades.
The state of British journalism; Lies &amp; damned lies by Nick Robinson &amp; #media. #Corbyn is clear that #Labour repects EUref results &amp; will work to deliver #Brexit if in office. Given the mess by #Tory Govt and #TheresaMay, Labour prefers a #GE but all options are on the table.
Sorry but do Labour actually believe in brexit? Their beliefs arent so clear to me
Yes. But he’s not in power is he? So these everyday fuckups aren’t him. They would probably be if he was the PM, but he’s not. Check out this guy
Is it not enough that we must endure Brexit? Must we also endure having it sold to us by cast iron morons?
The Tories succumbed to the alt right by enabling the referendum. Usually the Tories manipulate the vote with fptp and dodgy boundary reviews, disengaging the electorate and relying on a low turnout to crawl over the line. They couldn't do that with Brexit vote. #SocialistSunday
Oh my…
That second home in Portugal looks good, at least until Brexit.
Don’t have a list but happy to share the many cases...here’s Corbyn whipping MPs to pass Brexit bill with no guarantees for low paid, NHS, workers rights nor the homeless. As Scouse girl blocked me for asking for evidence of her claims, kindly pass this on.
Fact, Fiction and Brexit via
I feel the same way about people who voted for Brexit - clearly delusional.
Which "Brexit" did we vote for? There were 5 or so different versions before the #frauderendum - though no mention of "no deal"! Time to recognise that leave is a con trick.
If you’re in US and have HBO this explains a lot about who Cummings is and his wrecking influence on UK politics.
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
Yer Da FC is just filled with clowns
The so-called Sec for Exiting the EU left this interview seemingly better informed than he started - Andrew #Marr repeatedly provided factual &amp; correct answers that Steve Barclay couldn't/wouldn't provide. #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote
This makes me so sad and angry! Seeing more and more racism in Sweden as well. Makes me sick!
But she doesn't want Brexit she is a lying remainer
Mr Lammy. You are still doing it. You are out of your depth on Brexit. Do something in your own constituency - tackle gangs, drugs and murders. Or is that too difficult?
Is this the end of globalism? Wow. Largest protests to date in France.
Utter, utter bullshit!!! Peoples vote goons are traitors of OUR democracy. 17:4 million voted OUT! Not for a deal. Labour are the enemy of the people
This was always going to happen, what the people they won't get without strong sustained Protests.
W H O B E N E F I T S
FFS! 1. He isn’t the authentic voice of Brexit. 2. His ‘to hell with the rest of the World’ comment appears in context to be a reference to the Japanese PM Shinzo Abe’s statement last week that: the whole World wants UK &amp; EU to avoid a ‘no deal’ Brexit’.
We already voted, and we want a no deal Brexit.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley | Opinion | The Guardian ...must-read: to Brexit and beyond
There should be a rule on referenda - if it is re-run (like Nice or Lisbon or the #Brexit vote may be) it should be Best of Three
Agree, 2640-2650 to watch for next leg down. But it depends on outcome from Brexit, bank earnings. If we get good earnings we could get a short pop above 2650 before sharp sell off.
If corbyn manages to topple this gov, I hope to goodness everyone doesn’t vote Brexit again like GE17.
'I'm selling now to beat Brexit house price crash': should homeowners gamble on a property market slump? via
I wonder if will win in presidential election one day and if Frexit will then follow.
One of the reasons I won't become a member. Other reasons include his stance on Brexit and the thugs in his Momentum cult that he won't deal with. Chuka was right when he asked Corbyn to 'call off the dogs' but again was slammed for speaking out and calling it as it was/is.
Traitors will not be forgiven or forgotten.
How can they not after standing on the pledge that Brexit would happen.
Absolutely spot on. I love Europe and its people. I severely dislike the EU juggernaut with France/Germany pushing the agenda. Cameron tried to get them to reform but they flatly declined. They were warned but chose to ignore. There's no reasoning with them. #NoDeal
Forgive me if I'm still unclear on this, but May &amp; Corbyn are now fighting to see which party gets to do Brexit? And which one of them takes credit for all the shitstorms it creates?
Hang your heads in shame you Brexit saboteurs . Thinking of yourself as always . The EU project is corrupt, violent and finished.
EU referendum: Is Putin betting on a Brexit? - BBC News #HolocaustMemorialDay #MLK #GrenfellTower
He’s not likely to lose his job to Brexit. He’s likely to lose his job to a decline in sales in China, the decline in diesel cars due to Govt restrictions and to JLG being late to develop electric cars. Move to Slovakia was in 2015. You disgust me. Go away you nasty little man
he didnt acrually say that.. he said early on that when we leave the eu f/m ends the idea corbyn can win an election on f/m is frankly ludicrous..its the main reason brexit voters voted to leave
Brexit: What could the crucial week ahead bring?
It’s not considered to be in the interests of the listening public to hear of the reality of what’s happening on the UK doorstep .. the truth is that here in France, democracy itself is seen to be under challenge ... and they are watching to see how Brexit plays out ..
It's going to be Brexit all over again... T_T
The property industry is changing with Brexit, new regulations and everything else going on. Are you looking at other potential ways to create multiple income streams with your existing knowledge? In...
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain. This is Leadership.
Found this which might (or might not!) provide some information on this. Trouble is as with much of Brexit we're trying to predict what different groups of people with their own axes to grind may or may not do. Cloudy crystal balls still!
Theresa May MP: Give the 2 million disenfranchised young people a vote on Brexit - Sign the Petition! via
Well that is down to you since you have made no attempt to deliver Brexit as promised in your manifesto. Replace the Remainers in your cabinet @ make a success of a WTO Exit &amp; most people in U.K. will back you.
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
Wouldn’t you have thought that as Labour have been calling for a GE for months now, that they would have a great plan to pave the way forward?
As part of our Open Future initiative, The Economist has asked proponents and opponents of a second vote to put their case
You didn’t see the left get arrested when throwing a hissy fit over the brexit means exit march, then? 0 arrests from the right.
whatever divisions have been created by Brexit and whatever happens in Tuesdays vote I am confident that the country will pull together to make sure you never become PM
Spot on Andrew!
You are ready to lose a general election thanks to your moronic Brexit stance you mean.
Someone should ask the pro-Corbyn crowd if they're also pro-Brexit &amp; would they still show the same level of support for a pro-Remain Labour leader. Tories under no pressure to have another GE untill 2022. May will lose MV but win No Confidence vote. Will Corbyn change tack then?
The USA will be dictating trade terms too. To their advantage, not ours. #Brexit is a swindle, led by the super rich, for the super rich.
#Glozi traitors. They need to get out. A trade deal can be negotiated anytime. They won't be in a weaker position after #brexit
Labor's policy is "insurrection" - John McDonnell, the Shadow Chancellor, "we can't get in any other way" he says. So uprising by traitors and anarchists, the likes of Lammy and turncoats Grieve and Soubry in their 'overthrow Brexit' coup plotting.
Come on Teresa May the deal on offer is not brexit . You have buried your head in the sand with this. It’s a awful negotiation. It needs defeated in large numbers to kill it off completely.
Don't tell me May isn't responsible for break ups of home, private lives, countries and peoples for her political course from MP to HS to Brexit PM..More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
The man who lost a vote of no confidence by his own party (and refused to go) is going to do this... oh the irony.
And if you lot extend #Article50 what does it make you lot??? #traitors
You are so right Chelley.
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Had the 1992 election been a binary vote, I.e. only two options, It would have been bigger. Not the point though. The majority of the country don't want brexit now. That is what matters. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Businesses hold rally calling for People's Vote on Brexit Join us tomorrow (Monday) from 11.30am
I’d be interested to hear what, leaving Brexit aside (as I hope we shall, definitively), has been learned since the 2014 referendum that illustrates that Scotland would be better off independent. Where would the funding come from?
Agreed. I am keen to know what the voting intention of my MP, is. I wonder if he might tell us.
John Major says revoking Article 50 is ‘the only sensible course’
Is May working for the benefit of the country or the Tory party on the issue of Brexit?
All Neil Warnock is doing is deflecting attention away from dire performances by talking about the Clyne transfer and now Brexit.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
*Get In The 'Political Gutter' with Bercow*: "How 'livid' John Bercow's unprecedented Brexit intervention paves way for constitutional crisis"
Just when you think you couldn’t think less of somebody........Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
For the sake of our democracy, we cannot let slip the prize of Brexit via
Man facing relegation from the big league says, "I think we'll be far better out of the bloody thing."
Still 16 games left. Stick to politics because you have no clue what you're on about
Not exactly good at management either
BREXIT: Labour and Tory Remainers prepare to unite to revoke date of Brexit /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Labour's Brexit policy: 1. Remain in a customs union 2. Negotiate access to the single market 3. Retain EU legislation that protects workers' and consumer rights, and environmental standards. Which bit of that are 's opponents claiming they don't understand? #GTTO
After its bombshell report on the FBI’s concerns about Trump Friday night, the has phoned in the Sunday paper. - VA piece half written by the Koch group - Rehash wall “analysis” - Brexit+Trump novelty written for people who haven’t seen news in two years
These are football hools who can’t fight in the terraces anymore because the gangs were dismantled by the police over the past 20 years. They have finally, after much searching (incl. anti-Islam) found the thing (Brexit) that allows them back onto the streets to have a punch up.
Oh yeah....rocket scientists and was that Delia Smith. When are they going to get it we are not all oldies, or racists...we just want control of our country back, nothing to do with racism...can Elon Musk build a few Starships and send these remoaners to Mars, do us all a favour.
Protesters march ahead of voting on Brexit deal in UK Parliament
in Tory case it's self inflicted injuries, or in other words Eff in karma
Well said
Brexit: What could the crucial week ahead bring?
Doubt that’s going to happen. He seems to me too power hungry now. He is loosing his base due to his BREXIT stance yet not changing course...I would support Labour with someone else at the helm on pr Remain but not like this
Is it really racist to have it? Id say those most of those who voted Leave did so for this very reason. #Brexit
we didn't vote for 'a Brexit that has no economic impact' we voted for what the future means...freedom to legislate and control our borders
The latest The UnionistLite Daily! Thanks to #marr #brexit
He would need to show us, in detail, what his Brexit plan is and that it would be agreed to by the EU.
The British public remain just as divided over Brexit via
‘Corbyn faces a choice: he can help prevent it [a Brexit that could split the union and sharpen the inequalities &amp; resentments between the richest &amp; poorest parts of the country] or he can go down in history as having been entirely complicit in making this tragedy happen’
It’s interesting that other than being against Brexit, nothing else in the list has anything to do with EU. As I’ve always thought, YVs are hijacking Brexit for their own agenda and are not the average leave voter.
And remember Donald Trump has just withdrawn support for WTO, anybody who wants to trust the cliff edge policy is nuts!
Fail to see the correlation between delivering Brexit and solving this. Brexit has been, and will continue to be, a drain on budget.
Failing Grayling denies 'void' in government over #Brexit plan B #Brexshit #BrexitShambles #FBPE
Nigel Farage Has Three Reasons Why Theresa May Is Right That No Brexit Would Breach Trust In Democracy:
Do you know labor supports Brexit? Why you think labor will stop it? Labor supports CU Brexit and it is in their manifesto. Also Corbyn is a eurosceptic
he should take a media law multiple choice exam this month
She's simple a bad lady.
Let's just drop a "fuck" in there just to show I really mean it. Sign of true knowledge that
Europe wants us to stay : More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
What’s the point if you wont stand on a clear anti-brexit platform? You’re just wasting everyone’s time.
Their policies don't get the same attention outside of elections, but nothing has changed with their ambitions. I think they do understand leave voters which is why they haven't given in to the demands for them to ignore the referendum. Nobody will get their own Brexit version.
They will be, they will be. #GiletsJaunes
I read on Yahoo news that over 100 MEPs have signed a letter asking the British people to reconsider Brexit, the EU is terrified of the U.K. leaving and all May does is go round kissing Junkers ass.
We shall not be held to ransom by a tiny bunch of fascists! Beware the rage of the moderates #ModeratesRage
More shit from
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote 100% agree....
Great interview Tom. Pete’s the best. The jungle metaphor!!! Thx for mentioning The Guilty and The Innocent. It’d be great to hear the title track on sometime during this Brexit chaos, they’re the same as you &amp; me :) xo #RaveOn
And why is this the country of your choice???? Let me tell you why, because it’s the best that why and because it’s the best means we will make a Success BREXIT. If you don’t like our democracy LEAVE find what you are looking for elsewhere.
Wow is that leaves idea of a credible endorsement, you lot are funny in a sad, desperate sort of way.
Ahead of Vote, U.K. PM May Warns It Would Be Catastrophic to Halt Brexit - #jewish #israel #news #judaism
Femi is the man. #Brexit
Cant vote - no idea what corbyn's Brexit is
Take a day off from Brexit. It's going to be a shit week.
Mr Corbyn wants to respect the referendum, those that voted apparently wanted to leave with nothing, out of the single market &amp; customs union. So how does his cake &amp; eat it #Brexit with a permanent customs union leaving us with paying but no say, respect that vote?
May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit
Italian 'mill girls' Brexit confusion
As always, I'm glad to read clever people! Thanks!
I did really well the past two years running... I’m currently revising and reviewing my 2019 investment strategies in the lead up to #Brexit... #investors
Well done! I am going to vote first and if it is a strike then resign as common sense has not prevailed! I refuse to strike in this awful Austerity / Brexit climate I see it as an own goal against us and not justifiable! Nail in the coffin of Professionalism!
I am concerned for you all, my British friends and family.
I was out in Wolverhampton city centre yesterday speaking to voters about Brexit. What was apparent was that, whether people voted to Remain or Leave, the vast majority of them were certain that they didn’t believe that this Conservative Government is able to deliver Brexit!
Well done Neil - shame there's not more people think the way you do - Lets just fucking get out of the EU! #Brexit #hypocrisy #SaintsFC #Liars #TwoFacedPoliticians
If there’s an election before March 29th then Brexit would feature much more prominently than last time.
I know this wasn’t in our country but we have to protect our country #NationalEmergency
Can’t wait till Brexit, all em foreign football managers from Italy Russia, Germany etc will have to be substituted, sent off, side-lined... #Tonupguys,#itscominghome,#BBC
Brexit does mean Brexit at the end of the day.
Bins! You’ll be lucky to get a bin after brexit. WTAF? How will decimating the economy help anyone?
Follow the weird, wild &amp; worrying food culture of Brexit Britain over on
Wise words indeed
Nice to see a Brexiter in the public eye be honest about Brexit; Too much nonsense being spouted before about Brexit enabling ‘Global Britain’. Suspect more people voted along Warnock’s, “To hell with the rest of the world” line than for “Global Britain”.
Easy to say when you’re a 70+ millionaire
We don’t want Brexit and we don’t want corbyn
Not sure you want to have the word ‘Tardi’ in a ferry service. People might catch on even with the change in spelling. But Brexiteers are catching on slowly only now to the whole Brexit deal. So you’re good if you aim it at them.
Brexit is good now
Hello British racism
Warnock, what a winner. Prefect poster boy for Brexit.
Not on the ballot paper but really possible if we had a brexit PM instead of a remainer &amp; even then when David Davis told Barnier we owed nothing. But a weak PM aided &amp; abetted by a remainiac Parliament Lords &amp; MSM undermined all opportunity. Now WTO &amp; no 39Bn the best option.
Funnily (kind of) how always end up doing the worst of the Tories dirty work for them.. #whoneedsenemies #withfriendslikethese
#63% did not vote for #Brexit. It is #Notthewillofthepeople MP's at the #meaningfulvote throw out 's terrible #FrankensteinBrexit and be honest with the people. #Brexit will damage the UK &amp; not deliver the #unicorns. Show courage and leadership support #PeoplesVote.
#Remainer MPs plot #Brexit 'coup' to take control of #Commons business. The ultimate plot by the establishment and elite to overturn #Brexit. IMHO any #Tory MP involved in this plot needs to face being deselected!!!
Labour's Brexit DOESN'T EXIST. IT'S A FANTASY.
Newspaper headlines: Brexit 'coup', and talk of Tory split
Softening Brexit further in a desperate plea for Labour votes will be the final nail in PM's coffin
I am painting a Unicorn plate
Whatever "the establishment" is. You could hardly blame the poor civil servants, or judges, or ordinary educated people who advised that this was what Brexit would bring. Blame the swarms of public schoolboys, like Mogg , Johnson, Farage, Banks, Gove &amp; Corbyn...
. is ready to step it up if Tuesday’s vote does not pass (as is widely expected). Time is very short though and more meat on the bones is needed in respect of all these public vote / extension ideas #Brexit
Unionists and MSM will take full advantage of that.
It’s decision time for Theresa May’s Brexit deal. What happens next?
Most importantly, I'd have advised any Labour leader in '16 to see out a clear stance in the Brexit debate and, um, argue for it. It's only due to a complete failure of political framing that the most radical interpretation of the referendum is now seen as "what the people said"
Failing Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B #Brexshit #BrexitShambles #FBPE
Having watched #Corbyn this AM I'm still non the wiser on how he would deliver a deal on Brexit or indeed what that deal would be.
I watched Corbyn on the Andrew Marr show today. He is defensive under questioning &amp; still can’t articulate the Labour party’s position on Brexit. We’ve had 2 years of fudges from him and I just want him to make a decision and stand up for it. I could be waiting a long time.
Oh you have voted for UKIP!!! - enough said! No wonder you are pushing for Brexit.
Dear people of the UK, please stay with us! #Brexit
There has been no seismic change in opinion therefore it’s all about who’s best to govern Brexit and all the other problems the The UK has and that is clearly Labour.
It’d be hard to chain us to Brussels with them being really small and round.
Which us all completely irrelevant to Brexit
328,000 have signed for WTO #Brexit. Why aren't you listening
A crunch Brexit vote is coming that could trigger even more political chaos
Hang on, aren’t you backing May’s WA? If you think that is Brexit then there’s more than one imbecile in the House of Commons
Warnock is a massive twat though
I've always thought there's a real misunderstanding about northern voters, especially among Labour (Tories I don't think even care about winning the north). I don't believe we're so fiercely pro-Brexit as much as very anti-Cameron, anti-Westminster, anti-London, &amp; anti-Austerity.
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html We will #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here Thanks
So clearly Dennis Skinner can vote with the Government on Brexit without question but is faced with torrents of abuse and calls for deselection. #DoubleStandards
So how do you explain 2017? Because "half-assed" triangulation got Labour the biggest election-on-eldction increase since Attlee. Since then, anti-Brexit Lib Dems have stayed static despite Corbyn's continued ambivalence. "Selling out views" not yet caused defection...
Gotta laugh or you’ll cry
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B saying “the only void in government is the one between my ears”
Who decided to ask this ancient goblin about Brexit I’m...
Snowflakes in the UK blaming Brexit
the idea corbyn can win an election on f/m is frankly ludicrous..its the main reason brexit voters voted to leave
Say what they think the electorate want to hear?
The elite and the establishment also want a Brexit and you are happy with that. Sad that with decent ideas you spoil it all by betraying the future
Bill Cash hasn't got any reputation to defend. His Govt put Britain on its knees while the rich plot how to make money out of brexit. He invrested in a crooked scheme, Leave UK, and he has an invested interest in it. We are SAFER under the EU
This interview proved more than ever that she is just full of hot, hateful air, and has zero argument. I mean she can't even state material advantages to Brexit. What a load of bollocks.
"Downing Street believes that would enable MPs to suspend article 50, putting Brexit on hold, and could even lead to the referendum result being overturned" I wouldnt want to be any MP involved in such for the wrath of the British populace on such fascists is unquantifiable
absolutely right on our Rotten Parliament proposing to stop Brexit : "But they should hold their cheers because a storm is coming. A storm with a ferocity and fury unparalleled in modern British political history."
To add my Euro cents as a Briton living abroad, I have not met a single Dutch person (nor Belgian, Swedish, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Romanian or any other nationality I'm friends with here) who wants us to leave, or who has given up on us. I love you back, friends.
“It’s better to live 100 years as a millionaire than a week as a pauper” #goebelsaward for 13/1/2018 goes to
How Tv news channels stand? BBC: (Impartial) cancel Brexit Channel 4: cancel Brexit Bloomberg: 2nd ref Sky news: 2nd ref ITV: 2nd Ref
Nobody wants Brexit but the cast-iron morons on the Tory Europhile loonie right-wing and the racist cast-iron morons they've recruited to their cause. It's cast-iron morons all the way down.
Supporting the regions away from the South East has to be the priority no matter how / if Brexit happens, and it will be much easier to achieve if there is no Brexit hit or recession
Thing is he knows this and knowingly lies as he has done throughout his career. #Corbyn #lies
How long does she need 4 goodness sake Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Can’t wait for #Brexit when we can ditch the Euro and start printing our own money adorned with pictures of our own monarch. #eejit
Reminder that Nationalist protests against Globalism have not slowed down. But the #MSM won’t report on it any longer. Big week coming up for #BRExit.
No matter what happens with Brexit . Soubry career as a politician is coming to a end and good riddance elitist bigot.
What do you think is more likely, a no deal brexit or a People's vote?
What is the neoliberal dogma?
A WTO-based Brexit could yield the UK £80 billion per year
A sad, sad, bitter person.
Chris Grayling, just another Brexit advocate turned traitor, more concerned with ministerial trappings than personal integrity. ‘s deal is rotten to the core, and if Grayling had a scintilla of integrity he’d admit as much.
What does she think feelings will be if the remoaners actually managed to thwart Brexit I think unrest would be a bit of an understatement for that.
. : “The far-right don’t want many, many things. The idea that this government is capitulating to the far-right as a reason for not holding a public vote I find astonishing.” #UK #PeoplesVote #Brexit
May’s deal isn’t Brexit and she has never tried to embrace it. This is the heart of the problem. Norway is a fudge and MPs won’t vote for it without a customs union being added on which makes it virtually the same as staying in apart from CAP and CFP. 2nd referendum is toxic.
Neil Warnock doesn't know what he is talking about with Brexit and he doesn't even know how to be a good football manager.
Ministers battle to save Brexit deal
Oh look. The old "EU will carve because they fear no deal #brexit too much" slogan is turning up again....
Brexit needs to be put on hold, while the UK faces up to facts. Can Scotland remain inside the UK under Devo Max and negotiate its own EU deal, or do Scots need independence. The current template is finished, we cannot go on with this charade. #DissolveTheUnion
Be 'brave' and face down far right over second Brexit referendum, Sadiq Khan tells MPs /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
if the leave campaign wanted a binding referendum to support their hard #brexit proposal, they should have campaigned for it...they didn't do that because they knew they would have lost
How the British failing to listen to outsiders, tell themselves a myth of how Britain is perceived by the world. [New BBC Radio 4 series shows bewilderment at Brexit outside the UK]
Yet again shows he does not understand the detail on #Brexit and the EU - and this is such a basic error. Not good enough from someone who has aspirations to senior political office.
”Brexit means fakhin brexit” - Livia Soprano
Still proving how deluded you are then....keep it up it helps the Brexit cause...
Vladimir Putin backs Brexit second referendum'undermine faith Democracy' #HolocaustMemorialDay #MLK #GrenfellTower
More lies from an ignorant gobshite who told investors to get their money out of the UK because Brexit would hurt them
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Wife got her #Brexit letter from the #Dutch govt today. Really brings it home.
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
Stick to football twat.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
It's bitter-sweet having this man as manager....
No, it's not disputed by the facts. It's not a defined option available by taking it to the Brexit checkout. It was an option that could have been considered at the beginning of the process, before red lines, before endless noise about "EU bullies" and "will of the people"
What about London and its mayor accepts BREXIT
Get your point about the binary vote. But you have no metric that shows the majority now don’t want Brexit. If you’re referencing the Channel 4 poll then 1. that’s outdated and two it is a very large opinion poll not an actual measure of the whole country
Are you Jeremy? that’s good! maybe we’ll find out in your manifesto what your plan is for Brexit! As I’ve tweeted to you before, you might have a mandate from your 600k labour followers but not for the country! so you’ll need to convince us that voting for you is the way forward!
Insulted? Please. I can just clearly see how this is the single most stupid thing British nation ever did to itself - based on a fraud. In any instance, if there is a Brexit, I have a choice, you will have nothing but an world embarrassment and prolonged recession. So good luck.
"To hell with the rest of the world” (And to hell with yesterday's terrible afternoon at the Cardiff City Stadium)
Will remoaners accept that the EU is broken
It’s the guys opinion ffs. That’s what’s wrong with society now, anyone with a different opinion from the popular opinion get slaughtered.
I voted remain, but I see no logic in a 2nd ref. 1) your argument would apply after we've implemented this decision, not before. 2) refs are a stupid way to decide anything. 3) leave would probably win again. 4) it does nothing to address austerity, the reason behind #Brexit.
Tee hee They're obviously getting worried about who'll fund their salaries &amp; expenses
Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve These lot have little or no Integrity and only care about Themselves.
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
As a labour member, you mentioned you would be lead by your party on Brexit. I'd like to know, if you're going to be negotiating with the EU, if one of the options available is going to be recinding itall together.
Think his eyebrows already left...
#Brexit isn’t democratic. Watch this 7-minute video by to find out why. #FinalSay #PeoplesVote Please share.
There was no Tory discipline - neither before nor after the #brexit referendum. May. tactically, established a modicum of discipline for a while. When #brexit ceased to be #brexit in vague terms only all hell broke loose again.
Brexit event Tues... Should be a good volatility injection
peter hennessy #BBC world this weekend has best analysis of where we are #brexit #Parliament #Constitution listen also to and me #BBC #worldtonight 12 jan and see my none of it consoling
Agree big EU rally if it did go away But #Brexit is a very difficult idea to make go away Because it remains a good idea for a lot of people and those are the hardest kinds of ideas to simply make go away Your relief rally for this reason is not likely close at hand
regardless Brexit was started by a known remainer then given to a known remainer and being messed up by known remainers. you say low turn out I believe it has the most votes to any other vote in history in this country.
Many will vote for any Brexit candidate, regardless of political party
Why would it be a breach of trust in democracy when May’s #brexit deal fails? My latest.
Sorry but Tory Brexit with a coat of red paint is of no interest to me whatsoever.
Straight to the point I suppose
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Just pointing out that he just voted the way that the majority of people in his age group did, so it's hardly surprising he's pro-Brexit.
A GE would be GREAT if we had a united, fearsome, worthy, poll leading opposition at the head of a united party with a clear Brexit plan. But we don’t. Call another election and it’s back to square one and more time wasted. #weakgovernment #weakeropposition
Neil Warnock: "I'm pro-Brexit!" Everyone else:
Its people cant tell the government to do anything. The usual criterium for governmental change at election time, when manifestos arent read, or adhered to ...is....are we pissed off with who is in power?? At the moment we are at that stage...yes we are pissed off with #Brexit
When austerity &amp; Brexit collide
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html We will #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here Thanks
What next? Blacky on rising gun crime? Jeppo on the roll out of Universal Credit? FFS stop reporting what football people say about politics. We're not interested.
Remainer MPs plot 'a very British coup': Tories Oliver Letwin and Dominic Grieve are accused of being behind plan to sideline May after crunch Brexit vote despite warnings it will KILL the government
Corbyn continues to equivocate on Brexit. His sympathies are with Brexit. How many job losses does he consider a price worth paying for Brexit? How much new, forced austerity?
Who better to give advice on the nation affairs than none other than the highly successful Neil Warnock, the mans made a living creaming off the riches of football by being a below average manager. If anyone knows this must surely be ye man
Ehm, Brexit still a thing? Or?
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Legit the most Neil Warnock interview you could ever have
I think I know the answer - zero.
2/2 That said, Parliament abrogated it’s responsibly to judge on Brexit by referring the matter to the people In this case, on this issue, our representatives have been given their instructions, their view on those instructions are irrelevant. They should do as they’re told.
I always knew Neil Warnock would be the face of Brexit Britain
Wales voted for Brexit though! Scotland voted 62% remain! I think Wales want out EU?
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Wim van Aalst, Waitrose: “Brexit overshadows everything; we expect rough times ahead" - Supply Chain Movement
No Jacob Rees-Mogg is better than a Jacob Rees-Mogg. What a load of shit he spouts. Shame he is somehow an MP and not still on Nanny's bitty.
What nonsense. People were lied to and told that their woes were down to the EU. They’re down to incompetent or nasty politicians
Ukip leader telling Neil Warnock. Couldn't make it up
Brexit has given a minority of people in thinking they have a right to white privilege and it's disgusting. Damn you, David Cameron - you just made racist Britain a whole lot worse!
Leaving the EU under a Labour government will make the party unelectable in future. The right wing press will say "see, Socialism didn't work," when in fact it's the economic/social effects of Brexit. Austerity &amp; tuition fees will be small beer compared to that poison chalice.
Whats new
Interesting comedy......
I certainly will, sadly as with many terrorist attacks, measures will be taken reactively, after lives have been lost. Rather than the proactive measures that are required to prevent loss. How about you come here and gloat when someone is killed in the botched Brexit aftermath?
You seemed pretty happy with Trump running on ideals, not facts. Much the same way you seemed pretty happy to support Brexit on that basis also. It's almost like you've cucked to the right-wing and have no spine to be sincere in your criticism.
trying to fight Brexit and mental health issues at the same time be like
'It's going to be soon, don't worry': Jeremy Corbyn hints he could launch bid to oust May THIS WEEK as he demands a general election to resolve Brexit crisis
“I know Corbyn gets a lot of stick for being ambiguous [on Brexit], but I think he’s doing the right thing if he came out now, all gung-ho for remain, he’d unite the Tories and revive UKIP”
Stick the acid tongued bitch in the tower and let her rot in hell....maybe torture her whilst we are at it, nice red hot EU poker shoved up here arse...f**king disgrace to this country.
The fact that HSBC is anti Brexit tells me all I need to know. Profit at all costs.
Agreed maybe the vote would be different now because of all the trash around #Brexit but I don't believe people voted #Leave because they thought it would be a simple 123 were out. A reversal would bring different but similar trash for years. We're here and we should see it out.
. : Pigs more likely to fly than Brexit legislation to be completed by March 29th
Remember Gina Miller? She went to the Supreme Court to make Brexit subject to the approval of Parl’t. She wanted to sabotage Brexit under the guise of letting Parl’t take back control. Well, she’s succeeded; Brexit is a shambles but the consequence is that Parl’t has taken back
In fairness her government didn't preside over the Vote Leave lawbreaking. Perhaps you could replace it with "corrupt contracts for no deal Brexit being handed to Tory donors and their relatives"
Fucking goblin this man is.
reuters|Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit|
When your boss is foreign and pisses you off.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
reuters|May warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal|
The question I ask every day. Brexit is sabotage. Deliberate, unmitigated sabotage of everything we have ever held dear. Our high standards go South from here
I think I saw something just now looking like all the leave groups are joining together so yes get all the Brexit parties to do a joint venture it would show we mean business
reuters|UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit: pro-EU party leader|
See for 'the' #ProjectHope... ''....The Palace of Westminster, Gothic, rat-infested, and crumbling into the Thames, has become a powerful symbol of political decay....''
Brexit has certainly brought out all the loons. Well done to all there when he was ranting for keeping their composure and not lamping him, because that’s what he deserved.
That's the point. Labour won't fight an election primarily focused on Brexit, it will fight the next election as an anti-austerity party.
As for people in the North having short memories. I don't think that. I think they have never forgotten Thatcher and the economic damage that she did. This is why I resist Brexit because the economic damage will be worse.
Corbyn is think but he's also dishonest. The problem with people who are thick &amp; dishonest is that it's often hard to tell whether they've just got something wrong or they're deliberately lying. Either way he's not fit for office.
Femi you travel up and down the country, appear on numerous radio and TV shows campaigning for people’s vote is it not right to question how this is funded, you have to eat and travel isn’t cheap yet appear to not have a job other than anti Brexit celebrity so funding ? Are valid
Brexit Britain.
What could the crucial week ahead mean for Brexit?
Fucking lol
Indeed is doing everything it can to destroy #democracy as #MPs show their utter disrespect for British #voters &amp; taxpayers - in such circumstances should any of us bother paying tax if we are no longer being represented? #BrexitBetrayal
Still don’t understand why he is a football manager , he’s an absolute tool
It is iresponsable to not remove the option of No deal Brexit. It is also iresponsable to not recommend the removal of the No deal Brexit option. Not acceptable.
Putin mocks ‘undemocratic’ calls for second Brexit vote – POLITICO #HolocaustMemorialDay #MLK #GrenfellTower
REPORT: Anti-#Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU
#Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
Doing #Brexit without a plan is suicide. #RevokeArticle50 referendum will save the country, seeing all the complications created by #Brexit should help find better alternatives for the future of EU and UK. Unprecedented but necessary action for stability.
‘Stay strong’ have I missed something? We have seen nothing but weakness and capitulation from the moment she closed the door of No 10 after that ‘Brexit means Brexit ‘ speech.
Brexit has nothing to do with hope and everything to do with fear! It is the fear of immigration, it is the perceived fear of an attack on sovereignty and it is the fear that Britain will be somehow be diminished as part of a larger state. To solve the biggest issues we face....
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote - Sky News
Absolutely disgusting the way this government hasn't spent one minute on how this shambles affects thousands of ordinary people not interested in Tory infighting or catering for extremists.
I liked a video Listeners Were Heartbroken By This Callers' Decision To Leave UK over Brexit
Finally a #hedgefund that lets you hedge for, or against #Brexit. Now in final development. Enquire through site. Thanks. #sks8 #liechtenstein
Very true. It would be as well to remember germany, in the 1920s ungovernable, crippled by an unworkable political treaty, and an economy going off the rails. Those plotting to kill brexit by dismembering our parliamentary democracy need to take a few a history lessons.
That absolutely nobody loses their job and the lifeline of feeding and providing for their family. You want a #Brexit? What you do in your house as an adult is upto you. Don't fuck up other people's lives.
Same reason as Brexit.
independent|Brexit: Labour braced to call confidence vote in government within days if May's deal is voted down, Corbyn signals|
And what do you think Jeremy's brexit version is? Read Tony Benn's memoirs and you might get an idea of his life-long hatred of the EU.
I don’t think that no deal is likely as indications are enough MPs will team up to prevent that. I think if we want to respect the referendum voting for a deal is our best chance. I think it does deliver Brexit and we have to work to ensure we don’t go into the backstop
Tenuous, even that, if at all #UK #BREXIT entities like #UKIP, campaign to leave #EU despite not being elected and no MP, even one traitor.
the-guardian-uk|Theresa May: rejecting Brexit deal would be 'unforgivable breach of trust'|
Yellow Vests. Tommy Robinson. Brexit. Government Shuts "Sunday Long Live Radio"#sundaylonglive #gag: via
'To hell with the rest of the world: Tevez Hangover #Irons
In the General election both labor and Tory said they will delivery brexit. Labor supports a softbrexit and the position is very clear.
Didn't Corbyn say no jobs lost due to Brexit?
Someone's sour about never being in the Champions League...
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit - Reuters
Just in case there is a general election, please ensure you remember it!
‘Get us out’: Brexit voters urge MPs to hurry up
I used to be quite good at this tweeting business. I was as regular as a rabbit on All-Bran and as pithy as an aged orange. You can rightly blame #Brexit
Brexit: May warns of “catastrophic breach of trust.” That’s pretty rich coming from Tory party that botched this from start to finish, beginning with setting 50+1 referendum margin for victory.
Get more for your money with this 3 Beds, 2 Baths #property in #VeraPlaya #Almería in #Spain for just 250,000€ #wow #brexit
Ok, you know more than me and the large group of cross-party and cross-brexit MPs i’m working with on this. I shall tell them they don’t exist when I next see them. Thanks for clarifying that for me.
Wish you could say the same of HIS train services.
5-tweet thread that sure packs a punch.
I’ve written more about possible #Brexit scenarios here... 7/28
You obviously have zero idea what libdem policies are...but more importantly you haven't grasped that right now brexit is the issue that trumps everything else.
Not a Brexiteer at all. I was a staunch remainer and European city dweller, lived in many European countries. I am not however oblivious to the reasons people wanted to leave, nor would I want a second referendum, or Brexit not to happen.
It’s another cop out - labour Brexit to unify the country? Mind blowing
Very possibly. We don’t make decisions for ever in a parliamentary democracy; indeed in ways it’s they dynamic process that is the heart of the system. Not terribly efficient, nor ideal, but it has worked for over 300 years. The fault with #Brexit was people forgot this.
JC also wants to stop FoM so essentially his ‘deal’ will be toast on beans instead of beans in toast.Not to mention how incredibly selfish it is.The EU are fed up with brexit now. They’re moving on to other important issues within EU. There’s no appetite for yet more negotiations
#Brexit #HostileEnvironment or just listening to too much #GSYBE?
PM could retain control of events if she made approval of her deal on Tuesday subject to approval in a referendum “deal” v “remain” ....
Bonus welcome cartoon- John Bull being assured that the leader of Ireland is politically v week. Said leader being Parnell. See also:
Putin: dismisses second Brexit referendum as against 'will of the people' #HolocaustMemorialDay #MLK #GrenfellTower
Before!
You also view Remain as some kind of homogenous block. It is not. Remain's problem is it's broken in two. Half accept 2016 vote, think Brexit shdn't be overturned. Diehards think it shd but still not defecting en masse bc like Corbyn on other issues. Your take too simplistic
Losers vote already lost so shouldn’t be part of any question. If you split the leave vote with a 3 way then remain will win. Clearly this is what THEY want. Any fresh vote should only involve this nonsense deal or no deal. After all only leaving without a deal is Brexit now
There is NO version of Brexit that doesn't leave us worse off. Everyone admits that. Even the Tories admit it. Everyone admits it. Everyone but Magic Grandad.
Europe wants us to stay : More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
I disagree. Tories are literally killing people here.
March 29th: Brexit and Quarter-End balance sheet dressing will trigger Deutsche Bank imo
Oh Warnock you silly silly man. Just concentrate on talking football from now rather that looking like an idiot talking about something you clearly know nothing about. #Warnock #brexit #EuropeanUnion #footballnotpolitics
Brexit is both a tar pit and a tar baby so the 'none of ours' strategy also works well up to a point.
The political class, media class and the professional managerial class might be obsessed with Brexit to the exclusion of all else but most people aren't, and the Labour leadership is savvy enough to know that and act accordingly.
With a new week ahead, I wonder what glorious feats Chris Grayling will put his mind to? Traffic jams? Rail timetables? Drones? Ferryless ferry companies? With this intellectual giant spreading his magic around there’s nothing we can’t achieve in #Brexit Britain. #marr
The FED or Dead? #GlobalReset #buildthewall #MAGA #WWG1WGA #EndEconomicSlavery #QAnon #BREXIT #GoldStandard #WWG1WGAWORLDWIDE
Sadly nothing new there then is there.
#Brexithistory #BrexitDeal Live Commons Brexit Deal Votes on BBC PARLIAMENT on 15 Jan 2019 I'm watching Live Commons Brexit Deal Votes at 7:00PM on BBC PARLIAMENT.
It’s beyond me to understand why when EU paying UK companies to leave JLR, Cadbury, Ford leaving workers devastated, the Treaty of Aachen France/Germany moulding into one under EU, Living, Studying, Flying all sorted on no deal scenario, EU recession looming.
Plus the composite Brexit motion voted for unanimously by Conference in September.
Your unelectable why think you are going to win. Your glorious leader is pro brexit. I will never vote for you left wing corbyn nutters
independent|New Brexit referendum is most popular path if May’s deal is defeated, poll finds|
He has to ask Abbott first!!
Sadly, Brexit is not the only issue we have to face up to. #fiddlingwhileromeburns
As I said it is a mess. For me this mess is much bigger than Brexit though. Children and families are really suffering under this government. Our country is so broken by them. I just want Labour in and they will try to work with everyone’s needs re Brexit.
Not shocked by this at all loool
literally a headline about parliament taking back control, which is apparently Not What Brexit Means this week
That has to be one of the best gifts of Brexit, the unveiling of lying treacherous cunts that are currently squatting in parliament. Nobody wanting best for GB wants them in there anymore. True colours shown, vote them out.
Right words but for the wrong reason. Brexit means Brexit not a halfway house with a key to sneck back in as soon a Political Party can muster a majority.
Yep agree! Unfortunately from what i hear (i live in Bournemouth now) it is the same issue as ours, Russian owner/Brexit.
The only argument odious jingo-fascists #UK #Brexit make is IMMIGRATION- Are full of self anger &amp; no reasoned policy in #Democracy. Slain #JoeCoxMP.
Labour and Tory Remainers prepare to unite to revoke date of Brexit. But it may require legislation.
Some important #Brexit polling...looking good for #peoplesvote Support for May's deal - 25% Support for Jeremy Corbyn - 30% Support for no-deal Brexit - 32% Support for May as PM - 40% Support for extending Article 50 - 43% Support for people's vote - 55%
Vince, pay attention.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
the idea corbyn can win an election on f/m is frankly ludicrous..its the main reason brexit voters voted to leave
I wonder what would be in Labours manifesto regarding #Brexit policy if there was a GE, any ideas? #PeoplesVote
Warnock has never really enjoyed much success in Europe. If he thinks that Brexit will not damage football he really is as thick as two short plank. #ThickYorkshireman
And this is why people, no one likes Cardiff or anyone to do with them
What genuinely would you expect a 70 year old man from Yorkshire to think about Brexit?
A Corbyn-Brexit or a May-Brexit? "It really would be Tweedledum versus Tweedledee." Liberal Democrats believe the people should have the final say on the Brexit deal and option to remain. Join our campaign if you agree &gt;
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
London maybe these things but it is also in midst of a housing crisis, its air dangerously polluted, has kids who are killed on the streets
Thick twat
Media reporting anti-Brexit MPs joining forces with Bercow 2 stop Brexit using Parliamentary rules. Bercow beyond biased &amp; Parliament in meltdown if Remainers get their way. I am convinced the apathetic public will not stand up to the failing political elite and still vote 4 them
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit #crypto #bitcoin #etoro #trading #forex
In fairness, nobody knows about breaching trust more than the Conservatives and May: -Reneged on no GE in 2017 -Reneged on letting Parliament vote last month I could go on... "May says voting against Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in democracy"
The Singapore economic model is coming to Britain
Work aside, I've decided to cut all ties with the outside world, at least for the week ahead. Brexit hell.
It would make more sense to have a referendum first to find out what people want and then a general election to determine which party they think would implement that best.
Hope it stays fine for him and his like. The rest of the world could end up saying the same about the UK.
Thanks Joanna. x
I'm looking at stockpiling for Brexit thanks to a superb list from .. and find myself wondering why I didn't stockpile for today? #emptycupboards
That’s not very nice... we are politically neutral and have figures from across the parties in our ads . Here is one of Boris Do you agree with our 4 points? You can read more here
#UK #parliament will act to #stop #no #deal #Brexit: pro-EU party leader
Sorry, have to put country before party. Can't vote labour while they're a brexit party.
Agreed
Ireland is not in the UK. What the hell is this all about?
"#May says voting against #Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in #democracy" Wrong ! If MPs were to abandon their judgement in favour of our opinion they would betray our trust.
John Major: The cost of a bad #Brexit decision now is too great. Please, stop and think #Brexshit #BrexitShambles #FBPE
This is, and will continue to be, the most unsurprising thing in all of 2019
The EU should kill off the UK’s chance of delaying Brexit
We are F****** Lord Digby ! #Brexit
If there is one thing I would like Brexit to deliver it would be an end to the 2 years of mind numbing Brexit analogies. Here we have one about 2 mountains, you can see them coming, they are nearly always preceded with the words ‘Its a bit like,,,,’
Which Tories are you referring to? The ones given a new easy ride in the press due to #IntegrityInitiative fear of socialism or the ones that look like being split in two for a generation and absolutely hated by anyone under 60 and to be forever blamed for Brexit?
The Democratic people want an Election so we can VOTE all the Un_democratic MPs out &amp; then Vote in a Party that BELIEVES in Democracy &amp; the British people MPs like ur self who stand on a manifesto only 2 try &amp; fool us with Mays Dodgy Deal No Deal is better than a BAD Dodgy Deal
Plus you are just proving my initial point, You are arguing for yet another fantasy Brexit. YOU are a Brexiteer. QED.
Ok. There’s my answer. You couldn’t care less about knowledge, economic education level etc. 1st point confirmed. 2nd, I don’t believe it’ll stagnate, I think it’ll drop like a fvcking stone, except for those deliberately forcing Brexit so that they can benefit financially.
If we actually had pro-Brexit politicians we'd be able to establish a free trade deal with US &amp; reduced tariff deals with plenty other countries. Rather than right now having a half in, half out proposed Brexit deal where we'd have the worst of both worlds.
Even by . standards this is waffle, shows his complete lack of preparation. #brexit
Pity she thinks her WA is delivering on Brexit. Not sure how Remain with No Say is Leave myself....but then I'm just an uneducated bigotted Nazi apparently!!!
Nobody wants Brexit but the cast-iron morons on the Tory Europhobe loonie right-wing and the racist cast-iron morons they've recruited to their cause. It's cast-iron morons all the way down.
Finally a #hedgefund that lets you hedge for, or against #Brexit. Now in final development. Enquire through site. Thanks. #sks8 #liechtenstein
I am on the same side as you!! We need brexit to be a stronger nation and to stop having foreign criminals like Mukhtar Ablyazov entering the UK. We need positive change and securing our borders as a result of brexit is what we need. Will May deliver it though?!
More posturing and not with Corbyns endorsement. Anyhow they will lose an election at present and that will be the end of Labour and any chance of halting Brexit. They are the worst opposition leadership imaginable.
Get this bitch out the horrible anti-British woman
Good game. Have a good Brexit.
Don’t you dare think of leaving - you are valued so much !
This can be avoided at anytime by revoking article 50. So bin deal, save 4 billion in prep, and consider alternatives. Probably best way to save brexit
Southgate would be as calamitous a decision as Brexit.
"History proves that we live in a world that does not favour the minority. For centuries, borders have limited our freedom and dictated our view of the world and we are about to have it all again."
Favourite thread of the last 24 months #Brexit #Ireland
Chuka has been fighting brexit not sure what dm is up to at moment
I wNt a labour government but Brexit is a disaster particularly for us here in NI.There has been a shift away from Brexit and the logic you are using for no referendum if used it would also rule out a general election as there has been no seismic shift away from the Tories either
Captions? #BREXIT
I've thought about and studied the issue, bringing 30 years of international experience to my views. Obviously, though, I'll have to re-consider Brexit now Neil Warnock has spoken.
END OF DEMOCRACY? 'It's game over for Brexit' as MPs plot 'COUP' to stop UK leaving EU
Peak Colin Wanker
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter via
Its becoming apparent there is substantial government collusion to stop Brexit at whatever cost, People need to know how to fight back against these corrupt self serving MPs, Do we the people need to storm parliament and take over ? We need to act now..
When a country decides to bleed itself through and through, it elects the most capable politicians to lead the country to suicide. I know what I’m talking about, I’m Catalan.
Elite architects of Brexit are safe, far behind the front line via
. . Brexit: Direct Democracy Fail . . . .
Brexit was the coup. Financed by powerful elitists trying to hide their money and supported by Putin. Broke the law doing so, used Nazi propaganda and now the British public has seen through the lies and wants to remain and extremists from l &amp; r are upset.
This is shocking, not just because she’s not getting paid, but because this woman PAYS for her own insulin. Great. This is what we have to look forward to post Brexit when the Tory’s plan to sell of the NHS to American insurance companies can come into fruition.
Only if it’s real Brexit. No backstop. No staying in indefinitely. We want a clear and complete Brexit on March 28th 2019.
The Government has to stop peddling lies about Immigrants and start creating jobs in the Brexit voting communities and also these people need to stop blaming Immigrants.
I have friend who voted Brexit. You certainly haven’t spoken to them.
The latest ITS baron samedi! Thanks to #jakpost #brexit
Self-serving Politicians think they can act on their own interests as opposed to the people!
And to hell with the #NHS. #Brexit will kill off the #NHS no matter what #SocialistSunday will tell you.
#Europe: Brexit vote: Are Theresa May’s days as UK Prime Minister numbered? | DW News
all biased
#MayBot They say you should 'stick to your knitting' .. A shite football manager .. and probably stinks at knitting as well! #PeoplesVote
"Theresa"
the idea corbyn can win an election on f/m is frankly ludicrous..its the main reason brexit voters voted to leave
Brexit: Labour and Tory Remainers prepare to unite to REVOKE date of leaving EU. Plan B for some would mean forming a united front with Tory Remainers, the SNP and Lib Dems to revoke Article 50, which takes us out of the EU on March 29.
If you’re a Carpenter in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The only real reason people voted for Brexit because of a fear of terrorism. That's it. The country isn't going to be better off its just about keeping foreigners out
Missed wales out dumbnuts Viva Wales walked out too #brexit
Uhhhhhhh... He doesn't understand Brexit at all
Brexit?
Failure 7: The failed coups on Theresa May With May's resolve gone the ERG could pretty much appoint a patsy to blame if Brexit didn't work out. Sensible Tories saw through this and trusted May's judgement calls than essentially the volatile likes of Rees Mogg and Boris.
warnocks a true BREXIT man
I, for one, welcome our new pensioner-impoverishing overlords #YellowVestsUK #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit means Brexit
Literally hundreds of tweets like this. The level of hate these people have when someone disagrees with them - it's shocking.
Extraordinary that the man who was literally in charge of Brexit negotiations for two years and achieved nothing now insists he has all the answers. Even more extraordinary that anyone takes him seriously!
A fool &amp; a TRAITOR What is the punishment for TREASON
Free Brexit Region ?
#Brexit isn’t democratic. Watch this 7-minute video by to find out why. #FinalSay #PeoplesVote Please share.
MPs say they won’t allow a no deal Brexit. Can they stop one?
the idea corbyn can win an election on f/m is frankly ludicrous..its the main reason brexit voters voted to leave
I am glad to see feel it important to bring ideas about climate change into a discussion about markets and #Brexit Now What were we talking about?
Superb article. Please read and retweet.
Please don't make excuses for him. I watched his interview on Marr &amp; am even more convinced that he's not to be trusted with Brexit. Wouldn't even commit to saying Labour wld respect the 2016 Referendum. We need new political parties to represent us. Labour behaving traitorously.
Time for May to be replaced by a PM that supports Brexit ...with a cabinet that that also supports Brexit = to leave EU and institutions of EU ...let's get it done and move onwards
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘I can’t wait to leave. To hell with the rest of the world’
Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Leaving EU on WTO Terms via
'My message to parliament this weekend is simple: It is time to forget the games and do what is right for our country,' British Prime Minister Theresa May says. #WorldNews
We all should hope that, but that's not what is happening. Brexit won't happen and the EU, UN will take over. EVERYTHING
currently watchin the uk crumble from the inside
When we have Brexit and another Tory Govt, we will know who to blame
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
May wants to stop Brexit - so that won't work
A lot but not all,personally I’d rather remain in the EU as they are not to blame for this country turning to shit but a don’t blame Brexit either for the crap going on only time will really tell if Brexit is a good thing or not hopefully all the experts are wrong.
When the PM loses the vote will J.C call a vote of "No Confidence" then a General Election and then,if Labour wins, block a "No Deal" solution for Brexit? R.I.P the "silenced" majority.
These people are right. We need an election now, before Brexit. We need as Chancellor, we need am immediate wealth tax and we need to proscribe LFI and CFI, we need to invade Israel and put in a Palestinian leader. And we need to do this now.
Even his eyebrows voted leave
Interesting that the most vocal pro brexit papers support May's deal which is effectively brexit in name only with no provision to leave and all control given to EU - what's that all about? Are they stupid or just working to an unknown agenda?
The question to be asked is why? There has to be a future for them that is so good the future of govt and country are irrelevant. They must know they will never get elected again but do not care so the future must be bright
Both of whom seemed clueless on Brexit. But it is right that we get the opinions of all people not just media and parliamentarians.
Don't know why I'm feeling so sleepy Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Failure 6: The failed coups on Theresa May With May's resolve gone the ERG could pretty much appoint a patsy to blame if Brexit didn't work out. Sensible Tories saw through this and trusted May's judgement calls than essentially the volatile likes of Rees Mogg and Boris.
the idea corbyn can win an election on f/m is frankly ludicrous..its the main reason brexit voters voted to leave
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Racists have always spouted their vile views - even before the 2016 referendum. Can #Brexit be blamed for the anti-semitism that has engulfed the Labour Party, or for the vile, racist Leftwards that send abusive tweets to those who are anti-Corbynites?
I think it doesn't work that way... The UK can revoke article 50 by itself but only if EU agrees with extending the time it can be done... And the EU will only allow it if there s a new referendum or elections that will clearly show a new direction about the brexit...
So due to the Brexit craziness and not knowing what the situation is going to be in May, we’ve decided to visit the husband’s family in the UK instead of meeting up in Paris. We planned our itinerary yesterday and I’m so excited!
From The Guardian, 13/01/19 "Government sources said “significant work” was under way to ensure UK exporters could maintain access to EU markets after 29 March. “As part of this we are in close contact with the sheep sector,” one said." Who knew we had a #sheepsector'? #Brexit
Our creaking constitution collides with #Brexit; May and Corbyn at odds with their own parties; Brexit a huge change to our constitution not thought through properly in 2016. Guardian columnist suns up #BrexitShambles.
He would have far more chance of winning it if he set out clearly what Labour’s #Brexit position is. If it’s leave but remain in the single market why doesn’t he just say so?
Not sure how this argument works. Did the conflation undermine EU &amp; help Brexit (because human rights got contentious &amp; polarised) or undermine HRA/EHRC (because EU is contentious &amp; polarised)? If both are argued, how much would unconflating these help?
Schrodingers Brexit
You're projected to lose every seat in Scotland that Labour currently hold, but one and have no policy on #Brexit. I'll stick with because they put Scotland's interests and citizens first.
How will this affect the $ASX? #brexit
’s new favourite manager
Is your point he won't be able to do any of that after Brexit? If not what is your point
If anyone was in any doubt Brexit was bad, the endorsement of this rat should confirm it.
Sound familiar? "Many were understandably looking for something, or someone, to blame – and for too long politicians and others have encouraged this and played on people’s fears, rather than addressing them."
And as a UK citizen, I do not have a chance to vote for any EU policy or to replace Juncker or Tusk which is one of the reasons I voted to leave. Everything about the EU is anti-democratic, so is trying to overturn the Brexit decision.
This ignorance is scandalous. Please be a Brexit-supporter, but this kind of attitude is depressing. Guess his foreign owners could consider to fire him
"And don't get me started on those c*nt voters, the dumb c*nts"
For what?
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
A Corbyn-Brexit or a May-Brexit? "It really would be Tweedledum versus Tweedledee." Liberal Democrats believe the people should have the final say on the Brexit deal and option to remain. Join our campaign if you agree &gt; .news so…
Why don't a Tory turn up to a food bank when it's actually giving out food ? A smile like they did before it opened ? gutless Barstards that's why #GetTheToriesOut #SocialistSunday
Ahead of vote, May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Brexit: Labour and Tory Remainers prepare to unite to REVOKE date of leaving EU. Plan B for some would mean forming a united front with Tory Remainers, the SNP and Lib Dems to revoke Article 50, which takes us out of the EU on March 29.
Great interview for 'thriller master' in #TheSundayExpress today for his #Brexit #EU thriller #TheManWithNoFace pub . Author tour now in #Scotland. Chairs: , . Info &amp; tickets:
Be good if EVERY Tory who is deselected ran as an independent Remain centrist in any GE, thereby splitting the Tory vote or hopefully removing it...
Tactics: Chris Leslie is also developing plans to cut off the salaries of ministers unless Downing Street abides by the rulings of the Commons.
Retweeted with full agreement.
add Corbyn, Starmer and Pennycook - they too are helping deliver Brexit
And whether the economy is better or worse after #brexit in the long term is pure guess work
He states he is happy with the withdrawal agreement, but for some reason he wishes to renegotiate the political statement which he could just unilaterally ditch as it’s not a legally binding agreement. So he is endorsing May’s deal. Vote Lab, get Tory Brexit
If we do have a GE both cons and lab will be wiped out, we have had enough of the deceit and corruption from both. Feel sorry for the few decent MP’s who understand what democracy means
It's pro-remainers who are making a meal out of everything to overturn the vote. It's people who voted for Brexit who are being ignored. The reason Brexit is a mess is because Parliament is majority remain and going against the majority who voted leave.
Brexit is causing this
Leave Voters can be as furious as they like. This Brexit insanity must be stopped. Rioters can be dealt with.
The answer to this is simple - Leave won.
Parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit - pro-EU party leader
The fucking prat
Uncertain, Nostalgic, Uncomfortable &amp; Bewildered: a portrait of #UK, #UKIP, #BREXIT voters who suffer from xenophobia.
“Let’s define a margin of victory this time”, or put another way: Phase 1 Second ref, but with long 90’s pop metaphors Phase 2 ? Phase 3 We win
We know all about it
Where are these Brexit benefits
Whilst backing Brexit which will shrink the economy resulting in lower taxes from which he hopes to do all of these things. You cannot do more with less. For fantasies not the many.
Very interesting conversation with a young fairly liberal German about the EU and the state of Germany. Seems that all isn’t as rosy in the garden of Eden as some might have us believe #brexit
Brexit and Trump...it all goes back to Russia. David Lammy is spot on!
UK and Euro has had a good bounce but markets at R. Big Brexit vote Tues that Govt likely to lose and we're then into unknown political territory. German economy slowing rapidly. Might be good to go to 100% cash tomorrow on UK and Euro account.
What a relief. #brexit
A depressing choice between 2 ineffective and hypocritical parties. Neither deserve to lead.
Your right, 1 thing that is very simple to understand is the billions being spent to prepare for Brexit. Far from getting a dividend from brexit we are running up massive debts to bankrupt the country for no good reason.
Labour's Jeremy Corbyn gave his clearest indication yet that his party is ready to call a no-confidence ballot within days of Theresa May losing a U.K. parliamentary vote on her Brexit deal
“Nearly 90% of party members would opt to stay in the EU in a ‘people’s vote’, finds survey”
He’s hoping it gets rid of all them foreign managers who’ve made him look like a pile of shit his whole career.
To hell with the rest of the world hahahahaha
What's up with Cyprus ?
Corbyn fucking sucks and honestly shows what Bernie would be like if he had any power
Atrocities, I want councils, MP's etc to go to jail for allowing grooming gangs, I want illegals thrown out, the list is endless and Brexit is just the start. We want MP's with allegiances elsewhere, we don't want anyone but the people to lobby etc etc
Brexit was a roar for change - and Britain is capable of so much more than this via
Hopefully the Sussex's baby will NOT be born on 29th March. Otherwise it could be named Brexit
Finally a #hedgefund that lets you hedge for, or against #Brexit. Now in final development. Enquire through site. Thanks. #sks8 #liechtenstein
A huge thank you to all the motorists passing Parliament and Downing Street during the Leave means Leave demonstration there last week who showed the incredible support for Brexit amongst ordinary voters by sounding their horns as requested by Brexit demonstrators
Colin... much has changed on the Brexit discussion. If I were you, I would refresh my opinions to a more up to date version. "Jobs first" ... Wow!
What does that leave? No deal Brexit. By default. Those are the facts.
75 days! That is all. #Brexit
You obviously came from a posh and discerning home. In a post Brexit Britain everyone will smell of this:
I am labour. But Corbyn disappoints me. Don’t want brexit. If he isn’t going to do more he’s going to get nowhere.
To do what is right for our country Mrs May is for you to step down, the ERG have shown what is needed to get the job done, not the diabolical deal you are trying to ram down our throats!!
There are more MPs in favour of a softening of the Brexit deal than a hardening I would suggest. Strikes me that's the only way to pass it.
Yeah and he’s rubbish.. why would I vote for someone who can’t tell me what his Brexit vision is? along with him being an IRA sympathiser and someone whos happy to break up the UK Union and get rid of our royal family! He’s a union puppet and leftist extremist!
And he is still doing Russia's bidding but dividing our country, just the way Brexit divided Europe. Divide and conquer. Putin is dancing in the halls of the Kremlin.
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
BREXIT confirms to the people of the UK that our Parliament isn't there to serve or deliver to the people, but rather to give arrogant, self serving MPs a career &amp; a roof over their heads. As Cromwell said..."Ye are grown intolerably odious to the whole nation." L Stanbury 2018
Corbyn trying to out lie May - mission impossible. When will the jerk get a grip on the threats that Brexit will provide in abundance to the very people he purports to represent? Too many posh people in parliament for which politics is a hobby rather than vocation.
BREXIT or "to hell with rest of the world".
Tories on brink: Historic split looms as Brexiteers and Remainers threaten to torpedo government via
Labour's Jeremy Corbyn gave his clearest indication yet that his party is ready to call a no-confidence ballot within days of Theresa May losing a U.K. parliamentary vote on her Brexit deal
Brexit is a tragic mistake. I’m happy some aspects are not as bad as they could be. Sensible treatment of British expats is in everyone’s interest. Same goes for EU expats living in the UK. Sad and silly the UK doesn’t realise that part.
Brexit DID bring out the far right nutters. The anti immigrant rhetoric lifted the lid on the FRNs, and Brexit achieved will make them worse. We need to tackle the debate head-on and put them, and little englanders back in their boxes.
#UK #Brexit voters, #UKIP are made of the dispossesed self disheartened white public in the Pub/Bar. Maybe we can expect profitable Pub/Bar businesses in villages and small towns.
So Cameron who in his student days did things to pigs heads (reference the I.Oakeshott book) has by unleashing the Brexit genie brought out the Gammon voter (reference Question Time under Dimbleby)
Carragher &amp; Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit via #brexit
So if lab and con support Brexit what you going to do?
'To hell with the rest of the world' - #CardiffCity manager Neil Warnock offers his thoughts on #Brexit
Another reason I never have and probably never will vote It's time for a common sense centre party I'm a lifelong Lib but VC is a disaster cf JC. Lord help us
unfortunately Corbyn is misguided seeking a GE. Should seek a single issue #PeoplesVote immediately to fix #brexit and help unite the country. GE could follow. /cc
It's been the Remainers long term plan.
WREXIT: This is the real plan to vacate the Brexit referendum results -
Not to mention that..
This would be fun in the unlikely event there is a GE soon....
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
We #Leavers all KNOW what is going on Robert. This #ToryGovt and UKLabour are conspiring to CANCEL #Brexit altogether. Oh there'll be "political blood" on the streets, oh yes, you cannot keep down a BETRAYED PUBLIC!
Newsflash, James. BOTH things can be true.
Colin living up to his anagramised name here.
Chris Grayling #FailingGrayling denies 'void' in Tory government over #Brexit plan B - perhaps has the answer?!
In truth many do little attempt to integrate. I enjoy multiculturalism but it has to work both ways.
Brexit is the brexiteers version of the wall.
Naughty
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
It'll be a Bronco Brexit then
So your saying people who are for Brexit in no way might want to visit Malaysia? he's clearly saying "to hell with the rest of the world" in political context, nothing to do with tourism, Joe 'Politics' is it? Wow
Pure treachery for Corbyn. A career defining moment that he failed completely.
The solution is to #RevokeA50 after May loses on Tuesday.
Fuck me. Who caused Brexit? Yeah, fuck that guy
Both may and Corbyn want softbrexit but may wants to end freemovement as well. So May’s deal is not realistic. Corbyn wants CU brexit which is easy to implement and has great certainty for the country, but labor will then lose millions votes from hard labor Brexiteers
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B The stymied Irish border, freezing the DUP vote is " The spanner" that will be removed from the works.
Trillions more will be made by British people.
Somewhat lacking in the command of facts.........
#TheResistance #maga #trumptrain #JailTrump #RepublicanParty #RussianAsset #ImpeachTheMF #magats #trumprussia Yes. We realised too late, although we should have known better. But with the 'new' technologies, the scale was unprecedented.
"The prime minister is a former Remainer trying to find a form of #Brexit that can satisfy a majority and the opposition leader is a Brexiter leading a Remainer party who has little interest in trying to resolve the deadlock." Nice summary.
It is a shame, the dispirited #Brexit voters, Leave #EU out, won #UK #referendum, simply because the 'remain, in' failed to go out and vote.
Teachers are facing a barrage of questions about Brexit. They can’t stay quiet | Iesha Small They must not stay quiet
Can’t take a man that says referendrum seriously
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
Sage like wisdom.
THR: Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter (BB)
THR: REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU (BB)
What utter BS, Brexit was an overly confident man usng our membership of the EU as a chew toy... just because children don't want to eat their vegetables does not mean we should acquiesce to them. via
Working Class people are usually more left leaning. Warnock has always been right wing, so Brexit unsurprisingly suits him. Brexit is by the extreme right, for the extreme right.
get to bed early big day tomorrow sort the VEGANS out then BREXIT you know you can do it
Brexit, NHS, Policing, Social Housing all are in complete disarray because of this Tory government. We have #NoConfidence in them - we want a General Election now!
I went to the Brexit department website to find its ministers because it really did seem worth knowing who this tit is.
Is anyone out there on these life damaging wireless waves aware I am sick of hearing why No Brexit with business investments etc in the same sentence. EU is falling to bits and has no money except for its staff.They have just printed over 2.5 trillion Euros out of thin air#bbc
No, it would not be disastrous to halt Brexit. But a step in the RIGHT FUCKING DIRECTION.
May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit
"Germany will melt before the might of the plucky British," redux.
The face of Brexit.
Breitbart: Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
Never thought I’d become a fan of Bercow, Grieve and Soubrey, they should be proud of their achievements holding the government to task re Brexit, whereas you Quentin are basically just a critic.
via Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
The lunatics run the asylum
The breathtaking selfishness of a party who wish to gain power and to still go ahead with the very thing which is tearing us apart. #Brexit
Chris Grayling denies 'void' in government over Brexit plan B Transport secretary defends May’s stance amid reports of ‘plots’ by MPs to take control
Is brexit was a face...
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
A general election is probably the only solution, but it will be a logistical nightmare. Local political association will be frantically looking for new candidates who support their aspirations for a post Brexit UK. Mrs May has much to apologise for.
Unless it means a brexit where the first thing to go is jobs
And this from the Brexit White Paper
The danger of this approach is that - like Brexit ref - some voters think they are voting for it, but in practice they get proper full-blown Nationalism.
Cheer up all this froth &amp; fury will all be over soon.
more voices saying what we all know - Brexit is BAD for the future of our country and we want it stopped.
What do you feel are the biggest obstacles facing the UK if Brexit were a total non issue? Genuinely curious since you are a citizen of the country
Uber Wealth Defender has logged online - fucking shame she went this path but not surprising.
Check out ’s Tweet:
I think one would have to say that a Labour Brexit would almost certainly be even less "unifying" than a Tory one. A Labour Brexit would piss off everyone but a tiny few, whereas at least a Tory Brexit would keep most Tories happy ...
John Major: Let's take time out and revoke Article 50. What a statesman he seems compared with those in charge of the current government, who are prepared to hold the entire country to ransom in order to get their way. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
David Lammy and Caroline Lucas on the Fraud that is Brexit. Two speeches.
If there were to be a #PeoplesVote between the Brexit deal on offer and staying in the EU how do you think it would go and why?
Exactly, they need our cooperation after Brexit, they’ll have lost one of their strongest members and largest contributors.
I guess Yes. It is more a Brexit from the EU. Turkey, and Russia both non-EU members participate in the UCL.
What a star..
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: So it is being blocked by the absolute left that we have at the moment who have removed democracy for the majority ? Blocking Brexit could cause far-right surge - Grayling -
Hilarious..... These people are more stupid than they think leave voters are !! Unbelievable
The concern many have in relation to getting meds after a no deal Brexit
I want a 2nd referendum and I think the Scottish people have the right to an Indy ref as often as they want one. I'd be sad to see Scotland leave the UK though. But I'd understand. Depending on Brexit outcome, I may be moving north of the border anyway.
Lol, not enough days in London. Don't really want 24/7 Brexit either. Brexit is plastered all over the walls and front pages here. Think we're crackers.
So, according to Theresa May, failing to deliver #Brexit will annoy the far right. But, delivering #Brexit will empower the far right. Personally I would rather they were annoyed and not empowered. That's what happened in Germany in 1933. #PeoplesVote
I would have accepted it sadly, but expected that May would recognise the closeness of the vote and strive for a soft Brexit, but she has tried to appease her hard liners to save the Tory party, and I truly believe her Brexit will damage the country.
There is going to be a massive increase in bots, shills &amp; troll farm activity related to the #Brexit debate &amp; vote. It is up to #Remain #PeoplesVote &amp; #FBPE to be diligent in identifying &amp; reporting those accounts to keep as clean as possible. Try to spot a bot Pls RT.
After his stupid tweets on the old and Brexit, Hucknall is spot on here. And it sounds like he’s been listening intently to - as anyone interested in improving the human condition should!!
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote
Turn it in you slaver
What part silly girl .
China/Russia not using USD. US/Iran sanction. US/Mexico wall. Brexit - UK/Europe. French protests. How long before Europe is separated? The whole world is slowly being separated. Think about it?
Anti-Brexit campaigners really do act like a ‘metropolitan elite’, with little or no interest in northern and working-class people
When trying to find Podcasts on SoundCloud or Podbean, searching "Brexit central" does not produce search results. In order to find the channel you need to search "Brexitcentral" (one word). Perhaps correcting this will help more people find the podcast.
Wrong once again . How can anyone vote for someone who doesn’t do his basic homework.
OOPS, my mistake:
Mortgage approvals decline in November as Brexit uncertainty impacts housing market
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Racist morons will be racist morons.....
This is what millions of UK citizens want, not the restrictive Withdrawal deal that May is trying to ram through.
David is that why in #Brexit before you resigned there was no negotiation or compromise.
Just saying what the majority are thinking....well said that man. #brexit #GoWTO #NoDealNoProblem
Any country that instructs their police to attack their own citizens for exercising their democratic right to peaceful demonstration is certainly not in the civilised sphere of the UK - well, until there’s riots due to a hard brexit anyway! Slainté
Dan O'Brien: 'With 75 days to Brexit, our future's on the line'
Guido, not opposing ‘s deal is thwarting Brexit.
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote -
MPs must vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal in large enough numbers to kill it forever via
For those that say they didn't know #Brexit- You knew the peace, security &amp; economic progress we had in #EU. Now unknown.
Shame they always put a pic up of pensioners. A lot of us are still working in the EU!!!
Just a reminder that a British registered vessel does not have to have any British Crew apart from Cadets on board. Not even the Captain.
So, does Norway offer an alternative #Brexit blueprint, if/when the prime minister’s deal is voted down? 13/28
Closed door secret negotiations?
Mrs May ....The women a utter joke, she has already betrayed our democracy and our trust. And our trust in her has long gone, she nothing more than a lying traitor and needs to be gone.
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
Look, Labour's fantasy Brexit isn't possible so it's either a second ref and we possibly stay, or no deal. It really is that simple.
The history books will only ever say.... The Tories caused Brexit
Stop using the fucking "mistrust in democracy" excuse. The entirety of brexit being lying nationalist propaganda did way more for democracy mistrust
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
If brexit was a face
Amen to that. Not voting for any pro Brexit party if there is an election. (Although there won’t be)
MPs clearly do not have an understanding of how to run the country effectively. Years of blaming EU restrictions as reason for inaction to ignore &amp; misread the electorate, MPs find they are isolated with no-one to blame other than themselves for making BREXIT a race for power
Poppycock! I for one will not sit idly by while intelligent thoughtful people make pragmatic suggestions to try and prevent the total collapse of the western alliance that has kept much of the world safe and prosperous for the last several decades. #Brexit #Trump #PeoplesVote
Brisk Brexit emoji
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
If you believe this to be the case then why the hell did you quit as Brexit Secretary? Think of all that free wine and cheese you could of had.
Increased hate crimes, weakened pound, job losses, and companies moving abroad are hardly ‘sunny uplands’, unless you’re a racist disaster capitalist, I guess. We’re spending billions preparing for a No Deal Brexit that could have been spent on the NHS. I don’t have a President.
In setting out the UK’s past in its relations with the EU has also brought the present dilemma together very clearly and should be essential reading for all interested in the whole Brexit debate. Stunning how the issue of NI was identical then to now. A great piece.
That's not true at all. I would vote for Corbyn if he took a stronger stance against Brexit. Stop spreading these lies.
Yes. Sign often and sign always. It is a matter of keeping up the pressure. Even on the glum days. So don’t let up for a moment, or May &amp; her minions will claim we support #Brexit #DespicableMay
It's a complete mystery.
Would you ever marry a brother who supports Brexit? — Authubillah
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
Brilliant for the UK constitution Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
Your a moron Rees - Mogg you and your kind will be fine with a no deal brexit but millions won't be.
If you can't pronounce the word "referendum" properly then you probably don't qualify for an opinion on it.
Taking back control? Brexit seems to offer exactly the opposite
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
I don’t understand why you would want a local election as local government has nothing to do with brexit as it’s a national issue. Local councillors are there to make decisions on your behalf in local issues.
So sorry to hear that, he is such an evil little creature,,, why did he ever become the president,,, we are having a similar awful time with brexit,,, i am ashamed by it all,,, greed culture is vile
If Brexit FC is formed, warnock would be manager with mark noble captain
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
Yet doesn’t want a referendum
Brexit has already been negotiated, incompetently as far as the UK goes. What grounds are there to imagine EU has any interest in negotiating again, especially given that the other bunch may well be just as useless as the Tories?
Labour's failure to oppose Brexit or even scrutinise it will live with me for ever, it's unforgivable and incompetent. Look at Emily Thornberry here, they do not deserve power, the Labour front bench is not fit for purpose. (except Starmer)
You don't have a monopoly in caring about these things, they are important but hard to resolve if your leader is intent on crippling the economy with brexit. I don't need lectures I've voted Labour for 30 years until this fool emerged.
With Brexit in chaos, will it ever get approved? Maybe peoples vote isn't needed, just wait for parliament to implode and then for an act of desperation to get A50 revoked.
May’s #brexit policy comes down to let’s strive for mediocrity - this from our great country
What. Is. Going. On?!
No idea who this ozzy is but he’s a funny dude
In case any of our followers have not seen them: 1: Referendums (I wrote this before the 2014 Scottish one) 2: Democracy in the present political mess: (written very recently)
Neil Warnock piping up about Brexit now: ‘I think it will be straightforward me’. Cheers Neil, all is well, don’t know what the fuss has been about really. #referendrum
On Brexit, there is no way to 'bring the country together', so why don't they stop waffling on and using that phrase?
Why was a clause placed into May's Deal to give government officials immunity from prosecution? Have they done something wrong? Is the Finchley Rd's massive fraud connected?
No, not necessarily; I guess one could say, “I support Brexit going ahead but will then immediately campaign for the UK to open its borders”, but that seems... naive? In terms of post-PV strategy, for me the key thing is to combine advocacy of stopping Brexit with a &gt;
Heading back after lovely birthday weekend in Oslo.Didn’t find Norway + option but did go to see the Scream in the National Museum. Apparently being lent to London from 1st April. Irony is not dead. Perhaps there will be free admission after Brexit, as we will all feel like this!
Oh look, lies from the Labour leader!
I don't think these types care a jot about history just how much money they can make.
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
........and they are planning to destroy democracy in the UK. They will do it at their own peril.
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html We will #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here Thanks
#UK is out of #EU, #Brexit. Resulting, UK will have to look forward to rejoin EU, only by accepting #Euro and joining #Schengen. drawback?
The fact is there is just not enough of the country behind Brexit - you needed more people behind it - its no good taking forward such major change with onlyu 37% of a gerrymandered electorate - you need the country to all believe in it #bbcnews
Sophisticated analysis - presumably all future teams he picks will have 11 Welsh starters...
BBC News - Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal #Brexit
Meanwhile, though, their government are letting Russia get away with using chemical weapons in a NATO country, letting Russia finance their Brexit and allowing their oligarchs to hold their country to ransom because money. It's obscene. And I can't understand it. How?!
I never hear May about BREXIT, she's pushing some deal to remain close to the EU. I wouldn't recommend that....
Check out ’s Tweet:
They talk about a Norway-plus #Brexit because they think the UK should additionally be in the/a customs union (which Norway is not). 15/28
Theresa May has been doing everything she can to sabotage BREXIT. Her latest ploy is to proclaim how bad it would be to "REVERSE THE VOTE FOR BREXIT", trying to conflate Brexit itself with her sham deal to maintain ties with the EU. VOA is anti-BREXIT and supports MAY in this.
Many would suggest that the main void in this government is in Chris Grayling's head...
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
No they are not (or should not be). Mays choice is not Brexit as it will keep us shackled to the customs union forever. We can wave goodbye to making trade deals on our own, and in our interests.
: kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
I agree Digby as much as i dislike this deal there’s a real danger the anti democrats will block brexit , disgraceful but possible !
Like he stood up to brexit, housing, universal credit, criminal justice etc etc.Despite the rampant abuse of the UK through austerity, weaponised welfare in a hostile environment, people queuing at food banks and dying on the streets Labour is only 3 points ahead. He's useless.
Don't fear it. Embrace it. Because from a betrayal of Brexit will come a howl of fury which will inspire a revolution. The rotten facade of our democracy will burn, &amp; from it a true democracy, with a humbled elite living with the foot of the people on their throats, will be born
Yup. Brexit is a wanker's errand.
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
I replied to this Brexit supporter. As he replied to my tweet saying " we're on our way to better life with or without you". He then deleted his tweet to stop me answering. So I'm asking now what is it? What's this better life ? No deal WTO? May's deal? Or another sunlit upland?
Even his recent Brexit speech was a masterpiece in evasion and dodging the question. Plenty platitudes about the many and the few but he refused to come out and unequivocally commit to #Brexit what the many voted for. How can democrats trust #Corbyn?
Duplicitous quisling B'stard!!!
Labour's failure to oppose Brexit or even scrutinise it will live with me for ever, it's unforgivable and incompetent. Look at Emily Thornberry here, they do not deserve power, the Labour front bench is not fit for purpose. (except Starmer)
Here dies a once great democracy. Tory (May's) plan half leaves, Remoaners (blocking Brexit) remains, Labour likely to do block Brexit &amp; Lib Dems WILL. Wde vo0ted to LEAVE!
Most Labour MPs, most members, most voters are pro-EU. We have to work with them! Maybe they are trying to pull a trick and Brexit. But that will be soon found out, when they have to position themselves. Keep the pressure, but also some hope. He is not worse than May!
Theresa May is an international embarrassment. How hard is it to negotiate some trade deals and say goodbye to the E.U? Problem is she's not working for the British people. She's working for E.U. bureaucrats who only want to reverse the Brexit vote that they so disdain.
... trying to trigger #Brexit with no vote "
#Brexit tweets: " MPs saying ‘no’ to Executive isn’t a ‘coup’. It’s parliamentary democracy in action. It’s Ministers who consistently try to overrule Parliament: stacking committees; forcing through Henry VIII powers; withholding papers; breaking pairing; ...
I want to keep my frodom of meevement!
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
No brexit is the best option as you well know Nads .... #RevokeA50
Racism is cancer. It is the maximum of hate for the minimum of reason. This old white Privileged man, steeped in his own self hate &amp; sense of entitlement is ill IMO. Nobody is born racist. He has been chiselled this way, probably by his parents and the U.K. right wing press.
What is a fake law?
another election will achieve nothing - we expect all of our MPs to work together on this, even if that means resigning the whip - constituents before party ...
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
I can't bear to look at this woman anymore......jeez....take her away!
I spent a day on pro Brexit Facebook pages. This is what I discovered #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #DUP #sinnfein #moggmentum #momentum #bbcpapers
When throwing his hat into the ring in the fight for the Tory leadership BoJo still struck a moderate #brexit tone. He then decided to nibble at a leg of the chair May is sitting on.
yup - thats the ‘good at politics’ bit - i think the way he’s transformed PMQs with questions from the public is brilliant, for example. just wish he’d show his hand a little re:brexit. i’ll be interested to see what manifesto they come out with, should he get his GE...
You are right. I suppose I’d like to try and say I am debating democracy and the relationship between government and parliament. What seems to be going on at the moment has implications far beyond Brexit.
As distinct vestiges of the past century, #MayMustGoNow #CorbynMustGoNow UK now needs a strong inspiring leader, not a self-serving xenophobic political face. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitSaveBritain
If my team was at the bottom of the league and staring relegation in the face I think I would rather talk about Brexit than football!
He did answer it. He said no unequivocally. He may not have said the word but as it is so much in his interests to back a People’s Vote his silence is deafening. Best to be clear as there is no doubt about what he wants. He wants out of Europe same as May. He does not want a PV.
It's not the only way these people are making money out of Brexit and ordinary people's misery, those with investment companies are making fortunes every week , ask Rees Mogg, ask Mays Husband, ask Farage just how my millions they have ripped you off by over the last 2 years
I built a life for myself in the UK, now Brexit has unravelled it | Metro News
No need for this desperate stuff. Rowling. You will have to pay slightly more tax under Labour. It’s not the end of the world, you will still be a multi-billionaire. Instead of pulling up the ladder, you will help other single mothers on benefits -as you once were- get a leg up.
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
These two people keep Brexit going so for now Im calm. Diane Abbott and Jeremy Corbyn render Labour unelectable. If Yvette Cooper or Chuka Umunna took over Brexit would be scrapped.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
That would help avoid post-Brexit border checks in Ireland. But it would also limit the UK’s ability to make trade deals around the world, as EFTA does. 16/28
Failure 7: "Britsplaining" The Brexit miscalculation of Ireland's position/The Brexit miscalculation of Northern Ireland's position. Generally underestimating how complicated the totalitarity of relations are in Ireland and how any border triggers sensitivities here.
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK - BBC News
John Mann - it's like a daily bowel movement #BrexitDeal
Will you run for the Party leadership? You'd be popular with the party faithful and you'd deliver Brexit
Why a #PeoplesVote will achieve the same result as before. Thankyou worth a follow
Seriously, Jane, because I spend so much time on Twitter, and a little on FB, tailing about Brexit, my bungalow has deteriorated to a tip.
UK - Brexit - UK to leave the EU by the 29/03/2019? Current odds on the exchanges: Yes 22% No 78%
#Brexit from here!!!
If they go down, I hope there’s a banner in the ground which says ‘relegation means relegation’ Dickhead.
&amp; his grammatolatry- a #UK #BREXIT supporter, with only policy, against 'immigrants', how does he really feel about , ?
Time for politicians to deliver the Brexit we voted for - #Peterborough
Brexit Innit
Oh I can't wait until these clowns are in control. Is this #Brexit is it? #TurningBackEvolution
14/6/2016 Daily Telegraph “Johnson and Gove, the two leading figures in the Leave campaign, have drawn up a blueprint for implementing a Brexit. Sensibly, it calls for flexibility and a period of reflection”
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
IDS is correct We need the Brexiters 2 make a STAND against all the Corrupt Politicians Then we can get rid of them a the next election
sad reflection of the pathetic insults by some so called Labour Party members, Corbyn has more common sense than the RW put together, he knows what he is doing whilst they live in a fantasy world.
Theresa May ‘could be kicked out on Wednesday’ if she loses Commons vote on Brexit deal
Sir Vince Cable has blasted Jeremy Corbyn, saying his Brexit stance is now more confusing than ever. | #Brexit
They can stick the backstop letter up their you know what!!
Tory remain voters will not elect Labour for a Labour brexit. Labour remainers are feeling politically homeless and will defect to Green or LibDem. Those who are sure will vote Tory as they're scared.
It really won't be necessary. I feel both parties would be a disaster. The 'reversion' is just a result of BrExit and tactical voting required because of FPTP, which doesn't appear to be creating strong governments. It is broken and the electorate are waking up.
An example of Jeremy Corbyns stupidity and willingness to peddle fake news to achieve his goals.
GBP/USD Weekly Forecast: Opening Pandora’s box of No Brexit set to support Sterling as UK parliament is set to reject the Brexit deal | #forex #market #trading #investments #finance #money #financial #news The GBP/USD was mired by rising Brexit...
justice is safe passage. Brexit is nono.
: kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
BREXIT confirms to the people of the UK that this Parliament isn't there to serve or deliver to the people, but rather to give arrogant, self serving MPs a career &amp; a roof over their heads. As Cromwell said..."Ye are grown intolerably odious to the whole nation." L Stanbury 2018
We the people are increasingly unwilling to put up with being insulted and deceived by corporate Britain. People power will prevail ultimately expressed at the ballot box, the checkout, and on the streets.
Well worth the read:
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
please explain. There’s no wish for a no deal.
Yeah I've picked up guys are aware what's going on like they have a 6th sense. But London is a hectic city and I agree there are those who love the opportunity to use Brexit as their punch bag.
We cannot let Jeremy Corbyn use brexit to advance his power aspirations... this is the future of our failing country .... brexit must go ahead because the people voted for it..
Arsehole. Always was, always will be!
Not an accident, Sunder. From late 1990s onwards Tory, then UKIP, Sun, Mail, Tel kept accusing "European" judges of dictating to us, protecting terrorists etc. Press would say EU judges. It was deliberately done to paint "Europe" in negative colours.
Corbyn isn't avoiding coming out for Remain/backing a #peoplesvote for fear of enraging the media and uniting the Tories, he's doing so because he favours Brexit.
Check out ’s Tweet:
Final Brexit? May forced to speed up Plan B options if deal rejected
I agree. Your stance on Brexit is letting people down.
Evidence-based critique is fine: it’s complicated and there are arguments for both sides of Brexit. But the interview was a good one and Corbyn was clear and calm despite interruptions from Marr. is simply smearing for his frightened masters.
Brexit is not only making Great-Britain poorer but also divided as it has never been before. Putin is delighted.
.And Gerry Adams was never in PIRA...and a thousand &amp; one other lies &amp; distortions... is so wrapped up in its own deceptions that it cannot (&amp; probably never could) recognise fact from fiction
Mr Bloke, what are the Brexit benefits for you personally? E.g. what can you do after Brexit that you can’t do today?
So it’s good old fashioned xenophobia then? Brexit will mean less opportunities for everyone in this country. It’ll make the NHS worse. It’ll make the country less secure. It won’t be a better place for your son in all likelihood.
Richard Keys telling managers to pay for their own players and Warnock being a Brexity twat too. Football's Yer Da are out in force this weekend.
I'm still left wondering why seems to find it necessary to alienate a large section of his electorate. Whether they vote for him or not because of his Brexit ideas, he has a massive headache coming his way.
$1 trillion is leaving Britain because of Brexit
Living brain donor that man. Brexit has seemed to give people a nasty bravado. Tories should stop stoaking this man's fire!!
Thanks for confirming that BREXIT is a coup ... Nasty business what?!
Still following from Leeds. Still hating Trump, Brexit and still, and always, looking for lads coming to Leeds to study or work to join . All abilities welcome. AGM tomorrow in at 7.30pm.
Havn't we had 2 GE over brexit..
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of #Brexit deal vote take a read
Obviously “to help with the world” grabs the headlines but that first bit raises a reasonable point. Clubs don’t know if Brexit is going to make some transfers harder/impossible. Do you buy someone now in case you can’t get them after the end of March?
slaphead James why u always moan on brexit get sir bill cash yet again to explain&amp; ash he’s very intelligent I know he’s ugly as hell sir bill for prime minster my favourite MP
Brexit now. Leave the EU. Take back control of and make a Great Britain. #Brexit #LeaveEU #PremierLeague #YellowVests #GiletJaunes #GiletsJaunes
Brexit is the magic beans
You're right, I just feel Brexit will negatively affect the country in many other ways, worse than staying in the EU. For example, we may have a shortage of food and medicine for a while as a result of Brexit.
Alleged Russian interference in the 2016 Brexit referendum - Wikipedia #HolocaustMemorialDay #MLK #GrenfellTower
Honestly ! Politicians don’t know shit - how are we to trust them ?
I suggested before #BREXIT vote, for to say he'd resign if #UK votes out of #EU. That would have made the seriousness of "leave".
Corbyn is a dithering traitorous pig who will go where the wind blows and never give a straight answer even if his life depended on it!
The obsession of #PeoplesVote cultists with another referendum is mind blowing. In a parliamentary democracy, referendums aren't how things are settled. It works in direct democracies such as Switzerland, whereas all it does in a country like UK is polarising the society #Brexit
Haha to say hell to the rest of the world when your sitting behind a visit Malaysia advertising sign is sooooo Brexit #onlypickbritishplayersfortherestoftheseasonthen
The majority on a single day in 2016, a significant chunk of whom are now dead or have changed their minds. We need a #PeoplesVote to show that #Brexit is not the #WillOfThePeople. Socialist policies need a stable and wealthy country, they'll be impossible after Brexit.
Interesting parallels between 's struggle with Commons over Brexit and Trump's with House over his wall. Both are contests between a legislature and the executive. In both cases, both sides claim a mandate from the public. The legislature is right in both cases.
I will, yes. And I take your point that as a minority, there is an analogy to be drawn between far right support for Brexit and Lib Dem support of Brexit. But the difference is that Brexit fits into the ethos of the far right in a way it doesn’t with the Lib Dems.
What do you know about Brexit.. keep doing what you think you good at
I think I speak on behalf of ALL the #Brexit voters when I say, I will never vote in another reforrendum, or election. What’s the point! Good luck to the remainers and lefties. You will ruin this country.
Hard Brexit= Short term difficult, long-term sovereignty Deal Brexit= Short term difficult, long-term weakened sovereignty Delay Article 50= Indefinite neutered government Follow Dominic Grieve= Destroy UK, indefinite neutered government Best for Scotland Hard Brexit, #indyref2
My favorite part of this is “Rather than trying to deliver what people voted for and bring the country together, [Jeremy Corbyn] wants to try and force a general election,” which is exactly what she did in 2017
This has got nothing to do with brexit, it's a global phenomenon and there is video footage to support that white supremacist bigots are losing their minds all over the planet.
This is a really basic and troubling error. Demonstrates how little he knows or understands about Europe.
You have to wonder at the state of the education system. Maybe we need more “liberal elites”, whoever they are, and less intellectually challenged idiots? At least liberal elites are generally educated.
You think the UK has the Euro?
It would be catastrophic to halt Brexit, May warns
One word sums up the Tories on #brexit and it's nowhere near as polite as bollocks
Brexit under Corbyn is REMAIN.
Warnock is an idiot
You think people are stupid isn't So but in your. Case ?
It still doesnt make it an EU institution, though, and this matters re UK perception and expectations for their post-Brexit relationship with the rest of Europe.
I'm certainly not doing it again only to be told again that I voted for Brexit. These two parties have both shown they can't govern so I'll go for a longer shot. We have to do it sometime
Anything is better than Mays deal and no deal so Corby has to do better by definition
John Mann is a complete imposter. Utterly shameless any elected Labour MP would vote to enable a Tory regime that’s sole purpose is to make the rich better off. #Brexit
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal - The minute the referendum results were known, negotiations should have begun with EVERY trade partner worldwide. Instead - nada; we're in a bloody shambles. #NoBrexit #RevokeArticle50 #SaveTheUK
Sadly the current Brexit plan is virtually identical to May's, except the customs arrangement is permanent instead of a temporary backstop.
The executive branches of British Parliamentary systems are constituted of members of the majority party by its Leader.History shows Cabinet Ministers are largely chosen by the Leader from the wealthy upper class. When this class runs amok as in Brexit then war ensues with MPs.
And not even a hint of irony after watching a nil-nil draw between Cardiff and Huddersfield.
Shouldnt even stick to that either to be honest...
Colin wanker
Here's everything you need to know about the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal this week
$1 trillion is leaving Britain because of Brexit
Jeremy Corbyn admits he would rather see a Brexit deal than a second referendum |
Gina Miller forced the meaningful vote.corbyn forced brexit through with his 3 line whip. Tuesday? Let's see shall we.
Neil Warnock epitomising every 70 years pro-brexiteer across the country My personal favourite bit of this article is “Warnock launches into a scathing review of the prime ministers handling of Brexit following his sides 0-0 draw with Huddersfield”
Yeah, that’s exactly what I’m saying. You said folk are trying to overturn it.. but if you represent a constituency that doesn’t support Brexit - then what do you do ? Supporting Theresa May’s Brexit deal could destroy an MP in a remain constituency
Lawyers who respect democracy and support Brexit. Now there's a pleasant surprise
Russian President Putin is pro-Brexit, because he backed Brexit and warned Theresa May to steer clear of a second referendum...
here's 2 for you #Remainers &amp; #Leavers to ponder. 1, What if the Leavers won the #PeoplesVote? would we have a 3rd vote or if the margin was v.narrow would #Leavers demand a 3rd vote? 2, Germany has entered into a recession. UK gonna bail #EU out? #Politicians #Brexit #AngryUK
You're obviously entitled to your opinion on what constitutes Brexit Phil but Farage was happily embracing the Norway model in the run up to the referendum. If May's version of Brexit doesn't meet your criteria shouldn't you be able to democratically vote as whether you want it?
Brexit is not racist. We have just been shafted by the liberal elite. We are more relaxed about immigration now that we know we are leaving the EU. We will get back control of our borders. That’s not racism.
Brexit - 75 days British democracy was subverted in 2016. &amp; : here’s Plan B for you MPs. Plan A will never bring this country together. Ever. 13.1.2019
From leave #EU vote #BREXIT &amp; win, what I take is, that people will realise the relevance of voting and resulting change.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote. This is devastating for all of us in similar positions - my psychotherapy training practice is based in Romania &amp; I live in Germany. I don't know if it can continue.
Blocking Brexit could cause far-right surge - Grayling - BBC News SOUNDS LIKE A CLARION CALL encouraging right wing so tories get their way
What we need to do now is focus on the real choice. The real choice is between a transition deal to take us to the final trade deal and a WTO Brexit because we can not agree. There are no other choices. Basically negotiate a trade deal within the two years or do it now
First Brexiteer - Boris and now chum, Rees Mogg savouring the EU wares. Methinks they might speak with fork tongue or is Brexit just for others ?
Yesterday in Redcar there was a 'yellow vest' rally held about Brexit. Present were Colin Dodds from Durham, a Neo-Nazi whose been involved with stewarding the now proscribed Neo-Nazi group National Action. Also present was Neo-Nazi Alan Dent &amp; Fascist Tasha Allan.
If this doesn't convince the dwindling band of #brexit nutters that brexit is suicide, nothing will.
"It's time to forget the games and do what is right for our country." Vote Labour. #ToriesOut #JC4PM2019
#BeTheChange and fight for #GeneraElectionNow to break Brexit deadlock
Q: Why do people have to explain Corbyns position as a tactic beyond the wit of ordinary people, dismissing questioners as an 'elite', despite me a northern working class voter, being one of them? A: Because if Corbyn said it plainly Labour would be dead
you should be ashamed of your part in the death of democracy, not it's preservation.
With May’s Brexit omnishambles labour should be 10 percentage points ahead. Corbyn’s failure to openly support a #PeoplesVoteNow is the issue.
Can a no-deal Brexit be stopped? from The Economist
Yet the whole lying to the general public about the effects of brexit and lying to the scottish people that the UK would stay in the EU if they didn't declare independence - thats A-OK... seems its only a breach of democracy when conservatives don't get their way...
Do you mean like May shared her plans for Brexit? The Labour manifesto you can read from 2017 GE,Would you like a copy? Oh and Labour tabled the amendments so you’re wrong that they were distracted, just the opposite.
Weren’t we assured that Brexit “Would be the easiest thing in the world....that we held all the. Adds...that the EU need us more than we need them?”
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances #battle4brexit
“#YellowVests” strike #London streets via #uk #yellowvestprotests #brexit
Considering I’m Irish, living in England, I don’t know why we’re suddenly talking about the President of the United States of America on a thread about Brexit.
David Davis was Brexit Secretary for 2 years and a Brexiter for 30. In all that time he has come up with the sum total of nothing. His plan now is to drive Britain off the cliff and keep our fingers crossed.
Labour leadership is out of touch with Labour supporters.
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit: Brexit minister
Me bringing up Brexit at the family reunion and watching chaos ensue
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic'
UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit: pro-EU party leader
How Calais is gearing up for a no-deal Brexit. Land has been cleared, hundreds of inspectors in training and French officials are confident they can pull it off. But only if businesses can cope with the new Brexit red tape. Lorry loads of it.
#Corbyn trying to deceive the voting public again. Whenever I think "surely, he can't be that bad, that unelectable, that unsuitable as PM", he proves he is. To look bad against this godawful #Tory Government &amp; #May is quite some achievement! #StopBrexit
One mess has always been a preview for the other one &gt; Brexit and the U.S. Shutdown: Two Governments in Paralysis
It is abominable to see #Corbyn deliberately wasting our time to get to the end of March. Corbyn is running with the hare and hunting with the hounds: he pretends to give voice to the opponents of the #Brexit , but goes exactly in the opposite direction. Disgusting.
Bent referendum so that blows BREXIT out of the water.
1/2 “Europe is awash with opportunities for young Britons.” SK &gt; See EU youth unemployment stats in tweet 2/2. "If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan"
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has given his views on Brexit.
The Noble Lord seems to have a very tenuous grasp of democracy (He sits in an unelected upper house).
It's going to be delightful when the progressives who have been complicit in reproducing the discourse of 'Brexit as existential crisis' realise that they've created the foundation for the justification of increased future austerity.
Ok, so come on everyone, there are loads of us promising to march in favour of Brexit, #WTO or #Canada+++. So when are we actually going to do this? Let’s make it a weekend so everyone can turn up !! We need a good organiser too so that ppl who dont know London well can be helped
Mrs Doubtfire putting her lippy on
Revoke #Article50 &amp; cancel #Brexit Finally, a Tory with sense! I still believe, now scotland has seen the blatant ignorance towards its people from westminster, that our future is better in our own hands. So #Indyref2 asap. via
New post (MPs Attempting to Wrest Control of Brexit!) has been published on RETWEET and help us beat the mainstream media! -
BREXIT - Vladimir Putin doesn't want a second Brexit referendum - YouTube #HolocaustMemorialDay #MLK #GrenfellTower
Proper Brexit manager, would fit very well in Chelsea
It is a coup when you and your colleagues are a candidate for a party in the 2017 GE and stand on a manifesto on delivering Brexit, get elected on that basis, form a Govt, and then spend your whole time trying to deliver Remain.
Corbyn can’t make decisions, as this means he doesn’t have to take responsibility for anything. The fence is his most favourite and comfortable place..
Corbyn should give up politics and become comedian with jokes like this!.. Jeremy Corbyn on Labour Brexit plans: "The EU is well known to be flexible"
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
(Washington Post) #UK #PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic : Britain’s Prime Minister Theresa May has pleaded with lawmakers to accept her deal for leaving the European Union, warning that faith in democracy was at ..
The unionists parties position seams to be Brexit is bad and the boat is sinking, england voted to sink, Scotland did not so let’s chain Scotland to the sinking boat.
Brits have nothing to fear from Brexit but leaving with a deal is best
Yawn. You will keep saying brexit is the main cause. I will keep saying that it is the companies poor performance with the diesel crisis and costs of operating in the uk. You seem to take brexit very personally. Tell me are you a u.k citizen?
I'd modify that: hold a GE in which ALL parties offer 2 candidates, 1 pro-Brexit, 1 anti-Brexit. The pro-candidate defines preferred form of Brexit. Party with most aggregate votes wins, candidate is decided on the aggregated Brexit votes. Votes in HOC according to pro/anti at GE
Sadly for you electing a can only harm #Brexit - your Prime Minister would keep us cuffed to the EU and give them a gun to hold at our head as many of your colleagues recognise including your predecessor
Nothing happens by chance. #0doubt
I suspect Lib Dems cheering on the idea of Parliament taking control of Brexit haven't quite reckoned with the fact that Liberal Democrats represent 1.9% of the House of Commons.
Soft Brexit is semi-remain / semi-leave. It probably suits us best.
Dominic Raab tweeted that 'loyalty does not pay' and the responses are brilliant
May on Brexit: Back My deal or face catastrophe
What will Tuesday's Brexit vote may mean for the pound? More wild rides for investors.
it's funny tho, bc she has always said Brexit would be a bad idea just bc of what is described in that tweet. A tweet later AGAIN she says Brexit is harmful....so maybe you could take into consideration that you don't really understand what she is trying to say here?
What a year of sport beckons: Six Nations, Cricket World Cup, the Ashes, Rugby World Cup, Brexit...............
It won't surprise me to see arguments/violence by disturbed #Brexit leave voters who won. Taking out personal grievances on '#immigrants'.
Remain = Stay (Continue to be a part of all programmes and projects in &amp; associated with the EU) Leave = Come out (Including all programmes &amp; projects associated with the EU) This is how I read my ballot paper. I suspect this is how the other 33 million people also did.#Brexit
Prick.
“Nothing has changed” “Vote for my deal or risk no deal or no brexit” “This is the only deal” Done it for you.
Whereas your brexit policy is....to remain.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
I utterly disagree with Sir John Major: leave voters were not marched up a hill of expectation- we decided to take the plunge. UK will not be weaker and less influential- but still be a country. Remain cannot claim the votes of the non-voters of 2016.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
I just uploaded “Brexit Journey: EUR/GBP” to #Vimeo:
Waffling interview JC. There's no chance of a general election before Brexit. Your opposition to May has been half hearted and you are pro Brexit anyway.
"The Beautiful Gammon"
Former Tory PM again says Brexit is bad. You must have met Mr Major? His opinion worthless to Tory MP's now as he's not a force on the political scene? Seems that way to me.
It is in Westminster that's about how close he's ever going to get to becoming PM
Yellow Vests Take Over London! Thatcher's Lord Chancellor on Theresa May's Brexit Deal. GoingUnderground
Yet another project fear expert inserting facts into a debate where empty rhetoric and delusion are what’s wanted. Let’s #Brexit ourselves off a cliff and be done with it. Who cares about so-called “reality” anyway? (I just want to be PM). #Marr
&amp; why the Brexit campaign MUST NOT overlook the ECHR &amp; the deeply dodgy Council of Europe. A corrupt institution giving political cover to our own corrupt institutions.
Can see 1.29 tomorrow followed by a small pullback and then more longs following brexit vote. Looks like brexit vote outcome will be +ve
Owen Smith. like a puppet on a string.. #owensmith #newlabour #satire #TonyBlair #blairite #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitShambles #brexit #legacy 5
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote
Traitorous scum. I don't think Brexit will happen. If it does, these self obsessed traitors should hang for their crimes.
not a clue I've decided if we have a GE where Labour commits to delivering brexit I'm not campaigning Not because I'm dyed in the wool remain It was a Tory idea It became a Tory project due to the result They've proved it's impossible Labour finishing a Tory project = suicide
Please get the Tories out then sort this brexit fiasco out too please. It's not too late to put the brakes on this thing and evaluate just what is good or bad about leaving. Fake news, Tory hypocrisy and blatant lies needs addressing
Reenter in Luxembourg office
Here's everything you need to know about the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal this week
Too True. !!!!!
Wow Neil Warnock's came out in support of Brexit...
Bernard's life is Brexit And making shorting profit Your futures a joke to him, it's true You'll see it's all a show Keep him laughing as you go Just remember that the last laugh is on you Always look on the bright side of life Always look on the bright side of life #Brexit
A return? We've got to get out first, and Mrs May is working her socks of to stop that happening. British politics is broken, possible beyond repair.
What will Tuesday's Brexit vote may mean for the pound? More wild rides for investors.
Dominic Raab tweeted that 'loyalty does not pay' and the responses are brilliant
Because he supports brexit?
The Scottish government has promoted a Norway-style #Brexit as the least worst option for the UK. 23/28
Um, the point is that Brexit is just one issue. Yes, a massive issue (and one that I strongly disagree with Corbyn on) but your political party should be about so many more issues. Do you, um, get that?
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html We will #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here Thanks
What’s that actually got to do with Brexit?
A vote on Brexit due any time, the NHS collapsing, police forces at breaking point, knife crime rife but you go on about this?? A clueless government and a pathetically clueless opposition. If it wasn't terrifying it would be laughable.
Out means OUT.. We the People Voted for Brexit.. We ain't having another referendum, we are LEAVING on the 29th March.. That is how Democracy works, the people have already Voted.. I say NO DEAL
'To hell with the rest of the world': Neil Warnock attacks government's handling of Brexit - video #CardiffCity
This is unacceptable. He should abstain and resign.
You realize a referendum also risks leave winning with no deal? Don't twist his words out of context. He may eventually support referendum but a uniting, soft Brexit is preferred outcome.
Can I just get this right, if deal fails on Tuesday, will launch a vote of no confidence (which they probably won’t win) to have a general election they definitely won’t win? How exactly doesn’t fucking up #brexit further help the #manynotthefew?
That's awful - keep going, BREXIT is crumbling to dust!
Question 1: DOES THERESA' MAY'S DEAL COUNT AS BREXIT? Question 2: WHO GETS TO ANSWER QUESTION 1? Possible answers to Question 2: - Theresa may - The Cabinet - The Tory Party - Leave Voters - MPs - The British Public Am I missing something?
Here is my pitch for a new politics show: If a guest fails to answer a question, the interview is ended and they are ejected. If they want air time to promote their plans, they need to earn it!
What a stupid cunt.
Out of the Brexit nightmare must emerge a more robust democracy | Andrew Rawnsley
You're a member of a right wing extremist party Anna, that has racist policies, a racist PM, have marginalised the poor, the unemployed, the sick, the disabled and who caus3d the whole brexit mess in the first place
Yes he is. He became president because Russia helped him to steal it! I don't know alot about Brexit but I think it's time for me to learn! I believe the entire planet is at a crossroads that will decide if we have a future or not. I sure hope it goes the right way!
I really don’t you’re considering the damage to the trust in our democracy there would be if Brexit was reversed or even if a second referendum with Remain on the table was presented. And plus the People’s Vote campaign can’t decided on the question
No Deal ....Only way..... May warns of catastrophe if MPs don't back Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
In news, writing in the Sunday Express, Mrs May told MPs: "It is time to forget the games and do what is right for our country." What is right is to realize that a COLOSSAL mistake was made and that a margin of 1M votes should not decide the future - have a 2nd vote!!
If stopping Brexit via the "People's Vote" was a front-of-mind issue - a matter of great importance, a high priority - for the majority, then the Lib Dems would be soaring in the polls. As it is, they are stuck on 12%.
How do all the sensible moderates feel about John Mann, now that he's stopped making up stories about anti-semitism, and is planning to vote for May's Brexit deal? See we told you he was a wanker.
My observation goes- in #UK, those that voted #BREXIT, leave #EU don't look sound excited &amp; happy after a day of the vote. Expectations?
Hopefully brexit will chase the vegans out of this honourable country
Even Mandelson doesn't seem too committed to a Peoples Vote, and he's one of its flippin' organisers. "If it could be stopped I would help stop it, but the people have spoken and that has to be respected."
Butt out, Major.
Vic in UK constitution Parliament is sovereign (Parliament is source of all power) that's why EU Ref had to be advisory as no one can tell Parliament what to do. Once GE was called all parties MP who got elected had own mandate to deliver their version #brexit if possible.
‘Is this democracy?’- Putin urges May not to hold second Brexit referendum #HolocaustMemorialDay #MLK #GrenfellTower
Trump has conjured a crisis out of thin air. That should worry us all (Opinion) #AMjoy #SundayMorning #CNNSOTU #politicsnation #greatawakening #americafirst #qanon #BuildTheWall #Brexit
The SNP has also looked to Norway for EEA/EFTA inspiration should Scotland become independent after #Brexit. 24/28 Former Scottish first minister Alex Salmond holds talks over 'Norway model' - BBC ... › news › uk-scotla...
You mean ‘why didn’t the politicians do what I wanted’ ? Fool. When Warnock supports Brexit you know it’s fucked
Theresa May has signed the UN Pact on Migration, which allows in an unlimited amount of African people into the UK. Just in case you don't know.
Are you bored or distracting yourself from the excitement of Brexit vote?
Jamie Carragher &amp; Neil Warnock share their strongly opposing views on Brexit
Any arrests? No? Why not?
He’s gonna have to stockpile his Botox, the silly twunt.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
#Brexit #BrexitShambles #Netherlands While British politicians argue about a Brexit agreement, the clock continues to tick. Brexit is soon going to be a reality but what does it mean for all the players involved?
Ignorant of the process of Brexit as legislated - so called no deal is WTO, WTO is default Femi, there isn't a no deal and WTO, Mays deal or WTO kicks in automatically, EU and UK are already using WTO for ROW business so easily to adopt then UK can work on trade deals with ROW.
May warns MPs against 'catastrophic' failure to deliver Brexit
Will be able to solve this problem?
Never been less surprised by anything I’ve ever seen
I’m not so sure mate. Look how much the UK has changed in the last 10-15 years. Imagine another 10-15 years like that. So sad but until people (everybody) stands up nothing will change. The country has been ruined forever.
Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Leaving EU on WTO Terms via
That's solid hot-take-ery there. We just complain less, I suppose, which is why Brexit came as such a shock. I say "We" like I didn't move from reasonably affluent lake district to central Manchester, bypassing deepest darkest Lancashire, but you know what I mean.
Maybe you think that way because you don't fully appreciate UK inequality &amp; the devastating economic &amp; social impact of austerity. I think a Corbyn Brexit will be better than a Tory Remain.
Brilliant piece from . I'd screenshot a highlight, but it's all highlights. If you have read it STOP LOOKING AT THIS TWEET &amp; READ IT.
Sure they want deals. But you’ve seen how good this lot is at making deals. Look at May’s Brexit. Aussies will take us to cleaners. India will make deal but migration will be included. So instead of Poles you xenophobes can whinge about Indians.
I think, “Do the opposite of whatever Chris Grayling, a man who makes ineptitude into a piece of performance theatre, says,” is good advice.
Revoke Article 50 and cancel Brexit, says former prime minister John Major
We are being abandoned by the UK government upon the altar of Brexit say Britons who, work and live in the EU ahead of Brexit deal vote
How can it possibly be if we the people CHOOSE not to go ahead with Brexit?! #PeoplesVote
For now, is prioritising another #Brexit referendum in the hope of reversing the 2016 vote and keeping the whole UK in the EU. 25/28
Neil Warnock, I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, is the definition of Brexit.
Of course it is for them, no way is it for us Even if it goes through it we won't leave. They're just obtaining the option to tweak things in private for 80 years
Have to admit, I'm confused by what Neil Warnock said. He wants #Brexit because "to hell with the rest of the world." One of the founding myths of Brexit is that the rest of the world is where all the growth is. Wait. I'm not confused. He is.
No. And anyone who feels as you do should get down to Parliament on Tuesday to support Brexit &amp; to show that MPs can't ignore democracy
She never wanted to Brexit. They want England under liberal control.
Only are standing up for #Brexit right now. Even if you don't agree with them on everything it's important that every Leave voter votes for them in the next election
Corbyn must have an even better chance after the Brexit Debacle
Nope. I don't think it would be a brexit election. The EU hasn't protected us from cruel Tory policies. People know that, and they want an end to austerity. They want council houses, publicly owned railways, NHS, free education, investment in jobs. Etc.
Brexit failure a catastrophic breach of trust, says May
Just a better and safer one if Brexit no deal clean cut is implemented as the UK voters had voted for!
LOL I seriously thought he might be talking about the Premier League.
Oh dear. If This is correct Grieve and Bercow go to the top of the list just ahead of Soubry. Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve via
And since there is no such thing as a good Brexit ...
They can do it. They can copy paste existing text and just add negation terms. There’s a lot of info on People’s Vote website. The only thing that matters is the sovereign Parliament’s will. We need a break to agree on some form of Brexit that people can approve or reject.
And this is the main reason for Brexit
Cant have that in the show , a balanced, mature and reasoned outlook on Brexit. That would never do!
130 NHS staff in Cumbria will be affected by Brexit
Yes, you have let the nation down. Your pursuit of #Brexit knowing that every version of brexit harms our nation, makes you just as bad as the current government. Our future is with other parties who support #PeoplesVote
For all those pro #Brexit leftists even the bard says #Brexit is far worse than #Thatcher
That depends on who you are, knobhead.
Ongoing problem since well before Brexit
Excellent from
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU #news #politics
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
Fear of anothe recession is well founded. That you have a different view does not mean that Brexit will be successful. Your insistence that everything will be fine is as naive as any other view.
the idea corbyn can win an election on f/m is frankly ludicrous..its the main reason brexit voters voted to leave
The list include Udo Bullmann, the leader of the socialist group in the parliament, and Philippe Lamberts, the Green group leader. It was also signed by Elmar Brok, the German MEP from Angela Merkel’s CDU group.
If your friend and ally fails at #Brexit, we The People will make sure the Party is out of Parliament for a generation. Even if We ever allow them to recover. You’d do good to remember who you are employed by Mr Soames.
Cracking interview from Corbyn this morning. A politician whose depth of understanding, experience and commitment to socialist principles shines through imo
New post (Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit By Reuters) has been published on - © Reuters. Britain's Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay appears on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show, in ... -
What the hell is going on with Mrs May &amp; some of the Tories, its like they are determined to destroy this country with brexit I always though a government PM &amp; MP's had a duty to not do anything to harm the country &amp; citizens, what Mrs May is doing is more like a dictatorship
Corbyn is pro Brexit and wants the issue dealt with now. By definition all nationalists want Brexit. Both extremes, right and left are nationalists, racists and anti-Semite. What else is new ?
News Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter
Theresa May warns of "catastrophic" outcome if Brexit deal fails - Axios
The country is devided right down the middle still. Another referendum would deepen this division even further. #JC seems to be the only politician who understands this, and that is why we so desperately need him in no 10 #JC4PM2019 #GeneralElectionNow #Brexit #Marr
This is the only day I'm not gonna call him a wanker!
Jeremy Corbyn blasts 'disgraceful' attacks on John Bercow in Brexit bias row
What a pity she isn’t our Prime Minister take note please have the gumption to push through all of the crap going on with the likes of Dominic Grieve. I’d like to bet they couldn’t muster a majority to vote down the W Act.
Davis, the Tory party is a bunch of morons... I'm pro brexit, and the inability of you lot to agree a collective way forwards is an utter joke.. instead of you &amp; Boris churning out alternatives in the media every other day, why don't you get in a fucking room with your colleagues
Countdown to Brexit
And 4.9m were denied a vote....
'It's going to be soon, don't worry': Jeremy Corbyn hints he could launch bid to oust May THIS WEEK as he demands a general election to resolve Brexit crisis. Corbyn and his close entourage as much use as a chocolate fireguard. Tories close second like children at a kindergarten
the idea corbyn can win an election on f/m is frankly ludicrous..its the main reason brexit voters voted to leave
Yes, and in time Labour will give you a #PeoplesVote on a definite version of #Brexit but in order to get one the Tory government must fall, and for that to happen Labour needs to do what it's been doing. Tactics are lost on you lot.
75 year old white, male, millionaire wants Brexit. There’s a thing. Won’t impact him in the slightest whatever happens.
Wall really needed around WalMart #shutdown #ShutdownStories #AOC #Pocahontas #politics #Brexit #18isok
Pro-Brexit protester doesn't know what cultural appropriation means
Me when someone mistakes the #ECHR for an #EU institution:
BREXIT confirms to the people of the UK that our Parliament isn't there to serve or deliver to the people, but rather to give arrogant, self serving MPs a career &amp; a roof over their heads. As Cromwell said..."Ye are grown intolerably odious to the whole nation." L Stanbury 2018
Keep doing what you do. Its just a pity you are tied to the leftwing anti brexit BBC.
#FBPE if Brexit is scraped it will be the confirmation that democracy cannot be, any longer, highjacked by lies. Democracy only works if people knows the truth and are not manipulated by mythomaniac like Farage, Trump or Salvini
Neil Warnock. For en ignorant tulling.
Brexit is a very public example of what’s happening worldwide but in smaller detail Politicians are doing what they want Not what we ask them to do
In June 2016, I wrote a dystopian account of the Brexit referendum. At the point that I completed it Boris Johnson looked like he would become the next Prime Minister. You can read it at:
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
How did they get this buffoon on Brexit anyway?!!!
Neil Warnock is pro brexit? Never saw that coming
Neil Warnock. For en ignorant tulling.
I love Brexit, but comments like this are disgusting. When will politics stop being about looks and personal insults?
why are people like this :(
Labour not but corbyn (anti-democratic tosser) is...
Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay on Brexit no deal 'challenges':
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain&amp;#x27;s EU exit: Brexit minister [Yahoo]
... A loose-tongued Neil Warnock who talks before thinking
Just stop Brexit. It will give peace of mind to Millions' lives.
No no no no.....that is not possible. WTO is as bad a No Deal for Britain after we brexit.
Theresa May: Brexit deal rejection risks democratic 'catastrophe' #Brexit
Correct. Hence MSM banging on about Brexit is bow locks
I don't think this is the main reason that he has nothing to say on #Brexit. I think the main reason is that he has nothing to say on #Brexit.
Biggest con is the backstop which warned lying December 2017 &amp; civil service has used this to thwart Brexit as #backstop will lead to SM/CU Brino with EU in TOTAL CONTROL #NoDeal
Even better is no Brexit even it means you loose the option to hide your funds offshore to avoid paying your fair share of tax. #GreedyTraitor
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain&amp;#x27;s EU exit: Brexit minister
I'm proud to have voted for both Brexit and UKIP when Farage was leader. Guess what - there are millions like me . 17.4m to be precise . If you think Labour can form a govt by branding us all as racist ...then go ahead . Your project hate will go the same way as project fear :)
I voted remain but have come round to the other side since the vote. For reasons such as last night I was chatting to a senior accountant for the Bank of New York and she’s strongly in favour of Brexit. Pragmatic POV carry weight
No I don’t work there, but I do think brexit has caused a large amount of unnecessary distruption to industry
“Any British decision to remain in the eu would be warmly welcomed by us...” of course it would! Because you’re desperate to keep our money rolling in! Take your begging letter, and your fake love and respect for us, and shove it up your arse!
Yes Rebecca but labour haven’t explained once what they’re alternative vision is for Brexit! So why should I vote for a party that’s dithering. Labours weak leadership has allowed this Tory government to run riot. Your party is equally at fault for not providing an alternative!
I know. Excellent isn't it! Brexit is dead in the water because Brexiteers didn't step up to the mark and had no plan. They've sniped from the bushes for 35 years. This was their opportunity and they've blown it through ideological arrogance + crass incompetence.
Agreed. So impressive.
Well done Grantham for getting lets all get rid of the rest of the mps who have not done what we voted for that is to leave.
New (leathered) face of brexit
As I see it this is down to a right minded PLP to sort. Members &amp; voters are impotent &amp; the executive are locked into an ideological Brexit first position. The PLP risk is deselection but I’d be back into my CLP in a flash like others to avoid the Labour Party’s imminent demise
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
The same circles where nobody they know voted for Trump or Brexit Surround sound echo chambers of the State Apparatchiks &amp; their media apologists
And how much has #Leave cost so far? 2% of GDP o £20 bn And May’s #Brexit will cost each person £1,200 ...
"What's extraordinary about the Rebel Alliance is that the thousand planets in the Trading Federation have negotiated under the single voice of Lord Vader. The Jedi, on the other hand..."
The latest The Ad Nauzeum Daily! Thanks to #uk #brexit
If enough people care; if politicians are willing to put duty to country first, democracy will survive, but people have to care. Brexit isn’t just something that happens in far away London, it happens everywhere &amp; affects everyone including you! #CountryBeforeParty
I work for a company that's having to spend millions of pounds contingency planning for no deal brexit, and many others are doing the same. That's fact, not scaremongering
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
#Everton are just horrible to watch, should be banned from TV. In their place I suggest the following reboots Fun House Trapdoor You Bet Strike it Lucky Gladiators: Brexit Edition (MPs embarrass themselves on the course)
Still not happy about Marathon changing its name to Snickers- can we add that to pist
"now that we know what the consequences of Brexit will be". The words of a British Traitor. What he means is, make up any excuse to seek to overthrow the Government.
What’s the point the media and our undemocratic politicians will just label or anybody else that wants Brexit a extremist, racist, fascist, old, Gammon, little Englander, stupid, thick , liar and they didn’t know what they were voting for..
Every single job lost, every person racially abused, every life lost because of Brexit will be partly your fault.
The result of #Brexit, leave #EU, is an unhappy and discontented in itself- broken #UK as we know it (breaking up to #England, #Scotland, #Wales, #Ireland) . Watch this space.
Very that! #StopBrexit
Biggest con is the backstop which warned lying December 2017 &amp; civil service has used this to thwart Brexit as #backstop will lead to SM/CU Brino with EU in TOTAL CONTROL #NoDeal
Theresa May: Brexit deal rejection risks democratic 'catastrophe'
the Brexit negotiations might become completely irrelevant in June, after the European Elections.
Inspired! But, “you can’t always get what you want” Perhaps it is time to focus on what we need. I want to remain. I don’t need the EU. Leaving comes with huge cost but sadly that is what the majority voted for. Let’s get over it &amp; move on before the planet dies. #NoDeal
Except that “Project Fear” is actually rooted in sound economic theory, unlike Brexit which is based on a wing and a prayer, but you won, enjoy.
THIS!!!! And both Brexit and the US have Putin's fingerprints all over them.
IG, Phil &amp; myself have debated Brexit a couple of times before and we've always kept it civil.
BREXIT
#Brexit not only diminishes us, it diminishes the #EU which so often looks to us for leadership and a counterweight to #Germany and #France. Brexit is petulant, childish and self-destructive.
What Brexit would meet 's six tests? Question put to in Plymouth.
LETS DEAL WITH SOUBRY RT RT RT AND SIGN PLEEEEEEZTheresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
We know that Corbyn is working on his own project for a socialist Britain, the essental first step is Brexit. He is manipulating events to ensure Brexit and wants to avoid #PeoplesVote under all circumstances. He might get coalition government - but only 15% voters are far left
Brexit or no Brexit, if Corbyn got in .... I’m off , definite.
Brexit news: Theresa May EU deal rejection could see MPs seize Parliament procedure | Politics | News |
Corbyn sets sights on Downing St ahead of Brexit vote
Indeed, Brexit is crap for all of Europe. That said if you just think about France and Germany then you can see how those would be outweighed by any focused mainly on us
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
You bet. We had to put up with these awful Tories for many years now it's our turn. #GetTheToriesOut #SocialistSunday
British Prime Minister Theresa May on Sunday warned MPs preparing to vote down her EU divorce deal that failing to deliver Brexit would be a "catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust in our democracy".
Perfect Storm
The Right Wing are on the rise in the UK, Europe, US and S. America. If you are black, brown, gay, disabled, Jewish or any other minority, you need to be alarmed. Trump and Brexit have enabled this. It has to stop!
And Malaysia?
Please do,
He is just going to divide Ireland up even more like brexit to the United Kingdom:(
Imagine this kind of useless Stat just so they'd twerk for Pogba. What's next? Most goals before the Brexit referendum? What a joke of a page this is.
Yes, and in time Labour will give you a #PeoplesVote on a definite version of #Brexit but in order to get one the Tory government must fall, and for that to happen Labour needs to do what it's been doing. Tactics are lost on you lot. Plus staying in a CU will mean little change
There is no easy way forward on #Brexit, which - for some reason - brings to mind this famous work by the Norwegian artist, Edvard Munch... 28/28
Good old Neil, I totally agree with you! #Brexit #CardiffCity #voteleave
Brexit isn't the will of the people. Remain currently has a much larger lead over leave than leave has ever had over remain.
No #RHI #redsky #Nama #DARKMONEY #freeholidays #lavishdinners #Brexit *cough* party
BREXITERS: “We will be a global country, open to the rest of the world like never before!” ALSO BREXITERS:
30th of March obviously
I thinking you may be right Elizabeth. Not one 'male' has responded to this question. #European #women and #girls have been abandoned by their indigenous #men it seems. WAKE THE HELL UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND PROTECT YOUR #FAMILY #BREXIT #FREXIT #YellowVests
This Tuesday, MPs in the House of Commons are set to vote on the #Brexit deal Prime Minister Theresa May has hammered out with the European Union. Here's what DW's sees as the way forward.
The prime minister has warned MPs that failing to back her Brexit plan would be a "catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust in our democracy".
You have a legacy of fuck all from your time *allegedly* negotiating Brexit. You of all people don't get to toss around "The EU agrees things at the 11th hour" as some kind of excuse for your own abject failure.
News REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU
It’s horrendous, I’ll vote for any pro wto brexit Party now. Labour aren’t worth a thought
Indeed arty I am sure the RIGHT are frustrated but who cares!
exactly! — Trump and Brexit have really thrown it into sharp focus; and "not a neutral act" is absolutely on the money (even though publications frequently make out that it IS a neutral act)
Time for the leavers to take back control of Brexit.
Was he attempting to have another #JoCox moment by pissing off people so much that they would attack or kill her? Would you feel that if that happened to Soubry it would be just because she doesn't agree with you about #Brexit? You seem to be okaying his aim here, I don't get it.
For your psychological projection textbooks: said by a man whose own party has a raging civil war where their Plan B should be.
The left in the form of Jeremy Corbyn are making this situation worse by failing to be a real opposition and ending this Brexit chaos.
I still maintain this perfectly sums up Brexit:
The biggest issue on the political agenda is Brexit and he takes the same position as the govt. This is a non starter for the lead opposition party. A general election on that manifesto would be broadly pointless.
If she doesn't deliver Brexit can we as a people publicly arrest her and make her stand trial as a Traitor.
Brexit is so simple that the people who voted for it can't even agree among themselves what leave really means.
I stated after #Brexit, leave #EU, votes win in #UK- the next #Conservatives PM will not be a sad pro Brexit entity. Cue .
sort of right #tories decided EU regulation stymied 'free-market' as 'they' understand it ..so cooked up BREXIT for 'reset' net sum zero game ( hence 'money' tree remark ) you on right track
Is there a link between Brexit and doubt over Wylfa Newydd's future:
Guy never elected dog catcher, yet sits in a chamber filled with unappoinnted freeloaders, laments the loss of electoral power and control ...
And now they are all trying to position them selves to be standing just far enough away for when the #Brexit bomb goes off. I’m CONVINCED was trying to get sacked from cabinet the whole of last year.
It seems even the word itself now carries a curse for British companies
To put that increasingly dull brexit stuff into perspective, a 'Wort zum Sonntag' about unfolding their approach in the wilderness of computational biotech by Mohammad AlQuraishi:
Clear now that only Jeremy Corbyn can deliver the Brexit that 76% of Labour voters don't want.
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British ppl to reconsider Brexit Get a life
I just watched the brexit movie for next weeks bonus and it feels like I’ve spent the last two hours eating spoonful after spoonful of flour
He is so out of touch is he, all our friends voted Brexit, they now want the chance to change their minds, the believe they have been let down by the Brexiteers and lied to.
There had to be a start and that was Brexit and because of it we've separated the wheat from the chaff in Parliament. You to
Despite most of the MPs standing in 2017 GE in a platform of delivering Brexit. We’re those manifestos meaningless? Can we no longer trust politicians to deliver their core policy pledges? How is that democratic?
#MayBot Seems to remember someone across the pond calling a press conference and doing something similar ... Speaker Boehner resigns singing 'Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah' #PeoplesVote
what going on. Qu'est-ce qui se passe. one hunted Brexit. one hunted shutdown. one hunted yellow jacket
Sign the Petition
If there is "unrest" in Britain after the Brexit solution, just watch how the BBC under reports those. You will be lucky to hear any news of civil unrest in Britain from the BBC. I'm sure the Spooks have already briefed the media on that matter. You will have to watch Euro News.
the best part about brexit is that every public declaration of support is voiced by a caricature of a caricature of leave voters
Neil Warnock is clearly a bit of a prick but he’s the manager of a premier league football club, I don’t think he’s struggling to be ‘relevant’
Quite rightly so. Block Brexit, burn it all down, rather than just give it all away.
Bob thinks Corbyn is crazed, as opposition leader, to call for a GE. Bob thinks Corbyn should have an agreement with the EU as opposition leader. Ask Bob how Corbyn gets the latter, without winning the former.
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic
The P.M is not giving the people the Brexit they voted for
Here's everything you need to know about the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal this week
No one has moved, if anything business is more stable than it was pre-ref. Even troubled company directors who could easily play the Brexit card generally state that it’s nothing to do with Brexit (JLR, Unilever). I assume you only read the Guardian.
Brexit... the best panto’ of the season. Best deal for Britain...oh no it isn’t!
Not even a booking #SundayLeague #Brexit
How accurate have your predictions about the Brexit negotiations been so far?
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
War-Gaming the Pound on Brexit Vote Suggests More Wild Rides
'It's going to be soon, don't worry': Jeremy Corbyn hints he could launch bid to oust May THIS WEEK as he demands a general election to resolve Brexit crisis A No Deal would be catastrophic but a Labour Gov't wouldn't be?
No, that was the general election in 2017... Brexit happens in 74 days.
Exactly, it’s a mess. It seemed to want to treat the Brexit result as if 16m people just didn’t matter whatever they said or did. “That battle was over”. O Neill etc are contrarians who just want to disagree with thing for the hell of it and to appeal to the “Yeh he told them”
So that explains why he did nothing and learned nothing in his time as Brexit secretary, not just laziness .. oh ....it was his plan!!!
It wants to be a State &amp; one of the reasons I don't think the EU27 will be too keen on much delay to #Brexit is that they clearly want to increase their Tax Harmonisation and more control as evidenced by the December Draft EU Directive on EU-wide Taxation.
We recommend taking a few minutes to be inspired by opening speech at the people's vote convention. We're so grateful for her endless work to battle the injustices of this Brexit shambles.
If it doesn't back a people's vote I will never vote Labour again. I voted for them the last few GE's to stop the Tories, but not again unless they stand against Brexit.
You do know Sophie that *any* Brexit leaves this country poorer, don’t you ? Perhaps one question would be to ask why they need to make the country poorer.? Who gains? It sure ain’t 65 million citizens . Is it just *rich* people?
No foreigners will be allowed after #Brexit. Can't have them taking British player's jobs.
Well He is Pro-Brexit, he probably cant read "good"
The possibility of an in/out EU ref &amp; what it might mean was raised in 6 places in the White Paper. We all had all the opportunity we needed to factor the possibility into our vote. Which is why Sturgeon's Brexit --&gt; Independence assumption has failed.
Damn right!
If you use #Sage #Sage200c #Sage200Cloud it is likely that the standard Sage reports do not offer a Credit Control report that is ideal for your business. With #BREXIT on the way (or not?) now is the time to invest in better Credit…
Some truth in this. However, it's unlikely the establishment has overreached itself like this since the 17th century.
#UK #UKIP #BREXIT propaganda, that #NHS benefits by leaving #EU was a complete lie. That tells what the- leave camp is made of.
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit: Brexit minister #bedellihayirliolsun, #lot16, #mxmmoment, #soohorang, #springday, #petitpapatopachat, #jigabphoto, #pixelart, #sexymerrychristmas, #syurgayangkedua, #melonmusicawards, …
The latest Future Business News! Thanks to #uk #brexit
And I've had enough of left wing, communist, double standards being foisted on us by the likes of you. You're the real fascists in this country. You don't have the balls to actually have a policy on Brexit because you know it will lose your core vote in leave constituencies.
UK opposition leader Corbyn says no deal Brexit would be 'catastrophic' #bedellihayirliolsun, #lot16, #mxmmoment, #soohorang, #springday, #petitpapatopachat, #jigabphoto, #pixelart, #sexymerrychristmas, #syurgayangkedua, #melonmusicawards, #fnacenvoi…
In liberal regimes, people are not glued or wedded to any former measure against their own wellfare or well-being. Decisions are taken for the common good of the people, not otherwise. The first unwritten provision in every democratic Constitution. Salus populi, Suprema Lex.
Exactly
Oh dear, more victims of this unfair God forsaken creation where states simply can't support those who take their pensions &amp; inheritance to other countries. More #Guardian school essays brewing. Profitable victimhood galore. #FSS #FSB #e44e_ru #Kremlin #Russia #WaffenSS #234links
UK parliament will act to stop no deal Brexit: pro-EU party leader #bedellihayirliolsun, #lot16, #mxmmoment, #soohorang, #springday, #petitpapatopachat, #jigabphoto, #pixelart, #sexymerrychristmas, #syurgayangkedua, #melonmusicawards, #fnacenvoiedukd…
Cause brexit !
When you and your cronies thwart Brexit, he won't be the only one refusing to pay his taxes
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
This is how public opinion is coalesced into sheeping towards the will of their ‘leading representatives, in so called democratic votes. 2 options 0 developed by public #marr May says voting against HER Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in democracy
“To hell with the rest of the world”. He may not be the official Leave spokesman but Neil Warnock articulates the view of a lot of leavers. What does that mean for the much vaunted “Global Britain”. The #Brexit gang can’t even agree amongst themselves.
“Whatever happens to May’s Brexit deal vote on Tuesday, if our prime minister does not have the backing of the MPs, then I’m afraid Paul Pogba has to go.”
North East businesses come together for Newcastle protest rally against No Deal Brexit - Chronicle Live
I'm not the one who will prevent a labour government. I am one who won't vote for a Brexit enabling party.
Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
I support both an GE and PV to reject Brexit, however I agree if either party gets left holding the Brexit baby it will get severely hammered long term.
Abandoned Brits, that weren't give a vote, like me: “I’m being exiled for the crime of falling in love and exercising my freedom of movement rights.”
I have had a look at the map of the world and can’t see a country with our name on it...well, except for our country the UK which we already have, so must be a Unicorn Brexit promise to rename the UK? So far, XenophobiaLand, Bigotland, SupremacistLand haven’t been taken yet.
again, my pt not about morality of positioning but electoral incentives. Also, ppl know Corbyn, he is hesitant/bit pro-Brexit yet why no mass defections to Lib Dems? You keep waving "failure to do so" as likely result but so far nada. Bc Corbyn agenda appealing for other reasons
If only #Labour provided a feasible opposition (instead of opposing themselves..) Now #DavidMiliband throws his 10pence into the ring as well as 'Super Cooper'?! #Brexit #GeneralElection #SelfInterest #LastOutShutTheDoor
#propaganda I have 4 children and I am thinking of their future #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDealBrexit
$1 trillion is leaving Britain because of Brexit
Think again please if you are protecting people's rights in any sense? #Brexit #EU looks to increase Whistleblower Protection; UK to cut! #Leave you'll have less rights!
Not bowing down to one's oppressor is (a) the right thing to do (b) the mandate under which Sinn Fein were elected and (c) #brexit is your own clusterfuck. Sort it out yourselves and stop urging SF to betray their voters. It's telling how easy betrayal is for the arrogantsia.
One thing Brexit has done that's good. Its woken almost everybody up to politics &amp; how messed up our political scene really is. How about as soon as you pay tax on earnings after you leave school, you get to vote. No matter if you're 16 or 17.
1st time for everything I agree with Neil Warnock
Neil Warnock Supports Brexit. The Pope Is Catholic. Water Is Wet.
True. Americans screwed us. Churchill handed over gold and all industry. But now we go crawling to them to help us out of Brexit. Mad. Never understood this special relationship. They hate British. The bad guys in every Hollywood film. But u lick their ass.
Brexit Boom: Wages Up, Skilled Jobs Expanding, Says Top Recruiter via
This Tuesday, MPs in the House of Commons are set to vote on the #Brexit deal Prime Minister Theresa May has hammered out with the European Union. Here's what DW's birgit_maass sees as the way forward.
Once an empire of proud, brave and moral brits has cowered to Invaders. Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Leaving EU on WTO Terms #BRITs #British #uk #london #brexit #TheresaMay
May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit
While they struggle to deliver the undeliverable and ultimately decide it should not happen because 90% plus of the population will be worse off they need to explain this. It doesn't mean they shouldn't stop brexit if that is actually (with what we know now) the best thing to do.
Nah. Lord Buckethead called this way in advance. The only thing 27 PMs agree on is adding to the list of ways to extract concessions. None of them wanted to give the UK anything for free. Brexit was always doomed.
Rebel MPs 'plot coup to seize control of Brexit and sideline May' - Evening Standard
. now has Ireland in UK. Unbelievable
Oh, dear, i am sorry, i meant the gif or short video of the same speech from film.
Corbyn again confirms to #marr that Lab have no intention of seriously backing #PeoplesVote.. And aim to deliver "their" version of #Brexit.
Brexit was the politicians chance to show the people what they were made of. They have done!
Anyway, fuck it, more important stuff like football is on. Who wouldn't take a 5-0 win today if it meant a No Deal Brexit? This gammon would, any road.
Start negotiating the future arrangement straightaway, prepare properly for 'no deal, stop regarding Brexit as purely an exercise in damage limitation... I could go on!
Warnock's comments are an analogy for Brexit...fuck the EU, but can we keep the good bits.
Good news, everyone! Shorter supermarket checkout queues!
Well, with your go,den handshake guaranteed for a transition after Brexit I can see why you are fairly relaxed about crashing out.
Just #JohnMann being . Predictable. #JC4PM2019
If you’re a Referee in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Thanks Corbyn it’s your wishful thinking obsession with bringing everything down to a General Election - no alternative Brexit plan &amp; no proper Opposition to this divided government means you’re unsuited for Leadership
Well said warnock ,these corrupt politicians are trying to circumvent the Brexit leave vote ,just so they can keep their large EU funded corporate expenses along with future EU pensions by keeping us tied to the corruption ridden EI superstate. Brexit meant leave end of Period !!
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Seeing as you asked. Yes. The majority of the voted to #Leave the #EU. At the GE, both main parties promised to deliver. We now see a majority, in the whole of Parliament, not just for stopping a #WTOBrexit but actually stopping #Brexit itself. MPs aren’t doing as promised
I hate to say it but Brexit is incompatible with Labour values of protection of workers rights etc. It's a Tory venture.... nothing more.
No it's just that you don't understand sovereignty very well. Anyway, we know that Remoaner principles come and go in an instant - you'll change your mind whenever necessary - as long as you can try to frustrate Brexit
A la Victor Meldrew - "I don't believe its" via (Not funny at all.)
I think he will. But it will be a brexit election. Something labour are pathetic on !
This is kind of ironic :) i thought you voted on #Brexit
But, it isn't Brexit by any measure and betrays the EU Referendum result. EEA a la Norway requires Freedom of Movement.... Its a sham.
Pro-EU MPs step up campaign to stop proper Brexit - Westmonster
Over 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British ppl 2 reconsider Brexit Leave means leave
Finally a #hedgefund that lets you hedge for, or against #Brexit. Now in final development. Enquire through site. Thanks. #sks8 #liechtenstein
Corbyn absolutely should be a target because he supports Brexit, and had been working towards it for all his political career. Every single statement he's made about the EU and Brexit shows he's either ignorant or a barefaced liar. This is about facts versus fiction.
"A leaflet, titled “UK YELLOW VESTS AND WHAT WE STAND FOR” begins with calls for “justice for our boys” and Brexit. But...
Now there’s something I would like to see with a green hat on. A re-usable tassimo coffee capsule. That way I can put any variety of coffee I want and when I get to that wonderful coffee shop some 35 Miles away in Oakham... I can empod soon if I’m in a hurry.
Stopped in Penzance last week and asked to pick Brexit choice on a board . My wife asked why there was no GE on board as we need Tories out. Told us JC was a horrid man but could not offer a reason why. Wife told them, GTTO!
Ahead of the Foreboding #UK Parliament’s #Brexit vote, effectively PM Theresa May Endgame, She warns it would be catastrophic to halt #Brexit
Could be brexit? Everything else is.
SNP’s Ian Blackford urges MPs to block Brexit deal
brexit plan B ?
Ahead of the Foreboding #UK Parliament’s #Brexit vote, effectively PM Theresa May Endgame, She warns it would be catastrophic to halt #Brexit
Pleased to hear about all the good work being done by Tim in West Sussex and while the will respect the referendum result the policy from Labour is a 6 tests unicorn Brexit
How dare they deny the electorate their decision in th e #PeoplesVote HOW DARE THEY reject the will of the People who put them in deliver #Brexit not #BrexitBetrayal
Happy with the leader, just not his stance on Brexit
Normally agree with Simon Tisdall. But rightist populists in Europe have as many differences and splits as what they unite around. Progressive populists also doing OK. Here is my correction to modish London view Europe falling under control of far right
No deal means that real deal will come thick and fast post Brexit. All the doom mongers either, have no idea of negotiating a deal or, are extremely lacking in positive ability. This is Britain for god sake, the fifth largest economy in the world.
Macron wants to have a discussion and follow the will of the people now it's too late, wonder if we'll get the same platitudes from this party if they fail to deliver Brexit and end up in the same place.
John "Black Wednesday" Major or "Mr Maastricht" a walking disaster on interest rates and pissing away 6 billion of your tax, a billion of it to George Soros. An arrogant clot of the highest order. #FBPE #Leave #Peoplesvote #Brexit
I think the old folks who vote for Brexit forgot that their carehomes and the NHS run on EU nationals. Just wait till they’re sitting in their own piss because there’s no one who’ll fill the empty roles...
No deal #Brexit will bring its own fury and political instability.
Yes, Brexit must happen or democracy in this country is dead. Plus leaving the EU will be the best thing this country has ever done for itself, so long as it isn't May's deal and we leave completely and under WTO rules.
29th March WTO Brexit, because 498 MPs voted for this, only 114 failed to WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO Brexit WTO
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote
Yes, albeit a partial one. Turky is not invited to any meetings in Brussels where EU Member States discuss trade policy and the same would go for a post-Brexit U.K.
John Mann, coming to you live from the set of a 1970s hammer horror film
#BREXIT, leave #EU voters, #UKIP will LIVE to MOAN about existance of '#Immigrants' in #UK -lack of self confidence/ satisfaction. Similarly voters.
I voted remain but this guy is spot on. Too much focus on london whilst rest of uk suffers
There is no version of Brexit that meets their six tests. NONE. So either Corbyn is playing 7D chess or he's waiting for us to crash out with no deal. Take your bets now.
Any English that tags me in a tweet about my pay in £ is automatic ban. Your lack of awareness that we are in fact a different country, different currency, seperate health system, different nursing:ratio standard, leaves me flabbergasted. Best of luck with Brexit lads.
I want no Brexit no future right wing Tory Government equally no socialist hapless Corbyn Government. I long for a pro EU/FoM moderate social democratic Labour Government with an able genuine leader for us all. Don't want Tories nor Corbyn just real Labour
Now you just need to rid the Tories of the PM, Bercow, Grieve, Wollaston, Soubry, Allen , Sandbach and the rest of the quislings .... and many 1000s of us might still consider voting Tory again .....as it stands at the moment ....NO WAY
Will the streets erupt when the pms ridiculous #brexit #sellout gets voted down and #brexitdelay comes into play.
‘Get us out’: Brexit voters cry out to MPs ....CLICK LINK
May has delivered her own version of a “catastrophic and unforgivable breach of trust” in democracy ! She is a Corrupt Liar !!!!
Type ae cunt that uses gravy as lube when he's havin a power wank
Every single Remain voter is a politics graduates with a vast understanding of world trade &amp; the EU obviously. While in your opinion Brexit voters are nothing but uneducated northern numpties.
Our democracy is massively damaged by everything that has happened since the wimp cameron chose to act as fag to the erg in 2015. None of that makes brexit a good thing or even legally valid. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
I was wondering earlier what their position on Brexit might be and lo, that turned up!!
"On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?" Because he is as mich an ideological Brexiteers as the Right wing headbangers. "Labour’s leader stands on the principle that members make party policy" He doesn't give a fuck about democracy.
Not 52% of them
Buy vest, wear vest, protest.
Ahead of key #Brexit vote, many residents of U.K. manufacturing hubs closely linked to the bloc say they value their sovereignty above the economy via
He is a bully and the MPs don't have the guts to face him on this.
Another example of . being held back by self obsessed individuals such as . . If any of these people fail to back a call for a GE, or support May's Brexit deal, it's time to withdraw the whip and move them on.
Game changer...
It’s clear he wants to renegotiate Brexit rather than remain or have a people’s vote but whether his plan is anymore likely to succeed than May’s in negotiations with the EU is another matter and certainly the majority of Party members so far do not support his position
I may have done- don’t be so swift to judge, Jenny. There are more Remainers wanting to Leave than travel in the opposite direction. But I am pleased to hear you have a Brexit friend. Too many Remoaners ghosted all their erstwhile Brexit mates when they lost.
The future for the once proud peoples of Europe. Step out of line and your unelected undemocratic globalist EU overlords will shoot you in the head. #GiletsJaunes #Brexit #LoveEuropeHateEU
Yes indeed. A GE - costing over £140m - leads us to default Brexit in March, just as a No Deal does. It leads still to years negotiating a FTA with the EU, which other countries will be waiting on before they make deals with us. Still leads to increased poverty/uncertainty I
'We can run a campaign highlighting how the EU has been a force for good for generations – boosting our living standards, strengthening workers’ rights and acting as the greatest movement for peace and democracy the world has ever seen.' #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
'Colonial relations, established on racialised hierarchies, were imported back into the imperial metropole and translated into second class citizenship for darker British citizens' - on Brexit, Empire, and Decolonization
Telling all of Cardiff 's foreign players he doesn't need them idiot and crap manager
What is the consensus definition of “far right” these days, anyone who supports Brexit?
UK PM May: Rejecting Brexit would be catastrophic: Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May has pleaded with lawmakers to accept...
"#WorldNews Story: Ahead of #Vote, UK PM May Warns it Would Be Catastrophic to Halt Brexit #News":
All they need to do is shut up and get on with letting us leave...then they can protest all they like. One thing is for sure...these #Brexit saboteurs will not be forgiven or forgotten if they succeed in swaying TM's determination to deliver it. Let the law run its course.
How can you eat a mouthful of Brexit?
This is why certain people, for their own sakes, should become teetotal
May I remind you that we have had a referendum. The people of this country voted to leave the eu. What part of leave are you having trouble getting to grips with? Brexit means Brexit
I here you are gonna vote for May's #brexit deal. I kindly ask that you don't you will be enabling the Tories. We stand against everything they stand for. #ForTheManyNotTheFew #ForTheMany Don't be that guy John. Another world is possible #GeneralElection #JC4PM
David Milliband is a non starter but Yvette Cooper, David Lammy, Owen Smith, Keir Starmer are all good options. I would have supported Emily Thornbury at one point but she is pro brexit and therefore unsuitable for me. Question is, if Corbyn gets a GE &amp; loses again, what then?
How real is the threat of violence from brexiteers if Article 50 notification is withdrawn? What about if brexit is delayed? How would that compare to the civil unrest (if any) following the economic collapse from a hard brexit? by Lucien Denisse
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
In, out, in, out, shake it all about! You do the Hokey Cokey and you turn around that's what #brexit policy is all about!
We whipped ya"lls ass, then had to save it over and over. England has enough problems with their own immigration policies. Brexit and economy, along with mismanagement have ya"ll on the brink of disaster again. We don't need any advice from our little sister!!
Please note this important fact!!!
This is a really good article which everyone who voted in the referendum - Remain or Leave - should read.
To all brexit leavers. If you don't want a second referendum then all you have to do is collectively assert that you won't take part in one. You have the power to make a second referendum meaningless because you have power over whether to vote or not. I won't vote, will you?
Trouble is I think a 2nd referendum will exacerbate the already distressing levels of hatred, venom and divisiveness caused by Brexit. Pandora is out of her box and never have we needed Hope more. And tolerance.
Think we are fucked lol I can't see Brexit occurring.
Britain's most ardent Brexit city Stoke shows a country on the brink
This is all Cameron's mistake. Brexit was his bad idea. Brexit was not worth such a risk to London. I would recommend another referendum with a strong pro-EU remain campaign. People should have their choice especially now after so long.
She should have gone to no deal 2 years ago, it would have stopped all this bad feeling in the country, and also have sent a message to the EU
No you have got that wrong too it's the right-wing Brexit press not knowing what to do next and realising a PeoplesVote or no Brexit is next down the line
should remember what happened to when you push for an election for your own interests and to expand personal power, not the country's. Doesn't go well. #marr #brexit
Were your leadership to get off the fence and declare that you are pro EU then the leeching of members such as myself would not be happening! You might pick up a few disenfranchised UKIP ers who want a pro Brexit party, but that will be your lot!
Poll: #Brexit or #Remain? Vote and retweet for a big sample
Bloody hell - I'm agreeing with John Major. No, I haven't been drinking .....
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
By-oassing the UK is the only game in town, people have been warning about over dependence on the land bridge since the early 2000's, now is the time to invest in Rosslare, Cork and Bellview and provide alternatives. #Brexit #Rosslare
What a cretin
It´s also time you and (and your fringe group underlings) grasp that even if May's deal sucks, any **agreed** deal with the EU was always going to suck (of course it was!), but it's still better than no brexit happening, which is where YOU and BORIS are taking us...
If you want to educate yourself on the aim of the trip, be my guest. Chukka Umunna went too as well as Chris Leslie and Dominic Grieve. Why are you all aiming your anger at Soubry? Is it more acceptable to pick on the woman?
How many times? What if Brexit won again?
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why?
BBC News - Brexit: Ministers plead with MPs to back Theresa May's deal
Sunday is the 1st day of the week and yet I really don't think I will see anything more stupid than this for the rest of week. Who pays his wages? Where do his players come from?
Making fun of people (even thoroughly dislikable ones) for lacking the vocabulary of intellectual engagement won’t help.
How weird to be grateful that on Tuesday and the #Brexit vote I shall have other things on my mind to worry about. See you on the other side....though fuck knows what will greet me when I get there. #cancer
Whilst I agree with Neil, I don't think he was quite the right man to speak up for Brexit... Then again, could be worse, could be that twat Lineker. #brexit #ccfc
No he’s not, why can’t the remainers respect the democratic process. Decision was made , 17.5million of us voted . We need to accept #brexit cut the deal or not and move on as a country from this toxic debate
Good commentary thread by Glenn on the pros and cons of a Norway type Brexit deal.
A group of MPs are working on a way to take control of the Brexit process &amp; make it illegal to leave without a deal, this plot will gain support if May’s deal doesn’t get voted through on Tuesday, meanwhile Corbyn is planning a no confidence vote to secure an election, traitors!!
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote What about the Brits in Europe. In Germany about 106 000 people live in the United Kingdom.
Interesting article - I’m a remainer. So why do I feel more and more sympathy for leave voters? | Joseph Harker
Have to call it when Labour can win it and let the Tories hold the Brexit can
The Tories Eurosceptics in all parties a d Corbyn has singularly failed to address Brexit opposition to even any minor extent. He knows nobgame and is solely intent on No.10! Do not credit h with guile or intellect, certainly not imagination or original thought. He is not bright.
It's transparent that Corbyn will never stand for a #PeoplesVote his failure to rule it out is just to avoid alienating voters in the event of a GE. He wants Brexit and power. Tories want Brexit and power. Anyone willing to do this for power will never get my vote. Never.
Today I am giving myself a BREXIT free day! :)
I’m really not.. If they facilitate no Brexit I’ll never vote again
Brexit: PM 'working to get further EU assurances' The PM says plans specific to Northern Ireland will be among those set out ahead of next week's vote.
... You might be right, I'm sorry. I'm just scared right now of Brexit to be honest, as numerous people in charge of negotiations have either resigned, are trying to get no deal, or
As if I needed another reason to hate this hoofwanking bunglecunt
With the majority of our Parliamentarians being unelected (HoL) and the majority of MPs determined to block Brexit they appear hell bent on demonstrating to the electorate that political change in the UK cannot be brought about through the ballot box.
The Leave campaign was largely run on a far-right populist prospectus. Brexiteers like Grayling - and not Remainers - are responsible for the rise of extremism.
One of the reasons for some well off people pushing for Brexit.
Corbyn confirmed on the Marr show today that, even if Labour wins a GE, he would implement the Leave vote. Really important you make this clear to any of your members and potential voters who may still believe that Labour will stop Brexit.
Well said Neil. True and honest a man as you will ever see
Corbyn knows Brexit must and will happen. The people who think he will somehow stop Brexit are only fooling them selves.
Nine charts showing how deeply #Brexit has divided #Britain via #Brexit #EU
Hmmm for a country no... just can’t see that fitting into a new Brexit Anthem, can you? Really?
REPORT: Anti-Brexit MPs Plot Coup to Stop UK Making Clean Break from EU via
Actual lies and misleading statements in editorial today, attacking Corbyn for ‘failing to lead’ on Brexit. This is a Tory Brexit. Show some shred of integrity and attack the Tories please.
#DataScience Brexit: The Uncivil War showed us how the EU Referendum was won with Data Science
How Brexit has made Britain the new sick man of Europe - #AJextra #Remain
This is the clearest evidence against Brexit I’ve seen yet.
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND BREXIT WILL CURE THE COMMON COLD AND GIVE US SPACE MONEY.
#DataScience Brexit: The Uncivil War showed us how the EU Referendum was won with Data Science
wellll, if she intends to arrive after March 29...? #brexit :-D
BBC News - Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay on Brexit no deal 'challenges'
They would be better off with no deal and just leaving
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html We will #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here Thanks
Look at the hate he’s getting for having an opinion
All very worried and heartfelt about losing our EU funding no doubt!
You told me you voted Leave,voted for Norway deal? I assume you meant in the 2016 referendum? Here's what you really voted for A NO DEAL BREXIT!
I built a life for myself in the UK, now Brexit has unravelled it
This is outrageous! It shows some British people, or rather specimens, are going madder than the proverbial hatter seeing that they shelter behind #Brexit to give vent to their pent-up racism bubbling in the back of their minds. Will they call the army when they see an alien?
I do think if Brexit does not occur or is fudged, people will lose faith in democracy. I do appreciate you being open about wanting to stop it though. So many MPs claim to respect the vote, and secretly work against it
Turns out that Warnock is every bit as vile a person as I suspected
May warns MPs against ‘catastrophic’ failure to deliver Brexit
Like anyone listens or believes a word she says....lying conniving traitor !
Yesterday in Stratford on Avon, John Redwood appeared at the #Brexitometer stall. 'I love #brexit' he said He used those words He's an MP
John Bercow and our Remainer parliament are protecting democracy and parliamentary sovereignty. If Gov ensures Brexit and all its procedural chicanery, many voters will be impoverished – the political insecurity that would follow is far worse than stopping Brexit madness.
He’s trying so hard to find something worse than his favourite flavour of #Brexit.
Or the PM could seek a GE but only once it's too late to be held before Brexit happens.
Corbyn is a Brexiteer to his bones, Brexit is his wet dream come true. Anyone who thinks Corbyn wants to remain in the EU is delusional.
Another brexiter who's a millionaire. Colin much as he likes to be a common man is very wealthy a will not feel the bite of brexit. Most probably because when he next gets the sack he'll sod off to the continent and retire to a nice villa
Old Money Poetic Justice - 24/7 Air-currency trading banks - after #Brexit mint chocolate
Revoke 50, state that a proper BREXIT plan of withdrawal will be developed over the next 5 years followed by final ref to ensure people still happy.
But, even so, how can you possibly know the reasons voted to leave? Or what sort of Brexit people voted for? No one can.
Everything in and on Brexit is clear as mud.
He’s part of alumni of dinosaurs in the game that need dying off, no surprise he’s a regular friend of who spouts similar rubbish
Here’s what my local MEP thinks of Brexit
More than 100 MEPs from every corner of EU sign heartfelt letter asking British people to reconsider Brexit
Name one thing you’ll gain from brexit.
"To Hell with the rest of the world". Says a manager who in charge of a Welsh team, playing in the English league, with players from over a dozen different countries, owned by a billionaire from Malaysia, run by a Cypriot banker. Who was in France trying to sign an Argentinean!
Am so disappointed in corbyn. He is so playing it for his opportunity, and not the uk’s good, wants a general election before he wants a new vote because he doesnt want to alienate potential labour voters who vited brexit. Just opportunism would respect him more if he were honest
Is ok to believe in brexit then make money from its effects good luck to the guy
THE REASON THE BRITS ARE WANTING BREXIT, IS TO KEEP THE EU'S FILTHY FINGERS, OUT OF THE U.S. AND THE ELITE BRITS, MONEY IN OFF SHORE ACCOUNTS
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html We will #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here Thanks
Are you surprised hes pro brexit
John Major is also arguing it is foolish to plow into a “no-deal Brexit” and calling out the nonsensical argument that another vote is somehow un-democratic. That is what democracy is all about — having the chance to vote differently when the prior choice was a bad one.
This is one view I can happily live without. Drivel.
327,630 so far.
BBC News - Karen Bradley: No-deal Brexit could create 'feelings of unrest'
Revoke Article 50 and cancel Brexit, says former prime minister John Major
(The parliamentary squabbling &amp; blaming detracts from constructive dialogue &amp; reasonable decision making.) This is the main problem. Look at all this MP in fighting about BREXIT, It is our undoing. We need to start using more reusable energy sources.
That's the point, there isn't time. The EU elections are in May. The EU need (legally) Brexit to be finalised by then. So anyone trying to negotiate a new deal has until then to do the deal and get it through our parliament and 27 others. The timescale doesn't work.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Are you not so sorry now?
Who cares what this loser says especially when its on "Radio Israhell" aka LBC who have been sticking a knife in Corbyn for the last 3yrs....
Other things Alan Brazil thinks: - The EU will come grovelling to give UK a better Brexit deal if UK stops negotiating with it. - People with colourblindness all see in black and white - A night on the fizz starts at 10am.
Well shit, that's me convinced
Wow are you still falling for that one,the long discredited slogan on the side of a bus. There is no brexit dividend, period. Total EU spend is less than 1.5% budget &amp; creates large savings for trade and so on. Don’t continue to be out of date, it’s almost like wilful ignorance..
That's a relief, wouldn't want to cause a mass panic.
Whatever they mean by it's application (I have no idea), it just reads like a load of buzzwords and simplified explanation to write off Brexit within their narrow perspective.
Far Right is already driven the country...#PeoplesVote
Bercow's secret 'kill Brexit plot' with Tory saboteur Grieve via
I am still awaiting the referendum on Maastricht that Major signed and gave away so many of our powers with.
Basically, like rats, we should destroy the Far Right whenever they show themselves, before they take hold? Thanks, top tip!
Eat shit Tory Boy. It’s a coming. No brexit, no Tory rule in perpetuity. Sorry to ruin your privatised hard-on. Owen Jones will be PM by the time you retire.
"May says voting against Brexit deal would be 'breach of trust' in democracy" You can't breach trust that was never there in the first place.
Democracy truly did end in 2016 for you, didn't it. But why? What good do you think will come of brexit? #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
We've had a tremendous offer from Aaron Banks, in Roubles for some reason, but we are delighted to announce: The Institute of Piss and Wind fully supports Hard Brexit, it's a No Deal from us.
Can’t agree with this more
Well there are going to be a lot of Angry People if there is no clean Brexit in fact get your Yellow Vest from UnityNewsNet now and Join Ukip its only £4 per month and Ukip will fight tooth and nail for a Proper Brexit .
Here's a thing let's assume Grieve's amendment is plant. 3 days after losing WA vote she puts forward WTA vote, which she will also lose. Then announces only majoiity option is cancelling Article 50 which was her and HoC desired outcome from the start #Brexit
No it is not. It was never deliverable and we were all lied to. So it's time to own it. And politicians should stop using the word democracy as if they know what it means. It doesn't mean going ahead with Brexit. Going ahead with Brexit is in fact a breach of human rights.
I'm looking forward to reading the history books on brexit
Jeremy Corbyn admits he would rather see a Brexit deal than a second referendum
Honesty? Because I see a car crash happening in our 2 party system at the next GE. A brexit party will smash both parties in marginal seats and leave seats where remain MP sits. Labour could become a London Centric activist group only
BREXIT? ToryBoy1: "I say! How can we cover up our failed policies?" ToryBoy2: "I've been saving this Brexit Banger for such an occasion." ToryBoy1: "Good show! That'll keep the plebs on the hop. More champagne?" I voted remain, but... #GeneralElectionNow #JC4PM2019
I voted to remain, we lost, really boils my piss that those other remain voters feel that because they lost, they must have been cheated, lied to, been misled blah blah blah
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
Dear , I have a request. As a pro-EU citizen I’ve been following Brexit with great concern. I know negative sentiments &amp; ignorance about the EU are present in many other countries as well. /1
True patriots putting the needs of the country ahead of political gain. Every MP still supporting Brexit should be forced to make a recorded statement telling their constituents how Brexit is affecting them now and in the coming...
You could have put a full stop after "... national interest" and then pondered on why you did not take this stance from the beginning. #brexit
How much is your #property worth post Brexit? Has the price been effect? Find out here #nottingham
How's it possible he's not arrested? The People voted out! They didn't vote to stay in EU
Increased risk UK parliament acts to frustrate Britain's EU exit: Brexit minister
Oh dear. You’re not one of those people who thinks Brexit voters should die, or a million have died, so we should have another vote because of this?
Ok. #brexit. So ’s plan. General Election. Labour Win. Renegotiate deal. The #eu concede changes because they prefer left leaning government in UK. Dear God. That would be 28 external states interferring with the sovereign UK’s democratic choice. Watch out!
#ToryBritain self-serving bastards.
A Brexit for me the elite by the elite. It's one big awful deal for jobs.
For me, there is no more irritating man in football.
Do people really buy this stuff? Alternate reality stuff here. Brexit has already been negotiated and time is up. We either accept it, exit on no deal or do not exit at all. Those are the three options.
Funny as #Brexit gets down to the nitty-gritty that guns and tanks get tweeted
I have to praise Neil Warnock for one thing: finally, fucking FINALLY someone comes out and explains the basic central tenet of the pro-Brexit ideology: "to hell with the rest of the world". FINALLY someone's honest enough to say it.
Exactly! Because of Brexit and the behaviour of the EU so many more people now know what a bunch of corrupt, spiteful, self-serving morons run this vile establishment!
This 'Remain' PM was anointed by the large rump of remainers in the party to frustrate and ultimately stop Brexit. By her constant dithering and refusal to stand her ground whilst feeding 'leavers' some morsels of hope, she has delivered on the plan.
BBC News - Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
It's already glaringly obvious that Brexit cuts across traditional party lines. The referendum was a mistake but probably only a second can clear up this mess despite the risks. May gives enormous weight to the "will of the people" from 2016 and might just have to ask them again.
Like brexit is responsible for that already?
I bet his players will appreciate his comments.
I’m a fat tory I hate the working class brexit means brexit get out MY country.
Not one Brexit advocate has put fwd a proven, substantive, sustainable benefit of leaving; Art.50 casts asunder 750+ treaties protecting tariff-free trade, security, investment, scientific exchange, free econ. movement of future UK generations. Not one. Still, who cares, eh?
Michael Foot 2.0 he’ll cost the country another 10 years of crap #Tory rule #CorbynOut #ToriesOut #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The E.U are asking for £39 billion for a deal from , has anyone in government remembered the £3.6 trillion of war debt Germany owed us that was secretly written off? Perhaps Germany can pay off any debt we supposedly owe them!
Having been asked a number of times let’s clarify: only relates to international &amp; not domestic operators. You cannot apply for permits (of which there only enough to cover small % of current ops) without a Standard International licence in any event.
Jeremy Corbyn sets sights on Downing Street ahead of Brexit vote
#Marr ... more political parties or more public involvement in the political process is needed to claim that the U.K is a liberal democracy...atm it’s a representative democracy in which representatives dictate rules over those they are supposed to be representing. #SwingVotes
Voting for Brexit seems to involve either depressing ignorance or breathtaking cynicism. Like supporting Trump.
In normal circumstances a speaker is nothing more than a school headmaster and mostly act according to the predecessors' precedents. However, when they decide to act, to break precedents, even great powers can feel the pain. See then and John Bercow now. #lka #brexit
WTO coming to the newest free nation in Europe 29th March MPs voted heavily in favour of a WTO Brexit on the 29th March 2019 MPs voted by a majority of 384 to allow Prime Minister Theresa May to Brexit WTO 29th March
Rebel MPs 'plot coup to seize control of Brexit and sideline May' - Evening Standard
She’s had her majority taken away by the Electorate (2017), now has a majority in Parliament against her - yet thinks she has the AUTHORITY to dictate to MPs (hint - they should serve YOU)
at last Labour brexit policy has been made crystal clear to all who believed it was made up opportunism. Only brilliant Labour negotiators can deliver the supreme cherry pick deal,the European bad boys will be so star struck and just roll over. Fantasy bullshit,jeza
Pro-Brexit protester doesn't know what cultural appropriation means
Dominic Raab tweeted that 'loyalty does not pay' and the responses are brilliant
Absolutely. Even considering the absolute deceit of the 2016 #Brexit vote I fully understand the underlying issues that led many to vote #Leave… And as you say those issues were wholly the responsibility of the #UKGovernment not the #EU… #Remain
What because you will need a visa, do you never travel to other parts of the world where visas are required. If you are prepared to ignore a democratic vote for this then you are a fool but then again you're an idiotic FBPE. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
Here's everything you need to know about the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal this week
The Observer view on Jeremy Corbyn’s need to show some leadership on Europe. The longer the Labour leader puts off backing another vote, the harsher will be the judgment of history.
One pro-Brexit MP told The Mail on Sunday last night: ‘This is exactly as expected: a Remainer stitch-up by Bercow and Grieve.’
I’m not quite sure where this sits in the #Brexit debate but it signals positivity around the English economy. Detailed figures show England up 6% and SNP land down 5%. I have no numbers on Wales/NI.
#Brexit My analysis of the rebellion we've seen in parliament over the last few months:
Labour &amp; Lib Dems might not be able to agree a coalition, the Lib Dems and other parties are going to have their conditions and not just on #Brexit, #JeremyCorbyn might find that he had to let an agreed #FirstSecretaryofState handle Defence &amp; Security policy.
Putin having a chuckle about Brexit.
Take off the left/right goggles affecting your vision and look at the differences maybe? At the recent pro Brexit rally there was a chap carrying a scaffold for the PM, he wasn’t arrested, was he? There is clearly a difference in law for what happened in these 3 cases.
Taking lessons on family values from a man who left his wife and kids and beat his pregnant girlfriend ? Welcome to brexit Britain.
What a twonk. #NeilWarnock
There is no 'Brexit for the many' and all the country's issues can be solved from within the EU. The EU did not cause them.
The end of democracy and a revolution required as Speaker insulted aides &amp; ignored their warnings of anti-Brexit bias
John Major urges Theresa May to revoke Article 50 to avoid ‘damaging’ no-deal Brexit via
it 's the only thing I agree about with IDS ... A NO DEAL BREXIT is the ONLY DEAL FOR BRITAIN
BBC News - Karen Bradley: No-deal Brexit could create 'feelings of unrest'
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote … What about the Brits in Europe. In Germany about 106 000 UK Nationals live and work in Germany
Even worse his constituents continue to vote for him as their MP so they must share responsibility for ALL of his failings.
So is implementing the result #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to rule out Labour opposing Brexit in a snap election #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #DUP #sinnfein #moggmentum #momentum #gmb
But imagine if Leave lost, and how the army of racists and far right extremist Brexiteers are going to react. We'll find their respect for democracy suddenly dies, and we're in the midst of a civil war. Dangerous times ahead. Brexit has already destroyed this country.
Do we really give a monkeys what Neil Warnock thinks about Brexit?
Yes a second Referendum &amp; a General Election would both be deeply divisive. The obvious solution is to revoke the A50 notice, take time for thought, then, once somebody comes up with a plan for Brexit that commands a broad consensus, start over again.
By reading all these stories I have concluded that the ones who voted leave have never travelled abroad (I know some of them) or thought to find a job in other EU countries. Or is it jealousy to stop the remainers going abroad. !!! I wander!!!
“We’re going to be the ones who lose out: British citizens in the EU,” says Helen Burnham, 42. “EU nationals may face barriers to living in Britain, but they’ll still have the other 27 member states to choose from. After Brexit, we won’t.” TRUE.
Delaying #brexit by simply not #brexit ing for the time being? Vote on Tuesday cancelled? PM reporting in sick?
Worse
Even better would be to understand why millions are so disaffected that they are voting for Brexit, these parties etc. Gullibility, ignorance and underlying racism are lazy explanations when there must be some genuine, deeply held reasons.
the hard Tory brexit enabler
Notice that remains silent as hardcore #brexit yobs attack, spit at, and abuse with more violent intent. Have you managed to attribute the "hound" reference correctly yet, Zac?
The EU letter will I’m told contain assurances/explanations of current deal and nothing new. The letter would come from Juncker/Tusk in Brussels and they can’t change the #Brexit deal without negotiation with and go ahead from 27 EU leaders 3
Scotland is part of the United Kingdom which is one political entity, which they voted to remain in themselves, meaning they are also part of brexit. Do you not understand democracy? You can only count the votes that are cast, and of the 33 million, 17million is a majority.
Civil War looms in the next few Months Just b prepared for it
Silly cunt
I disagree. He will run out of road and the party will finally lose patience with him if he colludes with the ERG in the triggering of a hard Brexit.
What will EU do if deal fails on Tues? Reason they’re being so tight-lipped is bc EU wants pressure on MPs to stop the chaos + to focus not on personal political ambitions /#Brexit theory: Noway/but rather on what the EU sees as reality ie the deal 6
On #Marr this morning, Secretary of State spoke about our #Brexit deal and how it respects the needs of the business community.
THREAD: The invocation of #Article50 was illegal- Brexit is BUILT ON SAND. Follow and challenge the government's flagrant subversion of our constitutional arrangment.
That being the case, why are we in a mess. Perhaps it's because the Govt has failed to deliver a Brexit deal that commands a majority. MPs may have voted to give their assent to the Govt commencing negotiations but they also separately voted to allow a meaningful vote.
There doesn't need to be a majority in Parliament for No Deal. It's just what happens on 29/3 by default should the MPs who have tried to stop Brexit fail to do so.
Funny how for centuries politicians promise us so much yet fail when it comes to deliver. Why?? Cos they are all overpaid spoilt twats who don't live in reality.
B) The PM’s red lines would change to -for example -say the UK would stay in a permanent customs union . The EU has always said their parameters would change if the UK’s did. This #Brexit deal (incl backstop) was negotiated on premise of UK leaving single mkt and customs union 9
Good luck with that...
Paying attention to the views of Neil Warnock on Brexit makes about as much sense as asking Chris Grayling for an analysis of zonal marking
If Tories &amp; Labour get a majority between them (and they will) they can rightly claim the electorate has endorsed brexit and insist on carrying out “the will of the people”.
So people vote labour they get brexit. Remainers needs to think about that
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
b) If the that particular move were deemed “worth it” from EU perspective ie if it got the deal passed so EU/UK could move on to trade talks (much more important phase in EU eyes) and end the Brexit uncertainty for EU citizens and business 13
EU also will take into account what moves it can “get away with” to the extent that it won’t appear that the UK did indeed have cake and eat it with Brexit and won’t serve to encourage other Eurosceptic nations 14
If you really believe that brexit made this man this worthless racist scum then you’re fooling yourself. He’s probably always been this way but know body questioned it or recorded it before. But if it makes you happy to name it Brexit go ahead.
"Delaying" Brexit would require the EU to allow an extension to A50, since that absolutely determines the timing as EU law, which has priority even over statute law in the UK.
I'm a young driver, and insurance prices are crazy, but because of Brexit the prices have decreased, making it more affordable for young drivers to pay for their car insurance. #StudentsForBrexit #Brexit
We tried it, it doesn't work. Brexit is a one shot chance to get away. If it's rescinded now, they will never do it again, and we are looking at federalist Europe. If you are a remainer, you are a federalist by proxy.
It was May who overrode her then Brexit Secretary at Chequers and insisted on her own Surrender proposal.
Liar. Nothing new here. Same as Esther McVey's announcement way back. So: either a) a cynical attempt to take attention away from the Brexit shambles or b) start of a personal campaign for leadership of the Tories. Disgraceful!
sound familiar?
However there seems across board EU consensus that Article 50 won’t automatically be extended by EU. Only -as says one contact- if the extension serves to resolve this Brexit phase, not just to prolong it” 18
Wow. No Comment. #Marr
In conclusion: EU is pragmatic organisation and its members want to avoid no deal so there is more wiggle room than is being admitted right now BUT this does not mean EU will avoid a no deal #Brexit at any price. 19
Big problem is also that Theresa May doesn’t carry parliament with her. At beginning of #Brexit process a high level EU contact told me successful negotiations wld need EU unity on one side + on the other a UK PM strong enough to do a deal in Brussels and sell it back home.. 20
Time for the Parliament to revoke Art50
Oh dear, running a little scared are we. GE? Bring it on.
I'm so sorry for what's happened to you because of Brexit.
All of those plus Brexit of course.
The threat will come if Mays Submision, capitulation WA is voted in or if it's not and then further devices used to stop Brexit. They have no idea it seems of this , only to keep their pockets full with brown eu related envelopes,and UK to continue being spoon fed orders by it.
It's back!
Absolutely agree with you #YNWA
Everyone's clamouring for *checks notes* The world trade orgabistion trade deal? (Femi's right though, if it's such a great position why's the UK the only one scrambling for it?)
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote
Terrible, terrible life. All this traveling. All these awards. Seeing all these places while you could have stayed in rainy London arguing about the Brexit every day!
There isn't. All the measures within the Anti Tax Avoidance Directive are, in all material respects, UK law already and would be regardless of our EU membership.
#brexit where next? #Glasgow folk want to #StopBrexit....
sorry, what's his position on Brexit?
What? just so you can lose it. I won't vote for you again. You're spineless. You haven't any control over your party, you use threats and remove party members if they disagree with you. Your #Brexit stance is a joke.
The people instructed the Government, whether that power is held by the PM or the Commons, to leave the EU. If the Commons take power to stop Brexit they are executing a coup against the people.
17.4 million people nationwide vote for Brexit and a few dozen MPs in London are going to scupper not about Brexit anymore,it's about democracy. 17.4 million democrats v a few dozen gangster elites.
Jacob Rees-Mogg on Twitter
This is lovely. After everything that has happened and been said it’s incredibly touching too.
If you back Brexit, you immediately lose millions of votes. BREXIT is a far-right coup which you are supporting. Fraud and traitor!
There is something very Blairite about Corbyn's "intensely relaxed" attitude towards a right-wing policy like Brexit.
The grand old Mrs May She had 300 men she marched them thro the lobbies But was missing the #DUP 10 #brexit #brexitnursaryrhymes
Calling the far right bullies and you’ve just said ‘fag’. I hate Cameron as well but no need to lower the debate. It’s not about whether you think Brexit is a good or bad thing it’s about the decision taken in the referendum.
Well said.
Voting for a no Brexit deal is an odd way of trying to stop no Brexit. This deal is far worse e en than remaining. Who funds Open Europe?
May says failing to deliver Brexit will annoy the far right. This is reason enough to #revokeA50.
This is the most Colin thing I’ve seen
We've had a tremendous offer from Aaron Banks, in Rubles for some reason, but we are delighted to announce: The Institute of Piss and Wind fully supports Hard Brexit, it's a No Deal from us.
Europe is not doomed to be run by the hard right, writes here, against hackneyed conventional wisdom
On Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn only listens to the Leavers. Why? Labour’s leader stands on the principle that members make party policy – and the majority of them are Remainers.
Listener's comments on 's YouTube channel. Are these the people we feel safe around? Are these the people we want to see 'defending' out democracy? #Brexit #LBC #marr
The vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal: Your ultimate guide
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the petition! via
How about the Tories &amp; the Brexit Manifestos?
I agree with the sentiment; not sure the telegraph have chosen the best photograph to illustrate it though...
Unless and until Corbyn is in office it is impossible to say whether or not he can get the UK out of the government's #Brexit mess but what is definitely clear is the May can't. #Marr
No let’s not. Brexit is not in Britain’s interest. It was sold on lies and politicians like you need to start being truthful to the British people. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote
They are not and will not offer that. Labour is a pro Brexit party that will implement Brexit if in a position to do so.
We did accept the result, but then you Leavers fucked up brexit so badly that we're left with a choice of economic ruination or remaining. And of course all the promises you made in the referendum were broken or turned out to be lies.
I like Jeremy but his dilly dallying over Brexit is worrying. Think that will eventually hurt him unfortunately for us all
Says the man who helped to enable Brexit, sell off Royal Mail for a quick buck, and helped enable austerity.
Absolutely. I’d organise this myself if I knew how. My mum is in her seventies. She remembers food rationing. She’s an extraordinary person. She has escaped a dictatorship with £55 and one suitcase. She is NOT going to be snuffed out by something as ridiculous as Brexit.
My current hypothesis is that Putin has somehow corrupted the US and UK water supplies with a mind altering drug that induces a mass delusional hysteria &amp; renders around 50% of the population incapable of rational thought. I personally drink 10 liters of the stuff a day! #Marr
David just like tracer bullets; last minute negotiations work both ways. Just how much will you be willing to give in, when your precious Brexit looks like it 's going to be binned... Assuming you can be bothered to turn up of course. #BrexitShambles
Stop Brexit
Not very clever bloke, near the end of his life, who has become super rich in an industry that benefits more than most from freedom of movement. Typical leave voter really. #colin #brexit
Can I just mention, as a Scottish dog, that I want nothing to do with this Brexit nonsense? I think it will be bad for the economy and for young people like me.
Already had this vote... What the Bigshots didn't like it so they had another vote?
