Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial, for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life, which God has promised to those who love him.
If we really want to love we must learn how to forgive. -Mother Teresa
Jennifer Hudson - I Still Love You
Honoured (I love London!)!!
Im here and I love you
Would love to get your read on this Kyle.. Is it possible the Morleys and their "Australia-China Friendship Society" were Newcastle based Communists that the CCP exploited due to Newcastle being home to Australia's biggest coal port? any comment?
I love it
I’ve accepted a challenge from to post 7 covers of books I love-no explanation. Each time I post a book, I will ask someone to take the challenge. A cover a day for a week. My Day 4 Challenge goes to
same
Don't just stand there making your mind up; book your tickets today!!!
love you bb
I will love to donate but am not in Lagos. I pray God save the children..
oh my god am i supposed to cry every single time someone tries to comfort me can i stop doing that for the love of god
Show me love - Play on N1M
I never watched it myself. ^^; My interest and love for ffxv was the Choco bros being doofs. The actual plot ? Eeeeh, not so much.
Why do you love other people if they will hurt you?
I rarely make fanarts 'cause I suck lol. But Sunmi is such a freaky gorgeous beauty and I love her??? #Sunmi #Noir
Every hair colour I do looks good on me.
go united go love make biryani of #KK
Love the heels
It says, I love you.
I love you too please always be careful okay
i love him
On everything i love ...
Rt rt rt muah love you
Love
i love VK. it’s super cringeworthy though
okay now netflix, we're just waiting the hows of us and must be love!!!!
gracias beibiiiiiiiiii, love u.
bitches look at stray kids doing practically nothing and still melt over their love for them. im bitches.
I LOVE THE PATS so much they are definitely the best team there no denying it
And we draft a back as well, maybe devin singletary preferably josh Jacobs for me. Morganti and jonesy get me howling bright and early occasionally though as well lol. Love jonesy.
I LOVE YOU MORE AND THATS SETTLED
For the love of art! We all fell for Franklyn Dzingai - me and the girls on a school study visit National Gallery of Zimbabwe Excellent collection &amp; curation!
I loved that weird Space Jockey creature. I love that we never found out where it came from.
BIG FAT YES
i love youuuu
[07:47] Jennifer Lopez - If You Had My Love
So if love is nothing more than just a waste of your time, Waste it on me.
Buy a pair. You'll love em!
at this moment, a human is experiencing break up with pure love.
Sonic Says that traps aren't gay because you love females so much you'd date whatever looks like one
1,111,373,368,613! I love to count things!! #ilovecounting
whoever the fuck sent this, I hope you go to hell
Love Queen
No, I love them!
I love how mesmerising these two songs are. Not my kind of music but I want to listen to them over and over Not one bad recommendation 2 for 2 baby
Haha. Love "Eyes widening as far as possible./A look of sheer evil glee."
Looking good@ mfetilicious
Hey man dont you remember when your Boss Berlusconi was in love with Putin? Feed the birds
I appreciate you doing it. Love Bulldog sports and I know this was a tough year to stay invested. I believe in what Crean can do!!
Any chance at inviting to the con? Would love to see him at an Ohio/Kentucky convention in 2019! #WeWantVic #IStandWithVic #JusticeForVic
Love is greater than responsibility. God is love Greater love made Jesus Christ to lay down His life for us. Please ignore your friends and do it as charity
i love you still, i always will CHARRRRR
I love my eyes
Love all, love yourself.
006 #ECRBreakfast ENGLAND Divide Love Yourself Game of Thrones #ECRBreakfast
I love the back btw neighborhood, going nerds:
That’s ok Bridget.I know you have a soft spot for these little darlings.I have them in my garden.I love to watch them.
Danny must have the hottest shaved twink ass and ripe boy-hole in the business. This is his best one and more proof that you only need one boy to make mind blowing boys-who-love-cum videos.
Time may pass by but our legend begins love till the sun rise i shall stay by your side
Love love love
LIKE IT ITS NOT FROM THE FILM THE LAST MOHICAN?
I don't fit in love cliches.
Love this!
i love how i said i was going back to sleep but then jeongin went live so guess not anymore
i love you binnie
Cheetah time! Cheetah cubs love to play wrestle.
my parents waited for me to fully wake up before singing happy birthday to me i love them
I love #GoogleTranslate, but I wonder how much is #MachineLearning and how much depends on massive amounts of human translation effort. Language does evolve after all.
#NowPlaying Madonna - Justify My Love #Radio #Madonna
We love this print that just arrived. #gorey #wexford
Bet bowlers out here love the team!
We love , discover its tweets ! Check our tools to help you trade and invest better &gt;
Namjoon don’t make me fall in love with you challenge : failed
"Only you can makecme feel just like a king. Love you give to me so real makes me give in"
why am i in love with johnny i still don’t understand
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
You just have to love this dog.
Thank you for the great work! #WiSEGhana #GhanaWomenSocEnt
Apologies to late #WCW I have the Flu and I'm dying. I love you so much. You're always be my crush.
Today, in "arrangements of words that have me clawing my eyes out" from email newsletter. "Lay All Your Love On May". no thank you. I'd really rather not...
Thank god we are not legally required to love people.
hi niall i have surgery today, feeling like shit but i'm okay love u baby boy,don't put twitter down before i came home
Oh oh oh, I love ya X2 I do, I do, Oh oh oh, Oh oh oh, I love ya X2 I do, I do. I told you why we just can't make it, I want you still but I just can't take it, The time has come we ought to...
happy one month hml we have so many great memorises and i cry with laughter every time i enter the chat. i love everyone of you even ava and that son of a bitch ella. we have so many good memories like ella deactivatingevery other day and heather being a whore heres da best ones
You can get back wasted money.. But you can never get back wasted time! #motivation #fitness #gym #love #workout #inspiration #fit #lifestyle #success #entrepreneur #bodybuilding #instagood #training #life #business #fitfam #health #goals #hustle #fitnessmotivation #money
We'd love to use this image in our gallery! Reply &amp; include #YesPriorityPass to approve. T&amp;Cs –
THANK U JOONIEI LOVE YOU
I love this guitarist
i love them
In this movie you see drama action and love. #PaharganjTrailer
One of best trailer watch this Complete package of drama, action, crime and love #PaharganjTrailer
Hi, I'm a dumbcunt and I love binge-watching Netflix, keeping an eye out for my little feetsies and ignoring the middle east
CONGRATS ON YOUR 2ND WIN I LOVE YOU #TXT2ndWin #Crown2ndWin
Love the twilight view as well
Stay strong love
summer love // one direction
I will always love And I hope life treats you I love you You My darling, you love you have all this I wish you I'll go but
We are everywhere..!!
InThaName is now following me on Twitter! Go check this ASSTASTIC person out and Show them some LOVE!!!
Brie Larson is the new love of my life and I haven’t even seen Captain Marvel yet
In the final stages of my latest sculpture, a piece about the beauty of love, Christiane Stolhofer Collection
love aint easy, baby
I love you
Thank you love
I love it!
"Don't cry. I will love you. I will protect you from everything that hurts you." - Michael`s Eye
I show love to my dad every day but today is a special day. Today is his birthday and he would've turned 62. True life has no end so the celebration continues.…
I love when it’s super quiet and I can hear little Poe breaths
Love it.
Boston I’d love to bring back. It would also be a travesty if CGJ fell to the 3rd. He’s going to be a Top 50 pick
Shhhiiiat give me a really cheesy love song
What’s crazy to me is people reL love don’t look the same when they turn their heads.
we are like 20 nctzens on its so chill i love it
Waitin’ for the train • • • #train #rain #tigre #love #instagood #photooftheday #igers #instadaily #instamood #food #motivation #fashion #beautiful #happy #like4like #art #photography…
Sir, I understand your anger. However you stated the guns were made in USA. Isnt that dividing as well? This doesn't include all Muslims but terrorist Muslims it does include. Like all ppl who say they are Christian and do such things are not as well.. we need Gods love not hate.
“Let the beauty we love be what we do. There are hundreds of ways to kneel and kiss the ground.” - Rumi #landscapephotography #beauty #art #rumiquotes #light #nature #ohio #sugarcreek #sunrise #littlemiamiriver #cliftongorge #moon #spring #summer
i love you i love you i love you
So last week I won a competition on Wiggle and the stuff has arrived. Thankyou so much and for all my fabulous get started gear. Love them all xx
I love this idea!
Heal my heart and make it clean Open up my eyes to the things unseen Show me how to love like You have loved me Break my heart for what breaks Yours Everything I am for Your kingdom's cause As I walk from earth into eternity.
#NowPlaying Unrequited Love (Live) by Hannibal Buress Tune in now at
In the weeks of comebacks , #Arsenal play tonight and are probably gonna lose 0-2 at home just because we love a 5-1 score line in Europe #ARSREN
To the Best Morning News Team!! I’m glad you like!! Enjoy your Day.. #WhereisJake
You’re gonna love it.
It takes self-love and maturity to stop begging for someone to stay.
#nowplaying "Sting - If You Love Somebody Set Them Free" from the album [The Very Best Of Sting &amp; The Police] #sting
I’d love to know his private thoughts on these shenanigans. I’m sure he’s seen it all in his career, but this current situation takes the cake!
They are great people I love , enjoy yourself man, I had the time of my life
If you’re my mutual and you don’t like blackpink it’s okay, I’m not here to force you to like what i love, but have the decency to not talk sht about them or you’re getting blocked
And I love bellies! WINNING!
I hope that's a happy cry cus u deserve every ounce of our love and support
Love it
i love you namjoon!
CLICK THE HEART IF YOU LOVE THIS SONG ! Gospel_Song_I_Found_Love_by_BeBe_Winans playing now on ! Tune in for the best of today's Gospel Music 24/7 FREE Let us be your Gospel Radio Station &amp; Promo Company #TrendingNow #Gospel #GospelRadio
Mom i love him
is so freaking beautiful just love her
I would really love to, paps.
if you love me won't you say something
thank you,angel! please take care of yourself and rest a lot!!! I love you so much!!! love you!
I love you
I LOVE UUU
really? I love it. My favourite thing is to create these larger than life characters who have everything detailed in the words. From how they walk to talk to sit. Everything! #BlogchatterWritFest
i'm sorry i call u smth bad. i love you ok? i just want all the merch :(
I love the fuck out of Dante but I agree with this. Dante has had his shine already with MVC. Nero fits the SC6 engine soooo well with all the craziness in his moves. If he does get in, they have to put the excess system in or at least the Devil breakers.
grabe this thread im fucking crying lol
i want a love letter
See I love comments like this. So what will the electorate do?
I love Bethenny and Lisa but oh my god are some of their stans fucking CRAZY! Teresa stans are the most insufferable though because their just as hypocritical as her.
I love him #RM
Day 14 of #MGBookMarch finds me thinking about coaches as teachers. In particular THE Coach in Track series. I love how much he loves, protects, and pushes his kids. That’s teaching. This series wouldn’t be what it is without Coach.
Happy birthday Mr Aamir.May you be blessed with many more.Lots of Love from Rashida Sikander.South Africa Johannesburg
I love her pirate costume……….and Stan with his duck...……...
I love eatin pussy
&amp; this kate morgan is not the only one. so many nonblack ppl creep in our movements because they love BLACK POWER, whilst still hating BLACK PPL. it always coms out though. we just gotta be smarter and mind our goals
Lots of prayers sent! Love you!! Godspeed!!
I still love you... Yeah I be hard guy but ma heart be soft for you...But with or without you... I'm gon geddit... Infinite Enigma
Shattered love #CoralDYW
probably the only time i love pussies
Thanks em love you too xxx
save some love for yourself. #JFCAvrilLavigne
Hey love your service and all that but could you please tell me why I cannot login on my PS4 app or the website? I've contacted CS answered questions and then was sent to the website which I just said won't let me login to either and yet the phone app works fine
love is defineless
was a definite huge phew lol. One of the reasons we love using CitM for meetings is that fact that Dear Green is available all day ;-)
My new love/hate relationship.
Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial, for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life, which God has promised to those who love him. James 1:12 ESV
Gonna write again (we love hq pictures)
I love that the younger cast have been growing for years and prove their talent here but every older cast member from Rickman (all time favourite performance) to Maggie Smith to Gambon to Fiennes give it their absolute all (even Oldman with a few lines) and make EVERY beat land.
I’ve come to love this song but only just discovered the amazing healing story behind it! If you haven’t heard this before or heard the story behind it, check out the link here: #healing #bethel #worship #raiseahallelujah
I love her y’all. Like she’s my future wife and mother to my babies. I really don’t give her enough credit.
‘I didn’t grow up in this industry; I wasn’t prepared’ ParineetiChopra defends her career graph, reveals why she accepted a miniscule role in akshaykumar's next and asserts that she is not ready to talk about her love life yet -- Team First Buzz #RealFir…
#Hello, check out #news my website: || || || || ||
By Our Love by for KING &amp; COUNTRY (Lyrics)
“I’m not sure. It could be that I just made the woman I love think I hate her..”
Do I love my current job? Yes. Am I also seriously considering quitting and working on a campaign again bc 2020 has me so excited? Also yes.
The Form #LuisSuárez is Playing Magnificent..When He said he would love to Retire back at LFC later On..He should COME NOW!!!!
you're so beautiful baby i love u
If you love me why did you leave me .
March 14: I love Namjoon
ouh ya i love you so much and more
Medicine because I’m sick or love
i love when ppl block me for literally no reason. like fuck off with ur petty shit.
Love it at centre parcs! Enjoy
Check this out - the Happy Face design story and our talented friends at
007 #ECRBreakfast ENGLAND Divide Love Yourself Game of Thrones #ECRBreakfast
i do in fact still love him
love suddenly waking up asando en fiebre, nice
They say “I love you”, but they leave me alone.
love will never be an enough reason for someone to stay
Love it! I love how those ears sometimes flop back!
i love pink
THANK YOU I LOVE UU
love is blind, now I'm blind.
Don’t u just love it when u douche then then the guy never messages you back
Isn't that amazing what students remember. I love when they tell you about their memories and what stood out!
I LOVE HYUNBIN
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Love ya
You are a survivor . You are proof of God’s endless love. I love you and I adore you. You are a champion...of life.
love you
All my stuff has been reset I've put over 300 hours in the game with a rep 30 Warden and overall 83 rep Ubi please fix this I want to continue playing this because I love it
3. Cont Until it has finally found its way home to me over 2 years later with thousands of air miles and lots of lovely messages. I love this fandom. Thankyou to all who participated and for taking care of this book &amp;each other. So......it. needs to go to
I have forgotten how it feels to be in love.
OH GOD MY HEART IS WEAK
Namjoon i love youuuuuu
I love you for what you are, for what you think
Popcorn is an excellent snack &amp; really healthy, quick and convenient (which we all love).... Without butter and salt, of course.
Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him.
We all love u. Soon, you'll be back as new, and out there again even more so. Meanwhile, no lifting! No heavy stuff! Enjoy resting and the Spring coming up.
Oooh! I’d love to see this expanded - such an interesting voice. Beautifully done!
I'd love to run into you in a nice secluded spot for an extra workout
I would love to see how a young Richard Petty or Dale Earnhardt would compete with today’s rules and competition, but we will never see that so there is no debate here. Fox is just trying to create a argument. In my opinion.
My love for you are slowly fading.
Not me i love tall women lmao it’s other niggas
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEGEND I LOVE U SMMMMMM
We LOVE our new home with you guys! Thank you for making us so welcome xx
Love it! xo
England #ECRBreakfast DIVIDE #ECRBreakfast LOVE YOURSELF#ECRBreakfast , game of thrones#ECRBreakfast lol
Wow guys so amazing and I am so excited broken but with a mission to find and return Spain with her love looking forward to watch in theaters this 12th April #PaharganjTrailer
Good afternoon Kumba. We would love to check it as well and advise. Kindly DM your number Alternatively check on your end via Safaricom App&gt; Data Usage. Update the calendar dates to today. You will see what has happened. ^SM
I love you Wilbur.....dude you are on it....DA HOOK...I swear when I was putting this tweet together the Pattern Known as the Hook came to mind. Thanks Wilbur
Enter to #win Crafty Science by Jane Bull! Educational and fun science projects that kids will love!#GlimpseReviews #giveaway ends 3/25 //glimpsereviews.com/2019/03/04/dk-discovery-day-crafty-science-giveaway/
Pat was the genuinely love
Fuck drinking tea rules I love my tea thiccc and sweet And thats the tea
Loyalty &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; love
I just really am in love with him
I love when Neuters like this bitch Fern Shubert try to tell people how to live their lives...
I used to love him .......
I saw something very discouraging &amp; nasty from someone, to me - and I have one thing to say, I wish you peace &amp; happiness. I hope you can find the love you crave &amp; fill that void in your life with all the great things has to offer.
Love isn't toxic. #ThingsILearnedFromMyEx
bad-ass book? Cool! Is that it in your header? I MUST ask - I can't do gross. Is it? Otherwise I LOVE reading and I'll get it!
You the reason I believe that love is real
love the klcc bg
Love yourself enough to walk away from toxic people or toxic situations or any drama that doesn’t make you happy.
my babies won again. i love life
ABSOLUTE INJUSTICE JURISDICTION AUTHORITY. YOU HAVE CONFIRMED THEIR LEGAL GOVERNANCE IS HATE AND FEAR. JEWISH AND COMUNIST WAY. MY LEGAL GOVERNANCE IS HOPE AND LOVE.
Please send that love to knock me down too and I see if I still got it in me to rise up again.
To the people out there: Sometimes it takes a long time to realize the difference between what love actually is and putting up with the abuse of what you think love is. Someone that harms you physically and mentally is not love.
Happy bday family! I love you G keep grinding proud of you.....
Riv is actually a ninja this game I fucking love it.
love kirby
MMMMMM I'm in love &lt;3
We love you Fumiya, we will do our best 2 make u happy. #5DaysUntilFUMIYAday BringSankaiFamInBNK
kim jiwon deserves all the love nd affection
i love u pero my love has limits
i love you??????
oh my god hes so cute im in love
speaks volume eyy?
hais dont u just love jaehwan
i’m glad you’re having so much fun these days. i love you so much :(((
You know what a humanitarian nightmare is? I LOVE TOO MUCH! That is a humanitarian nightmare. They also make planes too complicated now.
I love getting my coffee for free cause the barista said it looks like I need it
Ooh yes Amen.. absolutely nothing can separate us from the love of our daddy.
THE MUSIC THAT YOU'VE BEEN PRAYING FOR. FOLLOW ON IG @ RYGRATIL #np #soundcloud
Your age shouldn’t matter if you’re just here to promote and love your fave(s).
Apparently my book is a little too dark for some and they have struggled with it. Others love the depth. #writingcommmunity should I be calming it down or just let it be what it is?
‘Bubba the Love Sponge’ Defends Tucker: It Was Jokes on Comedy Show via
the story of Laura Costa's as she fights with every obstacle that stands between her and love #PaharganjTrailer
As if people love to not stay close to their office. Nariman Point and Lower Parel have so many houses at middle class level rates right?
Thoughts and prayers for the little one . May Allah get well soon . Sending Lots of love .
You LOVE your #networkmarketing products - right? BUT is the site your company provides working &amp; automating the process of enrolling new distributors? We can help you build YOUR business with tools that generate a steady stream of INTERESTED leads. &lt;==
It’s true, Twitter, I now have a favourite particle. It’s a whole new world! Come and see the Strange Quark and I (and, most importantly, the enthusiastic physicists) at today! #particleselfie #CampusintheCity #JoinUsBeInspired #Lancaster
Hi, I'm Guy Fieri. I love myself GuyFieri
I love sassy snitz lol
Check out my new recording on Itunes. It's a spin on the classic, but a Celtic love song instead. Fun and Romantic. Happy St. Patrick's Day in advance!Pre-save my new single "The Wild Rover (The Lost Version)" on Spotify: (powered by )
These baby days #stageone
I love every minute I spend with you x
Ur welcome
i would like to announce that not only does the book i'm reading center around a gay romance, but it aLso has an aroace character and she's the first one i've ever seen and i love her-
but i love you
whenever i see him, i can't breathe properly because his beauty is so breathtaking, he is so beautiful it's from another world.
Thank you for sharing Namu I love you
This is beautiful dude. &lt;333 really love what you have done here and congrats on this fine doodle being your first! A great choice &amp; done super well. &lt;3 super proud of ya :&gt;
Congratulations on your announcement to run for the WH2020. I said this when you were running for Governor of Texas, that you were destined for even bigger greatness and I thank you for choosing to run to win. We Love you from such power of reaching out.
Yaassss Love this Song..
Sending love and support from so many of us at Fratton. Hope you're feeling good about the progress you've made x
I LOVE YOU
Finished sign from a posting yesterday. Love doing these personalised paintings. All freehand painting. Like the challenge and the freedom of working this way. If I have a “style” this…
Ahhh it came out gorgeous!!! I love it!!
would like to mention that i love "erased" but the ending was kinda disappointing
Good Thursday my friends. I believe you'll like this... Like to introduce a friend of mine, Mark Desmond please follow him &amp; show him some Twitter Love!
Ide love to be in a Broadway musical
You'll love these delicious low carb muffin style breakfast sandwiches. Theyre ready in about 10 minutes. FULL recipe:
my hair is shorter than i intended but i LOVE it
Love you 2
take it how you want it. take on all my love.
A wonderful read Martin, I love how humble you are in your achievements, you've done a fantastic job the past few years and recognition such as this is testament to your skills as a photographer, you should be proud! :)
love u!
I love you
Love ya Merse!
"One thing that matters to me" #singing #music #love #singer #musician #song #artist #guitar #songwriter #acoustic #newmusic #musicians #vocals #producer #voice #singersongwriter #guitarist #singersongwriter
I LOVE YOU SO SO SO MUCH
will be back tomorrow, i promise. i love you both, especially you baby
Love at first sight
love u ra!
A love that cannot be.
I want you want to figure out ways to be easy I wouldn't be there. Love is like a little faster.
. Love Your Life..Love your Marriage
It seems as if you’re in love with your smartphone.
suddenly i love city
LOVE YOUUU CONGRATS
Love your work guys
hiphop reggaeton soul RnB music np This Is Our Love (Asi Es El Amor)[Ralphi Rosario Mixshow Edit] by Sophi on
Go ahead don't waste time
No, I just don't put people on a pedestal that I know won't hold them up! No one except God himself is worthy to be called flawless and if you think otherwise you are the one who is delusional! I love talented BTS and Jimin dearly, but they are only human like me!
Love my chicken Renee
i love how you strategically cropped out the part where you are repulsive
Would you have thought I’ll always love Jimin’s hard work. keep working hard
I love him so much &lt;:3
This is prolly the cutest thing I've seen! Nobody ever wants to go skating and y'all niggas just roll bouncing in the room. Lol that's love
Prayers Terrence ! Love you ! #MAGA
i love youu
was that the family guy fanfare!!! josh whats this. (i love i’t...)
When I wake up she’s the first person I think about. When something good or bad happens she’s the first person I want to tell. I look her in the eyes and see that she’s the only woman I ever want to be with. I wanted better myself for her and do everything i can to make her happy
Starting my morning off amazing! I love this song.. HELL THE WHOLE ALBUM! #TEAMWITT
i love seokjin’s extra ass, i swear the resemblance between us is getting on another level
Wow! Throw back and creative. Love it.
Juve v Barca for the aesthetics and Messi v Ronaldo for the Champions League or; Liverpool v Man City and whoever wins goes on to win the PL also.
Thank you to everyone who replied to this. I was feeling really terrible and you guys really really helped me feel a lot better. I love you all so much.
MattCorby - Miracle Love [18:48]
But I sent you the link to this video over a week ago bbz....
are you coming to Phillies camp for 30 clubs in 30 days? Work here and would love to meet you!
i swear i’ll love you in a different way
Ok I love you too
Don’t Quit Lovies. #IGotATestimony #ResetYear #Love #Uplift #Motivate #Travel #Spiritual #Focused #DontQuit #HigherPower #PositiveMentalAttitude #BreakIngPatterns #BreakTheCycle #HealthIsWealth #MentalHealthIsWealth #PositiveVibesOnly #InspirationalQuotes
Standing in the rain. #music #art #poetry #lyrics #poetrylyrics #writers #expression #unplugged #acoustic #art #spokenword #writers #love #poet #freemusic 431
Love you couple
I love remembering how much I fucking love AFI will always be my top favorite band no matter what
YOU'RE SO PRETTY I LOVE U
I love how you love me.
I hate myself for loving...love!
it’s like ppl who are shopping ariana grande to look darker than she is just to call her racist smh ppl really love to hate
Amem to that! #Syracuse
Really??? Is everything fare in love and war??? #jdd #Election2019
Mason comes in clutch when I need him in the most desperate of times. He saves my ass more than anyone lol. Much love my dude. Thank you for being my best friend.
Grow up you big dope. This transgender garbage is ridiculous. Quit forcing it on the rest of us. Keep it to yourself.
we love: dragging people into our own mess and making them suffer from it unwillingly
Love it! So true. Well done.
This makes a ton of sense. Would love to see projections on this.
Charter will never love me bc she has tessa weh
salman sir kasay han ap i like you your alls moves and i love you sir salman
That is where way too much skill does not out weigh heart and grit. I have said all year they think a pretty goal counts for more then the ugly ones. I love Marner but he looks off way to many scoring chances for the pass. Grant it he is good at them but still needs balance.
My beautiful girl. I’ll always be right by your side, no matter what. It’s me and you now, baby. I love you.
WE LOVE BOTH OF YOU SIR ALL PAKSITAN SPECILY YOU STRONG STROCS
They turn their TVs on and sigh
Which subject do you love the most? And why? — english sayonan rako
For a thousands kilometers apart, and I still love you.
I'd love to see her explain the inner workings of her smartphone.
i love my bf
ok i love you so much
Alright now. Beyond got my vote. I love a Caucasian man of color.
Keira Knightley Plays "Despacito" on Her Teeth and Reveals a "Love Actua... via
She doesn't deserve this
Hi Stephen! Sorry to hear you're having issues and I'd love to take a look. Please can you submit a ticket via this link, including your typeform's URL, so we can investigate?
i love you angel
Zuppa Di Pesce, Bouillabaisse, Fish Soup or whatever you want to call it, is right labour of love. Making a decent stock takes forever. Luckily, I got the girls in to help me along.
Congrats on your 2nd win i love you my dear sons #Crown2ndWin #TXT2ndWin
But Kageyama's way too dense, he'll never understand, even if Hinata told him I love you, he wouldn't get it and think he's talking about volleyball :(
Shout out to the love I’ve been getting lately
I’ve never seen this film but I love Anatole Litvak as a director. I’m also intrigued by the story as well. I value your opinion. Can you give me some of your opinions on why I should watch this film?
I LOVE Gogobebe. What the hell.
"Oh, I just read a historical saga where the heroine fell in love with the enemy generals son, who was supposed to marry the pri #JinoraBot
I love her too for birthing a legend
England do love to kick to an inexperienced and out of position back three... See the take on it below...
I love him so much and it's been 5 years now .
Don’t lose hope!! Stay Saved!!! Proverbs 3:3 Let love and faithfulness never leave you; bind them around your neck, write them on the tablet of your heart.
i love u so much baby
Side B it’s so hard to choose because I love all these songs
bitch, you’re right
"I love you" "I am sorry " "I promise" All have eight letters, but then again so does "Bullshit".
juve vs barca and ajax vs man utd semi finals. this final would slap
I LOVE U SONMCUA
Is new game going to be on steam? Im huge HPD fan and just love it. My first and only game maxed out and such loved
i lOVE YOUUU
It’s International School Meals Day! We would love to see pictures of the meals you make today in celebration of the day. #ISMD2019
Wow! Love it!
Wat kind of love is that anyway.
I love bussing I’m pussy I love cream pies all that shit that’s the best toes curl hamstrings get tight all the world is depending on me
I am horrifically hungover, but my love for the Stayers’ Hurdle is undimmed. What a great bunch of lads they all are.
as much as i love OWL, shit has been said by ex-players, from pro to casual and still needs to be said
phum viphurit, i love u agad legit
Yes! I love trying to guess the ending.
Love youuuuu&lt;3
I love this gay bastard so fucking much...
Would LOVE to see this in the journals &lt;3
just open up your heart ailie :) doesn't mean u can't see him or you're in pain eh He's not real anymore. believe me, just let Him into your heart and everything will get easier. I love you , dm me enetaym &lt;3
i binged like all of your audios today and i just have to say you are so stinkin cute!!! i want to be your friend… — Awww thank you love!! I'm so glad you like all my audios ^^ and don't worry, I'm bad at texting too but im always…
I love how the FBI is both the Deep State and trustworthy when it suites your agenda. I can’t wait to see how history judges you as nothing more than a fraud.
Don't get me wrong, I love spoons - almost single handed my save British beer and many historic buildings. I love it compared to pubs tied to pub cos but that's a dif point. Bragging about the number of people you employ while they're in the midst of industrial action is daft tho
I love you tooooooooo
Love this strong message #noexcuse #NedbankIMC2019
Who needs an artist??? Check out some fabulous work by
i wanna know what love is, and i want you to
It does cause some people stomach problems but I love it, the only painkiller that works for me really l
I love u bub
They love getting their money out of that blue cube dont they #CaptainMarvel
Agree. Sangat selesa and worth it to buy...
When he said what we had was so precious, and he didn't want to ruin it. When he said he didn't want to Mosby this thing. So I said it instead.
Opprest still by the living, love the Dead:
Mann I love a woman.
I love how You's stance looks so proud too, meanwhile Yoru's just, "Uh.. Hey, my name's Nagatsuki Yoru", www.
For the love of god Help me
Thank you! I love that quote!
love you):
Love is sacrifice
Oh hey sorry i died
I LOVE YOU
I’d love to see what an alternate timeline would be like if there was no Brexit. Would we still have Cameron?
We're taking a dancing class atm. He hates dancing. But he knows how much I love it.
#GOGOBEBE9966 Love it so much I'm screaming and streaming
ive fallen in love with soda and xqc streams because i feel like ive finally found people who are as mentally uncapable as me
Keyless entry and theives love it #goingbackwards
The fiercest hearts are in love with a wild perfection. —Stanley Kunitz
cw love pushing the message that wlw can never be happy for longer than 5 minutes, I wonder why
Hell yeah,I still love me cartoons.
Love your clear eyed analysis. Having difficulty raising my monthly contribution on resistance live. I will persist.
we’re studying a gay magazine in media and my teacher said we had to get into the “gay zone” first and then put on same love by macklemore i cant stop laughing macklemore threw the first brick
Again, I think it is vital all nursing programmes have MH specific education inbuilt to enable us to promote mental health wellbeing and to facilitate management of mental health crises. At , we would love to know your current experience.
i love it ..
I love silly/ridiculous music videos. This one feature cameos from live action tv/movie robots of the past.
I love this facisnation. I was like that with Vex Red.
I'll see Troye Sivan today!!! Omg i'm excited i love his music so much!
I would love another Europa league run. It was brilliant.
I love baby...
I love you joseph.
Wouldn’t you love to see Trump’s HS and college transcripts?!?
love bug kinda has a nice ring to it lol
#photograph #photography #startup Just love nature
who is the love of my life?
WHAT A MOOD
Lmaooo I swear. I love arguing.
Love to fuck?? I just love ur love... What if I grab yo neck...
For this very reason, make every effort to add to your faith goodness; and to goodness, knowledge;and to knowledge, self-control; and to self-control, perseverance; and to perseverance, godliness;and to godliness, mutual affection; and to mutual affection, love.
Hi! I am Amy. Just started drawing seriously in Dec. I draw all sorts of things, mostly anime chars. I am still learning and always appreciate advice. I would love to start doing commissions soon if I knew where to start. &lt;3 DeviantArt=Rogue-Slayer, Instagram=PatriciaMollohan
Looks like love.
LOVE my Outback!
Yoga I’m mostly peace love and tattoos and a little go fuck yourself shirt
Learned something new. I only know them as papadum and we have an expensive representation of people from India in Toronto (love Indian food!)
I ain’t puking I love sushi but I know most people don’t like seafood when I was like 7 I hated seafood it made my stomach hurt
I LOVE YOU BABBBBB
